<doc id="20876323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876323" title="Tattva (Jainism)">
Tattva (Jainism)

Jain metaphysics is based on seven (sometimes nine, with subcategories) truths or fundamental principles also known as tattva or navatattva, which are an attempt to explain the nature and solution to the human predicament. The first two are the two ontological categories of the soul "jīva" and the non-soul "ajīva", namely the axiom that they exist. The third truth is that through the interaction, called "yoga", between the two substances, soul and non-soul, karmic matter flows into the soul ("āsrava"), clings to it, becomes converted into karma and the fourth truth acts as a factor of bondage ("bandha"), restricting the manifestation of the consciousness intrinsic to it. The fifth truth states that a stoppage ("saṃvara") of new karma is possible through asceticism through practice of right conduct, faith and knowledge. An intensification of asceticism burns up the existing karma – this sixth truth is expressed by the word "nirjarā". The final truth is that when the soul is freed from the influence of karma, it reaches the goal of Jaina teaching, which is liberation or "mokṣa". Some authors add two additional categories: the meritorious and demeritorious acts related to karma ("puṇya" and "pāpa"). These nine categories of cardinal truth, called "navatattva", form the basis of entire Jain metaphysics. The knowledge of these reals is essential for the liberation of the soul.
Jīva.
Jainism believes that the souls ("jīva") exist as a reality, having a separate existence from the body that houses it. "Jīva" is characterised by "cetana" (consciousness) and "upayoga" (knowledge and perception). Though the soul experiences both birth and death, it is neither really destroyed nor created. Decay and origin refer respectively to the disappearing of one state of soul and appearance of another state, these being merely the modes of the soul.
Ajīva.
"Ajīva" are the five non-living substances that make up the universe along with the "jīva". They are:
Āsrava.
Asrava (influx) refers to the influence of body and mind causing the soul to generate karma. It occurs when the karmic particles are attracted to the soul on account of vibrations created by activities of mind, speech and body. 
According to the Nava Tatva Sutra, there are forty-two asravas or ways through which the soul is exposed to the inflow of karmas. Of the forty-two, five are senses, four are passions ("kashayas", viz. anger, pride, love and covetousness), five are sins ("avratas", viz. killing, stealing, lying, adultery and worldliness), three are activities ("yogas", viz. mental, verbal and physical activity) and twenty-five are "minor asravas", individual acts such as "walking carelessly", "lending a weapon", "wishing ill to any being", "the reception of a gift", "the exercise of cunning" or "accusing any of the Jain books of falsehood", etc. 
The "āsrava", that is, the influx of karmic occurs when the karmic particles are attracted to the soul on account of vibrations created by activities of mind, speech and body. "Tattvārthasūtra", 6:1–2 states: "The activities of body, speech and mind is called "yoga". This three-fold action results in "āsrava" or influx of karma." 
The karmic inflow on account of "yoga" driven by passions and emotions cause a long term inflow of karma prolonging the cycle of reincarnations. On the other hand, the karmic inflows on account of actions that are not driven by passions and emotions have only a transient, short-lived karmic effect.
Bandha.
The karmas have effect only when they are bound to the consciousness. This binding of the karma to the consciousness is called "bandha". However, the "yoga" or the activities alone do not produce bondage. Out of the many causes of bondage, passion is considered as the main cause of bondage. The karmas are literally bound on account of the stickiness of the soul due to existence of various passions or mental dispositions.
Pāpa and Punya.
In many texts "punya" or spiritual merit and "papa" or spiritual demerit are counted among the fundamental reals. But in "Tattvārthasūtra" the number of "tattvas" is seven because both "punya" and "papa" are included in "āsrava" or "bandha". Both "punya" and "papa" are of two types — "dravya" type (physical type) and a "bhava" type (mental type).
"Saṃvara" is stoppage of karma. The first step to emancipation or the realization of the self is to see that all channels through which karma has been flowing into the soul have been stopped, so that no additional karma can accumulate. This is referred to as the stoppage of the inflow of karma ("saṃvara"). There are two kinds of "saṃvara": that which is concerned with mental life ("bhava-saṃvara"), and that which refers to the removal of karmic particles ("dravya- saṃvara"). This stoppage is possible by self-control and freedom from attachment. The practice of vows, carefulness, self-control, observance of ten kinds of dharma, meditation, and the removal of the various obstacles, such as hunger, thirst, and passion stops the inflow of karma and protect the soul from the impurities of fresh karma.
Nirjarā.
"Nirjarā" is the shedding or destruction of karmas that has already accumulated. "Nirjarā" is of two types: the psychic aspect
of the removal of karma ("bhāva-nirjarā") and destruction of the particles of
karma ("dravya-nirjarā"). Karma may exhaust itself in its natural course when its fruits are completely exhausted. In this, no effort is required. The remaining karma has to be removed by means of penance ("avipaka-nirjarā"). The soul is like a mirror which looks dim when the dust of karma is deposited on its surface. When karma is removed by destruction, the soul shines in its pure and transcendent form. It then attains the goal of "mokṣa".
"" means liberation, salvation or emancipation of soul. It is a blissful state of existence of a soul, completely free from the karmic bondage, free from samsara, the cycle of birth and death. A liberated soul is said to have attained its true and pristine nature of infinite bliss, infinite knowledge and infinite perception. Such a soul is called "siddha" or "paramatman" and considered as supreme soul or God. In Jainism, it is the highest and the noblest objective that a soul should strive to achieve. It fact, it is the only objective that a person should have; other objectives are contrary to the true nature of soul. With right faith, knowledge and efforts all souls can attain this state. That is why, Jainism is also known as or the “path to liberation”.

</doc>
<doc id="20876326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876326" title="Martin Conlon">
Martin Conlon

Martin Conlon (1879 – 23 January 1966) was an Irish politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Cumann na nGaedheal Teachta Dála (TD) for the Roscommon constituency at the by-election caused by the resignation of Henry Finlay of Cumann na nGaedheal. He was re-elected at the June 1927, September 1927 and 1932 general elections. He lost his Dáil seat at the 1933 general election. He was elected to the 3rd Seanad in 1938 on the Industrial and Commercial Panel. He was defeated at the 1943 Seanad election.

</doc>
<doc id="20876329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876329" title="Fred Hargreaves">
Fred Hargreaves

Frederick William Hargreaves (16 August 1858 – 5 April 1897) was an English footballer who represented the England national football team. He also played first-class cricket with Lancashire.
A member of the Malvern College 1st XI team, Hargreaves played his club football for the Blackburn Rovers and was a midfielder in their team which lost the 1882 FA Cup Final. His first international cap for England came in 1880 when he took the field against Wales, with England winning 3-2. The following year he made an appearance in another international against Wales but this time finished on the losing side. In 1882, he claimed his third and final cap in a convincing 13-0 victory over Ireland. As of January 2013, this remains England's highest ever winning margin. 
His brother John Hargreaves also played at Blackburn and represented England.
An amateur cricketer who was previously a member of Malvern's First Eleven Cricket team, he appeared in his only first-class cricket match in 1881, against Derbyshire. Hargreaves was dismissed by George Osborne for a duck in his only innings and took a couple of catches. He played club cricket at Blackburn's East Lancashire Cricket Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20876330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876330" title="Frederick Hargreaves">
Frederick Hargreaves

Frederick Hargreaves may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20876335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876335" title="Dương Hồng Sơn">
Dương Hồng Sơn

Dương Hồng Sơn (born November 20, 1982) is a Vietnamese footballer who is playing for T&T Hà Nội. He is best known for his performance that helped Vietnam national football team to win their first ASEAN Football Championship. He was awarded MVP of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20876338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876338" title="Carl Heymann">
Carl Heymann

Carl Heymann (also Karl) (1854 in Bingen – 1922 in Bingen), was a virtuoso German pianist, composer and piano teacher.
Life.
Heymann was considered to the successor to Rubinstein, and taught at the Hoch Conservatory in Frankfurt am Main from 1878-1880. In spite of many interruptions through psychological suffering to his early and fast rise to fame, he was considered one of the most important pianists of his generation and was also known as a composer. Following his period in Frankfurt, he returned to live in Bingen.
After the 1880s the name of the brilliant young Heymann's name disappeared from the musical world. The last third of his life was spent in an institution.
Heymann's repertoire included the virtuoso piano concertos of Ferdinand Ries, Johann Nepomuk Hummel, John Field, Moscheles, Reinecke, Chopin, Mendelssohn and Schumann.
Among his students in Frankfurt were the American pianist and composer Edward MacDowell whom he found to be so talented, that in 1880 he suggested, when illness forced him to resign, that MacDowell be his successor at the Hoch Conservatory - at the age of 19.

</doc>
<doc id="20876349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876349" title="Škrjančevo">
Škrjančevo

Škrjančevo is a settlement on the left bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River south of Radomlje in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20876360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876360" title="Winchester Regional Airport">
Winchester Regional Airport

Winchester Regional Airport is a public use airport owned by the Winchester Regional Airport Authority and located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Winchester, a city in Frederick County, Virginia, United States. It was first recognized by the state as a licensed commercial airport in 1937 and was known as Winchester Municipal Airport until 1987.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned OKV by the FAA and WGO by the IATA (which assigned OKV to Okao Airport in Papua New Guinea).
Facilities and aircraft.
Winchester Regional Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 726 feet (221 m) above mean sea level. It has one asphalt paved runway designated 14/32 which measures 5,500 by 100 feet (1,676 x 30 m). The runway supports instrument landing approaches, with the localizer located on the northwest side of the airport.
For the 12-month period ending May 30, 2007, the airport had 36,574 aircraft operations, an average of 100 per day: 97% general aviation and 3% air taxi. At that time there were 108 aircraft based at this airport: 79% single-engine, 18% multi-engine, 2% jet, 1% helicopter and 1% ultralight.

</doc>
<doc id="20876361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876361" title="Soulcrusher (song)">
Soulcrusher (song)

Soulcrusher is the lead single by the hard rock band Operator from their debut studio album Soulcrusher and was written by frontman Johnny Strong. The single was released digitally to iTunes and other digital stores on August 2007.
Music video.
The video showing the band in a dark place and was released on August 2007. The band plays in a dark room while a post-apocalyptic tyrant is greeted by women carrying a coffin. As they reach the tyrant, the coffin opens and singer Johnny Strong jumps out, guns firing. The video ends with the words "to be continued." However, there has not yet been a continuation of the video.
Appearances.
The song has been featured on the soundtracks of the video games "Madden NFL 08" and "", in TNA Wrestling's 2008 PPV event No Surrender as the official theme song, and in the 2007 film "The Condemned".
Chart position.
The song peaked at #8 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and reached #29 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20876374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876374" title="Explosives engineering">
Explosives engineering

Explosives engineering is the field of science and engineering which is related to examining the behavior and usage of explosive materials.
Topics.
Some of the topics that explosives engineers study, research, and work on include:

</doc>
<doc id="20876386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876386" title="Speed of Sound (roller coaster)">
Speed of Sound (roller coaster)

Speed of Sound is a Boomerang roller coaster in Walibi Holland. It was manufactured by Vekoma and opened in 2000 as La Via Volta. It was open until 2007 when the park announced it would be shut down. That year, the train was sold to Pleasurewood Hills in England and now operates on Wipeout and the track remained in place at Walibi World. On 30 January, Walibi Holland announced that the La Via Volta will reopen in 2011, with a new style train from Vekoma under the name of Speed of Sound. P&P Projects was responsible for the design and build of this new attraction. Walibi Holland announced that it held a competition to win tickets for the opening of the roller coaster on April 6, 2011 

</doc>
<doc id="20876390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876390" title="Turnše">
Turnše

Turnše (in older sources also "Turnišče") is a settlement south of Radomlje in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Črnelo Castle () used to stand on Hribar Hill () above Turnše. The castle was first mentioned in written sources in 1297 but at the end of the 17th century it was abandoned for a manor below the castle. The castle itself was probably used for building material because no trace of it remains today.

</doc>
<doc id="20876426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876426" title="Vir, Domžale">
Vir, Domžale

Vir is a settlement on the left bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River opposite Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
A new parish church dedicated to Saint Joseph is being built in the settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="20876440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876440" title="Battle of Suez">
Battle of Suez

The Battle of Suez was fought on October 24–25, 1973 between the Israel Defense Forces and the Egyptian Army in the Egyptian town of Suez. It was the last major battle of the Yom Kippur War, before a ceasefire took effect.
On October 23, with the imminent arrival of UN observers to the front, Israel decided to capture Suez, assuming it would be poorly defended. An armored brigade and an infantry battalion from the Paratroopers Brigade were committed to the task, and entered the city without a battle plan.
The armored column was ambushed and severely hit, while the paratroopers came under heavy fire and many of them became trapped inside a local building. The armored column and part of the infantry force were evacuated during the day, while the main contingent of the paratrooper force eventually managed to dash out of the city and make their way back to Israeli lines.
Background.
At 4:00 PM on Tuesday, October 23, the United Nations Security Council met in New York to reconfirm the ceasefire and send observers to the fighting front. At 6:00 PM, General Ensio Siilasvuo, head of the UN Emergency Force in Cairo, called the Israeli Defense Minister, Moshe Dayan, and told him of the decision. Dayan suggested that the ceasefire go into effect at 7:00 AM local time, thirty-six hours after the original ceasefire was supposed take effect, and Siilasvuo accepted. The Israeli Chief of Staff, David Elazar, said in the Kirya that he was in a dilemma. From a military perspective, the IDF needed a few more days to make the Egyptian Third Army surrender and cut off the Second Army, which would collapse the entire Egyptian military. On the other hand, Israel had a great debt to the United States as a result of the massive arms shipments of Operation Nickel Grass. He later said it was the latter consideration that made him accept the ceasefire.
The town of Suez had about 260,000 residents before the War of Attrition, but most of them left during that conflict. However, there were enough men to form a militia, which would make up part of the city's defense force. On October 23, division commander Major-General Avraham Adan had three armored brigades and a makeshift infantry brigade made up of five or six battalions. By October 24, Israel had two brigades on the outskirts of the city, and one battalion from Yoffe's paratroopers brigade southwest of the town at the Gulf of Suez near the old oil refinery. Suez was thus completely isolated from Egypt from the west, and so was most of the Third Army. Yoffe had pushed across the Sarag road west of Suez put a further blocked the Egyptians. Capturing Suez was not considered psychologically or strategically important, although it was presumed to hold supplies for the Third Army. Throughout October 22 to 23, many Egyptian officers and soldiers had withdrawn into Suez. Most of these belonged to administrative and supply units that had been stationed on the west bank of the canal. They also contained a number of units from Third Army that had been engaging Israeli forces since October 16. The number of Egyptian forces inside Suez reached almost 5,000 men, possessing only small arms and assault rifles. Brigadier General Yusuf 'Afifi commanding the 19th Infantry Division east of the canal, reinforced the city with an ATGM company and a tank-hunting team. On its way to Suez, the company had expended its missiles in an engagement with Israeli tanks, destroying more than nine tanks. This left Egyptian forces in the city with a small number of RPG-7 weapons and RPG-43 grenades.
Prelude.
At 2:00 AM, General Shmuel Gonen called Adan and asked him if he could capture Suez in the two to two and half hours between dawn and the ceasefire. Adan answered that it depended on the Egyptian defenses in the town, but that he thought that at least part of the town can be taken. Gonen said: "Okay, if it's Beersheba, go ahead; if it's Stalingrad, don't do it!", referring to Operation Yoav and the Battle of Stalingrad, respectively. Adan gave his orders accordingly. Israel argued that the attack would not be a violation of the ceasefire if it was launched before 7:00 AM, even if the battle continued after that hour, since the Arabs were the ones who chose when to start the war and when to call for a ceasefire. Israel also claimed that the ceasefire did not apply to "mopping up" operations that were altering the rear areas and not the front line. Intelligence knew of a commando battalion, two infantry battalions and an antitank missile company. Since Egyptian soldiers had been mostly surrendering during the previous two days, Adan assumed the defenders of Suez would not resist.
An armored brigade, under the command of Colonel Aryeh Keren, had set up its headquarters west of Suez. Keren was in charge of the attack and ordered Yossi Yoffe to lead the attack with his reserve paratroopers using nine captured Soviet APCs, and drive up the main street of the town. He said the confidence based on which he was being sent was groundless. He said he had only one small map and had seen no air photos and asked for time to draw a plan. Adan pressured Keren to capture Suez before the arrival of the observers, and Keren told Yoffe that "in the armored corps, we take our orders while we're on the move", and gave thirty minutes to organize. A tank battalion, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Nahum Zaken was to lead the attack with its own infantry detachment, while Yoffe was to follow and leave platoons to secure the intersections.
Battle.
Ambush.
At 10:50 Zaken's column, stretched for over a mile, started moving up the main street, an extension of the Cairo-Suez highway. His battalion was divided into three groups, each containing eight tanks, each tank followed by an APC or halftrack. Zaken had three miles to go before reaching a large square on the bank of the Gulf of Suez. Along the way, he saw Egyptian soldiers, mostly unarmed, and some of them raised their hands in surrender when they saw the Israeli column. All the Israeli tank and APC commanders were standing in their turrets.
Meeting no resistance, the column reached the second intersection at the Al-Arba'een square. A member of the militia, Mahmoud 'Awad, fired two RPG rounds at the lead tank. One round caused superficial damage, and the other missed. Further ahead, the militia had set up another ambush. Ibrahim Suleiman, positioned in a hideout between Cinema Royal and Cinema Egypt, heard the explosions, and asked his comrade, Mohamed Sarhan, to prepare an RPG round. At a range of 12 meters, Suleiman fired his RPG, hitting the turret ring. The tank blew up, and its cannon tilted to the ground. Moments later, Sarhan fired an RPG round against the APC trailing the lead tank. The APC, carrying paratroopers inside, caught fire. At this point, masses of civilians and soldiers began moving towards the square from the adjacent buildings and from roads leading to the square. The column came to a halt, and began receiving heavy small arms fire, also coming under attack by hand grenades. Within minutes, twenty out of the twenty-four Israeli tank commanders were hit. The Israelis panicked, and began disembarking their vehicles and taking cover in nearby buildings. One group of soldiers tried to enter Cinema Royal, but were repulsed at the entrance. One of the APCs that were hit was carrying the brigade's intelligence group. The group abandoned the APC, and all nine men entered a nearby building, where they were presumably killed. The remainder of the battalion turned around to retreat, which was disorderly. The retreating forces came under attack by small arms, grenades and Molotov cocktails. Four tanks came up behind Sidi Al-Arba'een Mosque, but were ambushed by soldiers from the 19th Division, forcing the tanks to retreat.
Zaken, in the second tank, tried to reach his company commanders on the radio, but got no reply. He called the crewmen and told and learned that many of the commanders were either dead or wounded. He told them to keep moving to get out of the ambush and fire all weapons. The battalion made it to the square at the end of the streets and lined up facing the sources of fire. One tank commander Captain Menashe Goldblatt, who had been hit in the shoulder and lost his consciousness, recovered and was asked by Zaken to go from tank to tank and talk to the crews. He found that many of the commanders were either dead or wounded, and that many of the men were in shock. He appointed gunners and loaders as tank commanders, assigned them fire sectors and told them to switch their radio frequency from the company frequency to the battalion frequency so that they could speak directly to Zaken. One tank commander was not wounded but refused to take his head out of the turret and Goldblatt warned him that he would personally fire a shell at him if he didn't start functioning.
The casualties were transferred to an APC which surprised the Egyptians as it drove back up the main street, and managed to make it through. The APC crew left the casualties at an aid station and tried to drive back and rejoin the battalion. Halfway through the APC was hit by an RPG, which killed one man and wounded almost all the others, but the driver managed to get out of the city again. A second APC carrying dead and wounded tried to make a dash out of the city and was stopped by heavy fire, but the driver heard on the radio that the paratroopers were on their way.
Trap.
The paratroopers started going down the avenue and came under fire. They could not distinguish where the enemy fire was coming from. Yoffe's APC was hit by an RPG, killing four of his men and wounding him as well as others. The vehicles pulled over and the soldiers took cover in adjacent buildings, most of them entering Al-Arba'een Police Station, a two-story building surrounded by a tall brick wall. In a very brief firefight the paratroopers wounded two and captured eight policemen. Ten minutes later the second floor was cleared. Lieutenant David Amit, the ranking unwounded officer, organized the defenses of the fifty paratroopers inside. He posted men at windows and behind the brick wall in the front of the building to block the entrance. A room was used as an aid station. Five men positioned themselves on the roof an adjacent building and began firing on the surrounding Egyptians. The policemen launched two attempts to break into the police station and rescue those held inside. In one of the attempts, the Egyptians broke into the building from a side entrance and advanced toward the aid station, and the battalion doctor and his medics opened fire on them. Yoffe's leg had been badly ripped but he refused morphine in order to stay alert. When the Egyptian fire stopped, he told his men that the Egyptians are preparing for an attack. The building was then attacked by RPGs and grenades, and the second floor caught fire. Yoffe told the doctor that it's time to burn the maps and papers that might help the Egyptian intelligence. Having lost much blood, he kept losing consciousness. The fire was eventually doused and the attack repulsed. Both attempts failed had cost the Egyptians another eight policemen killed.
Outside the police station, both sides were still firing on each other. A few wounded Israelis who were unable to take cover in the nearby buildings lay stranded on the streets. The Egyptians concentrated their fire against the paratroopers in the building. The Israelis decided to release a police officer to inform the Egyptians of their desire to surrender, provided the Egyptians guaranteed they will not be harmed. The police officer left the building and told Sarhan that the Israelis wanted to surrender. Sarhan took the officer to Colonel Fathy 'Abbas, head of intelligence in the southern sector of the canal. 'Abbas met both men before noon that day, and was enthusiastic to accept the Israeli surrender and end the fighting, especially considering the potential intelligence gains. 'Abbas asked both men to go back to the police station and negotiate terms of surrender with the Israelis. They were unable to enter the building however, as the shooting would not stop and there was no overall commander in control of the militia surrounding the police station. The police officer, an old man, lost his nerve and would not come near the building. Consequently no negotiations took place and there would be no Israeli surrender.
The armored forces made several failed attempts to break through to the building. When one force approached, they threw furniture out the window to signal their location, but the vehicles' hatches were closed and drove pass the building, all the while under small arms fire. The armored force noticed another paratroop group, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Yaakov Hisdai, with eighty men, most of them wounded, which followed Yoffe's battalion. All but sixty men were rescued.
At around 4:00 pm, Ibrahim Suleiman and three others tried to break into the building. Suleiman went around the building and climbed a pole, hoping to take the Israelis by surprise. However, he was spotted and killed. Two others were killed while trying to break in from the front, after coming under massive fire from the paratroopers in the second floor. A few Egyptians climbed up to the rooftop adjacent to the police station where five paratroopers positioned themselves. The rooftop was cleared and all five Israelis were killed after vicious close quarter combat involving hand-to-hand fighting.
Mahmoud 'Awad, fearing the Israelis might try to recover their abandoned armor, resolved to completely destroy the fifteen tanks and APCs, all damaged or destroyed, that lined the streets leading to the square. At midnight, he poured considerable amounts of gasoline on them and set them on fire.
Escape.
As darkness fell, Adan ordered the armored forces out of the city. They were evacuated along the gulf shore, which had been cleared. Adan learned that another force was also meeting stiff resistance in the green belt north of the town, and could spare only one battalion, in addition to another battalion from near Shalufa. Zaken's battalion had eighteen men killed, thirty-five wounded and three disabled tanks which were abandoned. Adan ordered the paratroopers to get out of the city on foot. Hisdai and Keren spoke in the Hebrew equivalent of pig latin to confuse the Egyptians, and Hisdai asked to have tank projectors beam lights toward the sky to indicate the location of the nearest Israeli unit. He checked the route and returned to lead his troops out.
Yoffe's troops were over two miles into the city and after dark others also joined him in the police station, totaling ninety men, twenty-three of them wounded. They made several dashes to their vehicles to bring ammunition, medical supplies and water. Keren tried to convince Amit to lead the men out, but Amit preferred to wait until morning. Eventually, he agreed to send the men in small groups. Keren objected, saying that they must move in one group in order to be able to carry the wounded and defend themselves if attacked. Hisdai also asked Amit to move. Gonen also spoke to Amit and, having heard his explanation, told Keren to make a rescue attempt in the morning. Keren called Adan, who called Gonen and told him that a rescue attempt would be too costly. Gonen then called Amit back and told him to leave on foot. The exchange went on for four hours. After Amit was convinced, Gonen found the location on an enlarged air photo of Suez and planned an artillery box in the center of which Amit could move. He asked Amit to take out a pen and paper, looked at the air photo and dictated to him the route out. Halfway through, Amit stopped writing, deciding that the route would be tough even by day and with a map, and that the area south of the building, through which Gonen's route was to pass, was filled with Egyptian troops. Despite that, he kept answering "Yes sir", and asked for artillery bombardment around the police station, although not in the rest of the city, where Amit preferred to move quietly. He organized his men into squads so that each squad would carry three wounded men. The squads were ordered to keep distance but not lose eye contact. As they were getting ready to move, lookouts reported activity in the nearby buildings and said Egyptian troops had taken positions down the street. Amit ordered all his men back into the building.
The paratroopers concluded that they would not be rescued, and that the Egyptians would not take prisoners. Some of them contemplated committing suicide before the Egyptians break in. At 2:00 AM, Gonen called, asked for Amit, and ordered him "Move out. Report implementation in ten minutes. Out". Amit woke Yoffe up and Yoffe agreed that moving out would be the best solution. Yoffe got up and tried to make a few steps before saying "I can't walk". Other wounded men got up to see if they can. Amit ordered his men out. two of whom had to be carried out on stretchers, and some had to be supported by others. They came out under artillery cover, with the leading squad not carrying any wounded. They did not follow Gonen's route, instead opting to go north across the broad avenue and then turn left on a parallel side street. They could not move quietly because of broken glass and other debris. Egyptian soldiers passed by several times, occasionally passing through gaps in the column, but did not challenge them, perhaps believing they were Egyptians. After almost two hours, they reached the Sweetwater Canal, outside the area under Egyptian control. They followed its inner face toward a vehicular bridge marked on the map, but a few score yards before it they reached a railroad bridge, which did not appear on the map. They could hear that the vehicular bridge was guarded by Egyptians, but the railroad bridge was not and they crossed it. Shortly before dawn, they reached Keren's force outside the city.
Aftermath.
The IDF casualties in the battle were 80 dead and 120 wounded. Israel made two more probes into Suez, one on the 25th and one on the 28th, but both were repulsed. On the 28th the UN observers were taking positions west of Suez. The Egyptian Chief of Staff, Saad El Shazly, noted that on October 27, the Israelis refused to let the UN Emergency Force contingent into Suez, and also blocked an Egyptian column of 109 trucks and 20 ambulances. The battle of Suez was the last major battle of the war. When the ceasefire came into effect on October 24, two divisions under the command of Adan and Magen were sealing off the Third Army. The IDF was also holding a corridor on the east bank of the Suez Canal, with three bridges across it, and occupying an area of 1,600 square kilometers inside Egypt as far south as Adabia. On October 28, Israel accepted the ceasefire.

</doc>
<doc id="20876461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876461" title="Zaboršt, Domžale">
Zaboršt, Domžale

Zaboršt is a settlement on the left bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River on the outskirts of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20876480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876480" title="Ponnuthurai Sivakumaran">
Ponnuthurai Sivakumaran

Ponnuthurai Sivakumaran (1950–1974), also known as Sivakumaran or Urumpirai Sivakumaran, was from Urumpirai, Sri Lanka.
He was one of the early militant of the Tamil Eelam struggle. He was a progressive man with reformist ideas for the Tamils. He held Alfred Duraiappah Jaffna Mayor, responsible for the after 1974 Tamil conference deaths. He was looking for an opportunity to assassinate Duraiappah.
However on June 5, 1974 he was surrounded by the Sri Lankan Police. Fearing torture he swallowed cyanide and killed himself. Hence was born the cyanide culture in the Tamil militancy. It is claimed Sivakumaran is the first Tamil militant to die for the cause. During the early days Sivakumaran associated with Nadarajah Thangathurai, but later he formed his own group by the name Sivakumaran's Group.
See below list for other early days Tamil militants.
'"History
Ponnuthurai Sivakumaran (1950–1974), also known as Sivakumaran or Urumpirai Sivakumaran, was from Urumpirai, Jaffna, Sri Lanka. He was one of the pioneers of the Tamil Eelam struggle. He held Alfred Duraiappah, the then Jaffna Mayor, responsible for the 1974 Tamil conference deaths. He was looking for an opportunity to assassinate Duraiappah.
Sivakumaran was the third son of Ponnuthurai-Annaledchumi couple who were the residents of Urumpirai. His mother had great passion for the Tamil language and Tamil community. Accepting the leadership of "Thanthai Selva" she became an active member of Thamil Arasu Kadchi (Federal Party) and Tamil United Liberation Front (TULF) and made great contributions during the various forms of freedom fight for the rights of Tamil community. 
Mrs.Annaledchumy, mother of five, was responsible for instilling the feeling of national and self respect in her third son, the great hero Pon.Sivakumaran, who was the first to lose his life for Tamil freedom fight. When Sivakumaran was involved in Tamil Eelam freedom struggle she was the active force behind him. She provided great help to him during his activities involving use of arms and has the honour of molding him to lead the path for freedom fight.
The death of nine spectators during the closing ceremony of the Fourth International Tamil Research Conference ended all the efforts Sirimavo Bandaranaike government had been making in 1973 to pacify the Tamil United Front. The deaths hurt the hearts and wounded the feelings of the Tamil people in general and youths in particular.
Militant youths decided to take revenge and they selected Jaffna Mayor and SLFP Jaffna Organizer Alfred Duraiappah as the target. Duraiappah was close to Posts and Telecommunications Minister Chelliah Kumarasuriyar who had played a role in hindering the holding of the conference in Jaffna. Duraiappah aided him and was responsible for the non-availability of the Duraiappah Stadium for the closing ceremony of the conference.
Two militant group leaders, independent of each other, decided to assassinate Duraiappah. One of them was Sivakumaran, son of Ponnuthurai and Annaledchumi of Urumpirai, a village famed for Tamil militancy. The other was Pirapaharan, then 19. 
Sivakumaran considered the police firing at the conference a personal affront. He was a leading member of the Volunteer Force, raised to assist the conduct of the conference of reputed Tamil scholars worldwide. For Pirapaharan, who was in Tamil Nadu when the conference took place, the ugly disruption of the conference and its ill-fated ending was an outrage of the Tamil culture, Tamil pride.
Sivakumaran, born into the family of a passionate Federal Party supporters, had his early schooling at Urumpirai Hindu College and his GCE Advanced Level studies at Jaffna Hindu College. He joined Kokkuvil Junior Technical College for his professional education, but dropped out in two months due to his militant activities. He joined the Tamil Students Union (TSU) in 1971, a year after its formation, but had taken to political violence the previous year when he placed a time bomb in Deputy Minister Somaweera Chandrasiri`s car. Then in 1971 he threw a hand bomb at Duraiappah`s car.
His colleagues and acquaintances speak of him with affection. Mavai Senathirajah, who is one of the MPs and a prominent member of Tamil National Alliance(TNA) speaks about him.
He was a very sensitive person. He always spoke about armed struggle. He argued that Federal Party should play the role of an independence movement and it should form an armed wing to carry on an armed struggle.
Sivakumaran`s model for the independence struggle was Bangladesh. There, Mujibur Rehman`s Awamy League took forward the independence struggle and armed groups the armed struggle. Rudhramoorthy Cheran says
He would discuss the need for an armed struggle all through the night, how it should be conducted and the relationship that needed to be built between the political and armed wings.
Sivakumaran teamed up with the Thangathurai- Kuttimani group for some time, but broke away and set up his own group, known as the Sivakumaran group. He was arrested in February 1972 for throwing the hand bomb at Duraiappah`s car parked along First Cross Street. Duraiappah had walked up to the Jaffna Rest House and was having tea with Jaffna Magistrate Colin Mendis when Sivakumaran threw the bomb. The car was extensively damaged.
Sivakumaran was charged before the Jaffna magistrate, but C. Suntharalingam, his lawyer, objected to the case being heard by the Jaffna magistrate, who was a close friend of Duraiappah. The case was transferred to the Mallakam magistrate who turned down the bail application saying that he had no authority to grant bail in such cases. 
Sivakumaran was released after some months due to lack of evidence. He was tortured during the investigation. It was unbearable, he later told his colleagues. He told them that he had decided not to get caught by the police again.
I would rather die than get caught. It is better to die than betray your colleagues or movement to the police.
Mavai Senathirajah, who was also arrested in 1973, confirmed the severity of the torture.
Torture was very severe, unbearable. One night I was taken to an open ground and was beaten till I fainted. The torture team thought I was dead and left me there and went away. I was picked up by an army patrol.
Sivakumaran found a way to escape police torture. He decided that it was better to commit suicide. He decided to carry with him a capsule of instant-killing poison cyanide. Sivakumaran thus originated the cyanide suicide culture.
Sivakumaran played a leading role in the Tamil Research Conference Volunteer Corps. He helped decorate Jaffna city and turn it into a cultural park in just three days. His contemporaries say he was sullen after Tamil Research Conference killings. He was itching for revenge. He told his friends that he would take revenge on two persons- Duraiappah and police officer Chandrasekera. 
His friends recall him vowing "These rascals who caused the death of nine innocent people should not go unpunished". 
However on June 5, 1974 he was surrounded by the Sri Lankan Police. Fearing torture he swallowed cyanide and killed himself. Hence was born the cyanide culture in the Tamil militancy. It is claimed Sivakumaran is the first Tamil militant to die for the cause. 

</doc>
<doc id="20876491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876491" title="Zagorica pri Rovah">
Zagorica pri Rovah

Zagorica pri Rovah () is a small village east of Radomlje in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Zagorica" to "Zagorica pri Rovah" in 1955. In the 19th century the German name was "Sagoritz".

</doc>
<doc id="20876499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876499" title="University of Health Sciences">
University of Health Sciences

University of Health Services may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20876502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876502" title="Scott White (politician)">
Scott White (politician)

Scott Benton White (June 8, 1970 – October 21, 2011) was a Democratic member of the Washington State Senate, representing the 46th legislative district. His district included much of North Seattle, including the neighborhoods of Northgate, Greenwood, Bitter Lake, Broadview, Haller Lake, Pinehurst, Olympic Hills, Maple Leaf, Lake City, Wedgwood, View Ridge, Laurelhurst, and Windermere.
On October 21, 2011, Senator White was found dead in a hotel room at Suncadia Resort. The coroner's report indicated that the cause was a cardiac problem linked to a previously undiagnosed enlarged heart.
During the 2011–2012 term, White's assignments in the Senate would have included serving in leadership as Majority Whip, as Vice Chair of the Transportation Committee, and serving on the Higher Education and Rules Committees.
White served in a variety of professional and community leadership positions before being elected to the legislature. He is a former Chief of Staff to the Metropolitan King County Council, and he has served as budget and policy staff in both the Washington State Legislature and King County government. White has taught graduate-level courses in public policy at the Daniel J. Evans School of Public Affairs at the University of Washington. In 2004 he was selected as a Marshall Fellow by the German Marshall Fund of the United States. White has served on the board of Humanities Washington, the Public Policy Committee of the United Way of King County, and is an award winning grassroots organizer with the Democratic Party.
A fourth generation Washingtonian, White lived in the Wedgwood neighborhood of North Seattle with his wife, Alison Carl White, and two young children.

</doc>
<doc id="20876513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876513" title="Humboldt Creamery">
Humboldt Creamery

Humboldt Creamery was formerly an agricultural marketing cooperative located on the California North Coast currently owned by Foster Farms Dairy of Modesto, California. 
History.
Established in 1929 as a local association of 152 dairy farms, until 2009 the creamery production was entirely based on 50 relatively small family dairies located on coastal lands of Humboldt and Del Norte Counties. It was one of only two dairy operations in the United States to have "free-farmed" certification, a designation related to the extraordinary quality of life attributed to cows who live in pastures. While most of the massive dairy operations in the Central Valley have grain fed cows, this coastal operation could boast that their cows ate fresh green grass nine months a year, causing them to live twice as long and produce significantly more butterfat.
The co-op produced as much as 10 million gallons of ice cream annually in addition to milk, butter, cheese, and other products under its own label and a variety of other labels, and was the sole producer of Costco premium ice cream. This contract and purchases in 2004 of several other ice cream companies made it one of the largest ice cream producers in the western United States. The co-op originally provided fresh milk for local markets, and converted production in excess of local demand to butter and powdered milk for export. Production shifted from butter to ice cream when butter prices dropped following collapse of the Soviet Union. The organic label and related regional success helped the company prepare to go national in marketing at the end of 2008 at which time it was owned 75 percent by local farmers and 25 percent by Dairy Farmers of America.
Financial problems came to light after the abrupt resignation of 12-year veteran CEO Rich Ghilarducci on February 20, 2009. Bankruptcy was filed two months later, resulting in the sale of assets of the Humboldt Creamery at auction on August 27, 2009, to Foster Farms Dairy for $19.25 million. The former CEO pled guilty to changing the values of the Creamery's receivables and payables for three years between 2005 and 2008. He was sentenced to 30 months in Federal prison and ordered to pay $7 million resitution for a "single count of making false statements to an agricultural credit bank". 
The bankruptcy proceedings and sale resulted in many changes for the company. Primary storage and production facilities remained at the original site in Fernbridge, California and frozen products were still based in a Stockton, California facility. However, under order of the Santa Rosa bankruptcy court, a more recently acquired facility in Los Angeles and older property located in Loleta, California were divided off for separate sale. The operation and all of its products had always been free of synthetic or added rbST hormone.

</doc>
<doc id="20876528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876528" title="Robert Bradbury">
Robert Bradbury

Robert Bradbury may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20876532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876532" title="Bayern Kurve">
Bayern Kurve

The Bayern Kurve is an amusement park and carnival ride made in both a portable and park model that debuted in 1965 and was invented by Anton Schwarzkopf, a legendary German engineer of amusement rides. During the ride, riders sit in one of the sixteen bobsled-themed cars that travel at a high-speed around a circular single-hilled track. Riders start in an upright position and as the cars pick up speed, they tilt inward toward the center of the ride. This ride is also known for its loud horn which is similar to that of a diesel train engine that blasts its loud roar when the ride reaches maximum speed. Also akin to a train, the seamed track creates the same rail "click-clack" railway sound, particularly at the lower section of track in the front. Additionally, the ride has a distinct whine that increases with speed due to its tire/blade drive. 
Appearance.
Although Bayern Kurves have been known to be re-themed on occasion, they are famous for their original Olympic bobsled appearance. The ride has a backdrop painted to look like mountain scenery with spectators looking down at the track. Originally there was a strip of lights running beneath the spectators. There is a lighted sign that reads "Bayern Kurve" and flashing sun mounted above the mountains and sometimes there are chasing lights added to edge the tops of the mountains. There are lighted Olympic rings mounted on the mountains below the track with a wooden bobsled figure on each side of the rings. The sixteen cars were each built with headlights and in some cases, the front of each car had the flag of a different nation painted on the front. The loading platform is surrounded by a railing with the Olympic rings in it and has a lighted, scalloped awning above it in parts. Also, there are lighted trees on poles in the loading platform. As mentioned above, this ride has been re-themed on numerous occasions and certain features are occasionally added or removed.
Installations.
The following are some examples of Bayern Kurve rides known to be operating: 
The following are examples of Bayern Kurve rides that have been removed and is SBNO:
References.
The Flat Joint
Joyrides
Nojespark.net
Kennywood
Photos of Wizards Fury at Australia's Wonderland

</doc>
<doc id="20876547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876547" title="Camp Dodge">
Camp Dodge

Camp Dodge is a military installation in the city of Johnston, Iowa. Centrally located near the capitol of Iowa, it currently serves as the headquarters of the Iowa National Guard. Original construction of the post began in 1907, to provide a place for the National Guard units to train. In 1917, the installation was handed over to national authorities and greatly expanded to become a regional training center for forces to participate in the First World War.
In June 1917, the 163rd Depot Brigade was formed at Camp Dodge. The brigade was the base unit for the 88th Division, which processed new draftees and provided basic training. Later it appears the brigade despatched soldiers to multiple divisions, as two African American soldiers were sent to the 163rd Depot Brigade at Camp Dodge, before being posted to a front-line Pioneer Infantry Battalion in 92nd Division, the "Buffalo Soldiers Division". The 163 Bgde was still at Dodge in April 1918.
Upon the end of the war, the post was downsized and turned back over to state authorities. Similarly, with the outbreak of Second World War, Camp Dodge was again handed over to the federal government; however, this time the post was used only as an induction center for new service members. Camp Dodge has served as a Guard and Reserve installation since the end of the Second World War.
The name Camp Dodge comes from Brigadier General Grenville M. Dodge, who organized Iowa's first National Guard unit in 1856. Although not a native-born Iowan, he became a well-known figure and resided within the state for most of his adult life. He is considered a War hero for his service and also served a term as a U.S. Congressman representing the state.
Along with the numerous National Guard units located at Camp Dodge, the post is also home to the National Maintenance Training Center, Joint Forces Headquarters, Iowa's emergency operations center, a MEPS installation, and the State Police academy. The camp is the home of the Iowa Gold Star Military Museum, a member of the Army Museum System.

</doc>
<doc id="20876558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876558" title="Eberhard von Boremski">
Eberhard von Boremski

Eberhard von Boremski (24 September 1914 – 16 December 1963) was a "Luftwaffe" flying ace of World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Von Boremski was credited with 104 aerial victories—that is, 104 aerial combat encounters resulting in the destruction of the enemy aircraft—claimed in roughly 630 combat missions. He was killed in an accident in Hamburg on 16 December 1963.
Career.
Von Boremski was born 24 September 1914 in Conow, Pomerania. He joined the Luftwaffe in 1939 and served initially in 5 "Staffel", "Trägergruppe 186", which became II./Jagdgeschwader 77 (JG 77—77th Fighter Wing). On 1 March 1940, holding the rank of "Unteroffizier" (corporal), he was transferred to the 7th "Staffel", Jagdgeschwader 3 (JG 3—3rd Fighter Wing). He claimed his first aerial victories on 13 June 1940 when he shot down two French Potez 63 bombers. Von Boremski shot down the Bristol Blenheim bomber "T1794" of No. 139 Squadron RAF on 24 September 1940. The Blenheim was on a mission against E-boats and fell into the English Channel. Squadron Leader M. F. Hendry, Sergeant P. M. Davidson and Sergeant V. Arrowsmith were killed in action.
By the start of Operation Barbarossa, the German invasion of the Soviet Union on 22 June 1941, Von Boremski had accumulated four aerial victories claimed in 120 combat missions. Over the Soviet Union in 1941, von Boremski scored heavily, and was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for achieving 43 victories in May 1942. After serving as an instructor in mid 1942, he returned to JG 3. In February 1943 he was made "Staffelkapitän" (squadron leader), 7./JG 3, serving in this role until May 1943, when he was wounded. In early 1944 he was made commanding officer of "Deutsch-Königlich Rumänischen Jagdverband/Luftflotte 4" before moving to command of 12./JG 3 until April 1944, when he was again wounded.
From September 1944 to November 1944 von Boremski led 1./"Jagdgruppe Ost" and then 9./"Ergänzungs-Jagdgeschwader 1". By the end of the war, von Boremski had been credited with 104 victories, with all but four of his victories claimed over the Soviet Air Forces in about 630 combat missions.
After the German surrender, von Boremski was handed over by U.S. troops in Czechoslovakia to the Soviet armed forces, and he remained a Prisoner of War until 1955. He died in a flying accident in Hamburg in December 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20876570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876570" title="Othmar Pferschy">
Othmar Pferschy

Othmar Pferschy (October 16, 1898 - April 7, 1984) was a photographer. He was born in Graz, Austria and died in Munich, Germany. He worked primarily in Turkey; his daughter bequeathed his entire archive to the Istanbul Modern. Pferschy began as a well-paid assistant to renowned Romanian Jewish photographer Jean Weinberg, who hired him in 1926, before opening his own Istanbul studio in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="20876579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876579" title="The Beggar's Benison">
The Beggar's Benison

The Most Ancient and Most Puissant Order of the Beggar's Benison and Merryland, Anstruther, better known simply as The Beggar's Benison, was a Scottish gentlemen's club devoted to "the convivial celebration of male sexuality". It was founded in 1732 in the town of Anstruther on the Firth of Forth and is often mentioned in descriptions of the libertine culture of 18th century Britain.
Name.
The full title of the club is "The Most Ancient and Most Puissant Order of the Beggar's Benison and Merryland, Anstruther", where the word 'Merryland' is a euphemism for the female body - used often in contemporary erotic literature. The word 'benison' means 'blessing' and, according to the founders, the club's name came from a story about King James V, "The Gude-man of Ballangeich", who: "in the disguise of a bagpiper, was journeying to the East Neuk of Fife. Failing to cross the Dreel Burn, in spate, a buxom gaberlunzie lass came to the rescue, tucked up her petticoats, and elevated her Sovereign across her hurdies to the opposite bank. Enamoured with the high favour, his Majesty in return gave the damsel her "fairin"' for which "the gude-man" got her "benison"!" The woman blessed him with the words "May your purse ne'er be toom and your horn aye [always in bloom". The club's motto thus became, "May prick nor purse ne'er fail you".
Activity.
The club was formed in 1732 but only formally established in 1739. It existed until 1836. The club's members, drawn from the upper classes of society, dined and drank together, exchanging obscene songs and toasts. Much of their discussion revolved around sex and there were often lectures on sex and anatomy. The club had a stock of pornography and there were also sometimes naked "posture girls" for the members to look at. They also are thought to have indulged in rituals of collective masturbation, which formed part of the initiation ceremony.
During the initiation ceremony, a new member was "prepared" by the Recorder and two helpers in 
"a closet, by causing him to propel his Penis until full erection. When thus ready he was escorted with four puffs of the Breath-Horn before the Brethren or Knighthood, and was ordered by the Sovereign to place his Genitals upon the Testing Platter, which was covered with a folded white napkin. The Members and Knights two and two came round in a state of erection and touched the Novice Penis to Penis. Thereafter the special Glass, with the Society's Insignia thereon and Medal attached, was filled with Port Wine, when the new Brother's health was heartily and humorously drunk, he was told to select an amorous Passage from the Song of Solomon and to read it aloud."
A sample entry from the club's records shows a typical meeting:
"1737. St. Andrew's Day. 24 met, 3 tested and enrolled. All frigged. The Dr. expatiated. Two nymphs girls, 18 and 19, exhibited as heretofore. Rules were submitted by Mr. Lumsdaine for future adoption. Fanny Hill was read. Tempest. Broke up at 3 o'clock a.m."
The club opened a chapter in Edinburgh in 1766. A newspaper advert from 1773 has also been identified, advertising a meeting in Manchester, England. A chapter was even mooted for St Petersburg, Russia, but it is unknown if it actually met.
Notable members.
The club's founding members included some of the most influential people in the area surrounding Anstruther, including
Later members included: 
Amongst honorary members was the balloonist Vincenzo Lunardi.
Legacy.
The club was dissolved in 1836; some of its papers and relics were retained by one of the last members, Matthew Foster Connolly, burgh clerk of Anstruther Easter and Wester, who left them to his son-in-law the Reverend Dr J.F.S. Gordon. The remaining club money was bequeathed to fund prizes for girls at school in East Anstruther. In 1892 an unknown author published "Records of the Most Ancient and Puissant Order of the Beggar's Benison and Merryland, Anstruther" with photographs of many of the relics. This work was reprinted in 1982 in the "Gems of British Social History Series". There was an attempt by army officer Maxwell Robert Canch Kavanagh to revive the club in 1921. Most of the relics of the club, including objects with phallic decorations, are now held in the Beggar's Benison and Wig Club collection of the University of St Andrews. In 2002 David Stevenson, emeritus professor of history at the University of St Andrews, published a scholarly book on the Beggar's Benison.

</doc>
<doc id="20876594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876594" title="RNLB Henry Blogg (ON 840)">
RNLB Henry Blogg (ON 840)

RNLB "Henry Blogg" (ON 840) was the eighteenth lifeboat to be stationed at Cromer in the county of Norfolk.
ON 840 was stationed at Cromer from 1945 until 1966.
History.
In 1945 after 10 years service which included busy service through the second world war "H F Bailey" ON777 was replaced with a new No 1 lifeboat in December 1945. The new lifeboat had the number ON 840 and had the name "The Millie Walton". This lifeboat had originally been destined for Douglas on the Isle of man and had only been sent to Cromer for evaluation. The "Millie Walton" was a Watson class lifeboat but had a new midship steering position which the Cromer crew found much to their liking and so after request from the Cromer crew, she remained at Cromer. In 1948 the "Millie Watson" was officially renamed The "Henry Blogg" in homage to Cromer’s famous lifeboat man Henry Blogg who was the Coxswain. Henry Blogg made his last voyage on the "Millie Walton" under the new coxswain Henry "Shrimp" Davies on 4 September 1948 when he had then reached the age of 71. The call was to the rescue of the steam trawler "Balmoral" and 11 lives were saved. Henry Blogg retired after 53 years service with the service and he was the holder of the most awards by the RNLI.
Notable rescues.
Francois Tixier.
In heavy seas on 8 July 1948 a French steamer by the name of "Francois Tixier" Bound from Goole to the French inland port of Rouen, got into difficulties of the north Norfolk coast four miles (6 km) off Sheringham. The steamer was laden with a cargo of coal and in worsening gale she capsized. With the Sheringham lifeboat undergoing a refit at Oulton Broad, "Henry Blogg" was launched to the steamers aid and stood by. With the "Francois Tixier" heavily listing on the port the lifeboat went alongside but the captain and his crew refused to leave the stricken vessel. Despite the attempts by the crew to secure the cargo, it shifted further to port. With their failed attempts to steady the vessel the captain and crew agreed to leave their ship. One crew man jumped into the water and was rescued; another reached the lifeboat by rope passed between the boats. Using a Breeches buoy, eight more of the crew were rescued. After the eleventh crew man was rescued using the breeches buoy the stricken steamer rolled over and settled down under the sea. The last five remaining crew scrambled on to the stern and as the steamer slipped below the waves they scrambled on to a raft and were picked up by the lifeboat shortly after. The sixteen rescued French seaman were landed at Great Yarmouth by the Henry Blogg. In recognition of their efforts Coxswain Davies and his crew were presented with awards by the French Government.
Sheringham Lifeboat Forester Centenary.
On 31 May 1958 "Henry Blogg" took part in an unusual rescue when she was called to aid the Sheringham Lifeboat "Forester Centenary". This service began with a call at 9.50am to the Sheringham honorary secretary from the Trinity House Superintendent of Great Yarmouth requesting that a sick man be taken off the Dudgeon Light-vessel. At 10.15am the Sheringham lifeboat "Forester Centenary" was launched with a doctor on board and she reached the light-vessel by 1.10pm. The doctor went aboard the light-vessel and dispensed a sedative to the sick man and he was then strapped to a stretcher and transferred to the "Forester Centenary". The lifeboat then set off on the return journey to her station. Nine miles north east from home at around 4.40pm the "Forester Centenary" was in trouble when her skew gear which drives the lifeboat's oil and water pumps broke down. Henry Blogg was called out and had to take the Sheringham lifeboat in to tow. Both boats arrived back at the Sheringham station at 7.00pm and the sick man was taken to Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="20876607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876607" title="Avril (Frédéric Magnon)">
Avril (Frédéric Magnon)

Fred Avril, aka Avril / Frédéric Magnon (4 December 1974) is a French electronic musician and film composer.
As a singer/songwriter/producer/ multi-instrumentalist, Fred Avril has been majorly influenced by film scoring over the years. After earning international praise for his two albums, one of which earned him the prestigious Prix Constantin Prize (the French equivalent of the Mercury Prize), and receiving comments like: "Best beats since Kraftwerk", new adventures awaited him.
He got his start in film music thanks to an invitation from Xavier Jamaux to work with him in his studio. Johnnie To, who asked the Frenchman to handle the "Mad Detective" soundtrack, was delighted with Avril's work, perceiving in it exactly what he was seeking for the score of his upcoming quasi-musical "Sparrow". A year later, Sparrow's soundtrack was nominated at both the Hong Kong Film Awards and Golden Horse Awards, the film being a box-office hit in China. Impressed with the final scene (ten minutes of music, a ballet for pickpockets and umbrellas composed by Avril) Swedish Six Drummers, known for their online videos, asked him to bring musical life to their sonic experiments and create the score for "Sound of Noise", their first feature. Once again, the score was an essential component to the story featuring musicians rebelling against conformity who plot a "sonic bombing". The film received various prizes and the score won the Stockholm Music Award. Working closely with a director, defining a sound identity for each character, composing chords for a particular scene, shaping the sensations delivered on screen, have become a frantic yet riveting exercise and the blueprint for most of Avril's works.
French projects followed: "Les voies impénétrables" for Canal+, "Les amis à vendre" for Arte, or the heavy-hitter "Wrestling Queens" (La Petite Reine / Kare), where Avril got to work with an amazing team (singers Alice Lewis, Elsa Kopf, Brisa Roché, musicians Ben Symphonic Orchestra et Thibaut Barbillon, and mixing engineer Yann Arnaud). Brilliantly combining influences like Mancini and Morricone with more contemporary ones like Cliff Martinez (closer to his own albums) and The Polyphonic Spree ("Thumbsucker"), Avril skillfully fuses together different styles. 2013: Hollywood's calling, and Avril signs on to compose for the indie feature "The Lifeguard" with Kristen Bell, a Sundance sensation.
From vocal pop to classical arrangements, on a guitar or piano, switching smoothly from digital tools to charts, Avril is a complete "sound director". As a kid he enjoyed spending hours listening to "Fantastic Planet" OST (Alain Goraguer, 1973), and as a young adult he was exposed to the rich and vast world of film music through sampling, discovering Lalo Schifrin via Portishead, a little-known Quincy Jones soundtrack via Björk, etc. It only seems natural that he has come full-circle with this lifelong passion.
In December 2005, Avril's remix of British electronic pop band Temposhark's song "Invisible Ink" was released as b-side to the single "It's Better To Have Loved". A short edit of his remix called "Invisible Ink (Prelude)" was added to their debut album The Invisible Line in 2008 whilst the whole remix was later re-released on their mix album Remixes & Rarities.

</doc>
<doc id="20876612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876612" title="Christ III">
Christ III

Christ III is an anonymous Old English religious poem which forms the last part of "Christ", a poetic triad found at the beginning of the Exeter Book. "Christ III" is found on fols. 20b–32a and constitutes lines 867–1664 of "Christ" in Krapp and Dobbie's edition. The poem is concerned with the Second Coming of Christ ("parousia") and the Last Judgment. 

</doc>
<doc id="20876624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876624" title="Silk 700S">
Silk 700S

The Silk 700S was a British motorcycle made by Silk Engineering between 1975 and 1979 in Darley Abbey, Derbyshire, UK.
Development.
The Silk 700S was launched in 1975 and featured a new engine based on the two stroke engine from the Scott Flying Squirrel in a specially designed steel tubular frame made by Spondon of Derbyshire, who also made the forks. At a cost of £1355 it was more expensive than most other production motorcycles of the time. Right from the start the Silk 700S featured state of the art electronic ignition and had a power-to-weight ratio combined with excellent handling that enabled it to compete with some of the best road bikes of the time. Top speed was an impressive 110 mph. The bike did not have an electric start; the kick-starting technique took some practice.
The 700S continued to be developed at the Darley Abbey works in Derbyshire, along with the SPR Production Racing version. Production was slow, with just two motorcycles a week coming off the production line. Customers could select from five colour schemes - British Racing Green, metallic blue or green, black with gold coachlines or plain red. There was also a "Scott special edition" in purple and cream - and a special scheme similar to Silk Cut cigarettes, which were popular at the time.
As a precision engineering company, Silk were able to make the piston port twin cylinder engine in-house at their Derbyshire workshops. The pressed up, four roller bearing crank had the primary drive taken from the crankshaft centre, to an inverted Velocette Venom four-speed gearbox. The two stroke engine ran on a 50:1 petroil mix, with a separate oil tank reserved for main bearing lubrication fed by Silk's own design of oil pump. When the rider opened the throttle the oil flowed faster, ensuring best possible lubrication. The engine's claimed 48 bhp was developed at 6,000rpm, giving good touring performance, and peak torque was at 3,000rpm, comparable to the Suzuki GT750. Twin "siamese" exhaust pipes fed an Ossa silencer. The wheels on early models were 18 inch Borrani alloy rims, replaced with six spoke Campagnolo cast wheels on later Silks. The final drive chain was enclosed for longer life. The "thermo-syphon" cooling system boiled water using engine heat, then fed it back from the radiator in a rubber tube to the engine cases, where it boiled again, removing the need for a water pump. The radiators on the early models were either from Scotts or Velocette LE's. 
The Silk Engineering company was taken over by the Kendal based Furmanite International Group in 1976 who continued production of the Silk 700S and in 1977 it was upgraded to the 700S Mk2, which Silk called the "Sabre". Improvements from the Mk 1 included finned cylinder barrels, a redesigned seat, instruments and rear light nacelle. In 1978 the 100th Silk motorcycle was produced and production continued until December 1979 when Silk realised they were losing £200 with every motorcycle sold. In all, 138 Sabre's were sold.

</doc>
<doc id="20876627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876627" title="Greater Manchester Metrolink Limited">
Greater Manchester Metrolink Limited

Greater Manchester Metrolink Limited (GMML) was a private company formed by the GMA consortium (GEC Alsthom, John Mowlem plc and AMEC) in 1989 to design, build and operate the Metrolink light rail system in Greater Manchester, England. Construction of the Metrolink system began in March 1990.
The contract was awarded for 15 years subject to early termination should the network be extended. In 1997 contracts for extension were let to Altram (Manchester), a consortium of Ansaldo Transporti, Serco Investments Limited, Laing Civil Engineering and 3i. Serco Metrolink, a wholly owned subsidiary of Serco Limited, took over the operations and maintenance of the system on 26 May 1997. In March 2003, Serco Investments bought out its partners and Altram (Manchester) Limited became a wholly owned subsidiary of Serco.
In July 2007 the contract to operate Metrolink was awarded to Stagecoach Metrolink, a subsidiary of the Scottish transport company, Stagecoach Group plc. Unlike Serco, Stagecoach do not own the concession, merely operate it on a fixed-term management contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20876664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876664" title="Untraded shares">
Untraded shares

Untraded shares () or () refer to the shares of listed companies that are not allowed to be released by some of the investors within the lockup period. Since the split-share structure reform () was launched by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2005, some of the investors were not allowed to release their shares of the listed state-owned enterprises until the lockup period expired, so as to sustain the overall stock market. After the lockup period expires, the investors can choose to sell the shares and this may cause negative impacts to stock market from the selling pressure.

</doc>
<doc id="20876667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876667" title="Chrysomya albiceps">
Chrysomya albiceps

Chrysomya albiceps is a species belonging to the blow fly family, Calliphoridae. It is of great medical and sanitary importance, being associated with myiasis in Africa and America although it plays a more significant role as a predator of other dipteran larvae. The species is also of importance in forensic science and forensic entomology because it is the first insect to come in contact with carrion due to their ability to smell dead animal matter from up to ten miles (16 km) away. "C. albiceps" belongs to the same genus as the other myiasis-causing flies "Chrysomya bezziana" and "Chrysomya putoria".
Taxonomy.
"Chrysomya albiceps" is considered conspecific with "Chrysomya rufifacies" by some authorities.The two species have a similar biology and the morphological differences are slight (prostigmatic bristle present in" C. albiceps" absent in "C. rufifacies" (but not all "rufifacies" so this character is unreliable)).There are minor differences in larval morphology.The taxonomy of "C. rufifacies" is therefore not completely clear, and its relation to "C. albiceps" has not been fully determined.

</doc>
<doc id="20876673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876673" title="Communist Labor Party of North America">
Communist Labor Party of North America

The Communist Labor Party of North America (CLP), was formed in 1974 on the basis of a merger of the Communist League and the League of Revolutionary Black Workers. This organization disbanded in 1993 and reformed as the League of Revolutionaries for a New America.

</doc>
<doc id="20876674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876674" title="Rafael Aghayev">
Rafael Aghayev

Rafael Aghayev (; born March 4, 1985 in Sumqayit, Azerbaijan SSR) is a leading Azerbaijani Karate competitor and is four times World, eight times European champion.
Early life.
Graduating from the secondary school № 21 in 2003, he entered the Azerbaijan State Academy of Physical Culture and Sport, the faculty of martial arts as per specialty trainer-instructor in karate under the department «Martial Arts and its techniques», which he graduated in 2007. From 2007 to 2008 he served in the armed forces on the territory of Aghjabadi District of the Republic, then he was transferred to the Central Sports Club of the Ministry of Defense as a promising sportsman.
Aghayev was never faced with a question to go in for sports or not, since his father, being a professional soccer player, cultivated love for sports to him and also to two older brothers. The oldest brother Ruslan began to train in judo, the second brother Rustam involved in boxing and has good results.
Aghayev, like many other boys from childhood had to find their place in life, and he began following in the footsteps of his father, from 7 years became involved in football and at the same time began karate trainings in the sports class of his first coach Rafael Mammadov, who cultivated great love of karate to him and taught the first skills. This went on for several years. Participating at the first national competitions, he was noticed and invited to train in one of the famous sports clubs of the Republic «Budokan» under the leadership of Fizuli Musayev.
Career.
Already at the first championship of the Republic, Rafael won an overwhelming victory over all his rivals, and was noted by the President of the National Karate Federation Yashar Bashirov, who saw in him great potential and unusual tactics of fight. Aghayev was very diligent and has a will to win, but he lacked international experience. At the international level competitions, he first took part in the composition of the National Team in 1997, at an open World Cup in Miskolc (Hungary). Unfortunately, the first performances were not successful, but already next year he won the Open Championship of England and then hardly ever lost.
At his first World Championship among Cadets and Juniors, which was held in 2001 in Athens (Greece), in the team event he went to 3rd place, and the following year became the European Champion. Thus, up to this day he holds the leadership in his weight class. Without exaggeration we can say that Aghayev is one of the strongest karate sportsmen in the world. Despite his young age, he managed to achieve all of the highest sporting victories in karate; he is multiple European Champion, repeated World Champion. He holds the record, when at one World Championship; he was able to win two gold medals. This happened in 2008 at the 18th World Championship in Tokyo (Japan), when he won in the weight category of 70 kg and the other one in the open category (open). The President of the World Karate Federation, Antonio Espinosa called him – «Brilliant of the world karate».
Important role in the sports career of Aghayev played a senior team coach Hidayat Shabanov, who during more than 8 years trained him and shared with him all the joy of victory. For outstanding sports achievements at the international arena Aghayev repeatedly has received an awards from the leadership of the National Olympic Committee, the Ministry of Youth and Sport of Azerbaijan Republic, several consecutive years he entered the ten best sportsmen of the country. From the official sponsor of the Federation, the International Bank of Azerbaijan he received the keys from a new apartment in one of the elite areas of the city, as well as automobile Audi Q7.
Currently Rafael Aghayev is captain of the Azerbaijan Team, is continuing to train and perform under the guidance of new senior coach Rahman Hatamov.
Outside of Karate.
Despite all the merits and achievements in sports Rafael in everyday life is very unpretentious and conducts a plain living. His sign of zodiac – Pisces. He spends his spare time watching movies, playing soccer and chatting with friends. Rafael has an amazing character, in any company he became a leader and knows how to find the only correct way out of difficult situations.
The leadership of the National Karate Federation created all favorable conditions for training and performances at international competitions. Monthly scholarship is allocated for Rafael for financial stability. Calendar plan of Rafael is very eventful, because he has many fans around the world, which are waiting for his arrival with great impatience. Practically every month he receives invitations from different continents and countries of the world to conduct various educational and training seminars, team practice sessions, tournaments. The invitations also come from countries that are favorites of sport karate, such as France, Germany, Spain, the United States of America, Canada and etc., where, under the scrutiny of the best specialists are studying the style and tactics of martial arts, followed by Rafael, but, despite this – Rafael Aghayev remains unconquerable.

</doc>
<doc id="20876681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876681" title="Conditioned place preference">
Conditioned place preference

Conditioned place preference (CPP) is a form of Pavlovian conditioning used to measure the motivational effects of objects or experiences. This paradigm can also be used to measure conditioned place aversion with an identical procedure involving aversive stimuli instead. Both procedures usually involve mice or rats as subjects. This procedure can be used to measure extinction and of the conditioned stimulus. Certain drugs are used in this paradigm to measure their reinforcing properties. Two different methods are used to choose the compartments to be conditioned, and these are biased vs. unbiased. The biased method allows the animal to explore the apparatus, and the compartment they least prefer is the one that the drug is administered in and the one they most prefer is the one where the vehicle is injected. This method allows the animal to choose the compartment they get the drug and vehicle in. In comparison, the unbiased method does not allow the animal to choose what compartment they get the drug and vehicle in and instead the researcher chooses the compartments.
Conditioning procedure.
As in Pavlovian conditioning, an initially neutral stimulus, in this case environmental cues, is repeatedly paired with an unconditioned stimulus that naturally produces a response prior to conditioning (the unconditioned response). Over time and pairings the neutral stimulus will come to elicit responses similar to the unconditioned response. In conditioned place preference the unconditioned stimulus could be any number of things including food pellets, water, sweet fluid, novel toys, social interaction, drug intoxication, drug withdrawal, foot shock, illness, wheel running or copulation. The initially neutral environmental cues become associated with the motivational properties of the unconditioned stimulus leading to either approach or avoidance of the environment. Often in practice there is a control and treatment group used to strengthen the ability to make causal claims from the results. The treatment group is administered the unconditioned stimulus while the control group is given saline or nothing to control for all elements of the procedure.
Apparatus.
The conditioned place preference protocol makes use of an apparatus that contains two or more compartments or areas. These two compartments are designed so that the animal can discriminate between them. Differently patterned walls or floors or different types of floor texture may be used to ensure the animal can discriminate between the compartments.
Steps to conditioning place preference or aversion.
Conditioned place preference involves three phases: habituation, conditioning and preference testing.
Habituation.
In the habituation procedure the animal is given a chance to explore the apparatus. This is done to reduce the effects of novelty and usually consists of one five-minute trial.
Conditioning.
In the conditioning phase the unconditioned stimulus (e.g. morphine) is administered to the animal (usually a mouse or rat) in the treatment group. In this phase of the procedure the animal is only allowed access to one compartment of the apparatus. This compartment will become associated with the motivational effects of the unconditioned stimulus. The environment will come to elicit approach or avoidance-withdrawal depending on the nature of the unconditioned stimulus. The conditioning procedure usually consists of eight or more five-minute sessions.
Preference testing.
In the preference testing phase the animal is allowed barrier free access to all compartments of the apparatus. Time spent in each compartment is measured either by the experimenter or by motion detecting software; often the mean seconds per minute spent in each compartment is calculated. Statistical testing is used to determine whether the time difference is large enough, in comparison to the control group, to conclude that conditioned place preference or aversion has occurred. Strength of conditioning is inferred by the magnitude of the difference or in the amount of time taken for the response to show extinction.
Outcomes.
In the standard conditioned place preference procedure, when the unconditioned stimulus is rewarding, rodents will be more likely to approach the compartment that contains cues associated with it. Alternatively, when the unconditioned stimulus is aversive, rodents will be more likely to escape and avoid the compartment that contains cues associated with it. Timing of presentation of the unconditioned stimulus can determine whether place preference or aversion will be conditioned. For example, in trials testing drugs of abuse, if the animal experiences the initial pleasurable effects of the drug while in the conditioning context, the result will likely be conditioned place preference. However, if the animal is given the drug and then the experimenter implements a sufficient delay so that the animal is experiencing the negative after effects of the drug, conditioned place aversion is more likely to occur. The timing of these events can be manipulated by the experimenter in order to condition place preference or avoidance.
Advantages and disadvantages.
Advantages.
There are numerous advantages of the conditioned place preference and aversion protocol. It is methodologically simple and only requires two to three weeks to perform all steps of the procedure. In some cases conditioning can occur with two stimulus-context pairings. It allows both rewarding and aversive effects to be tested and it provides unique information about the motivational effects of unconditioned stimuli. Although the protocol is most often used with mice and rats, it can be adapted for use in other species such as birds and other rodents.
In drug testing the conditioned reward or aversive effects can be tested in a drug free state where the animals will not be impaired due to drug use. The testing is also sensitive to the effects of low drug doses. Conditioned place preference is well suited to measure the temporal profile of drugs (the pattern of rewarding and aversive effects) as well as the aversive effects of withdrawal. This can be done by varying the time of drug administration in relation to presentation of the to-be-conditioned context. The procedure also can be utilized to measure the neural circuits involved in drug reward.
Disadvantages.
The conditioned place preference and aversion protocol is subject to several disadvantages and limitations. Perhaps the most significant disadvantage is that despite experimenters' best attempts to habituate animals to the procedure before conditioning, novelty seeking effects can skew the data.
Another limitation of the procedure is the distinction between a biased and an unbiased CPP-apparatus. Some authors indicate the importance to declare in the publication, which type of CPP-box has been used. Thus a pretest is needed to define a possibly existing preference to one compartment. In a biased context, it is to show an absolute CPP to the initially non-preferred place. Otherwise, for instance when anxiolytic drugs are used as the rewarding agent, we can interpret an only relative place preference to be derived from the anxiolytic effect of the drug. On the other hand, with a biased design, we can distinguish between the anxiolytic and antiaversive effects of drugs independently from potential genuine rewarding effects.
In addition, individuals who will be handling animals must be trained to do this consistently so as to minimize stress to the animal. It has been shown that stressful handling in rodents can weaken conditioning.
There is debate over whether or not the results obtained from drug studies can be generalized to drug reward in humans. It has been claimed that since the animal passively receives the drug, it cannot be compared.
Extinction and reinstatement procedures.
Extinction.
Extinction in the conditioned place preference paradigm is the process by which the association of the place compartment with the paired aversives or appetitive stimulus is greatly reduced, thus diminishing the place preference or aversion. Extinction occurs when the conditioned stimulus is presented on repeated trials without the presence of the appetitive or aversive stimulus. For example, if the animal had been given a reinforcing food stimulus when in one place compartment and established a preference for this place, the extinction process would be implemented by placing the animal in the compartment but not giving it the reinforcing food stimulus (unconditioned stimulus) while it was in the compartment. The extinction process can be used with knockout mice to establish whether certain receptors are particularly involved in the extinction process. Extinction is also used by researchers to study different forms of reinstatement.
Reinstatement.
Reinstatement is a method used in animal testing procedures including CPP and self-administration. It is often used to model the behavior of drug relapse in humans, although its validity is a topic of debate. Reinstatement is the rapid reacquisition of an extinguished behavior, which is caused by either the presentation of the unconditioned stimulus, by stress, or by context cues. This shows that the process of extinction does not completely eliminate an association, since the association between the UCS and the CS can be rapidly reacquired. In the context of conditioned place preference, after a place preference has been extinguished, the behavior is said to be reintsated when the animal quickly reacquires their place preference after repeated extinction trials have caused the preference to be extinguished. This has implications for research on drug relapse. There are two main modes of action for which reinstatement is often tested in the conditioned place preference paradigm. One is by introducing the animal (generally rats or mice are used) to stress. The other is by giving them a small dose of the unconditioned stimulus. In the case of CPP, when drugs are used to establish conditioned place preference, this is called drug priming.
Primed induced reinstatement.
Primed induced reinstatement is a test in CPP whereby the unconditioned stimulus is given to the animal after the association between the UCS and CS has been extinguished. Administration of the UCS primes the association with the CS(place compartment) and stimulates the reacquisition of the place preference. Drugs of abuse such as cocaine and heroin have a particularly strong ability to be reinstated through priming, which is known as drug-primed reinstatement. Drug primed reinstatement is thought to renew the incentive value of the place compartment because of the motivational effects of the drug. Drug-primed reinstatement has been tested in CPP primarily with psychostimulants and opiates. Reinstatement with drug primes depends on the dose of the drug that is given to the animal. Small administrations of the drug-prime will generally not produce reinstatement whereas higher doses will. One area of the brain that is linked to reinstatement of place preference through drug priming is the lateral habenula Drug-primed reinstatement of cocaine has shown to also be reinstated by administration of similar psychostimulants including methamphetamine and methylphenidate All three of these psychostimulants increase the amount of dopamine in the nucleus accumbens by blocking reuptake of dopamine, which is presumed to mediate the drugs rewarding effects. This is also the case with morphine. Administration of morphine, heroin and cocaine induce reinstatement or morphine induced CPP.
Stress induced reinstatement.
In the conditioned place preference paradigm, stress has been shown to reinstate conditioned place preferences in rats after the preference had been extinguished. This has implications for research on addiction because of the effect that stress has on human relapse behavior. Stress induced reinstatement in CPP occurs when the animal is exposed to stress after a place preference has been extinguished. This exposure leads to reinstatement of the place preference. Common stressors used in these paradigms include foot-shock and noise Some studies have shown that when drugs of abuse are used as appetitive stimuli, exposure to stress can reinstate place preference that has been extinguished over two weeks.
When rats experience stress in the form of foot-shock or noise, changes occur in the norepinephrine system and the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis. These changes have a high impact on the reinstatement conditioned place preference. Stress stimulates the release of corticotropin-releasing hormone (CRH) from the rat's hypothalamus which leads to a series of changes through the pituitary gland in the brain to release glucocorticoids from the adrenal glands. CRH also stimulates the release of neurotransmitter in the hypothalamic regions of the brain to mediate stress-induced changes in brain activity This system plays a key role in the reinstatement of conditioned place preference. CRH acts as a neurotransmitter in regions of the brain including the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis and the amygdala. Reinstatement of conditioned place preference has shown to be blocked when antagonists for CRH receptors are injected into the BNST. In other words, the effects of stress on reinstatement can be inhibited by blocking the receptor sites for CRH in certain areas of the brain. The neurotrasmitter noradrenaline also plays a role in stress induced reinstatement. Blockage of certain noradrenergic receptors inhibit stress-induced reinstatement. Furthermore, disinhibition of areas of the brain which inhibit the release or noradrenaline also nullify the effect of stress-induced reinstatement. Together, the noradrenaline and CRH systems play a key role in the stress-induced reinstatement of conditioned place preference and provide knowledge of the neurochemical basis of stress-induced relapse.
Relapse.
Research on stress and drug-primed reinstatement has implications for treatment of addiction research in humans. Reinstatement studies on stress and drug primes provide evidence for their role in relapse behavior in humans. In addition to conditioned placed preference, animal testing using self-administration procedures have also been used to examine potential causes of relapse in humans. Stress and drug-primes have also shown to contribute to relapse behaviour in humans. With the knowledge that stress and drug primes contribute to relapse behavior, measures to avoid stressful situations can help addicts avoid returning to their addictive behaviors. Drug priming is thought to induce relapse in humans because of their effects on the reward circuits of the brain. Repeated drug exposure is thought to sensitize the rewarding effect of the drug and exposure to the drug after extinction can reintroduce this rewarding effect. These effects play a key role in the persistence of drug-seeking behaviors. Researchers use the reinstatement procedure to test the ability of certain drugs to inhibit these different types of reinstatement. One such drug that has been shown to have attenuating effects on reinstatement is mecamylamine. This is a selective nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist which, if administered after extinction trials, can block the reinstatement of the conditioned place preference for nicotine and opiates. Although direct causal linkages cannot be assumed between reinstatement in the conditioned place preference procedure and relapse in humans, it provides a solid first step in the process of creating drugs that may one day be used to treat relapse in humans.
Pharmacological effects.
Dopaminergic drugs.
Dopaminergic drugs are drugs that primarily act on the neurotransmitter dopamine. They can act on D1-like receptors (D1 and D5) and/or D2-like receptors (D2, D3, and D4), which are all metabotropic receptors. They may also act on the synthesis, release, and enzymes of dopamine.
Amphetamine.
Amphetamine is a psychomotor stimulant that functions by diffusing through the dopamine transporter into the cell. When entering the cell amphetamine reverses the directionality of the dopamine transporter, which does not allow the reuptake of dopamine, but allows dopamine to exit the presynaptic cell. It also pushes dopamine out of the vesicles in the presynaptic cell and dopamine is released through the reversed dopamine transporter. This overall process increases the amount of dopamine in the synapse by pushing dopamine out the presynaptic cell and blocking the reuptake of the neurotransmitter. At high doses amphetamine has been shown to also inhibit monoamine oxydase A reducing the degradation of dopamine.
Studies show that intravenous injections of amphetamines exhibit a conditioned place preference at a range of 1–3 mg/kg of the drug. Intracranial injections of amphetamine directly in the nucleus accumbens and intracerbroventricular injections induce a conditioned place preference at certain dosages. Studies show that haloperidol (antipsychotic, & D1/D2 receptor antagonist), α-Flupenthixol (D1/D2 receptor antagonist) and diazepam block conditioned place preference.
Lesion studies have been preformed to measure the direct effects of amphetamine on certain brain areas and their involvement in reinforcement. 6-Hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA) lesions were made to the nucleus accumbens and there was a lack of conditioned place preference shown to amphetamine. Lesions to the pendunculopontine tegmental nucleus were performed through bilateral N-methyl-D-aspartate (NDMA) lesions leading to no conditioned place preference.
Apomorphine.
Apomorphine is a D1-like and D2-like receptor agonist and it is an emetic drug. Apomorphine displays a conditioned place preference when injected subcutaneous within a range of 5–10 mg/kg. When apomorphine was injected subcutaneous in combination with 7-OH-DPAT (D3 receptor agonist) there was an enhancement of conditioned place preference for apomorphine.
Cocaine.
Cocaine is psychomotor stimulant that blocks the monoamine transporter and in turn blocks the reuptake of dopamine, noradrenaline, and serotonin. This causes an increase of monoamines in the synapse. High cocaine use can induce "cocaine psychosis" and is often mistaken for paranoid schizophrenia with similar symptoms. Both are associated with an increase in dopamine. Cocaine has a very addictive property to it, with the initial high experienced dropping off very fast as the drug half life is very short as well. Cocaine's high follows the curve of the cocaine being removed from the body, which gives more motivation to binge and more doses are needed to continuously re-experience the initial high. Cocaine's reinforcing property is mainly related to its effect on the mesolimbic system and this system includes the ventral tegmental area's projection to the nucleus accumbens, which has been associated with dopamine's function on reward.
A conditioned place preference was demonstrated in rats with an intravenous injection of 0.25-0.5 mg/kg of cocaine. Cocaine has demonstrated a conditioned place preference with intracranial injections into the nucleus accumbens shell and olfactory tubercle. This finding further implicating cocaine's reinforcing affects on the nucleus accumbens through the mesolimbic system. Studies show the conditioned place preference of cocaine appears to be blocked by a variety of drugs including mecamylamine, scopolamine, and caffeine. The specific dosages administered established if the conditioned place preference was blocked. Lesion studies have been preformed to measure the effects certain areas have on the conditioned place preference of cocaine. There was a reduction of conditioned place preference with NDMA lesions to the dorsal hippocampus. NDMA lesions to the basolateral amygdala eliminated a conditioned place preference for cocaine as well. The basolateral amygdala has been associated with modulating the consolidation of memories through norepinephrines action on the basolateral amygdala.
Methylphenidate.
Methylphenidate, or as it's more commonly known as Ritalin is a psychomotor stimulant that blocks the dopamine and norepinephrine transporter. By blocking the dopamine and norepinephrine transporter, the reuptake of dopamine and norepinephrine cannot occur. This causes an increase of dopamine and norepinephrine in the synapse. Methylphenidate functions in a similar way to cocaine. Methylphenidate has been primarily used in the treatment of ADHD. It has demonstrated a conditioned place preference at 5 mg/kg through intravenous and intraperitoneal injections. Even though the conditioned place preference of methylphenidate appears to show it has an addictive property, it does not display the same effects in humans. Methylphenidate demonstrates an initial high, but the high drops immediately and methylphenidate has a long half life with no high associated. Taking any further doses will not bring the high back because of the long half life of the drug, unlike cocaine with a shorter half life.
Cholinergic drugs.
Cholinergic drugs are drugs that primarily act on the neurotransmitter acetylcholine. They can act on the muscarinic receptors (mAChR), which are metabotropic receptors and/or nicotinic receptors (nAChR), which are ionotropic receptors. They may also act on the synthesis, release, and enzymes of acetylcholine.
Nicotine.
Nicotine is an agonist at nicotinic acetylcholine receptors. Nictonic receptors are widespread throughout the brain, but the specific reinforcing effects of nicotine has been implicated in acetylcholines projection to the ventral tegmental area. There are nAChRs in the ventral tegmental area, which is one of the main sites of dopamine production and it projects dopamine through the mesolimbic system consisting of projections to the nucleus accumbens. The projection from the ventral tegmental area to the nucleus accumbens has been primarily studied and associated with reward.
In this case this projection has been implicated in nicotine's reinforcing properties. Specifically α6 and β2 nAchR subunits are found in the dopaminergic neurons and have been found to mediate nicotine's reinforcing effects on the mesolimbic system.
Nicotine has been shown to produce a conditioned place preference at specific doses, beyond these specific doses no conditioned place preference is displayed. Studies that have examined subcutaneous injections of nicotine in rats and mice have demonstrated a conditioned place preference from a range of 0.2 - 0.6 mg/kg. Studies that have examined intraperitoneal injections in rats and mice have shown a conditioned place preference around 1 mg/kg. The exact dosages that produced a conditioned place preference varied across studies. Intracranial injections of nicotine directly into the ventral tegmental area produced a conditioned place preference, further implicating the effects of nicotine on the mesolimbic system.
Through combinations of drugs with nicotine, there has been evidence that drugs can block the conditioned place preference of nicotine. Nicotine induced conditioned place preference appears to be blocked consistently by naloxone (opioid receptor antagonist) and mecamylamine (nicotinic receptor antagonist), but appears to be dose dependent for both drugs. Mecamylamine blocks the conditioned place preference of nicotine due to being an nAChR antagonist blocking the binding of nicotine.
GABAergic drugs.
GABAergic drugs are drugs that primarily act on the neurotransmitter GABA(gamma-aminobutyric acid).They can act on the GABAA receptors, which are ionotropic receptors and/or GABAB receptors, which are metabotropic receptors. They may also act on the synthesis, release, and enzymes of GABA.
Diazepam.
Diazepam (Valium) is a benzodiazepine and an agonist at GABAA receptors. Studies of conditioned place preference with diazepam have shown conflicting results with some finding no evidence of conditioning and other studies demonstrating conditioned place preference with intraperitoneal injections around 2.5 to 5 mg/kg of the drug. Evidence debates the conditioned place preference of diazepam.
Muscimol.
Muscimol is an agonist at GABAA receptors. Intracranial injections of muscimol into the ventral tegmental area produces a conditioned place preference . α-Flupenthixol, which is a D1/D2 dopamine receptor antagonist has been shown to block the conditioned place preference of intracranial injections of muscimol into ventral tegmental area. Blocking the dopamine receptors with α-Flupenthixol appears to block the reinforcing effects of muscimol.
Ethanol.
Ethanol is a psychoactive alcohol. Ethanol is an agonist at GABAA receptors causing a hyperpolarization of the postsynaptic cell. This hyperpolarization causes an inhibitory effect and this explains the sedative properties of alcohol. Ethanol's reinforcing effects have been associated with the ventral tegmental area and its projections to the nucleus accumbens. GABA and opioid receptors are thought to mediate ethanol's effects. Many conditioned place preference studies have been documented under different conditions with most injections of ethanol being interperitonally into rats and mice with most studies finding a conditioned place preference. Intracranial injections of methylnaloxonium (opioid receptor antagonist) or baclofen (GABAB receptor agonist) into the ventral tegmental area reduced the conditioned place preference of ethanol.
Serotonergic drugs.
Serotonergic drugs refer to drugs that interact with the neurotransmitter serotonin and its respective receptors. Generally, serotonergic drugs influence CPP with drugs that have the highest selectivity for the serotonin transporter producing the most profound CPP. These drugs include sertraline, paroxetine, fluoxetine, etc.
Many recreational and psychoactive drugs have a large impact on the dopamine and serotonin systems in the brain. Lysergic acid (LSD) is one of these drugs and an interesting finding by Meehan and Schechter in 1998 demonstrated that LSD produced CPP in male rats, but not in female rats. Another example of a drug that interferes with the serotonin system is cocaine. Cocaine has been demonstrated to produce CPP, and this could possibly be due to the effect of the drug on the serotonin system.
Also, serotonin receptor antagonists have been researched with CPP influenced by recreational drugs. However, in one study testing MDMA-induced CPP, there was no effect of a serotonin 1 & 2 receptor antagonist metergoline.
Glutamatergic drugs.
Glutamatergic drugs refer to drugs that interact with the glutamate-neurotransmitter system. This particular neurotransmitter system has been demonstrated to be an important part of reinstatement of the opiate-influenced CPP. Glutamatergic antagonists (such as memantine and dizocilpine) blocked the reinstatement of morphine-produced CPP. The effect of glutamatergic antagonists on CPP may be on the disruption of processing of conditioned responses, therefore impairing drug-related associations and their reconsolidation.
Glutamatergic antagonists have also been reported to have an effect on cocaine-induced CPP. Memantine was shown to block CPP produced by cocaine. In this study, animals did not approach cues that were associated with cocaine when NMDA receptors had glutamate transmission blocked. This suggests that glutamatergic antagonists may aid in extinguishing drug-seeking behaviour.
Noradrenergic drugs.
Noradrenergic drugs are drugs that influence the areas of the body and nervous system that utilize noradrenaline (or norepinephrine). Norepinephrine is a catecholamine that has many functions, including a hormone and neurotransmitter function.
Norandrenergic drugs when used in isolation have generally not been associated with the development of CPP. For example, desipramine and imipramine (both tricyclic antidepressants) have been demonstrated to have no influence on CPP. Also, neither phenylephrine (an alpha-1 receptor agonist) nor prazosin (an alpha-1 receptor antagonist) produced any effect on CPP.
However, a 2003 study by Lebedev and their colleagues demonstrated that phenamine (a drug which has a similar action to epinephrine) did in fact produce CPP. Also, norepinephrine has been shown to be involved in opiate-influenced CPP. For example, morphine causes an increased amount of norepinephrine leaving the medial prefrontal cortex which has a direct impact on the amount of dopamine leaving the nucleus accumbens. This suggests that norepinephrine plays an important role in developing and maintaining opiate-induced CPP.
Opiates.
Opiates refer to a classification of drugs that are derived from the opium plant. These drugs bind to opioid receptors in the peripheral and central nervous systems producing analgesic effects. Many opiates have been demonstrated to produce CPP in animals. For example, morphine, heroin, and fentanyl have been shown to produce conditioned place preference.
Although opiates seem to induce CPP, there are a few interactive effects that are of interest to researchers. For example, a study comparing CPP effects of morphine on aggressive versus non-aggressive male mice demonstrated that it was only the non-aggressive mice which showed CPP. Also, it has been demonstrated that rats that are exposed to electric footshock or fear-stress prior to conditioning sessions showed no opiate-induced CPP. 
Opioid-antagonists have been demonstrated to have interactive effects with CPP created by other substances. For example, ethanol-influenced CPP was inhibited by opioid antagonists (such as nalaxone) and arodyn (a kappa-opioid receptor antagonist) inhibited the reinstatement of cocaine-produced CPP. Results like these suggest that opioid-receptor antagonists may be useful in treatment of relapse of substances such as cocaine.
Knockout mice.
Knockout mice are genetically modified mice that have had certain genes selectively removed. The removal of certain genes allows researches to study the effects of certain genes missing and the implications of missing genes on physiology and behaviour.
Cocaine.
Genetic knockouts of the dopamine transporter failed to eliminate the conditioned place preference of cocaine implicating there maybe different mechanisms of cocaine's reinforcing properties. Mice lacking the noradrenaline transporter and serotonin transporter separately or at the same time demonstrated an enhanced conditioned place preference. No conditioned place preference was found in knockout mice lacking serotonin receptor 5-HT1B.
Nicotine.
Genetic knockouts of nicotinic receptor subunit β2 in mice resulted in a lack of conditioned place preference. This further compiling information of the importance of the nAChR subunit β2 in nicotine's reinforcing properties. Studies also show a lack of conditioned place preference in CB1 receptor knockout mice, implicating a possible contribution of the endocannabinoid system.
Ethanol.
Genetic knockouts of the dopamine D2 receptor and vesicular monoamine transport 2 (VMAT2) exhibited a lack of conditioned place preference. Mice lacking the mu opioid receptor exhibited a lack of conditioned place preference. Knockouts of CB1 cannabinoid receptor demonstrated a lack of conditioned place preference. Ethanol appears to have a widespread action on the brain through the many different mechanisms of the drug.

</doc>
<doc id="20876683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876683" title="Sheep Hill">
Sheep Hill

Sheep Hill can refer to one of a number of places:

</doc>
<doc id="20876689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876689" title="Bridge FM">
Bridge FM

Bridge FM may refer to one of the following radio stations:

</doc>
<doc id="20876695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876695" title="Judith Hagendorf">
Judith Hagendorf

Judith Hagendorf is a fictional character on the German soap opera "Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love)" portrayed by actress Katrin Heß from February 18, 2008 to September 15, 2009, when the character was surprisingly written out without any conformation from the production.
Storylines.
In the beginning, Judith finds herself in love with Fabian Brandner (Shai Hoffmann), but her feelings for him seem to be unrequited, when she finds out that he slept with Lisa (Lilli Hollunder). But Fabian has developed feelings for Judith too and didn't take his short encounter with Lisa serious. But Lisa does and tries to plot and scheme between Fabian and Judith, so she can have him for her own. When Judith finds out, that Fabian slept with Lisa, but doesn't want anything to do with her, she is very disappointed in him and believes that he only uses women. Meanwhile, Constantin von Lahnstein (Milan Marcus) gets interested in Judith. But when he discovers that Judith only can't be together with Fabian because of Lisa's schemes, he tells Judith the truth. Judith finds herself in the middle, when she is confronted with her flirtation to Constantin and her still deep feelings for Fabian. She finally works things out with Fabian and they come together. But their relationship isn't easy from the beginning. Lisa still tries to destroy their love and when Lisa is finally out of their way, Judith witnesses a call between Fabian's mother Katja (Diana Frank) and her best friend Elisabeth (Martina Servatius), where Katja mentions her one-night-stand with Sebastian von Lahnstein (Joscha Kiefer), the boyfriend of her daughter Lydia (Theresa Underberg). When Katja realizes that Judith knows about the night with Sebastian, she can convince her to stay quiet and not destroy her family. Things get more complicated when Katja gets pregnant and Sebastian could be the father. Katja finally needs to open up to her family. Fabian is outraged with his mother and gets the shock of his life, when he finds out that Judith knew about Katja's unfaithfulness. He takes distance from Judith and finally breaks up with her. 
Judith is very upset over the end of her relationship to Fabian and is happy to have Constantin as a good friend. He spends a lot of time with Judith and can finally give her the happiness in her life back. But soon, Constantin realizes that he still has feelings for her and hopes that they finally might get their chance. But when Judith meets a mysterious young man, she falls in love with him. Constantin is sad, that Judith again find love somewhere else. But things get more complicated for Judith when the mysterious man turns out to be Fabian's brother David (Sven Koller). Judith is conflicted at first about the relation to her ex-boyfriend, but is then fine with it. But David only sees Judith as a good friend and no matter what she does, David doesn't fall for her. 
She tells Constantin about her lovesickness and doesn't guess about his feelings for her. Instead, Constantin tries to be a good friend and help her to get over David. But Judith tries the opposite and wants to make herself to David's dream girl. Constantin tells her over and over again, that she shouldn't do that for anyone and just be herself. When Judith finally realizes that Constantin feels more for her than just friends, she confronts him. Constantin confesses his love for her and also that he well knows she doesn't feel the same thing for him. After that, the friendship between them gets very complicated. Constantin builds a distance between him and Judith and tries to get over her. Meanwhile, Judith misses her friend and realizes that her feelings for David are gone. Instead, she feels that Constantin means more to her than she thought. But when Judith tells him how she feels, Constantin can't believe her anymore after all the love drama that happened in her life. Judith tries several times to prove Constantin that her feelings for him are honest, but nothing seem to work. Instead, Constantin applies for a journalist school in London. Judith is shocked when she finds out that Constantin is accepted and assumes to go. She tries to prove for the last time her love to him and it comes to a heartbreaking goodbye on the airport. She gives him a kiss, before Constantin takes off.
After Constantin left, Judith hides in the background. She takes care of her friends problems and goes to Spain - in order by Brander Bau - for a while. A while after she's back, Constantin returns on a family matter. When Judith finds out that Constantin is in town, she gets all nervous and doesn't know where they stand after all this time. When they meet each other, Constantin shocks Judith with the confession that he has a girlfriend in London and that they would be better of as friends. But later Constantin visits her to say goodbye before returning to London. He can't hide his feelings and the two end up sleeping together. After that, he tells Judith that he lied and that he hasn't a girlfriend waiting for him. He was just afraid, knowing that the two would have no future with Constantin in England. Judith then admits to Olli (Jo Weil) that she's over Constantin and agrees with him to be just friends. But they both can't stop thinking about each other. Constantin spends Judith a surprise visit, where he asks her if she missed him. Judith confesses that she was just thinking about him. He doesn't know if that's enough, but he asks her to come with him to London anyway. Judith is happy, kisses Constantin and agrees to go with him. They just pack one bag, before saying goodbye to Olli and Christian and leaving Düsseldorf.
When Constantin came back, he told his friends that he and Judith had recently broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="20876702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876702" title="Horror films of Cambodia">
Horror films of Cambodia

Horror is a popular genre which has received renewed attention in Cambodian film making since 2003.
History.
One of the earliest successful Cambodian Horror movies was the 1970s film The Snake King's Wife by Tia Kim Kon. Other films followed such as "Crocodile Man", "The Snake King's Wife Part 2", "The Snake girl" and "My Mother is Arb", these films found success both in Cambodia and abroad.
During the Khmer Rouge regime the, cinema of Cambodia saw a general decline as conditions for producing movies were unfavorable.
A New Wave.
As the Khmer Rouge lost power in 1979, films were again being produced. In 2001, "The Snake King's Child" a sequel of "The Snake King's Wife" and a thai-khmer joint film, was released and recognized as the first Cambodian horror film to be released since the Khmer Rouge era.
In The recent of years at the new development of films, The Khmer producer brought a new taste for movie with the horror genre but within low budget and weak special effect. In addition, The genres revealed a big hit for the local audiences especially for the young age started attracting for khmer horror movies after the absent for long times. The manager of FCI Productions, which made Nieng Arp, a big hit khmer horror film, Korm Chanthy said "We make movies to suit the domestic market and the demand of our youths and They like to watch horror movies because they make them feel excited, thrilled and terrified".
Meanwhile, Producer, 29-year-old Heng Tola, was looking to diversify his computer business when he founded Campro three years ago with several friends.
In early 2003, the film"Kohak Kmorch Tek Snech Asara Peak", a period ghost film was released. Another working of the genre, a Psychological thriller, The Weird Villa, produced by Angkor Wat Production and written by "Pan Phuong Bopha", achieved some box office success, and was considered one of the outstanding films of the year. It was followed by several major grossing horror films; Lady Vampire, adopted from Krasue Mythology and Legend basing, Ghost Banana Tree, produced by Campro Production.
The Horror films for new development mostly featured several remakes, such as Neang Neath, "Neang Pomiry", and "The Killing Phone" was found on screen but still the hit films.
Other top grossing and award winning horror film, The Crocodile, a tale about the heroism of a man who killed the beast responsible for the deaths of several people in his village matched with The Forest as well as The Haunted House, both produced by Campro Production. The Sequel of The Snake King's Child, The Snake King's Grandchild also talked about the ghost story according to the Krasue Myth .
During The New Wave, almost 50% of Khmer films were the horror genre.
The most prolific producers of these horror films company were "FCI Production" and Campro Production. As of 2011 they provided the horror film project with over 15 films.
Making a movie takes Campro about three months and costs an average of US$30,000, including about US$1,000 for the lead actor, he said.
Despite the current taste for horror movies, Heng Tola believes a more serious trend is emerging, prompted in part by the resentment many Cambodians feel about its colonial past and toward domineering neighbors such as Thailand and Vietnam.
On December 5, 2008, Rankopedia website listed Cambodia on "Country that currently creates the scariest Horror movies", ranked 20th out of 25 as band score 1.57 by 19 votes. "Nieng Arp" appeared as the top film for Cambodia followed by The Forest, Villa Horror, The Snake King's Child and finally Secret Well. The winner went to Japan because of the famous horror film, "Ring".
Just like the same, The horror films for the new rising, still in The basing of local religions ghost story such as Lady Vampire, which depicts the krasue, a ghostly flying female head with internal organs dangling beneath it and Ghost Banana Tree, an inspiring of the old tradition but mostly no relation with the love story. Between 2004 and 2006, The Domestic production made around 20 films genrely horror per year. The most producing of the films seem to be FCI Production and Campro Production which their film mainly the famous one.
However, In The Third Khmer film festival which held in the late of 2007, banned the Ghost films to celebrate as reason of too much making of Horror movies.
In Addition, after a repeat of film industry crisis, the horror genre is only one genre serving to keep Cambodia cinema alive.
The Prohibition.
With the argument of making too many horror films, Khmer Culture and Film ministry, suggested the Khmer Film Maker decreased their works for this genre. In fact, the horror genre was a popular hit for local audiences, especially the younger generation, especially after the absent for long times.
The manager of FCI Productions, which made Nieng Arp a big hit khmer horror film, Korm Chanthy said "We make movies to suit the domestic market and the demand of our youth, and they like to watch horror movies because they make them feel excited, thrilled and terrified". Meanwhile, 29-year-old producer Heng Tola, was looking to diversify his computer business when he founded Campro three years ago with several friends.
Making a movie takes Campro about three months and costs an average of US$30,000, including about US$1,000 for the lead actor, he said.
Despite the current taste for horror movies, Heng Tola believes a more serious trend is emerging, prompted in part by the resentment many Cambodians feel about its colonial past and toward domineering neighbors such as Thailand and Vietnam.
However, in the third Khmer film festival which was held in late 2007, banned the Ghost films to celebrate.
Features.
The Cambodian horror film generally features a ghost story, old mythology and some form of revenge directed at one (or more) people. A popular subject is Krasue; Khmer Cinema has more than five projects about Krasue with one released in 2009. Films featuring ghost stories, mythology and blood rituals include "Ghost Banana Tree" and "The Kantong Kiev Witch". Another horror film, "The Haunted House", is loosely based on legend.
Cambodian horror films focus on their characters' suffering and anguish and (unlike Korean Horror or Japanese horror) feature over-the-top gore effects. Popular horror films such as "The Weird Villa" and "Secret Well" (from Ángkor Wat Productions) emphasize psychological terror. Also, Khmer Mekong Films now brings an upcoming contemporary and psychological thriller, "Heart Talk", which many strongly believe will be successful.
For revengeful version of the horror genre, illustrates the wills of vengeance, love and some argument. The films' repeated talking about the dead comes alive to take the revenge from the living or unfinished business but still subduced by the good thing or spirit doctor, well known as the Monk Character. The famous ones, Villa Horror, "Annoyed" or "Moheagita".
The monstrous projects can be found on Cambodia horror films and considered the new genre, ever seem for local films. A Campro box office hit's graphic title, "The Forest", also the ones including some from "FCI Production" such as "Queen of Cobra" and "People eating Lizard". The style of Khmer monster films just only the low special effect in production including more natural cinematic as well. Like the Hollywood stylish, the characters for the monster film are focus on teen adventure within adults freedom. It mightily introduces a visiting with journey. Some part of the title also links to slasher film refers the final girl with a creature or killer who stalks and graphically murders a series of mostly adolescent victims in a typically random, unprovoked fashion, killing many within a single night. The first slasher film for Cambodia screen, "The Waterfall of Death", which its plot has similarities to the murder thriller "I Know What You Did Last Summer" combined with Thailand psychological killer film "Scared".

</doc>
<doc id="20876705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876705" title="KS Oils">
KS Oils

KS Oils Limited is a leading Indian fast-moving consumer goods company in the edible oil market.
K S Oils has near to 3000 employees spread over its 7 manufacturing plants, marketing offices and plantations in India, Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore.
History.
KS Oils was a privately held entity till 1990 when it became deemed public company. On 8 February 1993, the company became a public listed company. The main object of the company is manufacturing and dealing in oils, vegetable oils and fats, products of plantation, soaps and allied products.
Brands.
KS Oils owns some of the big brands in the mustard oil segments. Brands held by the company include:
Indian Idol singers Amit Paul and Emon Chatterjee feature in the Double Sher TV Advt. Double Sher TV Advt on YouTube
These brands have strong leadership position in their categories.

</doc>
<doc id="20876736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876736" title="GMML">
GMML

GMML may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20876738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876738" title="PoPoLoCrois">
PoPoLoCrois

PoPoLoCrois is a manga series by Tamori Yousuke, originally published in the Asahi Student Newspaper (a subsidiary of the Asahi Shimbun newspaper). It was later adapted into two anime series and five role-playing video games. Its title is a combination of words from two languages: the Italian word "Popolo (people)" and the French "croix (crossing)", which together mean "crossing of people". The general theme of the series is love and compassion, that the race to which one belongs isn't important and the importance of friendship.
Video game series.
Five PoPoLoCrois games, the original PlayStation release along with its four sequels, were previously released only in Japan. The PSP release is the first and only "PoPoLoCrois" game to be released in the USA and Europe.
Gameplay.
While random and turn-based, battles take on a form very similar to console strategy RPGs (such as "Final Fantasy Tactics"). When a character's turn begins, they can move along a small grid and attack enemies from four cardinal directions, each with their own advantages and disadvantages. For example, an attack to the enemy's back will deal more damage, as will skipping a turn to focus on the next turn.
The gameplay has been criticised for having semi-tedious load times (especially on the Sony PSP). On the Sony PSP the sprites may lag for a while in some areas. It has also been criticised for having very frequent random encounters and, with the battle system, can really slow down a simple walk from one town to another.
Plot.
Story.
The main character is the prince of the Popolocrois kingdom, Pietro. The first game, "Popolocrois Monogatari", starts at the night of Pietro's 10th birthday, when he learns that his mother, who he thought was long dead, was found in a coma. Pietro sets out into a journey along with the apprentice forest witch Narcia to save his mother's soul from the underworld.
There are two more games continuing the tales of Pietro and Co. The second game, "PopoRogue"(Popolocrois + Epilogue), features Pietro as a 12 year old boy that went off to save his father from the dream world that he was forced into. The third, "Popolocrois Monogatari II", features Pietro and Narcia as a 15 year old with different costumes, who went off the defeat the mysterious force that was going to destroy the world. "Popolocrois Monogatari II" was the most famous game of the series, due to the darkened story, new party members, and many other features.
The PSP release is a reproduction of "Popolocrois Monogatari" (included into Book 1) and "PopoloCrois Monogatari II" (Included into Book 3), but Book 2 is a brand-new scenario.

</doc>
<doc id="20876746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876746" title="Orthodoxy in Abkhazia">
Orthodoxy in Abkhazia

The orthodox church in Abkhazia is officially part of the Georgian Apostolic Autocephalous Orthodox Church (Tskhum-Apkhazeti Eparchy) with 
Catholicos-Patriarch Ilia II as its head. After the Georgian-Abkhaz conflict, the autocephalous church of Georgia lost the control and jurisdiction over its property in Abkhazia. However, all autocephalous churches of the orthodox faith, including the Russian Orthodox Church and the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople, recognise Abkhazia as part of the Georgian autocephalous church. The Current head of the orthodox church in Abkhazia is Archbishop Daniel of Tskhum-Apkhazeti Eparchy However, the Georgian Orthodox Church is unable to operate there and most of its clerics as well as the parish have been expelled during the Abkhazian war and in its aftermath.
the war in Abkhazia, the only remaining Orthodox priest of the Georgian Church, ethnic Abkhaz Vissarion (Appliaa) headed the local Orthodox community. In the following years, the recently consecrated clerics from the neighbouring Russian Maykop Eparchy arrived in Abkhazia and soon engaged in a conflict with Vissarion. Through the mediation of Russian church officials, the two sides managed to reach a power-sharing agreement at Maikop in 2005, and organised themselves into the Eparchy of Abkhazia whose canonical status remains undefined. This failed, however, to settle the disagreement and the eparchy continues to straddle the division. Currently, there are a dozen or so Orthodox clerics in the region, most of whom belong to the Russian Orthodox Church, while the de facto head of the eparchy, Vissarion, nominally remains a subordinate to the Georgian Orthodox Patriarchate.
The Georgian church officials complain that the Russian church interferes in Abkhazia by training and sending in priests loyal to Moscow. The Russian church officials published translations of the The Russian church officials published translations of the Gospels in Abkhazian, which drew protests from the Georgian Orthodox and Apostolic Church as a violation of Orthodox Church canon law, constituting a meddling in the internal affairs of another Orthodox church and annexation of Georgian Orthodox property in Abkhazia. The Russian Orthodox Church claims that the clerics of Maykop eparchy serve in Abkhazia only temporarily as the local Orthodox believers do not have contacts with the Georgian Orthodox Church.
Armenian Apostolic Church.
Most of the ethnic Armenians living in Abkhazia who form the second largest ethnic group in the region of Abkhazia after the Abkhaz people, forming 20% of the Abkhazian population with 45,000 out of a total of 215,000, belong to the Armenian Apostolic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20876760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876760" title="Hamadou Moustapha">
Hamadou Moustapha

Hamadou Moustapha (born 11 May 1945) is a Cameroonian politician, currently serving as Minister in Charge of Special Duties at the Presidency of the Republic of Cameroon. He served in the government from 1975 to 1983, again from 1992 to 1997, and he has held his current position at the Presidency since December 2004. Additionally, Moustapha is the National President of the National Alliance for Democracy and Progress (ANDP), a small party that supports President Paul Biya.
Political career.
Moustapha was born in Maroua, located in the Diamaré Division of the Far North Province. He was the First Deputy Prefect of Yagoua from 1971 to 1972 before being assigned responsibility for special duties at the Presidency of the Republic in May 1972. After three years in the latter position, he was appointed to the government as Deputy Minister of Finance on 30 June 1975; subsequently he was promoted to the position of Minister of Urban Planning and Housing on 8 November 1979. Moustapha was dismissed from the government on 18 June 1983.
When multiparty politics was introduced in 1990, Moustapha was a founding member of the National Union for Democracy and Progress (UNDP), an opposition party, and he became that party's National Vice-President. He was elected to the National Assembly in the March 1992 parliamentary election as a UNDP candidate in Diamaré constituency. After Paul Biya won the October 1992 presidential election, he appointed Moustapha to the government as Deputy Prime Minister for Urban Planning and Housing on 27 November 1992. This appointment, which Moustapha accepted, was made without the approval of the UNDP's leadership and was denounced by UNDP President Maigari Bello Bouba, but Moustapha was not expelled from the party at that time. Some believed that Biya intended for real power in the government to be exercised by Moustapha and the other Deputy Prime Minister, Andze Tsoungui, and not by Prime Minister Simon Achidi Achu. Moustapha and Tsoungui were francophones, while Achu was an anglophone.
After Moustapha and Issa Tchiroma again accepted positions in the government as part of a July 1994 cabinet reshuffle, Bello Bouba said on 23 July 1994 that this would mean the end of their membership in the UNDP. Subsequently, while visiting Maroua on 30 July 1994, Moustapha's car was attacked at the Makabaye bridge by people throwing stones at it. As a result, the car went off the road, with one person being killed and a number of others being injured. 28 UNDP members were arrested for the attack. The UNDP denied responsibility and blamed the government for the attack, saying that it was used as a pretext for a crackdown on the UNDP. Moustapha and Tchiroma challenged their removal from the party, but they were expelled by the UNDP Central Committee in January 1995. 
Following their expulsion, Moustapha and Tchiroma established their own "authentic" faction of the UNDP, rejecting Bello Bouba's leadership. This faction then became the National Alliance for Democracy and Progress (ANDP), a new party featuring a slight alteration of the UNDP's name, and it was legally recognized on 31 August 1995; Moustapha became the ANDP's National President. Despite their creation of a new party, Moustapha and Tchiroma still legally contested Bello Bouba's leadership of the UNDP. The ANDP has been allied with the ruling Cameroon People's Democratic Movement (RDPC) since its formation, and it supported Biya in the October 1997 presidential election. Moustapha remained in his post as Deputy Prime Minister until December 1997, when he was dismissed from the government by Biya.
Following the June 2002 parliamentary election, Moustapha and four other notable northern politicians released a statement in July, in which they alleged electoral fraud and announced the formation of a "resistance front". They warned that the RDPC was moving the country back to single-party rule and called on politicians "to transcend any divergence, selfishness and personal ambition in order to create a movement capable of saving Cameroon from collapse". He also joined other northern politicians in signing a September 2002 memo decrying the government's alleged marginalization and neglect of the north and urging that more attention be paid to addressing the north's problems.
The ANDP Executive Bureau met on 18 September 2004 and decided to support Paul Biya's candidacy in the October 2004 presidential election. Speaking on this occasion, Moustapha said that Biya "incarnates national cohesion and stability" and "is the architect of the peace, stability and economic growth we are enjoying in Cameroon". After the election, he was appointed to the government as Minister in Charge of Special Duties at the Presidency on 8 December 2004. He was installed in that post on 21 December.
At the Second Ordinary Congress of the ANDP in July 2008, Moustapha was re-elected as President of the ANDP for another four years.

</doc>
<doc id="20876771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876771" title="Synanceia">
Synanceia

Synanceia is a genus of fish of the family Synanceiidae, the Stonefishes, whose members are venomous, dangerous, and even fatal to humans. It is one of the most venomous fish currently known in the world. They are found in the coastal regions of Indo-Pacific oceans as well as off the coast of Florida and in the Caribbean.
Habitat and characteristics.
Synanceia are primarily marine, though some species are known to live in rivers. Its species have potent neurotoxins secreted from glands at the base of their needle-like dorsal fin spines which stick up when disturbed or threatened. The vernacular name of the species, the stonefish, derives from the stonefish's ability to camouflage itself with a grey and mottled color similar to the color of a stone. Swimmers may not notice them, and may inadvertently step on them, triggering a sting. When the stonefish is disturbed, it may inject an amount of venom proportional to the amount of pressure applied to it. 
Classification.
The type species of the genus is "Synanceia verrucosa", and it includes the species "Synanceia horrida" that Linnaeus described as "Scorpaena". The authors of "Synanceia" are Marcus Elieser Bloch and Johann Gottlob Schneider in the latter's republication of "Systema Ichthyologiae iconibus cx illustratum" (Illustrated catalog of Fishes), in 1801. The description was accompanied by an illustration by J. F. Hennig. The misspelling Synanceja is regarded as a synonym for this genus.
Species.
The following is a list of species in the genus:
Treatment of envenomation.
The pain is said to be so severe that the victims of its sting have been known to demand that the affected limb be amputated.
Recommended treatments include the application of heat to the affected area and antivenom. Using hot water at a temperature no lower than , applied to the injured area has been found to destroy stonefish venom, and causes minimal discomfort to the victim. For more extreme cases, antivenom is to be used. Vinegar can be found on some Australian beaches where there are frequent cases of people stepping on these fish, for the vinegar is said to lessen the pain. 
Stonefish stings in Australia.
Stonefish stings in Australia can cause envenomation and death if not treated. The stonefish is one of the most venomous fish in the world and when stepped on by a human forces venom into the foot. Most stonefish stings occur as a result of stepping on the creature while it is less common for the fish to sting when it is picked up. Stonefish stings can occur on the beach, not just in the water, with stonefish being able to stay out of the water for up to 24 hours. They often cannot be easily seen as they look similar to rocks or coral. Stonefish antivenom is the second-most administered in Australia.
Aborigines knew of the venom of the stonefish and had corroborees which involve re-enacting death from someone who trod on the fish. The Aborigines of Northern Australia and the Great Barrier Reef had different ways of preparing the fish for eating to avoid poisoning.
After stonefish envenomation, the amount of anti-venom given depends on the number of puncture wounds from the stonefish spines.
Number of incidents.
There were 25 cases of the use of antivenom for stonefish reported to Commonwealth Serum Laboratories for a one-year period between July 1989 and June 1990, with most from Queensland and four from the Northern Territory. There were 14 calls to the Queensland Poisons Information System in 2008 regarding stonefish poison.
Non-fatal incidents.
Some notable non-fatal incidents which have appeared in reliable sources are listed below:
As food.
Though Synanceia are venomous and dangerous to human beings, they are actually consumed as food in some parts of Asia including south Japan, south Fujian and Guangdong in China and Hong Kong. Their venom is harmless after heating. In the Hokkien speaking area, they are considered delicacies and good for health. The meat of Synanceia is white, dense and sweet, and the skin is also edible. They are usually cooked with ginger into a clear soup, and sometimes served raw as sushi or sashimi.

</doc>
<doc id="20876789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876789" title="Rábacsécsény">
Rábacsécsény

Rábacsécsény is a village in Győr-Moson-Sopron County, Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="20876797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876797" title="2002 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid – Singles">
2002 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid – Singles

Andre Agassi won the final on a walkover against Jiří Novák.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. All sixteen seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20876803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876803" title="1870 college football season">
1870 college football season

The 1870 college football season is considered to be the second season ever played of intercollegiate football competition. Much like in the first year, 1869, the rules were still considered in flux, and were decided on in a game-to-game basis. However, the rules used likely did not resemble anything that a modern football observer would recognize, being that of a mix of soccer and rugby.
As in 1869, there were only 2 games played for the entire season; however, there was a third team, , that played in addition to the previous year's Rutgers and Princeton teams. The first game of the year was a 6-3 win over Columbia on Rutgers' campus played on November 5, and the second game of the year was a 6-2 win of Princeton over Rutgers on Princeton's campus on November 12.
Therefore, as the only team without a loss for the year, Princeton is generally considered to have won the college football national championship for play in the 1870 season. The Tigers have been so recognized by the Billingsley Report, the National Championship Foundation, and college football research historian Parke H. Davis (among others) with that honor. Princeton was also the first-ever undefeated team, finishing with a 1-0 record. 

</doc>
<doc id="20876851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876851" title="Henry Calley">
Henry Calley

Sir Henry Algernon Calley DSO DFC DL (9 February 1914 – 12 August 1997), known as Henry Algernon Langton until 1974, was an English pilot, owner and manager of a stud farm, and Conservative politician.
Life.
The son of the Rev. A. C. M. Langton and Mrs Langton (née Calley), Henry Algernon Langton was educated at St John's School, Leatherhead.
From 1933 to 1935 he taught at Corchester, Corbridge, then for a year worked for the Bombay Burmah Trading Corporation, before returning to teaching until 1938. He attended the Hendon Police College and served in the Metropolitan Police from 1938 to 1941, then joined the Royal Air Force, in which he served until 1948. He was one of the first policemen to transfer to the Air Force, as until 1941 serving officers in the police were not allowed to join any of the British Armed Forces.
During the Second World War, he was a pilot in bombers. He received the Distinguished Flying Cross in 1943, was promoted Acting Wing Commander in 1944 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Order in 1945.
The 1943 citation for his Distinguished Flying Cross reads:
This officer has completed a tour of bombing operations in the Middle East during which his ability on operational flying has been equalled only by his sterling work on the ground. At the commencement of his tour he was three times forced to return to base with only one engine functioning. In April 1943 he was captain of an aircraft, the elevator controls of which broke. With great skill and coolness he flew the aircraft back and, although it was damaged on landing and he was injured, the crew escaped without injury. Despite these trying experiences Flight Lieutenant Langton continued to fly on operations with undiminished enthusiasm.
In 1945, when he received the Distinguished Service Order, the "Air Ministry Bulletin" reported:
Throughout two tours of operational duty, Squadron Leader Langton has shown outstanding courage and determination and has led a large number of attacks against heavily defended targets. A typical example of his coolness in the face of the enemy took place in November 1944. This officer was detailed for a daylight attack against a well defended bridge in Yugoslavia. Despite the very heavy anti-aircraft fire, he made a straight run over the target at 9,500 feet, released his bombs and secured an excellent photograph. Both in the air and on the ground, Squadron Leader Langton has set an inspiring example and, largely owing to his untiring efforts and devotion to duty, the squadron has attained a high standard of operational efficiency.
From 1948 until his death he was the owner and manager of a stud farm in Wiltshire. In 1955 he was elected as a member of Wiltshire County Council and served as Chairman of its Finance Committee from 1959 to 1968 and as Chairman of Council from 1968 to 1973. He was also Chairman of the Wessex Area of the National Union of Conservative and Unionist Associations, from 1963 to 1966.
In 1968, he was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant for Wiltshire, when he was described as "Wing Commander Sir Henry Algernon Langton, D.S.O., D.F.C., Overtown House, Wroughton, Swindon".
From 1969 until 1974 he was Chairman of the Committee of the Wiltshire Victoria County History.
Knighted in 1964, in 1974 he changed his surname from Langton to Calley. "The Times" reported:
Sir H. Langton has changed his name by deed poll to Calley. He was a beneficiary in the will of a cousin. He said "The hope was expressed in the will that I would change my name. My mother was a Calley".

</doc>
<doc id="20876859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876859" title="Zalog pod Sveto Trojico">
Zalog pod Sveto Trojico

Zalog pod Sveto Trojico is a small dispersed settlement east of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Zalog pod Sveto Trojico" (literally, 'Zalog below Holy Trinity') to "Zalog pod Trojico" (literally, 'Zalog below Trinity') in 1955. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms. The name "Zalog pod Sveto Trojico" was restored in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20876865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876865" title="Edward Walters">
Edward Walters

Edward Walters (December 1808, Fenchurch Buildings, London - 22 January 1872, 11 Oriental Place, Brighton) was an English architect. After superintending Sir John Rennie's military building work in Constantinople between 1832 and 1837, he returned to England to practise as an architect in the provinces. His practice was based at Manchester from 1839, where his most notable work was the Free Trade Hall, referred to as the "noblest monument in the Cinquecento style in England" by Nikolaus Pevsner. He retired in 1865 and then travelled in Italy and England before his death in 1872. He never married and died without issue.

</doc>
<doc id="20876871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876871" title="Ken Pillar">
Ken Pillar

Kenneth Harold Pillar (10 October 1924 – 21 February 2011) was the Bishop of Hertford from 1982 until 1989.
Pillar was born on 10 October 1924 and educated at Devonport High School for Boys and Queens' College, Cambridge before beginning his ordained ministry as a curate in Childwall. After this he was chaplain of Lee Abbey and then vicar of St Paul’s Beckenham. He then held further incumbencies at Canterbury and Waltham Abbey before becoming a bishop. In retirement he was an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Sheffield.

</doc>
<doc id="20876881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876881" title="Yanshikhovo-Norvashi">
Yanshikhovo-Norvashi

Yanshikhovo-Norvashi (; ) is a rural locality (a "selo") in Yantikovsky District of the Chuvash Republic, Russia.
History.
Based on the archival documents, it is known that the village of Yanshikhovo-Norvashi was founded in 1565 by three Chuvash people named Yanshikh, Akhmet, and Kibyat, who moved here from the village of Timyash (former name of Yantikovo). The village was named after Yanshikh (one of the founders), and the "Norvashi" part refers to the Norvashka River on which the village stands.
As the village grew, some of its residents moved out to found new villages in what is now Yalchiksky District.
In 1898, a church was built in the village, which was funded by the parishioners and Andrey Astrakhantsev—a merchant from Cheboksary. The first church priest was Nikolay Sidorov, who ran the church with the help of Fyodor Dyakov, a psalm reader who graduated from the rural school.

</doc>
<doc id="20876885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876885" title="List of Hungarian consorts">
List of Hungarian consorts

This is a list of the queens consorts of Hungary, the consorts of the kings of Hungary. After the extinction of the Árpád dynasty and later the Angevin dynasty, the title of King of Hungary has been held by a monarch outside of Hungary with a few exceptions. After 1526, the title of Queen of Hungary belonged to the wife of the Habsburg Emperors who were also King of Hungary.
Queens of Hungary also held the titles after 1526: Holy Roman Empress (later Empress of Austria) and Queen consort of Bohemia. Since Leopold I, all kings of Hungary used the title of Apostolic King of Hungary the title given to Saint Stephen I by the Pope and their wives were styled as Apostolic Queens of Hungary.
The title lasted just a little over nine centuries, from 1000 to 1918.
The Kingdom of Hungary also had two queens regnant who were crowned as kings: Maria I and Maria II Theresa.
Queens consort of Hungary.
House of Wittelsbach, 1305–1308.
Ladislaus V's successor Béla V's first wife, Katharine of Habsburg, died 23 years before her husband became King of Hungary; and he married his second wife, Agnes of Glogau, two years after he lost the throne to Charles I.
Capetian House of Anjou, 1308–1395.
Charles Martel of Anjou pressed his claim to the throne of Hungary and became titular King of Hungary in 1290; his wife, Klementia of Habsburg became titular queen consort of Hungary, but Charles Martel failed to govern Hungary and died in 1295. Charles Martel and Klementia were never the proper King and Queen. Charles Martel also died in his parent's lifetime.
House of Jagiellon, 1440–1444.
Ulászló I had no children and did not get married (contemporary opinions, quoted by Jan Długosz, suggested that he was homosexual). He was succeeded in Poland by his younger brother Casimir IV Jagiellon in 1447 after a three-year interregnum. In Hungary, he was succeeded by his former rival, the child Ladislaus the Posthumous.
House of Habsburg, 1440/44–1457.
Ladislaus the Posthumous died suddenly in Prague on 23 November 1457 while preparing for his marriage to Magdalena of Valois, daughter of Charles VII of France. He and Magdalena, therefore, never married.
House of Szapolyai, 1526–1570.
In dispute with the Habsburgs.

</doc>
<doc id="20876893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876893" title="Samuel Fidler">
Samuel Fidler

Samuel (Sam) Fidler grew up in Spanish Fork, Utah, where he competed in cross country, wrestling, and soccer; he was also a percussionist for the Spanish Fork High School marching, concert, jazz bands. He joined the Utah Army National Guard when he was 17 and graduated from the Special Forces Qualification Course 3 years later. He served a mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Adelaide, Australia.
From 1991 through 1997 he served on active duty with the 3rd Special Forces Group and participated in Operation Uphold Democracy. He also was assigned as an instructor at the Special Forces Qualification Course teaching Leadership, Land Navigation, and Small Unit Tactics. 
After returning to Utah he became one of the first members of the National Guard to be activated for Operation Enduring Freedom and was awarded the Bronze Star Medal for his service in Afghanistan. He later volunteered for a second tour in Afghanistan in 2004 and the Philippines in 2006-2007.
Sam Fidler has announced his candidacy for the 5th Utah Senate District. 
Sam Fidler is a member of the following organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="20876895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876895" title="Patrick Mermagen">
Patrick Mermagen

Patrick Hassell Frederick Mermagen (8 May 1911, Colyton, Devon – 20 December 1984 Ipswich, Suffolk) was a public school teacher and cricketer who played eight first-class matches for Somerset in 1930.
An outstanding batsman for Sherborne School, Mermagen was picked to play for the Public Schools side in the annual match against The Army at Lord's in August 1930. But after the Army had batted on the Wednesday, the rains set in and the match was abandoned. Somerset's three-day game with Essex was affected even earlier by the weather, and no play was possible on the Wednesday and the Thursday: when it finally began on the Friday, Mermagen had been inserted into the Somerset side and batted at No 4. Mermagen retained his place in the Somerset side for the rest of the season without making much impact: his highest score was only 35 and that came in his last innings, when Somerset scored 545 for nine declared against Hampshire at Taunton. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast-medium bowler, though he bowled only five overs in first-class cricket, without success. 
He went to Pembroke College, Cambridge in 1930 to study Mathematics (but did not play cricket for the university side). After six years as Assistant Master at Loretto School in Scotland, he served with the Royal Berkshire Regiment during WWII. After the war he was Assistant Master at Radley College (1940–1950) and then headmaster of Ipswich School (1950–1972).
He died in 1984. He had married Nora James in 1934; they had three sons and a daughter.
External links.
Patrick Mermagen at www.cricketarchive.com

</doc>
<doc id="20876904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876904" title="Animal Instinct (Tygers of Pan Tang album)">
Animal Instinct (Tygers of Pan Tang album)

Animal Instinct is a 2008 album by British heavy metal band Tygers of Pan Tang, released on Cargo.

</doc>
<doc id="20876906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876906" title="Zgornje Jarše">
Zgornje Jarše

Zgornje Jarše () is a settlement on the right bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River north of Domžale and east of Mengeš in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20876924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876924" title="Želodnik">
Želodnik

Želodnik is a small settlement northeast of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20876934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876934" title="1871 college football season">
1871 college football season

The 1871 college football season is the only one since the first season in 1869 in which no games were played for the entire season.
This is likely due to the difficulty in scheduling games with the novelty of the "new" sport. Only two games had been played in each of the previous seasons (1869 and 1870) by a total of only three teams (, Princeton, and ).
Princeton did play several games against a Princeton Theological Seminary team in 1871, although the general convention is not to count these as official games.
Due to no games being played, 1871 is the only year since play began in which no college football national champion has ever been named, retroactively or otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="20876937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876937" title="Žiče, Domžale">
Žiče, Domžale

Žiče (; ) is a small village east of Radomlje in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Žiče was attested in written sources in 1341 as "Seycz" (and as "Seitz" in 1327 and "Seytz" in 1380). The name is derived from the plural demonym "*Zitъčane" or "*Žiťane", based on the hypocorism "*Žitъko" or "*Žitъ", referring to an early inhabitant of the place. In the past it was known as "Schitsche" in German.

</doc>
<doc id="20876940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876940" title="1961 Goldsboro B-52 crash">
1961 Goldsboro B-52 crash

The 1961 Goldsboro B-52 crash was an accident that occurred in Goldsboro, North Carolina, on 24 January 1961. A B-52 Stratofortress carrying two Mark 39 nuclear bombs broke up in mid-air, dropping its nuclear payload in the process. The captain ordered the crew to eject, which they did at . Five men successfully ejected or bailed out of the aircraft and landed safely. Another ejected but did not survive the landing, and two died in the crash. Controversy continues to surround the event as information newly declassified in 2013 reinforced long-held, public suspicions that one of the bombs came very close to detonating.
Accident.
The aircraft, a B-52G based at Seymour Johnson Air Force Base in Goldsboro, was on a 24-hour "Operation Coverall" airborne alert mission on the Atlantic seaboard of the United States. The operation was part of a larger Cold War program called the first Single Integrated Operational Plan (SIOP). This early plan called for one third of the Strategic Air Command's fleet of nuclear bombers to be airborne at any point in time, so that in the event of war, the fleet would not be caught on the ground, and be able to fly directly to targets in the Soviet Union, China and Soviet-aligned states.
Around midnight on 23–24 January 1961, the bomber rendezvoused with a tanker for mid-air refueling. During the hook-up, the tanker crew advised the B-52 aircraft commander, Major W. S. Tulloch, that his aircraft had a leak in the right wing. The refueling was aborted, and ground control was notified of the problem. The aircraft was directed to assume a holding pattern off the coast until the majority of fuel was consumed. However, when the B-52 reached its assigned position, the pilot reported that the leak had worsened and that of fuel had been lost in three minutes. The aircraft was immediately directed to return and land at Seymour Johnson Air Force Base.
As it descended through on its approach to the airfield, the pilots were no longer able to keep the aircraft in trim and lost control of it. The captain ordered the crew to eject, which they did at . Five men ejected and landed safely. Another ejected but did not survive the landing, and two died in the crash. The third pilot of the bomber, Lt. Adam Mattocks, is the only man known to have successfully bailed out of the top hatch of a B-52 without an ejection seat. The crew last saw the aircraft intact with its payload of two Mark 39 nuclear bombs on board. The wreckage of the aircraft covered a area of tobacco and cotton farmland at Faro, about north of Goldsboro.
The two 2-2.5 megaton MK. 39 nuclear bombs separated from the gyrating aircraft as it broke up between . Three of the four arming mechanisms on one of the bombs activated, causing it to execute many of the steps needed to arm itself, such as charging the firing capacitors and, critically, deployment of a retard parachute. The parachute allowed that bomb to hit the ground with little damage.
Bomb recovery.
The bomb that descended by parachute was found intact, and standing upright as a result of its parachute being caught in a tree. According to Lt. Jack Revelle, the bomb disposal expert responsible for disarming the device, the arm/safe switch was still in the safe position, though it had completed the rest of the arming sequence. The Pentagon claimed at the time that there was no chance of an explosion and that two arming mechanisms had not activated. A United States Department of Defense spokesperson told United Press International reporter Donald May that the bomb was unarmed and could not explode. Former military analyst Daniel Ellsberg has claimed to have seen highly classified documents indicating that its safe/arm switch was the only one of the six arming devices on the bomb that prevented detonation. In 2013, information released as a result of a Freedom of Information Act request confirmed a single switch prevented detonation.
The second bomb plunged into a muddy field at around and disintegrated without detonation of its conventional explosives. The tail was discovered about below ground. Parts of the bomb were recovered, including its tritium bottle and the plutonium. According to nuclear weapons historian Chuck Hansen, the bomb was partially armed when it left the aircraft though an unclosed high-voltage switch had prevented it from fully arming. In 2013, ReVelle recalled the moment the second bomb's switch was found. “Until my death I will never forget hearing my sergeant say, 'Lieutenant, we found the arm/safe switch.' And I said, 'Great.' He said, 'Not great. It’s on arm.'”
Excavation of the second bomb was abandoned as a result of uncontrollable ground-water flooding. Most of the thermonuclear stage, containing uranium, was left "in situ". The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers purchased a circular easement over the buried component. The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill determined the buried depth of the secondary component to be , plus or minus .
Immediate aftermath.
Wet wings with integral fuel tanks considerably increased the fuel capacity of B-52G and H models, but were found to be experiencing 60% more stress during flight than did the wings of older models. Wings and other areas susceptible to fatigue were modified by 1964 under Boeing engineering change proposal ECP 1050. This was followed by a fuselage skin and longeron replacement (ECP 1185) in 1966, and the "B-52 Stability Augmentation and Flight Control program" (ECP 1195) in 1967.
Later analysis of weapons recovery.
ReVelle, speaking to a writer in 2011 of the bomb that he said nearly detonated: “As far as I’m concerned we came damn close to having a Bay of North Carolina. The nuclear explosion would have completely changed the Eastern seaboard if it had gone off.” He also said the size of each bomb was more than 250 times the destructive power of the Hiroshima bomb, and large enough to have a 100% kill zone of seventeen miles. Each bomb would exceed the yield of all munitions (outside of testing) ever detonated in the history of the world by TNT, gunpowder, conventional bombs, and the Hiroshima and Nagasaki blasts combined.
In 2013, investigative journalist Eric Schlosser published a book, "Command and Control", in which he presented a declassified 1969 document obtained under the Freedom of Information Act. In the report, entitled "Goldsboro Revisited," written by Parker F. Jones, a supervisor of nuclear safety at Sandia National Laboratories, Jones says that "one simple, dynamo-technology, low voltage switch stood between the United States and a major catastrophe," and concludes that "The MK 39 Mod 2 bomb did not possess adequate safety for the airborne alert role in the B-52."
Legacy.
In July 2012, the state of North Carolina erected a historical road marker in the town of Eureka, north of the crash site, commemorating the crash under the title "Nuclear Mishap." The memorial lists the names of the three aircrew who died in the accident: Sergeant Francis Roger Barnish (35), Major Eugene Holcombe Richards (42), and Major Eugene Shelton (41).

</doc>
<doc id="20876949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876949" title="Frederick Macartney">
Frederick Macartney

Frederick Thomas Bennett Macartney (born 1887 - died 1980), poet and critic, was born in Port Melbourne, Australia. His byline was often just "Frederick T. Macartney".
Biography.
In 1921 Macartney went to Darwin as an assistant to the administrator of the Northern Territory, F. C. Urquhart, and to the government secretary. Appointed public trustee in 1922, by 1924 he was the 'legal Pooh-Bah' of the Territory: sheriff, clerk of courts and judge's associate, registrar of companies, bankruptcy, and births, deaths and marriages, and returning officer.
In 1929, Macartney wrote "A Sweep of Lute-strings, Being the Title Excusing a Very Few Love-rhymes". In 1945, he co-authored "Papers". In 1947, he published "Australian Poetry", a collection of twenty poems by Australian poets.
In 1956, he edited and updated E Morris Miller's "Australian Literature from its Beginnings to 1935", under the title "Australian Literature, a Bibliography to 1938, Extended to 1950". Also in 1956, he wrote the foreword to "The Sonnet in Australasia, a Survey and Selection".
In 1957 he wrote "A Historica Outline of Australian Literature". In 1961, "Selected Poems of Frederick T. Macartney" was published by the Commonwealth Literary Fund. In 1967, Macartney wrote and provided the illustrations for "Proof Against Failure". In 1973, he wrote "Australian Literary Essays". 
Macartney's works and commentary have been published in "The New Oxford Book of Australian Verse", "Southerly: The Magazine of the Australian English Association, Sydney", "The Australian Quarterly" (by Australian Institute of Political Science), The Collins Book of Australian Poetry, "Critical Essays on Kenneth Slessor" (by Andrew Kilpatrick Thomson - 1968), "Meanjin Papers" (by Melbourne University Press), "An Australian Anthology" by Percival Serle, Furnley Maurice, Robert Henderson Croll, "Birth: A Little Journal of Australian Poetry", "Path to Parnassus: Anthology for Schools", "Dream and Disillusion: A Search for Australian Cultural Identity", "The Australian Librarian's Manual", "British Book News", "Lines of Implication: Australian Short Fiction from Lawson to Palmer", "Catalog of the South Pacific Collection", "The Humanities in Australia: A Survey with Special Reference to the Universities", and ma

</doc>
<doc id="20876953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876953" title="St. Mary's Church, Bury St. Edmunds">
St. Mary's Church, Bury St. Edmunds

St Mary's Church is the civic church of Bury St Edmunds and claims to be the third largest parish church in England. It was part of the abbey complex and originally was one of three large churches in the town (the others being St James, now St Edmundsbury Cathedral, and St Margaret's, now gone).
History.
The present church is the second building to stand on the site, the first being built in the 12th century by Mr Hervey. However, nothing survives of the Norman church and the oldest part of the existing building is the decorated chancel (c. 1290). There was a major renovation between the 14th and 16th centuries and it is at this point that the nave, its aisles and the tower were built. It is also at this time that Mary Tudor, favourite sister of Henry VIII, died and was buried in the church. Her tomb is in the sanctuary directly to the north of the high altar. The church, however, is dedicated to Mary, the mother of Jesus, and not, as some mistakenly believe, to Mary Tudor. 
During the 16th century, John Notyngham and Jankyn Smyth, two wealthy benefactors to the church, died and left generous amounts of money to the church. These funds contributed to building the north and south quire aisles, now the Lady Chapel and Suffolk Regimental chapel, two chantry chapels and a north and south porch. The south porch was removed during a restoration in 1830s, and St Wolstan's chapel was added on the north-west side. The interior has been updated with modern utilities since then as well. 
Choir.
St Mary's has a traditional Anglican choir of boys and gentlemen, and has a long choral tradition spanning 600 years, which remained untouched even during Puritan times. The choir has toured to Spain, Turkey, Cyprus, Israel and Malta, and offers regular evensongs at cathedrals including Canterbury and St Paul's.
Organs and organists.
The main organ is a four-manual instrument with 74 speaking stops. A second organ, a chamber organ, has four stops and is ideal as a continuo instrument where the main organ would be inappropriate. More details of the organs can be found at the National Pipe Organ Register[http://www.npor.org.uk/cgi-bin/Rsearch.cgi?Fn=Rsearch&rec_index=A00307]. The current director of music is Peter Tryon, former organ scholar of Winchester Cathedral. The assistant director of music is Adrian Marple, former organ scholar of Hatfield College, Durham.

</doc>
<doc id="20876960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876960" title="Jacques Chazot">
Jacques Chazot

Jacques Chazot, (b. 25 September 1928 in Locmiquélic (Morbihan), d. 12 July 1993 in Monthyon (Seine-et-Marne) was a French dancer and socialite.
Biography.
He joins Opéra de Paris in 1947. In 1956, he joins Opéra-Comique. The same year, he writes "Les Carnets de Marie-Chantal", thus creating a character who is the archetype of the snobbish socialite.
He was a very close friend of Françoise Sagan.
He became famous through television, dancing in many television shows of the 1970s. He was at the time one of the very few people to appear on television and be openly gay.
He had a throat cancer and spent the final years of his life in castle of Monthyon, a property in the vicinity of Paris owned by Jean-Claude Brialy.

</doc>
<doc id="20876988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876988" title="Boris Fraenkel">
Boris Fraenkel

Boris Fraenkel (1921, Free City of Danzig - 23 April 2006, Pont du Garigliano, Paris) was a Communist politician active in French and international politics.
Biography.
To 1950.
Fraenkel was born to Jewish parents in 1921 in Danzig (then an independent territory, thus allowing him a stateless status) now in northern Poland. He began by fighting for extreme-left Zionism under Hashomer Hatzair, where Marxist ideology mixed with Jewish nationalism. Arriving in France in 1938, to study agriculture at Nancy, he moved to study chemistry and in 1940 joined his mother at Grenoble, where he just missed being raided by the Gestapo. He then fled to Switzerland and was interned in the Gierenbad camp in Zürich, where he met the novelist and philosopher Manes Sperber, the future Racine specialist, Lucien Goldmann, and Aby Wieviorka, a major translator from Yiddish in Paris. Despite the very difficult conditions, he managed to take a course in political economy in the camp and there for the first time in a clandestine cell of a Trotskyite party, joining with Jost von Steiger (nephew of conseiller fédéral Eduard von Steiger, then chef du département de Justice et Police). Expelled from Switzerland in 1949 for participating to a conference on Marxism and Judaism, he was assigned to the French police at Grenoble. He then took several jobs, such as secretary to the painter Sonia Delaunay and as an organiser for CEMEA, where he met his wife Denise Salomon.
1950-79.
An "intellectual without a work", Fraenkel passed his life reading, translating and popularising theses by authors such as Reich, Marcuse ("Eros et Civilisation"), Lukács, and Trotsky. He met the philosopher Herbert Marcuse, with whom he had an intellectual conversation marked by mutual respect. Organiser of the "Partisans" review, edited by François Maspero, he was one of the founders of the Internationalist Communist Organisation in 1958 at the time of the Trotskyite secession. He was expelled from it in 1966 by Pierre Boussel alias "Lambert", for having published texts by Wilhelm Reich without having gained the copyright for them.
In 1966, he translated the "La Lutte sexuelle des jeunes" ("Young people's sexual struggle") with Jean-Marie Brohm, announcing one of the themes highlighted in May 1968. On 22 March 1967, at Nanterre, he set up a conference entitled "Jeunesse et sexualité" ("Youth and Sexuality") within the university, marked by its successes in May 1968. On 9 June 1968 the police tried to expel him to West Germany, which refused to take him and denied him German nationality since his birthplace of Danzig no longer existed as a state. He found himself put under house arrest at Sarlat in Dordogne (he was freed thanks to a protest campaign launched by François Maspero). To accelerate his release, Denise married him on 25 December 1969. In the course of the 1970s he began to retire.
During the 1960s and '70s Fraenkel crossed the path of many persons who became public personalities - politicians such as Alain Krivine and Lionel Jospin, university lecturers such as Jean-Marie Brohm and Georges Vigarello, as well as many journalists.
2001-06.
Fraenkel re-appeared in public life in 2001, when he had an impact on the French presidential campaign by revealing (as he had already done in 1997) Lionel Jospin's Trotskyite past. Jospin had been introduced to him by Robert Lacondemine, one of his comrades in Dugny's cell (other members were Fraenkel, Denise and the historian Pierre Broué, who located him at a wedding in Burgundy and referred to Fraenkel as "a young intellectual with a happy air who joined the ENA").
Fraenkel told the "Nouvel Observateur":
In 2002 he decided to join the Ligue communiste révolutionnaire "to break his isolation", but was disappointed by it and did not long remain a member.
Boris Fraenkel committed suicide on 23 April 2006 by jumping into the Seine from a bridge near Gare de Lyon. His body was found two days later at the level of the 8e arrondissement de Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20876989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876989" title="Wind turbine aerodynamics">
Wind turbine aerodynamics

The primary application of wind turbines is to extract energy from the wind. Hence, the aerodynamics is a very important aspect of wind turbines. Like many machines, there are many different types all based on different energy extraction concepts. Similarly, the aerodynamics of one wind turbine to the next can be very different. 
Overall the details of the aerodynamics depend very much on the topology. There are still some fundamental concepts that apply to all turbines. Every topology has a maximum power for a given flow, and some topologies are better than others. The method used to extract power has a strong influence on this. In general all turbines can be grouped as being lift based, or drag based with the former being more efficient. The difference between these groups is the aerodynamic force that is used to extract the energy.
The most common topology is the horizontal-axis wind turbine (HAWT). It is a lift based wind turbine with very good performance, accordingly it is a popular for commercial applications and much research has been applied to this turbine. In the latter part of the 20th century the Darrieus wind turbine was another popular lift based alternative but is rarely used today. The Savonius wind turbine is the most common drag type turbine, despite its low efficiency it is used because it is robust and simple to build and maintain.
General aerodynamic considerations.
The governing equation for power extraction is given below:
The force "F" is generated by the wind interacting with the blade. The primary focus of wind turbine aerodynamics is the magnitude and distribution of this force. The most familiar type of aerodynamic force is drag. The direction of the drag force is parallel to the relative wind. Typically, the wind turbine parts are moving, altering the flow around the part. An example of relative wind is the wind one would feel cycling on a calm day.
To extract power, the turbine part must move in the direction of the net force. In the drag force case, the relative wind speed decreases subsequently, and so does the drag force. The relative wind aspect dramatically limits the maximum power that can be extracted by a drag based wind turbine. Lift based wind turbine typically have lifting surfaces moving perpendicular to the flow. Here, the relative wind will not decrease in fact it increases with rotor speed. Thus the maximum power limits of these machines is much higher than drag based machines.
Characteristic parameters.
Different wind turbines will come in different sizes. Then once the wind turbine is operating it will experience a wide range of conditions. This variability complicates the comparison of different types of turbines. To deal with this, nondimensionalization is applied to various qualities. One of the qualities of nondimensionalization is that when geometrically similar turbines will produce the same non-dimensional results, while because of other factors (difference in scale, wind properties) produce very different dimensional properties. This allows one to make comparisons between different turbines, while eliminating the effect of things like size and wind conditions from the comparison.
The coefficient of power is the most important variable in wind turbine aerodynamics. Buckingham π theorem can be applied to show that non-dimensional variable for power is given by the equation below. This equation is similar to efficiency, so values between 0 and less than one are typical. However, this is not exactly the same as efficiency so in practice some turbines can exhibit greater than unity power coefficients. In these circumstances one cannot conclude the first law of thermodynamics is violated because this is not an efficiency term by the strict definition of efficiency.
Equation () shows two important dependents. The first is the speed (U) that the machine is going at. The speed at the tip of the blade is usually used for this purpose, and is written as the product of the blade radius and the rotational speed of the wind (U=omega*r, where omega = rotational velocity in radians/second).clarify This variable is nondimensionalized by the wind speed, to get the speed ratio:
The force vector is not straightforward, as stated earlier there are two types of aerodynamic forces, lift and drag. Accordingly there are two non-dimensional parameters. However both variables are non-dimensionalized in a similar way. The formula for lift is given below, the formula for drag is given after:
The aerodynamic forces have a dependency on W, this speed is the relative speed and it is given by the equation below. Note that this is vector subtraction.
Maximum power of a drag based wind turbine.
Equation () will be the starting point in this derivation. Equation () is used to define the force, and equation () is used for the relative speed. These substitutions give the following formula for power.
The formulas () and () are applied to express () in nondimensional form:
It can be shown through calculus that equation () achieves a maximum at formula_6. By inspection one can see that equation () will achieve larger values for formula_7. In these circumstances, the scalar product in equation () makes the result negative. Thus, one can conclude that the maximum power is given by:
Experimentally it has been determined that a large formula_4 is 1.2, thus the maximum formula_1 is approximately 0.1778.
Maximum power of a lift based wind turbine.
The derivation for a the maximum power of a lift based machine is similar, with some modifications. First we must recognize that drag is always present, thus cannot be ignored. It will be shown that neglecting drag leads to a final solution of infinite power. This result is clearly invalid, hence we will proceed with drag. As before, equations (), () and () will be used along with () to define the power below expression.
Similarly, this is non-dimensionalized with equations () and (). However in this derivation the parameter formula_11 is also used:
Solving the optimal speed ratio is complicated by the dependency on formula_12 and the fact that the optimal speed ratio is a solution to a cubic polynomial. Numerical methods can then be applied to determine this solution and the corresponding formula_1 solution for a range of formula_12 results. Some sample solutions are given in the table below.
Experiments have shown that it is not unreasonable to achieve a drag ratio (formula_12) of approximately 0.01 at a lift coefficient of 0.6. This would give a formula_1 of about 889. This is substantially better than the best drag based machine, hence why lift based machines are superior. 
In the analysis given here, there is an inconsistency compared to typical wind turbine non-dimensionalization. As stated in the preceding section the A in the formula_1 non-dimensionalization is not always the same as the A in the force equations () and (). Typically for formula_1 the A is the area swept by the rotor blade in its motion. For formula_3 and formula_4 A is the area of the turbine wing section. For drag based machines, these two areas are almost identical so there is little difference. To make the lift based results comparable to the drag results, the area of the wing section was used to non-dimensionalize power. The results here could be interpreted as power per unit of material. Given that the material represents the cost (wind is free), this is a better variable for comparison.
If one were to apply conventional non-dimensionalization, more information on the motion of the blade would be required. However the discussion on Horizontal Axis Wind Turbines will show that the maximum formula_1 there is 16/27. Thus, even by conventional non-dimensional analysis lift based machines are superior to drag based machines.
There are several idealizations to the analysis. In any lift based machine (aircraft included) with finite wings, there is a wake that affects the incoming flow and creates induced drag. This phenomenon exists in wind turbines and was neglected in this analysis. Including induced drag requires information specific to the topology, In these cases it is expected that both the optimal speed ratio and the optimal formula_1 would be less. The analysis focused on the aerodynamic potential, but neglected structural aspects. In reality most optimal wind turbine design becomes a compromise between optimal aerodynamic design, and optimal structural design.
Horizontal axis wind turbine.
The aerodynamics of a horizontal-axis wind turbine (HAWT) are not straightforward. The air flow at the blades is not the same as the airflow further away from the turbine. The very nature of the way in which energy is extracted from the air also causes air to be deflected by the turbine. In addition the aerodynamics of a wind turbine at the rotor surface exhibit phenomena that are rarely seen in other aerodynamic fields.
Angular momentum and the Lanchester–Betz–Joukowsky limit.
Energy in fluid is contained in four different forms: gravitational potential energy, thermodynamic pressure, kinetic energy from the velocity and finally thermal energy. Gravitational and thermal energy have a negligible effect on the energy extraction process. From a macroscopic point of view, the air flow about the wind turbine is at atmospheric pressure. If pressure is constant then only kinetic energy is extracted. However up close near the rotor itself the air velocity is constant as it passes through the rotor plane. This is because of conservation of mass. The air that passes through the rotor cannot slow down because it needs to stay out of the way of the air behind it. So at the rotor the energy is extracted by a pressure drop. The air directly behind the wind turbine is at sub-atmospheric pressure; the air in front is under greater than atmospheric pressure. It is this high pressure in front of the wind turbine that deflects some of the upstream air around the turbine. 
Frederick W. Lanchester was the first to study this phenomenon in application to ship propellers, five years later Nikolai Yegorovich Zhukovsky and Albert Betz independently arrived at the same results. It is believed that each researcher was not aware of the others work because of World War One and the Bolshevik Revolution. Thus formally, the proceeding limit should be referred to as the Lanchester–Betz–Joukowsky limit. In general Albert Betz is credited for this accomplishment because he published his work in a journal that had a wider circulation, while the other two published it in the publication associated with their respective institution, thus it is widely known as simply the Betz Limit.
This is derived by looking at the angular momentum of the air passing through the wind turbine. As stated above some of the air is deflected away from the turbine. This causes the air passing through the rotor plane to have a smaller velocity than the free stream velocity. The ratio of this reduction to that of the air velocity far away from the wind turbine is called the axial induction factor. It is defined as below:
The first step to deriving the Betz limit is applying conservation of angular momentum. As stated above the wind loses speed after the wind turbine compared to the speed far away from the turbine. This would violate the conservation of momentum if the wind turbine was not applying a thrust force on the flow. This thrust force manifests itself through the pressure drop across the rotor. The front operates at high pressure while the back operates at low pressure. The pressure difference from the front to back causes the thrust force. The momentum lost in the turbine is balanced by the thrust force.
Another equation is needed to relate the pressure difference to the velocity of the flow near the turbine. Here the Bernoulli equation is used between the field flow and the flow near the wind turbine. There is one limitation to the Bernoulli equation: the equation cannot be applied to fluid passing through the wind turbine. Instead conservation of mass is used to relate the incoming air to the outlet air. Betz used these equations and managed to solve the velocities of the flow in the far wake and near the wind turbine in terms of the far field flow and the axial induction factor. The velocities are given below as: 
"U"4 is introduced here as the wind velocity in the far wake. This is important because the power extracted from the turbine is defined by the following equation. However the Betz limit is given in terms of the coefficient of power formula_25. The coefficient of power is similar to efficiency but not the same. The formula for the coefficient of power is given beneath the formula for power:
Betz was able to develop an expression for formula_25 in terms of the induction factors. This is done by the velocity relations being substituted into power and power is substituted into the coefficient of power definition. The relationship Betz developed is given below:
The Betz limit is defined by the maximum value that can be given by the above formula. This is found by taking the derivative with respect to the axial induction factor, setting it to zero and solving for the axial induction factor. Betz was able to show that the optimum axial induction factor is one third. The optimum axial induction factor was then used to find the maximum coefficient of power. This maximum coefficient is the Betz limit. Betz was able to show that the maximum coefficient of power of a wind turbine is 16/27. Airflow operating at higher thrust will cause the axial induction factor to rise above the optimum value. Higher thrust cause more air to be deflected away from the turbine. When the axial induction factor falls below the optimum value the wind turbine is not extracting all the energy it can. This reduces pressure around the turbine and allows more air to pass through the turbine, but not enough to account for lack of energy being extracted.
The derivation of the Betz limit shows a simple analysis of wind turbine aerodynamics. In reality there is a lot more. A more rigorous analysis would include wake rotation, the effect of variable geometry. The effect of airfoils on the flow is a major component of wind turbine aerodynamics. Within airfoils alone, the wind turbine aerodynamicist has to consider the effect of surface roughness, dynamic stall tip losses, solidity, among other problems.
Angular momentum and wake rotation.
The wind turbine described by Betz does not actually exist. It is merely an idealized wind turbine described as an actuator disk. It's a disk in space where fluid energy is simply extracted from the air. In the Betz turbine the energy extraction manifests itself through thrust. The equivalent turbine described by Betz would be a horizontal propeller type operating with infinite blades at infinite tip speed ratios and no losses. The tip speed ratio is ratio of the speed of the tip relative to the free stream flow. This turbine is not too far from actual wind turbines. Actual turbines are rotating blades. They typically operate at high tip speed ratios. At high tip speed ratios three blades are sufficient to interact with all the air passing through the rotor plane. Actual turbines still produce considerable thrust forces. 
One key difference between actual turbines and the actuator disk, is that the energy is extracted through torque. The wind imparts a torque on the wind turbine, thrust is a necessary by-product of torque. Newtonian physics dictates that for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. If the wind imparts a torque on the blades then the blades must be imparting a torque on the wind. This torque would then cause the flow to rotate. Thus the flow in the wake has two components, axial and tangential. This tangential flow is referred to as wake rotation. 
Torque is necessary for energy extraction. However wake rotation is considered a loss. Accelerating the flow in the tangential direction increases the absolute velocity. This in turn increases the amount of kinetic energy in the near wake. This rotational energy is not dissipated in any form that would allow for a greater pressure drop (Energy extraction). Thus any rotational energy in the wake is energy that is lost and unavailable.
This loss is minimized by allowing the rotor to rotate very quickly. To the observer it may seem like the rotor is not moving fast; however, it is common for the tips to be moving through the air at 6 times the speed of the free stream. Newtonian mechanics defines power as torque multiplied by the rotational speed. The same amount of power can be extracted by allowing the rotor to rotate faster and produce less torque. Less torque means that there is less wake rotation. Less wake rotation means there is more energy available to extract. 
Blade element and momentum theory.
The simplest model for horizontal axis wind turbine (HAWT) aerodynamics is blade element momentum (BEM) theory. The theory is based on the assumption that the flow at a given annulus does not affect the flow at adjacent annuli. This allows the rotor blade to be analyzed in sections, where the resulting forces are summed over all sections to get the overall forces of the rotor. The theory uses both axial and angular momentum balances to determine the flow and the resulting forces at the blade. 
The momentum equations for the far field flow dictate that the thrust and torque will induce a secondary flow in the approaching wind. This in turn affects the flow geometry at the blade. The blade itself is the source of these thrust and torque forces. The force response of the blades is governed by the geometry of the flow, or better known as the angle of attack. Refer to the Airfoil article for more information on how airfoils create lift and drag forces at various angles of attack. This interplay between the far field momentum balances and the local blade forces requires one to solve the momentum equations and the airfoil equations simultaneously. Typically computers and numerical methods are employed to solve these models. 
There is a lot of variation between different versions of BEM theory. First, one can consider the effect of wake rotation or not. Second, one can go further and consider the pressure drop induced in wake rotation. Third, the tangential induction factors can be solved with a momentum equation, an energy balance or orthogonal geometric constraint; the latter a result of Biot-Savart law in vortex methods. These all lead to different set of equations that need to be solved. The simplest and most widely used equations are those that consider wake rotation with the momentum equation but ignore the pressure drop from wake rotation. Those equations are given below. a is the axial component of the induced flow, a' is the tangential component of the induced flow. formula_29 is the solidity of the rotor, formula_30 is the local inflow angle. formula_31 and formula_32 are the coefficient of normal force and the coefficient of tangential force respectively. Both these coefficients are defined with the resulting lift and drag coefficients of the airfoil:
Corrections to blade element momentum theory.
Blade element momentum (BEM) theory alone fails to represent accurately the true physics of real wind turbines. Two major shortcomings are the effect of discrete number of blades and far field effects when the turbine is heavily loaded. Secondary shortcomings come from dealing with transient effects like dynamic stall, rotational effects like coriolis and centrifugal pumping, finally geometric effects that arise from coned and yawed rotors. The current state of the art in BEM uses corrections to deal with the major shortcoming. These corrections are discussed below. There is as yet no accepted treatment for the secondary shortcomings. These areas remain a highly active area of research in wind turbine aerodynamics. 
The effect of the discrete number of blades is dealt with by applying the Prandtl tip loss factor. The most common form of this factor is given below where B is the number of blades, R is the outer radius and r is the local radius. The definition of F is based on actuator disk models and not directly applicable to BEM. However the most common application multiplies induced velocity term by F in the momentum equations. As in the momentum equation there are many variations for applying F, some argue that the mass flow should be corrected in either the axial equation, or both axial and tangential equations. Others have suggested a second tip loss term to account for the reduced blade forces at the tip. Shown below are the above momentum equations with the most common application of "F":
The typical momentum theory applied in BEM is only effective for axial induction factors up to 0.4 (thrust coefficient of 0.96). Beyond this point the wake collapses and turbulent mixing occurs. This state is highly transient and largely unpredictable by theoretical means. Accordingly, several empirical relations have been developed. As the usual case there are several version, however a simple one that is commonly used is a linear curve fit given below, with formula_35. The turbulent wake function given excludes the tip loss function, however the tip loss is applied simply by multiplying the resulting axial induction by the tip loss function. 
The terms formula_38 and formula_32 represent different quantities. The first one is the thrust coefficient of the rotor, which is the one which should be corrected for high rotor loading (i.e., for high values of formula_40), while the second one (formula_41) is the tangential aerodynamic coefficient of an individual blade element, which is given by the aerodynamic lift and drag coefficients.
Aerodynamic modeling.
BEM is widely used due to its simplicity and overall accuracy, but its originating assumptions limit its use when the rotor disk is yawed, or when other non-axisymmetric effects (like the rotor wake) influence the flow. Limited success at improving predictive accuracy has been made using computational fluid dynamics (CFD) solvers based on Reynolds-averaged Navier–Stokes (RANS) and other similar three-dimensional models such as free vortex methods. These are very computationally intensive simulations to perform for several reasons. First, the solver must accurately model the far-field flow conditions, which can extend several rotor diameters up- and down-stream and include atmospheric boundary layer turbulence, while at the same time resolving the small-scale boundary-layer flow conditions at the blades' surface (necessary to capture blade stall). In addition, many CFD solvers have difficulty meshing parts that move and deform, such as the rotor blades. Finally, there are many dynamic flow phenomena that are not easily modelled by RANS, such as dynamic stall and tower shadow. Due to the computational complexity, it is not currently practical to use these advanced methods for wind turbine design, though research continues in these and other areas related to helicopter and wind turbine aerodynamics.
Free vortex models (FVM) and Lagrangian particle vortex methods (LPVM) are both active areas of research that seek to increase modelling accuracy by accounting for more of the three-dimensional and unsteady flow effects than either BEM or RANS. FVM is similar to lifting line theory in that it assumes that the wind turbine rotor is shedding either a continuous vortex filament from the blade tips (and often the root), or a continuous vortex sheet from the blades' trailing edges. LPVM can use a variety of methods to introduce vorticity into the wake. Biot-Savart summation is used to determine the induced flow field of these wake vorticies' circulations, allowing for better approximations of the local flow over the rotor blades. These methods have largely confirmed much of the applicability of BEM and shed insight into the structure of wind turbine wakes. FVM has limitations due to its origin in potential flow theory, such as not explicitly modelling model viscous behavior (without semi-empirical core models), though LPVM is a fully viscous method. LPVM is more computationally intensive than either FVM or RANS, and FVM still relies on blade element theory for the blade forces.

</doc>
<doc id="20876994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876994" title="Selvarajah Yogachandran">
Selvarajah Yogachandran

Selvarajah Yogachandran, also known as Kuttimani was one of the leaders of the former Tamil militant organization TELO from Sri Lanka. He started his career as a smuggler. In Sri Lanka, the word 'smuggler' is used by the government's police to tarnish the image of Tamil militants who are from the northern region. He was arrested and sentenced to death, and was killed in the 1983 Welikada prison massacre 
Before his death, Kuttimani was officially nominated to the Vaddukoddai constituency in October 15, 1982, when the then sitting member of TULF party, T.Thirunavukkarau died on August 1, 1982. However the legal sources, then under the control of President J. R. Jayewardene, ruled that Kuttimani's nomination as a member of parliament was invalid. The then Prisons Commissioner Priya Delgoda announced on October 16, 1982 that Kuttimani would not be released from prison to take his oaths at the parliament. Kuttimani's appointment was gazetted while he was under a sentence of death. In a statement issued to explain the reasons for nominating Kuttimani to the vacant parliamentary seat, the TULF officials included five. Among these are two prominent reasons: (1) Kuttimani's nomination is a token protest against the state terrorism perpetrated from time to time through the agencies of the police and military personnel especially on the young Tamils of the country. (2) It is a protest against the death penalty imposed on Kuttimani and Jegan. Subsequently on February 4, 1983, Kuttimani's death sentence was commuted to life imprisonment under the general amnesty proclaimed by President Jayewardene. After this, Kuttimani resigned his Vaddukoddai seat in the parliament, to which he was nominated. 

</doc>
<doc id="20877000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877000" title="Elena Makarova">
Elena Makarova

Elena Alekseyevna Makarova (, born February 1, 1973) is a Russian former professional tennis player.
Makarova played in the Sony Ericsson WTA Tour between 1991 and 1999. Her best performances were in 1995, when she was ranked no. 36 in doubles, and in 1996, when she was ranked no. 43 in singles.

</doc>
<doc id="20877018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877018" title="Cantonment Hill, Fremantle">
Cantonment Hill, Fremantle

Cantonment Hill is a small rise overlooking the port city of Fremantle, Western Australia. Since the early 1900s the hill and the surrounding precinct has been mainly used for military purposes with extensive buildings now present. It has been under the control of the Department of Defence.
The area was originally known as Dwerda Weeardinup, or 'place of the Dingo Spirit' to local indigenous Noongar inhabitants.
The site includes the last remaining stand of pre-European settlement Rottnest Island Pine ("Callitris preissii") on the mainland.
History.
In 1892 it was gifted by the Crown to the City of Fremantle in perpetuity "for the purposes of a public garden". 
The Artllery Barracks in Burt Street were built on the site between 1910 and 1913 for Royal Australian Garrison Artillery, who manned the coastal defence batteries at Fort Arthur Head and Fort Forrest (North Fremantle). During World War I the site was used as a rehabilitation hospital for injured soldiers returning from the Western Front and later as an internment camp and as a quarantine station.
During World War II further development at the site was undertaken, including construction of a tunnel network to an underground control room, and a large warehouse on the north-eastern side. This latter bears Navy insignia and the motto "non sibi sed patriæ".
By the early 1950s, the property ceased to be used as military barracks but remained under Defence control. The artillery barracks buildings were used from 1948 onwards as a training venue for the Army Reserve and in 1995 the Army Museum of Western Australia moved to the site, where they currently remain. The barracks are the oldest continuously occupied defence site in Western Australia.
The Port of Fremantle constructed the existing signal station "(pictured)" in 1956.
Return to public ownership.
In 1989 the Department of Defence mooted plans to dispose of the property. Options considered have been the sale of the property to Notre Dame University and a transfer to the Government of Western Australia by way of a Centenary of Federation of Australia gift from the Federal Government. Progress in negotiations was stalled however, as the parties have requested the Commonwealth to provide funding to reinstate the site to a usable condition—then Premier Geoff Gallop announced in September 2003 that the Government had formally declined the offer.
Since 1997, a community based Cantonment Hill Residents Action Group has lobbied for its return to the City according to the original gift and its restoration and retention as public property with full public access.
On the 21st of January, 2010, the Prime Minister announced that Cantonment Hill, including Tuckfield Oval, would be sold back to the people of Fremantle. The Council will reportedly pay $76,000 for the land, and has plans to rehabilitate the vegetation and build walking paths and picnic facilities. The signal station will also be turned into a café and "Aboriginal interpretive centre". The handover is to be completed by March.

</doc>
<doc id="20877034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877034" title="Property retailer">
Property retailer

A Property Retailer is a UK term defined by the Office of Fair Trading to describe the services of an organisation marketing property for sale, but not offering Estate Agency services. Property Retailers are usually online based. Estate Agents in the UK are regulated by the Office of Fair Trading/The Property Ombudsman, and there is also legislation relating to property descriptions and procedures which must be adhered to. Estate Agent services include fielding enquiries on behalf of sellers, arranging appointments and viewings, and handling negotiations.
The Office of Fair Trading make a point of stating that some Property Retailers may actually be acting as Estate Agents and could therefore be breaking the law relating to the provision of Estate Agency Services. There are now a huge number of property websites often set up quite cheaply as a sideline. Many offer a service by charging a one off fee. 
External links.
^ http://www.oft.gov.uk/advice_and_resources/resource_base/legal/estate-agents-act/retailers

</doc>
<doc id="20877042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877042" title="Theo Harding">
Theo Harding

Charles Theodore 'Theo' Harding (1860 – 13 July 1919) was an English-born international rugby union player who played club rugby for Newport and international rugby for Wales. Harding was an all-round sportsman and also captained Newport Hockey Club in their very first season.
Rugby career.
Harding was one of the first Newport players and was given the captaincy of the club in the 1887/88 and the 1888/89 season. During the 1888 Harding twice faced the first overseas touring team the New Zealand Māoris. The first occasion was also Harding's first cap for Wales, when under the captaincy of Frank Hill, the Welsh team beat the tourists five points to nil. Four days later, on 26 December, Harding led his Newport team against the Māori's, but without star player and Welsh legend Arthur Gould, Newport's supporters were not optimistic of success. They were proven right when the Māoris won three tries to nil.
In 1889, Harding was selected to represent Wales twice as part of the Home Nations Championship. Wales lost both games of the tournament against Scotland and Ireland, and Harding was not chosen to represent his country again.
International matches played.
Wales (rugby union)

</doc>
<doc id="20877045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877045" title="H. M. Green">
H. M. Green

Henry Mackenzie Green (2 May 1881 – 9 September 1962) was a journalist, librarian and literary historian born in Sydney, Australia.
In 1921 Green succeeded John Le Gay Brereton as librarian at the University of Sydney.
In 1944 he married Dorothy Auchterlonie.
His "An Outline of Australian Literature" was published in 1930 and "Australian Literature 1900-1950" was published in 1951. His two-volume "A History of Australian Literature Pure and Applied" was published in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="20877052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877052" title="The Transmitters (band)">
The Transmitters (band)

The Transmitters were a British art rock/post-punk band active during the late 1970s and throughout the 1980s. Mixing elements of punk, jazz and psychedelia, the band were critical favourites throughout their lifetime and played support slots for a wide variety of underground and mainstream bands, although this did not translate into substantial commercial success. 
The Transmitters are also notable for featuring future members of Loop Guru and Transglobal Underground and for sharing two members with cult pop band Furniture, as well as a guest stint by Glaxo Babies vocalist Rob Chapman. Their sound was compared to (among others) The Fall, XTC, Gang Of Four, This Heat and Magazine.
History.
1970s Transmitters.
Formation and early releases.
The band formed in Ealing, West London in 1977. The original lineup was John Quinn (vocals – also known as “John Clegg”, “John Grimes” or “John X”), Sam Dodson (guitar, aka “Sam Dodds”), Simon “Sid” Wells (bass), Amanda de Grey (keyboards), Jim Chase (drums) and Dexter O'Brian (lyrics - real name Christopher McHallem). Guitarists Steve Walsh (Manicured Noise) and John Guillani (from O'Brian's other band The Decorators) also stood in as live members at various times.
The band’s debut single was "Party", released on Ebony Records in 1978. This was followed in the same year by the album "24 Hours".
On December 29, 1978, the band played a concert at the Electric Ballroom, Camden, supporting The Police. On February 15, 1979, they supported an early lineup of The Human League at the Nashville Rooms, West London. (Other bands played with during this period include Scritti Politti, The Birthday Party, Dolly Mixture, The Slits, Alternative TV, The Fall and Blurt.)
A concert at the Greenwich Theatre on March 18, 1979 was reviewed by both NME and Record Mirror Review. Writing in the latter, Chris Westwood said “The Transmitters were, as is their forte, unpredictable, uncalculatedly comic, inspiring and brilliant... The sound is open, free, off-the-cuff, bound together through all the stumbling, fumbling chaos that their approach entails. “The One That Won The War”, par example, a personal favourite, damn near falls apart at the seams, with clattering whining guitar thrashes mating with probably the most essential bass phrase this side of any other Transmitters number you care to name.” NME’s Paul Morley described the music as “feverish and jumpy” and stated “The Transmitters are the cheekiest group I've seen since The Mekons; the wackiest I've seen since Public Image (and almost as sinister). They were, of course, great. Naturally, their music is of Velvets' ancestry; deceptively nonchalant, barely controlled, repetitive, erratic and intoxicating, presented with an odd, wry condescension.”
The same reviews paid plenty of attention to the band’s stage presence, in particular that of the charismatic John Quinn. Describing Quinn as “inscrutable”, Morley also claimed that he had “the comedy timing of a Dave Allen, the detachment of a Devoto, the amused poise of a Mark Smith, the cool of a Sinatra.” Meanwhile, Westwood was entertained by the group’s ramshackle presentation - “A serious set? That may have been the intent, but one look at John, the vocalist, and a crowd can crack up. He stumbles around, fag in mitt, flanked by a drunken bass player (Simon Wells), a drunken guitarist (Sam Dodson), a workmanlike drummer (Jim Chase), and the strangely sombre on-stage persona of keyboardist, Amanda De Grey.”
During 1979, Dodson (along with de Grey and Wells) sometimes performed in The Good Missionaries - the art rock band led by Mark Perry, which had evolved out of Perry's previous band Alternative TV. Perry occasionally returned the favour by playing with The Transmitters.
First Peel Session, further releases and initial split.
Gaining the attention and approval of DJ John Peel, the band recorded a Peel Session in 1979, following which Dexter O'Brian left the band. (Under his real name of Christopher McHallem, he would retrain as an actor and spend three years in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", playing the character "Rod Norman" between 1987 and 1990, before branching out into screenwriting.)
In September 1979, The Transmitters released two singles within the same month. The first was their last release on Ebony Records, "Nowhere Train", of which Lenny Kaye (in Melody Maker) commented “The Transmitters, in an eerie, dronal tune, call up the ghosts of serpent power, a neat bit of seance, just following tracks…”
The second of the September singles was the four track EP "Still Hunting For The Ugly Man" (on new label Step-Forward Records) which hit Number 2 in the Our Price New Wave Charts. In NME, Paul Morley described it as “an obsessive, frustrated record. Consistently effective and annoying, it rummages restlessly out on lunatic fringes. It's difficult, discomforting and oppressively manic, but worth exploring.” Morley also drew comparisons to The Fall, noting that “both groups are cynics and critics. Both groups are fronted by hurried, mocking inciters. Both groups deal with instabilities, abnormalities, ambitious truths... and make demented shell-shocked music.”
The Transmitters played a pro-National Abortion Campaign benefit gig at the Hope & Anchor, Islington, London on October 28, 1979. Reviewing the concert in Sounds, Nick Tester reflected “The Transmitters were a useful choice for a movement (all about choice) fighting a pitiful and regressive male intrusion. They borrow from a wide source - early psychedelia, Beefheart, through to even Essential Logic - but furrow the influences into a style which demands to be taken on its own merits. Comparisons are so limited that I find it hard to avoid the much mistaken and inflexible term 'progressive'. Further to this, their music, whether cautious or dissipated, is always underlined by a devilishly impulsive awareness and wicked streak of unpredictability. They play a serious game of musical hide and seek… In a set that switched with as much consistency as a knackered fluorescent light the Transmitters were always compelling and somehow evaded a possible self-destructive urge.“
The Transmitters succumbed to internal pressures and "exploded" in 1980.
Transmitters Presumed Dead.
Soon after the split a new Ealing-based band emerged, called Transmitters Presumed Dead. As the name implied this was a merger between members of Transmitters (Dodson, Wells and Chase) and members of the similarly defunct band Missing Presumed Dead (Mikel Lee and Dave Baby). Tim Whelan (one of the two singers of Furniture) was recruited to sing lead vocals.
Chris Westwood reviewed the new band’s concert at the Trafalgar, Shepherds Bush in Record Mirror, concluding “The ramshackle remnants of The Transmitters and Missing Presumed Dead have assembled in the name of fun, chaos and roo-beat enterprise. The end - and beautifully unrehearsed - result is a temporary six piece, sax and flute and guitars and drums, that quite honestly asks questions of all our established and revered leaders. Why is everyone else so sober? We're working on a smale scale here; in a Shepherd's Bush pub with people being silly, playing sloppily but with undeniable width, stamina, ingenuity. Mikel (Presumed Dead) sings and dances, spins tinny guitar in the path of writing saxophone (Dave, Presumed Dead) and more jarring, clashing guitar (Sam, presumed drunk) while the conglomorate stagger from number to number: "Q-Tips" and "Catholics", "Kill the Postman" and "Change Gear". There’s even a ska-like destruction of "Sugar Sugar", where everything is so bad but brilliant - guitars out of tune, vocals all over the shop - but the actual point of TPD lies not in their affected clumsiness but in transforming clever and demanding music into a touching, entertaining sort of hobby.”
1980s Transmitters.
Launch of second lineup, and second album.
Transmitters Presumed Dead soon transformed into the second Transmitters lineup of Sam Dodson (guitar), Sid Wells (bass), Dave Baby (saxophone) and Julian Treasure (drums, ex Fish Turned Human) with Mikel Lee leaving and Rob Chapman (lead vocals, ex Glaxo Babies) replacing Tim Whelan. This band recorded a second Peel Session in 1981, as well as releasing the second Transmitters album - "And We Call That Leisure Time" - on Bristols' Heartbeat Records later in the year.
Transmitters in transit (1982-1987).
The lineup of The Transmitters continued to change over the years. Baby, Wells and Treasure all left at various points during the 1980s; Treasure was replaced by the returning Jim Chase, and Whelan also returned to the line-up (replacing Chapman). Several more musicians passed through The Transmitters during this period – including guitarist Vince Cutcliffe and keyboard player Bob Sargeant (aka “the Hand of Borgus Wheems”). Live performances were augmented by several other “floating” members - Joe Sax and theremin player John Woodley.
In 1985, a Transmitters song called “Sheep Farming” became the first song to be remixed by a new worldbeat outfit called Loop Guru (which happened to be led by head Transmitter Sam Dodson).
Final lineup and recordings.
The band’s final lineup (between 1987 and 1989) was Dodson, Whelan, Chase, James McQueen (bass), Dave “Mud-Demon” Muddyman (keyboards/accordion/sampler, ex-Birdloom) and Whelan’s Furniture colleague Hamilton "Hami" Lee (drums, sampler). This lineup recorded tracks for a third Transmitters album which was not released during the band’s lifetime. This music finally saw the light of day as "Count Your Blessings (1987/89)", which was released as a free download album in 2006 by Portuguese digital record label You Are Not Stealing Records.
Reviewing a gig at Subterrania, London in 1988, Melody Maker’s Chris Roberts claimed “Tim Whelan is the most restless man alive and demonstrates this by dancing like a young Jackson, pacing like Mark E Smith, and hurling himself at the floor like any-age Iggy. He spits forth his topical angst ("there's a hole in the world") while his lanky henchmen beat manifold drums, extract Haitian war chants from keyboard thingies, and scratch shrill guitars like jaguars assaulting sandpaper. They tangle with the Velvets' "Ferryboat Bill" quite swimmingly and, all things assimilated, are a cathartic anglepoise on the heart of darkness. Highly wrecked and mended.”
The Transmitters released a 12-inch single, “The Mechanic”, on yet another label (9CC/Craving Co Productions) in 1989. Writing in Music Week, Dave Henderson described it as “like Stump never happened, wanton artiness, expressing-yourself tendencies and other such angles are exposed.” 
The band split up for the second time later in 1989.
Post-split.
Tim Whelan and Hamilton Lee (Transglobal Underground).
Whelan and Lee continued to write and play with their other band, Furniture, until 1990. They launched their own highly successful worldbeat project Transglobal Underground two years later in 1992, which immediately scored a hit with the “Temple Head” single and has remained as a high-profile dance act ever since.
Sam Dodson & Dave Muddyman (Loop Guru etc).
Dodson and Muddyman (under the pseudonyms of “Salman Gita” and “Jamuud”) continued with their worldbeat project Loop Guru), launching the project in full in 1992. 
Dodson also teamed up with Loop Guru singer Linda Finger, Damned’s drummer Rat Scabies, Psychic TV’s Jim Daly (aka “Jym Darling”) and jazz singer Liz Fletcher to form Slipper, an electronica-and-vocal project with elements of gospel and jazz. Described as “Portishead with a sense of humour” the project released two albums (2000’s "Invisible Movies" and 2002’s "Zoon Sandwich", both on Rephlex Records) and a mini-album called "Earworms" (released on the Mechanism label in 2002). Another Transmitters player, theremin player John Woodley, was a frequent contributor.
Dodson and Daly also teamed up as Thaw, another electronica project blending urban trance techno with ancient vocal chants and “tribal rhythms”. Thaw released the "Holy Cat" album on Dodson’s record label Elsewhen in 2005.
Most recently, Dodson has teamed up with Neil Sparkes (ex-Transglobal Underground and a current Temple Of Sound member) to form Loungeclash, whose debut album "Dread Time Story" was released on Warlock Records/Sony Red USA on February 19, 2008.
In addition to his Loop Guru membership, Dave Muddyman is currently a member of Hoopy Froods, Round Way Wrong and MuudMap.
Various members (The Flavel Bambi Septet).
Circa 1991, Whelan and Lee reunited with Julian Treasure, Jim Chase and James McQueen in The Flavel Bambi Septet, a light-hearted Ealing-based world music band named after a gas cooker 
and dedicated to the performing of classic Arabic and Middle Eastern pop music standards, oriental classics, Russian polkas, Nigerian brass band favourites and Klezmer tunes. During its existence, the band made regular performances at Club Dog and Waterman's Art Centre (in West London) and also made an appearance at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe as the house band for a variety theatre show.
2007 reunion.
The Transmitters reunited in March 2007 to promote the compilation album "I Fear No One", which included the recordings from their first Peel session in 1979. This album was released on March 12, 2007 on the Dodson-owned record label Elsewhen Records. 
The band performed a reunion gig at The Inn on the Green, Ladbroke Grove, West London on March 30, 2007. The band lineup on this occasion was very similar to the final 1980s lineup, consisting of Sam Dodson (guitar), Tim Whelan (vocals), James McQueen (bass), John Woodley (theremin and keyboards), Jim Chase (drums) and Hamilton Lee (drums and sampler). It’s not yet clear whether this reunion is longterm or whether it was simply a short-lived promotional exercise.

</doc>
<doc id="20877055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877055" title="Strisser på Samsø">
Strisser på Samsø

Strisser på Samsø (A Cop on Samsø) is a Danish television series in 12 episodes, written and directed by Eddie Thomas Petersen. Produced by Per Holst Filmproduktion, it was first broadcast on TV2 in 1997-1998. The story tells how Christian Torp, a police officer who has lost his wife in an unsuccessful robbery, brings his daughter Sille to the Danish island of Samsø looking for peace and quiet. They have difficulty in integrating into a society full of problems where everyone knows everything about everybody, but they find a friend in Ulla, a secretary. Among others, it stars Lars Bom, Amalie Dollerup and Jesper Milsted. The series was entitled "Island Cop" when broadcast in subtitled form on Ireland's TG4 channel.

</doc>
<doc id="20877057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877057" title="Riederwaldstadion">
Riederwaldstadion

Riederwaldstadion is a stadium in Seckbach district of Frankfurt am Main in Germany. It is traditionally the home ground of Eintracht Frankfurt U23.
The stadium was destroyed during the World War II in 1943 and was rebuilt in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20877061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877061" title="Admir Mehmedi">
Admir Mehmedi

Admir Mehmedi (born 16 March 1991) is a Switzerland international footballer who plays as a striker for SC Freiburg on loan from Dynamo Kyiv.
Early life.
Admir Mehmedi was born in Gostivar, Macedonia. He is of Albanian heritage. At the age of two, his family emigrated from Macedonia to Switzerland and he soon joined local side Bellinzona, before signing for FC Winterthur, from where Zürich scouted him. In 2006 he moved to Zürich. Mehmedi came through the youth system after being spotted as a youngster and joined the senior team in 2008.
Club career.
Zürich.
Mehmedi began his senior career with FC Zürich at the age of seventeen. Within two years he was included in the first-team squad and by 2010 he was a first-team regular. He made his senior side debut on On the 20 July 2008 and scored two goals in eleven appearances, in addition to winning the Swiss Super League in his debuting season with the club.
Being a first team regular in 2010, Mehmedi established himself as a physical striker. Excellent in the box as well as having a good turn of pace, he was also technically great. During his time with Zürich, Mehmedi scored nineteen goals and provided nine assists.
In the January transfer window in 2012, Mehmedi received transfer offers from Sunderland A.F.C., Liverpool FC and 1. FC Nürnberg. However, Mehmedi moved to Dynamo Kyiv.
Dynamo Kyiv.
On January 13, 2012, Admir Mehmedi joined Dynamo Kyiv from FC Zürich on a five-year deal. During his season and a half with Kyiv, Mehmedi mainly played coming off from the bench. Seeking more playing time and to be included again in the Switzerland national team, Mehmedi moved to Bundesliga team SC Freiburg
Freiburg.
On the 11 July 2013, Mehmedi moved to SC Freiburg initially to join on loan, although his contract also stipulates that Freiburg have an option to make the move permanent. Freiburg's acting sporting director Klemens Hartenbach stated that he was delighted the transfer went through. Hartenbach stated "He's a very versatile attacking player who understands the game and has already proven he can play at the highest level".
International career.
Under-21.
Mehmedi was a crucial member of the Swiss U-21 side in the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship. Mehmedi received the silver boot with three goals in the tournament and was selected in the UEFA Euro U-21 2011 Team of the Tournament. Along with Xherdan Shaqiri, Mehmedi was being tipped as the future of Swiss football.
Senior team.
Mehmedi made his debut for the Swiss national team against England, in a Euro 2012 qualifying game, coming on as a substitute. Mehmedi scored his first goal for Switzerland in his side's 5-3 win over Germany. The Swiss national side had not beaten the Germans since 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20877062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877062" title="T. V. Ramprasadh">
T. V. Ramprasadh

T. V. Ramprasadh (b. Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, May 13, 1969) is one of the prominent Carnatic classical vocalists of India.
Musical lineage and style.
After his training from Mahalakshmi Natrajan (Bombay) and Sharada Satyanarayana, Ramprasadh received his advanced training from maestros like Padma Bhushan P. S. Narayanaswamy, Sangita Kalacharya S Rajam, T. V. Gopalakrishnan and R.R. Keshavamurthy
In Ramprasadh's rendition, the purity of the classical form is maintained and his music is an amalgamation of the Semmangudi/ PSN school and the school of S Rajam (student of Ambi Dikshitar), who is a torch bearer of the Dikshitar baani.
Teacher.
TVR has trained students in India and other countries. He has conducted workshops and undertaken teaching assignments in UK, US, Germany, France, the Netherlands, Austria and Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="20877063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877063" title="120 mm Italian naval gun">
120 mm Italian naval gun

Italian 120 millimetre naval guns were standard main armament on Italian destroyers. The "Leone" class had the M1918/19 Pattern, but this was superseded by the O.T.O. 1926 Pattern for the "Sella", "Sauro" and "Turbine" classes. The Navigatori class introduced the improved 50 calibre Ansaldo 1926 Pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="20877087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877087" title="Austin Pearce">
Austin Pearce

Sir Austin "William" Pearce CBE was the Chairman of British Aerospace from 1980 until 1987. He was born on 1 September 1921 and died March 21, 2004. He was educated at Devonport High School for Boys, Plymouth and Birmingham University.
In 1942 he left university with a degree in Chemical Engineering and joined the Petroleum Warfare Department working on incendiary devices at the same time as his doctorate.
He began his industrial career with the Agwi Petroleum Corporartion. When this became part of Esso he rose rapidly, eventually becoming Managing Director in 1968. In retirement he continued to hold important posts such as the Prochancellorship of Surrey University.

</doc>
<doc id="20877089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877089" title="Jimmy Robertson (footballer born 1880)">
Jimmy Robertson (footballer born 1880)

James "Jimmy" Robertson (1880 – after 1955) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as an inside right.
Born in Glasgow, he moved to England to join Crewe Alexandra, then playing in the Birmingham & District League, where he made his name as a goal-poacher. He signed for Small Heath, newly promoted to the Football League First Division in 1903 for a fee of £25, but failed to adapt to League football. Two years later, along with fellow Small Heath players Jimmy Windridge and Bob McRoberts, he moved to Chelsea, where he scored 21 goals in the club's first season in the Football League, including 1 goal in the F.A Cup rounds. Spells followed with Leyton, Partick Thistle, Ayr United, Barrow, Leeds City and Gateshead Town, before he retired in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="20877108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877108" title="Bendapudi Venkata Satyanarayana">
Bendapudi Venkata Satyanarayana

Dr. Bendapudi Venkata Satyanarayana (30 January 1927 – 15 August 2005) was known as 'the doyen of dermatology' in Andhra Pradesh, India.
Family.
He was born in 1927 in Eluru, West Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh in a well known family of Bendapudi. He is survived by two sons, one of them is also dermatologist.
Education.
He graduated from Andhra Medical College, Visakhapatnam in 1952. He was awarded the Diploma in Venereology by Dr. P. Rangaiah and 
Dr. M. V. Krishnamurthy. In 1955, he was deputed to the Calcutta School of Tropical Medicine for advanced training in dermatology.
Academic career.
He was posted as the Lecturer and Head of the Department of Dermatology, Andhra Medical College, in 1956. Earlier Dr. Govindan Nair was heading both the departments of Dermatology and Venereology. He was the first qualified dermato-venereologist in India, with an MD (Dermatology) from All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi, in 1962. Dr. K. C. Kandhari was his teacher.
He was the first qualified teacher in dermatology in Andhra Pradesh. His post in Andhra Medical College was elevated to that of Professor in 1965 and he served the Department untiringly for more than twenty years. He started post-graduate courses in dermatology, Diploma in Dermatology in 1964 and MD in Dermatology in 1967, being the second after AIIMS, New Delhi. He was formulating the syllabus and structure of Diploma in Leprology, the first of its kind in India. He was the first dermatologist to be awarded MAMS, Dermato-venereology in 1968 by the National Academy of Medical Sciences. He was a post-graduate examiner in practically all Indian universities.
During his long tenure as a Professor, the Department of Dermatology in Andhra Medical College, Visakhapatnam was well known for research and postgraduate teaching. The Department contributed many articles to many journals and about 25 candidates qualified for MD in Dermatology and 23 for Diploma in Dermatology.

</doc>
<doc id="20877111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877111" title="Westenhanger Castle">
Westenhanger Castle

Westenhanger Castle is a fortified manor house once owned by royalty, located next to Westenhanger railway station and the grandstand of Folkestone Racecourse in Kent. The castle has endured a period of steady decline to near ruination in recent years, but the current owners have engaged a programme of consolidation, conservation and restoration to the castle and adjoining buildings. It is now being used as a conference and wedding venue.
History.
In its heyday, Westenhanger Castle was a fortified 14th century quadrangular manor house reflecting the opulence of its owners at that time. However, its history began almost 1,000 years ago, in 1035, when King Canute owned the estate.
The de Criol family was initially responsible in 1343 for the early building of a permanent structure on the site. The castle stayed in the family until the Wars of the Roses when Sir Thomas de Criol or Kyriell was beheaded the day after the Second Battle of St Albans by order of Queen Margaret of Anjou. Sir Thomas de Criol had no sons, and Westenhanger came to his son-in-law, Sir John Fogge. The manor house at the time contained 126 rooms.
Westenhanger has a rich history with royalty and nobility, being connected with Henry II, Rosamund de Clifford, Edward Poynings, Henry VIII, Queen Elizabeth I, Customer Smythe and Lord Strangford.
In 1588, under the ownership of Customer Smythe, Queen Elizabeth used the castle as the command centre for Kent’s 14,000 troops who were to defend the south coast from the Spanish Armada.
In 1656, the exiled Charles II was persuaded to return to England, and Westenhanger, ideally located close to the English coast. Thousands of armed men were instructed to hide in the surrounding woodlands and when the King entered the house, word would be given for them to rush in and murder the King and his followers. However, the King was forewarned as he was about to leave for England.
Current.
Through the centuries, the castle has been reduced in size and suffered serious neglect. Since the mid-1990s, the current owners have been working with English Heritage to consolidate the stonework and prevent further deterioration of the manor house, castle walls and associated buildings. The impressive medieval barns which stand intact outside the curtain wall have recently been reunited with the castle under one ownership and work is ongoing to restore these barns to something near their original state.
It is now being hired out as a conference and wedding venue. Access is via the entrance to the racecourse, off the Westenhanger segment of Stone Street.
Colonisation of America.
Westenhanger Castle is now home to a replica of the "Discovery", one of the three ships that entered Chesapeake Bay on May 13, 1607. Sir Thomas Smythe, the founder of the expedition, was the son of Thomas ‘Customer’ Smythe, who was granted Westenhanger (or Ostenhanger, as it was then) as a reward for his service as the Queen’s collector of imports. The younger Thomas commissioned the construction of "Discovery" for the East India Company in 1600 and, along with the "Susan Constant" and "Godspeed", the ship sailed for Virginia on December 19, 1606 under captain John Smith, arriving on May 13 the following year.
As a result of this expedition, the first permanent English-speaking settlement in the New World was subsequently established at Jamestown, Virginia, forming a base for what would later become the United States of America.
On December 19, 2008 the replica of the Discovery was presented to Westenhanger Castle by the Jamestown UK Foundation, a charity set up to commemorate the 400th anniversary of the founding of Jamestown in 1607.

</doc>
<doc id="20877115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877115" title="Nadarajah Thangathurai">
Nadarajah Thangathurai

Nadarajah Thangathurai, was one of the leaders of former Tamil militant organization TELO from Sri Lanka. He was inspired by Marxism. He was arrested and sentenced to life imprisonment and was killed in 1983 Welikada prison massacre along with the other TELO leader Selvarajah Yogachandran.

</doc>
<doc id="20877120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877120" title="Brick House (Clifford, Virginia)">
Brick House (Clifford, Virginia)

Brick House, also known as Garland House or King David's Palace, is a historic home located in the village of Clifford (formerly, New Glasgow), Amherst County, Virginia. It is a two-story Federal Style, Flemish bond brick house with a projecting pavilion. It was built about 1803 by David Shepherd Garland, later a U.S. Congressman, and measures 65 feet by 44 feet. Two additions were made during the nineteenth century; the first, about 1830, behind the east parlor and the second, about 1850, was adjacent to the dining room and the first addition.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. It is located in the Clifford-New Glasgow Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="20877125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877125" title="Venkatapuram, Krishna">
Venkatapuram, Krishna

VenkataPuram is a village in Krishna district, Andhra Pradesh, India. The village population is 1500.

</doc>
<doc id="20877134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877134" title="Harry Polewacz">
Harry Polewacz

Harry Polewacz (31 March 1909 — 12 January 1943) was an Obersturmbannführer in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Harry Polewacz was born on the 31 March 1909 in Berlin.
He volunteered to join the SS and was posted to the Leibstandarte SS "Adolf Hitler" in command of the 10th Company.
He was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in September 1939, during the Polish Campaign and the Iron Cross 1st class in June 1940 during the Battle of France.
In late 1940 he posted to the new SS Division being formed SS Division (mot.) "Wiking" and given command of the III. Battalion, 9th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "Germania".
Polewacz next participated in Operation Barbarossa the invasion of the Soviet Union, where he was awarded the German Cross in Gold in December 1941.
He was awarded the Knight's Cross in December 1942, when in command of the III. Battalion, SS Regiment "Nordland".
Polewacz was killed in action on the 12 January 1943, near Orlowsky, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="20877135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877135" title="Codex Baroccianus">
Codex Baroccianus

Baroccianus is an adjective applied to manuscripts indicating an origin in the "Baroccianum", a Venetian collection assembled by the humanist Francesco Barozzi (Barocius). A large part of that collection was sold after the death of Iacopo Barozzi or Barocci (1562-1617), nephew and heir to Francesco; and the purchase by William Herbert, 3rd Earl of Pembroke led in turn to his donation in 1629 of a substantial collection of Greek manuscripts from the Baroccianum to the Bodleian Library. The designation "Codex Baroccianus" followed by a number is an indication that a manuscript is in the Bodleian Catalogue and has its provenance in this donation.
History.
The Earl of Pembroke's purchase cost him £700; his donation was bound in 242 volumes. He was persuaded to make the deal and gift by William Laud. Some remaining manuscripts from the collection were given by Oliver Cromwell in 1654. Both Pembroke and Cromwell were Chancellor of the University of Oxford at the time of their gifts.
In fact the manuscripts of Barozzi were already with Laud: they had been brought to England by Henry Featherstone in 1628. Featherstone acted as agent for the Bodleian, from 1621. The origins of the Oxford University Press are connected with Laud's plan to have these manuscripts edited and published, even though it took around 40 years and the efforts of John Fell to take the practical steps to create a scholarly publishing house in Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20877137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877137" title="Allá">
Allá

Allá is a rock band formed by three young Chicanos (Mexican-Americans) from Chicago: Jorge Ledezma (guitars, keyboards, vibraphone, composer & producer), his brother Angel Ledezma (drums) and Lupe Martinez (vocals, guitar and keyboards). As inspired by German krautrock (Can, Faust), 60s pop productions (from Phil Spector to Tamla Motown) and electronica as by Mexican trio music and Brazilian Tropicalia, they aim at producing a kind of psychedelic Latin pop/rock. The band members previously collaborated in an instrumental band called Defender, and the Ledezma brothers have played with former Can singer Damo Suzuki.
Allá's debut album was produced over a 4-year period by Jorge Ledezma with sound engineer Colin Studybaker (Iron and Wine, National Trust). Recordings took place in and around Chicago, at Clava Studios, Engine Music, (Tortoise's) John McEntire's Soma Electronic Studios & others, as well as at Tambourine Studios in Sweden, where Jorge laid down the string and horn arrangements alongside arranger Patrik Bartosch (Eggstone, The Cardigans). Entitled "Es Tiempo", the album came out on Crammed Discs in 2008.
Allá are about to release a mini-album of cover versions, entitled "Digs" and recorded as a tribute to artists who have inspired them: Faust, The Residents, John Cale/Terry Riley, Mexican psych-rock band from the '70s Los Dug Dugs, and Kanye West.
In Spanish, "Allá" means "over there", and is the word used by Chicanos when talking about their parents' homeland, as well as by Mexicans when talking about the USA. The very ambiguity of the word perfectly represents how Jorge, Lupe and Angel feel: they truly feel that they're the product of these combined cultures, neither here nor there.

</doc>
<doc id="20877158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877158" title="Allaf">
Allaf

Allaf (علاف) is an Arabic surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20877161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877161" title="Canning Contour Channel">
Canning Contour Channel

The Canning Contour Channel is a series of made-made concrete channels and steel and cast iron pipelines in the Darling Scarp in Western Australia constructed between July 1935 and December 1936. The project was a Depression era public works scheme to carry potable water from just below Canning Dam through the hills around and above Roleystone and Kelmscott to a screening, fluoridation and pumping station near Gosnells by following the natural contours of the Canning Valley—hence it was entirely gravity fed. Where a tributary valley needed to be crossed, suspended or siphoning pipelines were used. From Gosnells the water entered the city's pipeline distribution system.
The channel supplied drinking water to the metropolitan area of Perth from 1940 to 1975 before becoming redundant after the construction of the Canning Tunnel in the mid-1970s. Until the construction of Serpentine Dam in 1961, Canning Dam and the channel were the main sources of water supply for Perth. Large sections of the disused channel and associated infrastructure remain and provide useful bush-walking routes.
In 1950 a section of the channel collapsed at Araluen causing severe water restrictions in Perth for several weeks.
Course.
The channel starts at a stilling chamber on the north bank of the Canning river, just below the Canning Dam. After just over 200 meters, it enters a siphon to cross the Canning river. It then flows alongside McNess Drive down the Canning valley. A siphon is used to cross McNess Drive near the junction with Bristol Road and it also crosses the Canning river to the North bank. The channel flows to the north of Croyden Road into Roleystone to a point above Brookton Highway, which is crossed with a siphon. The channel continues west, then north-west to cross Peet road between Knuckey Drive and Beales Crescent. It follows Contour Road to the west, and uses a siphon to cross Slab gully. Further channels and siphons continue west to cross Canning Mills Road near Martin Street, and then north, crossing Turner Road on its way to its destination in Martin on Mills Road.
Construction.
It was built by the Public Works Department for the Metropolitan Water Supply and was designed under the direction of several prominent engineers of the era: Russell Dumas, E. W. Tindale, Victor Munt and Don Munro. Engineers E. H. Oldham and J. W. Allen supervised the construction project. This was the same team which had overseen the design and construction of the Canning Dam and which was completed in 1940. Construction commenced in June 1935 and was completed in January 1937.
The project was a considerable technical achievement which required a high degree of manual labour due to the hilly terrain which made it difficult to access with mechanical equipment. Most of the construction was carried out by unemployed men on relief work.
Prior to completion, water from the partially filled Canning Dam and the pipehead dam below was conveyed to Perth through a pipeline to Kelmscott and a pipeline from there to the storage reservoir at Mount Eliza in Kings Park. Once the dam wall was completed and the dam had filled the pipeline was discontinued. A pipeline carried the water from Gosnells to Cannington where it was diverted to Fremantle and King's Park.
Three hundred and twenty men were laid off when construction was completed and the total cost of the project was £125,000, less than the estimated £155,000.
The typical profile of the Channel is a culvert approximately wide at its base with raking sides at 45 degrees banking up to the natural ground level where the top of the channel is approximately wide with a depth of approximately . The channel was cut from the natural ground or rock and then lined with concrete made from Western Australian made cement mixed with locally sourced oolithic laterite aggregate.
Pipework across shallow gullies was typically cast iron of varying diameters, joined by lead seals. Deeper gullies were crossed using steel pipes joined by welding.
A separate contour channel ran north from Canning Dam to allow Mundaring Weir to be replenished with water from Canning Dam. This is now inaccessible as it is within the Dam's water catchment areas. Another channel ran from Kangaroo Gully near Karragullen into Canning Dam to augment the water catchment.

</doc>
<doc id="20877192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877192" title="Serge Rubanraut">
Serge Rubanraut

Serge Rubanraut (16 March 1948, Shanghai – 12 October 2008, Sydney) was an Australian chess master.
He won Australian Chess Championship at Sydney 1976, and represented Australia in the 22nd Chess Olympiad at Haifa 1976. 
He died at the age of 60 from a heart attack, and was buried in the Jewish section of Rookwood Cemetery, Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="20877209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877209" title="List of Strigopoidea">
List of Strigopoidea

Of the nine species in the New Zealand parrot superfamily Strigopoidea, the Norfolk Kaka and Chatham Kaka went extinct in recent history. The last known individual of the Norfolk Kaka died in its cage in London sometime after 1851, and only between seven and 20 skins survive. The Chatham Kaka went extinct in pre-European times, after Polynesians settled the island, between 1550 and 1700, and is only known from subfossil bones. Of the surviving species, the Kākāpō is critically endangered, with only living individuals. The mainland Kākā is listed as endangered, and the Kea is listed as vulnerable. The Nestoridae genus Nelepsittacus consists of four extinct species.
Species list.
Nestoridae.
There are two surviving species and at least one well documented extinct species of the Nestoridae family. Very little is known about the Chatham Kaka, and it may have been con-specific with another Kaka species, or a separate species belonging to the genus.
Strigopidae.
The Kākāpō is the only member of the Strigopidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="20877223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877223" title="Ligue communiste révolutionnaire">
Ligue communiste révolutionnaire

Ligue communiste révolutionnaire may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20877238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877238" title="Kayne McLaggon">
Kayne McLaggon

Kayne Simeon McLaggon (born 21 September 1990) is a Welsh footballer who plays as a striker for Weston-super-Mare. He started his career at Southampton.
Club career.
Southampton.
McLaggon was born in Barry and went to Barry Comprehensive School from where he joined the Southampton Academy. He came up through the ranks of the Saints youth system, signing professional forms in September 2007 on his 17th birthday.
He was given the number 42 shirt ahead of Southampton's Championship fixture on 26 December 2008 at Home Park against Plymouth Argyle and made his first team debut as a second half substitute, replacing Lee Holmes after 58 minutes. He then starred on his home debut on 28 December, coming off the bench against Reading and setting up Saints' opening goal with a pacy run out of midfield, before supplying David McGoldrick, who finished well past Adam Federici in the Reading goal.
McLaggon scored his first Southampton goal on 27 January 2009, scoring the first of two goals towards Southampton's comeback against Norwich City. 
He joined Conference National team Eastbourne Borough on a month's loan on 11 November 2009 after recovering from a long term injury.
Salisbury City.
He was released by Southampton on 15 May 2010 and joined Salisbury City on 4 August. He went on to form a good partnership with Jake Reid.
Bristol Rovers.
On 11 July 2011, McLaggon signed a one-year contract with Bristol Rovers.
Weston-super-Mare.
On 6 September 2012, McLaggon signed for Weston-super-Mare. He scored his first goal for the club on 6 November 2012 in a 4–3 loss to Frome Town in the Somerset Premier Cup. On 26 March 2013, McLaggon scored his first hattrick for the club in a 3–1 win, away to Sutton United.
International career.
McLaggon has won nine Welsh under–17 caps (with two goals) and six at under–19 level.

</doc>
<doc id="20877243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877243" title="2000 ABC Under-20 Championship">
2000 ABC Under-20 Championship

The ABC Under-20 Championship 2000 is the 3rd edition of the International Basketball Federation FIBA Asia's championship for young men basketball. The games were held at Doha from August 22–30, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20877251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877251" title="George Murray (Nova Scotia politician)">
George Murray (Nova Scotia politician)

George Murray (November 2, 1828 – February 12, 1888) was a physician and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Pictou County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1867 to 1871 as an Anti-Confederation Party member.
He was born at Barneys River, Pictou County, Nova Scotia, and educated at the Pictou Academy. He received a M.D. in Pennsylvania in 1850. In 1854, he married Mary Patterson. Murray died in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia at the age of 59.

</doc>
<doc id="20877272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877272" title="2007–08 Rugby-Bundesliga">
2007–08 Rugby-Bundesliga

The 2007-08 Rugby-Bundesliga was the 37th edition of this competition and the 88th edition of the German rugby union championship. The season went from 25 August 2007 to 31 May 2008, ending with the relegation final.
Overview.
In 2007-08, eight teams played a home-and-away season with a final between the top two teams at the end, which was won by the SC 1880 Frankfurt. It was the clubs fifth German title and its first in 83 years, having last won it in 1925. It was a rematch of the 2006-07 final, also played in Frankfurt am Main, which SC 1880 had lost to Heidelberg 15-23. Alongside the national championship final, the 2nd Bundesliga final was played as a curtain raiser for the game.
Last placed RK Heusenstamm would have been relegated but the league was expanded to nine teams for 2008-09 and no team had to drop down to the 2nd Bundesliga. This was decided on 19 July 2008 at the annual meeting of the German rugby association. The decision was made to expand the league to ten teams for the 2009-10 season.
Nominally, the eight placed team in the league would be relegated while the seventh placed team had to play the loser of the 2nd Bundesliga final for one more league place. The 2nd Bundesliga champion is directly promoted, which was the RK 03 Berlin in 2008.
The 2007-08 final was sponsored by the French bank Société Générale. It was not broadcast live on television but the Deutsches Sportfernsehen showed one hour of highlights the following Monday.

</doc>
<doc id="20877273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877273" title="Urumpirai">
Urumpirai

Urumpirai [http://www.eurumpirai.com/] ( Urumpirāy) is a town in Northern Jaffna District, Sri Lanka. It is located 9 km from the city of Jaffna.
Urumpirai Temples(உரும்பிராய் கோயில்கள்.)
katpakappillaiyar templeஉரும்பிராய் கற்பக விநாயகா்ஆலயம் 
உரும்பிராய் ஊரில் நடைபெறும் நிகழ்வுகளை உடனுக்குடன் அறிந்து கொள்ள www.eurumpirai.com
our village website urumpirai.com
See also.
Urumpirai katpakappillaiyar,
urumpirai inaiyam
urumpirai web

</doc>
<doc id="20877276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877276" title="Maxon Crumb">
Maxon Crumb

Maxon Crumb (born 1945) is an American artist and the younger brother of underground cartoonist Robert Crumb. 
Maxon initially started painting as a way to deal with his own personal demons. However, he has subsequently come to utilize it to support himself, replacing his previous need to panhandle.
Maxon's early work can be found in works such as "Weirdo", "Liquidator", "Maxon's Poe" (1997), and "Crumb Family Comics" (Last Gasp, 1998). 
His first published novel, "HardCore Mother" (2000) was a study of incest and sadism. Since the publication of "HardCore Mother" (2001) his work has found a wider audience.
Paintings and ink drawings can take weeks or months to complete. During this time Maxon says that he will enter into an intense creative state where the work becomes paramount, to the detriment of normal everyday concerns including eating.
Maxon's drawings are available online as well as fine art limited edition prints.
Maxon practices celibacy and has done for many years because, as he has explained in interviews, for him, sex triggers epileptic seizures.

</doc>
<doc id="20877284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877284" title="The White Road">
The White Road

The White Road is the fifth novel in Lynn Flewelling's Nightrunner series. Set in a fictional universe, the novel follows the adventures of a complex thief and his apprentice. It is preceded by Luck in the Shadows, Stalking Darkness, Traitor's Moon and Shadows Return. The White Road was released on May 25, 2010.
Plot.
Having escaped death and slavery in Plenimar, Alec and Seregil want nothing more than to go back to their nightrunning life in Rhíminee. Instead they find themselves saddled with Sebrahn, a strange, alchemically created creature—the prophesied “child of no woman”. Its moon-white skin and frightening powers make Sebrahn a danger to all whom Alec and Seregil come into contact with, leaving them no choice but to learn more about Sebrahn’s true nature.
As Sebrahn will never be accepted in the Sarikali, Seregil and Alec travel over to the Bôkthersa clan to talk to a "dragon friend" for guidance. He presents them to his dragon, who immediately recognizes Sebrahn, and tells them that the Hâzadriëlfaie have dragon blood in their veins and that the alchemists hunt them to create a serum to prolong life. As a result to their problem he counsels that they must destroy Yhakobin's books. At the same time, Ulan's people find Ilar and bring him over to Virrése. He coaxes the story from him and takes Ilar over to Riga to recover the books.
The Hâzadriëlfaie receive word of Sebrahn from the retha'noi and, realizing that Alec is still alive, send the "Ebrados", a group of hunters, to retrieve him and Sebrahn, along with Tyrmari, a male witch, as a guide. They catch Alec, Seregil and Micum on Tamír's Road with the help of the local retha'noi and Seregil manages to strike a bargain with them. Their leader, Rieser goes with them over to Riga to get the books and Sebrahn remains as a hostage.
They take board "Green Lady" and Thero creates a pair of brands for each of them, while Seregil forges warrants of ownership for Micum. On the port they recognize Ulan's Virrése ship and guess that he has come on the same errand. Unfortunately, he gets ahead of them and steals the books from Yhakobin's house the morning before the planned theft. Seregil spots Ilar and makes Alec remain outside while he ventures in Ulan's Riga house. Ilar spots him and begs him to forgive him, despite Ulan order that he turn Seregil in on sight. Instead he allows himself to be tricked into revealing the hiding place of the books before Seregil knocks him out.
He meets Rieser, Micum and Alec and they all speed toward the port, hoping to elude the chase, which they do, for a while. When they find out they cannot burn the books, Seregil cuts them in two and each of them takes half. The soldiers find them again and they make a stand at a cottage near the shore. Seregil sneaks out and, after encountering captain Rhal, he returns to the cottage and they all break through, but Rieser catches an arrow in his collarbone.
Back in Skala, Hâzadriën heals him and he announces that he will leave Alec alone as he doesn't believe he'll let himself be caught once again. This is received with anger by the retha'noi who resolve to destroy Sebrahn, which they call an abomination. He calls upon the owls, who blind the retha'noi archers while Sebrahn himself kills the witches. In the aftermath, Alec understands that he has to give up Sebrahn as he cannot care for him and he seems to need the presence of the other tayan'gil. They return to Rhíminee, and resume their Watcher lives.

</doc>
<doc id="20877285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877285" title="Winton (Clifford, Virginia)">
Winton (Clifford, Virginia)

Winton is a historic home located at Clifford, Amherst County, Virginia. It is a two-story, late-Georgian, frame structure with three bays on the main facade, several additions to the rear, and a prominent two-story portico. It is said to have been built by Colonel Joseph Cabell (1732-1798) in about 1770, who sold Winton to his friend Colonel Samuel Meredith, Jr. in 1779. He was a close friend of his near neighbor Patrick Henry, and married his sister Jane Henry. Patrick Henry's mother, Sarah Winston Syme Henry, lived at Winton and is buried in the cemetery on the grounds. In 1967, an anonymous donor gave it to the County of Amherst to be leased to a corporation and run as a country club.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. It is located in the Clifford-New Glasgow Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="20877286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877286" title="Alfredo Rizzotti">
Alfredo Rizzotti

Alfredo Rullo Rizzotti, generally known as Alfredo Rizzotti (Serrana (São Paulo state) August 15, 1909 — São Paulo May 12, 1972) was a Brazilian artist, that worked with painting, drawing and interior design.

</doc>
<doc id="20877296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877296" title="Robert Chambers (Canadian politician)">
Robert Chambers (Canadian politician)

Robert Chambers (ca 1813 – August 29, 1875) was a merchant and politician in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Colchester County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1867 to 1871 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Newport, Nova Scotia, the son of Robert Chambers. He married Nancy Blair Archibald. Chambers was a justice of the peace. He died in Truro.

</doc>
<doc id="20877311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877311" title="WISA (disambiguation)">
WISA (disambiguation)

WISA may stand for: 

</doc>
<doc id="20877313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877313" title="SM-65E Atlas">
SM-65E Atlas

The SM-65E Atlas, or Atlas-E, was an operational variant of the Atlas missile. It first flew on 11 October 1960, and was deployed as an operational ICBM from September 1961 until April 1966. Following retirement as an ICBM, the Atlas-E, along with the Atlas-F, was refurbished for orbital launches as the Atlas E/F. The last Atlas E/F launch was conducted on 24 March 1995, using a rocket which had originally been built as an Atlas-E.
As fully operational ICBMs, the Atlas E and F (which differed only in guidance systems) had upgraded engines and inertial control instead of the Atlas D's radio ground guidance.
Atlas-E launches were conducted from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, at Launch Complexes 11 and 13, and Vandenberg Air Force Base at OSTF-1, LC-576 and SLC-3.
The first Atlas E launch attempt was carried out from LC-13 at Cape Canaveral on October 11, 1960. It and the second launch on November 30 both failed due to loss of sustainer engine hydraulic pressure at around one minute into the flights. Flight #3 on January 24, 1961 was lost due to a control problem with the vernier engines. The fourth attempt on February 24 was successful and the fifth and sixth tries in March were partial successes.
After two successful Atlas E flights in May, testing at Vandenberg AFB in California began. On June 7, an attempt to launch Missile 27E from a coffin silo failed when the vehicle suffered combustion instability and exploded at liftoff, putting the pad out of commission for six months. This was followed by another failure at Cape Canaveral two weeks later when Missile 17E went out of control and disintegrated 30 seconds after launch.
As the June 1961 accident had curtailed launches at Vandenberg until Complex OSFT-1 could be repaired, subsequent Atlas E flights during the year took place from Cape Canaveral and most of them were successful. But in November, an attempt to launch a biological mission with a squirrel monkey named Goliath ended in disaster as the Atlas's sustainer engine and verniers shut down almost immediately at liftoff. The booster engines managed to retain attitude control until a fire broke out in the engine compartment and caused the right booster engine to shut down followed by loss of electrical power. With all control lost, the Atlas was destroyed by Range Safety at T+33 seconds (Goliath survived the explosion of the Atlas, but was killed on impact with the ocean; the capsule and its unfortunate passenger were recovered three days later). Despite these mishaps, the Atlas E was declared operational that month.
The Atlas E and F were phased out of use as operational ICBMs in 1965 and replaced by the hypergolically-fueled Titan II. Decommissioned Atlas missiles were then used for military satellite launches well into the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20877321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877321" title="Red Riding">
Red Riding

Red Riding (2009) is a three-part television adaptation of English author David Peace's "Red Riding Quartet" (1999–2002). The quartet comprises the novels "Nineteen Seventy-Four" (1999), "Nineteen Seventy-Seven" (2000), "Nineteen Eighty" (2001) and "Nineteen Eighty-Three" (2002) and the first, third, and fourth of these books became three feature-length television episodes — "Red Riding 1974", "Red Riding 1980", and "Red Riding 1983". They aired in the UK on "Channel 4" beginning on 5 March 2009 and were produced by "Revolution Films". The three films were released theatrically in the US in February 2010.
Set against a backdrop of serial murders during 1974–1983, including the Yorkshire Ripper killings, the books and films follow several recurring fictional characters through a bleak and violent world of multi-layered police corruption and organised crime. Although real-life crimes are referenced, the plot is fiction rather than a documentary or factual account of events. Both the books and films mix elements of fact, fiction and conspiracy theory – a confection dubbed "Yorkshire Noir" by some critics – and are notable for a chronologically fractured narrative and for defying neat or trite endings and resolutions. (Yorkshire, Britain's largest county, is broken into three administrative areas known as the Ridings — North, East, and West. There is no "Red" Riding, except in the metaphorical sense.)
Plot summaries.
"Red Riding 1974".
1974. Eddie Dunford (Andrew Garfield) is a cocky and naïve cub "Yorkshire Post" reporter. John Dawson (Sean Bean) is an unscrupulous local businessman developer. Their paths cross when Dunford investigates a series of murdered or missing girls, one of whom is found on Dawson's property, tortured, raped, and strangled with swan wings stitched into her back. Dawson has bought the help of the West Yorkshire Constabulary (WYC) and the local councillors the latter allowing him to purchase land and gain permission for construction of a shopping centre. The Romani camp on the land is burned down. 
Dunford is spurred on by comments from people, including his friend Barry Gannon (Anthony Flanagan), the latter warned of trouble and then killed in an accident. An elusive male prostitute, B.J. (Robert Sheehan) passes incriminating materials gathered by Gannon about local officials. Dunford believes that during the investigation of Gannon's death he has found a friend in reform. Dunford also becomes romantically involved with a missing girl's mother, Paula Garland (Rebecca Hall). He also learns from her that she is both sexually involved with Dawson and has known him all their lives. 
Dunford ignores corrupt WYC officers' threats to lay off the story, including keeping away from Dawson's institutionalised wife. Despite twice beaten, he continues eventually being arrested after storming into Dawson's private house party. During the police interrogation, he is shown the dead body of Paula. The Gannon materials are passed to the officer he thought a friend but eventually they are given to Detective Superintendent Maurice Jobson (David Morrissey) who has them destroyed. After the last brutalised torture by police officers, Tommy Douglas (Tony Mooney) and Bob Craven (Sean Harris) give Dunford a loaded gun to do their business and abandon him in a desolate area. 
Bloody and frantic, Dunford seeks out Dawson at his house to no avail, instead finding him at his establishment – the Karachi Club. Two of his henchmen are shot; then he confronts Dawson about the murders. Dawson offers that he was no angel having "a private weakness", implying somehow he is connected to the murders and missing girls. Dawson is shot dead; Dunford then flees south in his car but reverses course, deliberately driving toward two police cars pursuing him; a vision of Paula appears before his death.
"Red Riding 1980".
In 1980, following public outcry over the failure to catch the Yorkshire Ripper, a "squeaky clean" Manchester police detective, Assistant Chief Constable Peter Hunter (Paddy Considine), is assigned to travel to West Yorkshire to head the WYC investigation, much to the chagrin of the former head, Bill Molloy (Warren Clarke). Hunter had previously worked on the Karachi Club massacre, a case he had to abandon due to his wife Joan's miscarriage. One member of Hunter's new, hand-picked team is Helen Marshall (Maxine Peake), his former adulterous lover. The two cases – massacre and serial killings – are linked by Officer Bob Craven (Sean Harris), who behaves in an openly hostile manner to the new team. Hunter correctly deduces that the Ripper inquiry is being side-tracked by the Wearside Jack tapes, and feels that the real Ripper has been interviewed and missed. 
Hunter suspects that one of the Ripper's supposed victims, Clare Strachan, was not actually a Ripper victim. Hunter receives information on the murder from B.J., who is introduced through Reverend Laws (Peter Mullan). B.J. claims that Strachan was a prostitute working for Eric Hall, a now-dead WYC policeman. Hall's wife requests that Hunter meet her, and after visiting her house – where Reverend Laws is also present – she provides Hunter with proof of Hall's work as a pimp and pornographer, and that she gave Hall's documents to Jobson. Jobson claims to have lost the files. Meanwhile, the former affair between Hunter and Marshall threatens to reignite.
Hunter interrogates Inspectors Dickie Alderman and Jim Prentice, who lets slip that the Strachan murder was probably performed by Hall, covered-up to look like a Ripper murder. Hunter also visits the now debilitated Tommy Douglas who later phones him demanding that they meet at his house. However, Hunter arrives to find Douglas and his daughter killed. Hunter is seriously intimidated when he receives covertly taken photos of himself and Marshall in compromising positions.
Near the end of Hunter's Christmas holiday, his Manchester house is burned down. Hunter then learns that his superiors have taken him off the Ripper case due to unspecified allegations of disciplinary breaches. He nevertheless returns to West Yorkshire and to a confrontation with Jobson. Hunter tracks down B.J. and forces him to reveal that five masked policemen burst into the Karachi Club minutes after Eddie Dunford's revenge, killing all civilian survivors and finding Bob Craven and Tommy Douglas wounded by Eddie. Strachan and B.J., two of the waiters at the club, witnessed the whole scene while hiding behind the bar, and were spotted by Angus and Craven as they fled the premises. B.J. is, therefore, the only surviving witness of the Karachi Club massacre, which forces him to flee town. B.J. also implies that Craven was the murderer of Strachan.
Hunter returns to Millgarth Station, Leeds, to reveal this new information to Detective Chief Superintendent John Nolan (Tony Pitts), but it appears, amid great fanfare, that the Yorkshire Ripper has been captured and confesses. Nolan takes Hunter downstairs to the cells where Hunter enters to see Craven slouched back in a chair, shot through his head. He realises that Nolan was one of the five who took part in the Karachi Club shootings, but Nolan quickly shoots him dead. Alderman and Prentice plant the gun to make it look like Hunter and Craven shot each other. In a final scene, Joan Hunter is comforted by Reverend Laws at her husband's graveside.
"Red Riding 1983".
In 1983, Detective Inspector Maurice Jobson is plagued by guilt over his reluctant participation in the corrupt activities within the WYC. It is revealed that it was he who tipped off Dunford about the arson in the Roma camp, in which Jobson took part under pressure by Molloy. It is also revealed that he knew about the innocence of Michael Myshkin (Daniel Mays), a mentally retarded man who was accused of the serial killings in 1974. Jobson is aware of a conspiracy within the WYC protecting high-profile figures, including Dawson, from public exposure. Jobson's pangs of conscience are brought upon by his investigation into the recent disappearance of a young girl named Hazel Atkins, and lead him to open previous cases. He also starts an intimate relationship with a medium (Saskia Reeves), who seems to be in possession of valuable information concerning the more recent crimes.
Meanwhile, John Piggott (Mark Addy), a solicitor and the son of a notorious WYC officer, decides to explore the Atkins case himself. His inquiries lead him to Leonard Cole (Gerard Kearns), the young man who found the swan-stitched victim in 1974 and who is now being framed for Atkins' disappearance. Cole is tortured and murdered by the police, his death disguised as a suicide. Using information given by Myshkin, Piggott finds a mine shaft hidden in a pigeon shed near Laws' home, where he discovers that a paedophile and child-murdering ring was run in West Yorkshire by Reverend Laws. 
It is implied that only when children with known, stable local families were abducted was the criminal structure partially compromised – perhaps the main reason for the constables' indirect assistance in Dawson's demise. Laws counted on the complicity and even direct collaboration of high-ranking officials in the WYC. It is also revealed, through Piggott's imagination and flashbacks by other characters, that the clients of this ring included significant figures of society, among them businessmen such as Dawson and policemen such as Piggott's own father.
Finally, it is also revealed that B.J. was the first child abducted by this criminal enterprise, and perhaps the only one who survived. He ends up returning to Laws' home to enact revenge, but in the last moment finds himself unable to do so due to Laws' mind-numbing, domineering influence on him. Seconds before Laws is about to drill into B.J.'s head with an electrical drill, Jobson appears with a shotgun and shoots the reverend three times, killing him. He then opens the hidden entrance to the mine shaft just in time for Piggott to emerge from it with a still-living Hazel Atkins in his arms. B.J. flees southward by train, reflecting on his upbringing, his experiences, and his "escape" from the past of West Yorkshire. Thus three characters – Jobson, Piggott and B.J. — achieve some measure of redemption in the end.
The third episode of the trilogy aired on 19 March 2009 on "Channel 4".
Deviations from the novels.
Aside from the major departure of omitting the second novel — "Nineteen Seventy-Seven" (2000) — in the sequence, the film adaptations deviate from the books in a number of respects.
1974
-Reverend Martin Laws does not appear in the book, and is instead introduced in 1977.
-DCS George Oldman is the senior policeman in the book, not 'Badger' Bill Molloy, who also appears in a very different role in 1977. Many other police characters have their roles changed, the relationship between Sgt. Foster and Dunford is closer than in the TV series.
-The TV character John Dawson is a conflation of several different characters in the book, some of whom are hostile to each other. He is not killed by Dunford.
-There is an additional subplot involving a missing Rugby League player: Johnny Kelly, who has a connection to one of the book and film's main characters.
-The shootings take place in the Strafford Public House, not the Karachi Club.
-The 'ratcatcher', briefly mentioned by Haddon in the TV series, is explained in greater detail.
Historical basis.
The television trailers for all three "Red Riding" episodes bore the tagline "Based on True Events". Nevertheless, none of the characters – not excepting even the murder victims – bear the names of real people and only a few (see below) have obvious real-life models.
The wrongful prosecution and imprisonment of the character Michael Myshkin is a clear parallel to the real life case of Stefan Kiszko, falsely accused of and convicted for the killing of 11-year-old Lesley Molseed in 1975. He was later proved innocent.
The mission and subsequent official vilification of Assistant Chief Constable Peter Hunter in "Red Riding 1980" are strongly reminiscent of the case of John Stalker, a real life Deputy Chief Constable of the Greater Manchester Police who headed an investigation into the shooting of suspected members of the Provisional Irish Republican Army in 1982.
Awards and nominations.
The films won "The TV Dagger" at the 2009 Crime Thriller Awards.
Theatrical film adaptation.
"Columbia Pictures" has acquired the rights to adapt the novels and films into a theatrical film. The studio was negotiating with Ridley Scott in October 2009 to direct it, Rebecca Hall and Andrew Garfield might reprise their roles.
The trilogy was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc in the US by IFC Films on 5 February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20877323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877323" title="Synanceia horrida">
Synanceia horrida

Synanceia horrida is a species of venomous fish of the Synanceiidae family, also known as the Estuarine stonefish or regionally as simply stonefish. They are carnivorous ray-finned fish with venomous spines that lives on reef bottoms, camouflaged as a rock. They are one of the most venomous known fish in the world, and are often included in private and public aquariums.
Range.
The species is coastal areas of the Indo-West Pacific: India to China, the Philippines, Papua New Guinea and Australia, and is also recorded in Vanuatu.
Description.
The maximum length of the species is up to 0.6 meters. It is drab in colour, brownish to reddish brown, which aids in its ability to camouflage itself among the rocks of many of the tropical reefs. It shares many characteristics with "Synanceia verrucosa", but has more elevated eyes than that species. It has a sedentary habit, operating as an ambush predator, but can quickly open its mouth to gulp in its prey.
It eats mostly small fish, shrimp and other crustaceans, waiting until its prey swims nearby.
It was first described by Linnaeus in 1766.
Habitat.
Its main habitat is on or near coral reefs or in estuaries, in marine or estuarine waters. It camouflages itself around dull coloured plants, near and about rocks, or found dormant in the mud or sand. 

</doc>
<doc id="20877324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877324" title="Gordon Arthur (bishop)">
Gordon Arthur (bishop)

Robert Gordon Arthur (17 August 1909 - 1992) was an Anglican bishop in Australia. He was the Bishop of Grafton from 1961 until 1973.
Arthur was educated at Devonport High School for Boys and the University of Melbourne. After ordination he was a curate in Berridale. After this he was Rector of St John’s Canberra and was later the Archdeacon of Canberra. From 1956 to 1961 he was an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Canberra and Goulburn. In retirement he was Rural Dean of Heytesbury.

</doc>
<doc id="20877341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877341" title="Immergut Festival">
Immergut Festival

The Immergut Festival is a yearly music festival in Germany in Neustrelitz, Mecklenburg-West Pomerania. The first edition was organised in 2000. The festival mainly focuses on indie rock and is one of the bigger festivals in Germany for this musical genre.

</doc>
<doc id="20877343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877343" title="Karl Bopp">
Karl Bopp

Karl Bopp (March 28, 1877 – December 5, 1934) was a German historian of mathematics.
Bopp studied at the University of Strasbourg and the University of Heidelberg under Moritz Cantor. In 1906 he habilitated with a work about the Conic sections of Gregorius a Sancto Vincenti, and in 1915 he became professor extraordinarius in Heidelberg. As successor of Moritz Cantor he taught History of mathematics, political arithmetic, and Insurance. In 1933 he became ill and died in 1934.
Bopp's special field of interest were researches about Johann Heinrich Lambert. He edited Lambert's "Monatsbuch", his letter exchanges with Leonhard Euler and Abraham Gotthelf Kästner, and his philosophical writings. Bopp wrote many historical papers, including two studies on the history of elliptic functions, and the re-publication of a paper by Nicolas Fatio de Duillier on the cause of gravitation. Under his supervision many dissertations were written by his students.

</doc>
<doc id="20877346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877346" title="Beričevo">
Beričevo

Beričevo () is a settlement northeast of Ljubljana in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies at the confluence of the Kamnik Bistrica River with the Sava River.
Name.
Beričevo was first mentioned in written sources as "Werczaw" in 1320 (and in 1329 as "Verschach", in 1435 as "Wertschach", and in 1444 as "Naberitschebin"). The name is believed to derive from "*Beriťь", a patronymic of the hypocorism "*Berъ". The settlement was known as "Förtschach" in 19th-century German.
History.
According to Valentin Vodnik, a mammoth's tooth was found in the gravel on the bank of the Sava River below the village in 1798. Until the Sava was regulated in 1886, Beričevo used to be directly on the river. Now only a remnant of the old riverbed remains. A roller mill was set up in the village before the First World War by the industrialist Ivan Knez. It was abandoned after the Second World War. During the Second World War, a Partisan checkpoint was located at the Jože Levina house behind the village from 1941 to 30 November 1943.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to the Feast of the Holy Cross. The church was first mentioned in written sources in 1526. The chancel of the church is Gothic, and the nave is Baroque. The church contains an image of Our Lady of Sorrows and there is an old wayside shrine near the church.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Beričevo include:

</doc>
<doc id="20877355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877355" title="K League All-Star Game">
K League All-Star Game

The K League All-Star Game is an annual exhibition match organised by the Korea Professional Football League (K League). Inaugural match was started at 1991.
Sharing Love Clinic.
2011.
2011 K-League All-Star Game was not held due to 2011 South Korean football betting scandal. Twenty-three selected players were to donate their talents to Gomduri football team of footballers with cerebral palsy in Paju National Football Center.
K-League vs 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea.
2002 FIFA World Cup 10th anniversary match.

</doc>
<doc id="20877359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877359" title="HMS Eridge (L68)">
HMS Eridge (L68)

HMS "Eridge" was a Hunt class destroyer of the Royal Navy. She was launched in 1940 and served during the Second World War. On 29 May 1942, "Eridge" assisted HMS "Hero" and HMS "Hurworth" in sinking the German submarine U-568. At 04:15 on 29 August 1942, she began shelling Axis positions off El Daba, Egypt, at , together with HMS "Croome" and HMS "Hursley". At 05:00, she was permanently disabled by a 450mm torpedo fired by the Italian motor torpedo boat MTSM-228. The attack caused five fatalities on board "Eridge". She was towed to Alexandria by HMS "Aldenham", where the destroyer was used as a base ship for the rest of the war and sold for scrapping in October 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="20877362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877362" title="Real-time energy trader">
Real-time energy trader

A real-time energy trader refers to individuals involved solely in commodity trading of power, specifically electricity, in any one of the several energy markets.

</doc>
<doc id="20877364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877364" title="George Stayley Brown">
George Stayley Brown

George Stayley Brown (November 20, 1827 – September 12, 1915) was a ship owner, historian and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Yarmouth township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1863 to 1866 as a Reformer.
He was born in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, the son of Stayley Brown, a member of the Legislative Council, and Charlotte Letitia Fletcher. In 1856, he married Elizabeth Bond. Brown was a director and president of the Acadian Marine Insurance Company. He served as a justice of the peace and as a member of the Central Board of Agriculture. Brown was consul for Spain in Yarmouth in 1869. He moved to Boston around 1875. He published "Yarmouth, Nova Scotia : a sequel to Campbell's history" in 1888. He died in Boston at the age of 87.

</doc>
<doc id="20877367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877367" title="Chaugaon">
Chaugaon

Chaugaon (Marathi:चौगाव) is a small village in the state of Maharashtra, India. It is located in the Dhule taluka of Dhule District in Maharashtra.
Location.
Chaugaon is located on the Maharashtra State Highway 10 (MH SH 10) at . There are four villages by name of "Chaugaon" in Dhule District; specifically, there is one each in Dhule Taluka, Shindkheda Taluka, Sakri Taluka, and Taloda Taluka. This village is more commonly referred to as "Chaugaon-Gotane" to specify its location.
Climate.
Chaugaon has three distinct seasons during the year: summer, winter, and the rainy season.
Temperature.
The average annual maximum temperature is 35 degrees Celsius and the average annual minimum is 16 degrees Celsius. April, May, and June are summer months when the climate is hot, with daytime temperatures reaching up to a maximum of 42 degrees Celsius. May is the hottest month. In this village, the microclimate is such that although the days is hot, the nights are cooler. Dusty and hot winds of medium velocity are common during summer months. Storms are not recorded. Winter is spread over from November to mid-February, when the temperature drops down to minimum of 10 degrees Celsius. Snowfall is unknown. Smog is unheard, however hailstorms of mild intensity are rare and reported in once in a decade.
Rainfall.
Rainy season starts by mid-June and lasts till September. The average annual rain fall is 600 mm spread over about 60 rainy days. The nearest rain gauge station is at Dhule. Rain is only precipitation that is received from the monsoon winds. Showers from North –East monsoon are occasional during winter. Occasionally, dew formation takes place in very cold days during winter season.
Chaugaon rarely has water scarcity, which is common in many villages of Dhule Taluka. The last drought year was 1972.
Humidity.
During the southwest monsoon season, the humidity is generally about 70%. The air is dry during the rest of the year. The driest part of the year is the summer season when the relative humidity is about 20% at noon.
Cloudiness.
During the southwest monsoon season, the skies are heavily clouded. For the rest of the year, the sky is mostly clear.
Winds.
Winds are generally light to moderate with some strengthening in force during the summer and monsoon seasons. During the southwest monsoon season, winds are mainly south-westerly to westerly. In the post-monsoon season, winds are light and variable. In the winter and summer seasons, winds are mostly from directions between southwest and northwest.
Village resources.
Land.
Chaugaon has a well-defined village boundary on ground as well as in the government land records, including maps as per the village and land administration regulations in the Maharashtra state. The area falling within the village boundary is known as village area. Chaugaon has a total village area of 3,761.82 ha. Out of that, 2,700 ha of land is under cultivation, of which 900 ha is irrigated and 1,800 ha is rain fed. Of the remaining, 285.82 ha is under forest, 53 ha under village habitation, 0.2 ha. is burial ground, and the balance is under roads, path, streams, and rocky outcrops.
The topography of the land within the village boundary varies from hilly to plains. The forest areas are hilly with plateau at the top. They are cris crossed with enumerable streams. The areas under the cultivation is generally flat especially where it is irrigated. The flood irrigation is practiced which necessitates level field. The land under rain fed cultivation is somewhat undulating .
The village area is well drained and there is no water logging. The area is mainly drained by three natural water courses the Iraas river ( Hiraasan as per the state records ) and the Waghad and the Bhalkhai streams. There are large and extensive network of small streams, gullies panning over the village area which finally drain into the Iraas, the Waghaad and the Bhalkhai.
The soil type varies from black cotton to murrumy. Soil is generally black cotton in flatter area. It is reddish to buff in coloured along gentle slopes. The soils tend to be reddish with high proportion of murum in areas which are exposed. In highly eroded areas and steep slopes in hilly area the underlying rock is seen exposed. The depth of the soil varies from few centimeters to 20 meters within the village limits.
Forests.
The total forest area is 739.144 ha, out of which 285.79 ha is assigned to the Joint Forest Management Committee of Chaugaon. The forest area is identified by the compartment numbers in forest records like the survey numbers in land records. The entire forest area is vested in the state government of Maharashtra.
Wild animals like black buck, fox, hare, hyena, wolf, and wild boar are reported in this forest, but the population is very small.
Water bodies.
There is small river the Iraas (Hiraasan as per the state records) on the bank of which this village is located. The other two small streams are Waghad and Bhalkhai. 
There are three water bodies all within the village limits. The first one the minor irrigation tank on the Iraas river, the second, percolation tank on Waghad stream and the third, percolation tank on Bhalkhai stream. The stored resource is small in extent and quantity but suffice to meet the village needs of water for drinking and other domestic use. All these water bodies have been boon to the village as they have been recharging ground water in their downstream where in the agricultural land is laying and farmers have dug up well for irrigation.
Demographics.
As of 2001 census, Chaugaon had a population of 3,919 with 2,056 males and 1,863 females. Males constitute 52% of the population and females 48%. Chaugaon has an average literacy rate of 70%, higher than the national average of 59.5%. Male Literacy is 40%, and female literacy is 30%. In Chaugaon, 1% of the population is under 6 years of age. Chaugaon has an average birth rate of 18.84% and an average death rate of 6.02%.
There are total of 721 households in the village and the village border area is spread in the area of 2,109 hectares out of which 30 hectares is irrigated area, 1,850 is un-irrigated area and remaining 229 hectares is reserved for non farming use.
People.
Dress.
In Chaugaon like elsewhere in Maharashtra; the dress of men as well as women, consists of two pieces, the one covering upper part above waist and the other covering lower part below waist.
The dress pattern and the styles differ slightly in men from community to community and the change is more apparent in women. And even in the same community it varies with sex and age. Moreover, attire patterns are different in elderly and young generations. 
The men wear "kurta" or "sadra" or "angee" that covers the upper part above waist. 
The elderly men across all the communities wear "Dhotar" (commonly called "Dhoti" in Hindi ). "Dhotar" is white long cloth of generally 4 meters length and 1.2 m. width and worn below waist. "Dhotar" is typical attire that is wound and tied around the waist with knot of its corner; which certainly requires initial practice. Among the younger generation however, the "dhotar" is getting rarer. However the educated younger generation no more wears "Dhotar". It has taken up to shirts, trouser and paijama or pants. 
The shirt is locally called "kurta" or "sadra" or "angee" has undergone changes due to changing fashions or styles over the years; so also the material has changed from coarse cotton to synthetics and all sorts of blended fabrics over the time. The shirt is generally half open on the front side from neck to chest having buttons and may be with half or full sleeved. Elderly men can be seen wearing full sleeved shirt called "Nehru" shirt. In addition above the elderly men wear cap called "Gandhi" cap.
Women across all castes invariably wear "saadi" (commonly called "Sari" in Hindi) and "Choli"- the country blouse. Again there are two types of saadis, the one with 9 yard length and the other with 6 yards length. The elderly women of old generation prefer 9 yard "saadis"; whereas the younger generation prefers 6 yard "saadis" with a "parkar" (petticoat) underside. The manner of wearing saadi varies considerably from caste to caste.
The young and kids wear other Indian and western style attire. Boys wear half or full pant and shirt with or without under wears. Girls wear north Indian style dress, the salwar and kamiz or western style skirt and blouse or shirt.
Ornaments.
In Chaugaon, glass beads and glass bangles are profusely worn as the part of ornamental wear, by women of all communities. 
Ornaments of gold and silver are most commonly worn by women. Women’s ornaments of silver are heavy and rather with rough workmanship. These are generally crafted by the village goldsmith. But now the preferences are seen to be changing and villagers go to city of Dhule where well crafted ornaments available in variety of designs . Gold ornaments are seen only in very rich families ; generally the ones having irrigated agriculture land. 
Gold ornaments are considered as prestige to a family, and are insurance in emergencies and wealth assets.
Ornaments of pearls and precious stones are not seen.
The false jewellery with bright and sparkling beads and ear-rings available at cheap prices are worn by poor girls and women to satisfy their liking.
Ornaments of men
Men wear gold or silver rings of different styles and designs at times embedded with semiprecious stones. Some men also wear gold chains called "sonsakhali" around the necks, which are generally taken as indicator of well off financial position. Another ornament worn with "kurta" or" sadra" is buttons woven in chain. Now few among the young generation kids and youths wear "Kade" – an armlet made of copper or brass. Few men wear "bhikabali" - an ear ring; generally on the right ear . It is notable ornament for the reason that it is worn as accomplishment of "Navas" – a promise to the almighty for fulfillment of some prayer made to Him. This ornament is made not out of one's own money; but from the money collected from others as donations or gifts. There is similar ornament worn by few men around ankle and is called "Bedi". 
An ornament of bygone years called "Kargota" is now seen very rarely in this village. "Kargota" is mostly made of silver and worn round the waist only by men. It is work of fine silver weaving .
Ornaments of women
Among the women, the craze for ornaments of gold is seen increasing with improved incomes since the year 2000. Like other villages in Dhule district, the women of Chaugaon can be seen wearing a number of ornaments. For every part of the body from head to toes, there is at least one ornament seen to be worn. Some of the ornaments worn are linked to the marriage status of woman among the Hindus.
For the head and hair, there are hair pins and clips with floral or some other designs. They are mostly of steel or plastic these days. But there were the days when they used to of silver.
For nose, there is nose ring for girls and "nath", "nathani" and "fuli" for the adult or married women. Nose rings are simple rings of gold or silver and at times may have a single glass bead. "Nath" is large sized decorative nose ring with typical shape. It is decorated with pearls on the outer side. The "nathani" is miniature of form of "nath". In the earlier days, especially the elder women used to wear "nath" on permanent basis. However this tradition of wearing "nath" is now getting vanished. "Nath" is now occasionally worn on ceremonial times like marriages and festivals. The communities that wear nath are Hatkar Patil or Kunabi, Mali, Sutar and Nhavi. "Fuli" is spike like ornament with top studded with sparkling stone. The communities that wear fuli are Gawali, Lohar, Koli, Mahar, Mang, Chambhar and Bhil.
All the above nasal ornaments are worn on the left side nostril to which a fine hole is pearsed. Nostril pearsing is generally done in young age below ten years.
For ears, there are varieties of earrings to be seen. Almost every woman and girl wears some kind of earring. The earrings come with or without black and red glass beads. So also, the earrings with real or artificial stones are fashion to wear among the teens. The economic condition and the cultural following of the family as well as the liking and attitude towards the fashionable living dictate the choice. 
The ornaments worn on ear by women vary according to age group, community and traditions. Older the age, more will be the traditional and ornament of bygone years generally not available in the shops for sale. Such traditional ornaments are got specially prepared. The older women are seen wearing the traditional ornaments locally called as "Bugadi", "Killu", "Dharani", "Khutaalaa", "Karnful" and "Hujur". Younger women go for modern day ornaments like ordinary or bead laced ear rings, "Dools", "Taps", and "Tongal". Teenagers wear ordinary rings called "Balyaa". Some of these ornaments can be seen, worn on ears singly and collectively.
For the neck, "Mangalasutra" is the most important and indispensable ornament worn by a married woman, the most revered cultural tradition of the Hindus. The "mangalasutra" - a necklace made of gold "waatis"-half ball like formation and black glass beads is the most adorable item for the married woman having her husband living. So is the "kumkum" the saffron coloured mark on the forehead. The "mangalasutra" now comes in various styles and designs in gold. Among the poor women, silver replaces the gold. Generally, these items are forbidden in widows as per Hindu traditions.
The other ornaments that adorn the neck are only in gold. They are most varied, full of artwork, designs, and fashionable.They are costly too. They are "Chitaang", "Chapalahaar", "Ranihaar", "Putalyaa", "Mangalpot", "Bormaal", "Wajratik", "Ekdaani", "Mohanmaal", and "Sari" as locally called.
The hand is laced with silver ornaments except the bangles and rings, which are in gold. The ornaments worn on the upper part arm are "Kade", "Velya" or" Vakya", and "Baju band". The wrist has the ornaments called as " Got" and "Patlyaa". In some communities, they are worn regularly; but in others, they are for special occasions only. Rings are mostly in gold and rarely in silver. Gold ring are generally of many varieties in size and design. 
Bangles are invariably in gold. They are also part of marriage gift. Bangles come in variety of designs and artisanship.
"Kambarpatta", "Kambarband", "Aakadaa", and "Lachcha" are the ornaments for waist.
The ankle and the foot portion are the parts of leg where the ornaments are worn. The ankle may have any one from the list of ornaments consisting of "Paijan", "Kalla", "Tode", "Saakhali pattya". The "Bele", "Masolya" and "Virode" are the ornaments for toe fingers and worn only after marriage.
Food and dietary habits.
The food of the villagers of Chaugaon is invariably spicy and hot. The staple food comprises grains of wheat, "bajara" and "jowar" with "bajara" having the major proportion. The grains of "bajara" and "jowar" are consumed by way of preparation called "Bhakari" (thick baked bread). The pulses also form the important part of food. Pulses consumed are horse gram,"Toor", "Moog", "Chawali" and "Udid".
Nowadays, rice being available in open market and through government controlled Public Distribution System (PDS) is getting popular. Once about three decades ago, use of rice in the menu was regarded as a sign of better living and could not be afforded by all being costly food then. The cooked rice is called "Bhaat". Rice is also consumed by way of preparation called "Kichadi". "Khichadi" is prepared from rice and pulses of "Toor" or "Moog" with spices, chilly and oil.
Vegetables and pulses are part of the daily menu. They are either grown locally and bought from weekly market of Kusumba or even Dhule. Tomatoes, Brinjals, Onions, "Methi", "Bhendi" (Ladies Fingers), "Gawar", "Ambaadi", are the vegetables that are grown locally. Potatoes, Cauli flower, are never grown in the village and come from outside.
The Vegetables are cooked into preparation called "Bhaji" or "Shak" and eaten with "bhakari". Pulses are cooked into preparation called "Daal" and "Aamati". "Daal" is simple preparation and generally slightly spicy." Aamati" has to be very spicy and hot. Both are eaten with "bhakari". "Daal" or "aamati" are also eaten with cooked rice.
Consumption of fruits like bananas, dalimb, papaya, watermelon, muskmelon and chikkoo is occasional. The other minor and seasonal fruits consumed are "Karwand", "jambhul", and" bor".Bananas, "dalimb", "papaya" and "bor" are grown locally .
The cooking style and taste differs according to communities but food preparation is invariably spicy and hot. Milk and its products like curd, buttermilk, butter, ghee, form the important part of the diet of vegetarians, as milk is available aplenty in the village.
Consumption of non-vegetarian food is less common. Non-veg food consist s of mutton of eggs, goats and chicken. Fish is less common. Fresh fish is occasional but dried fish called "Bombil" that comes from outside the village is consumed. The non-vegetarians are not at all regular meat-eaters and the consumption is occasional on celebrations or at times once a week. The major population is strictly vegetarians notable among them are the Brahmin, Gawali and Mali communities. 
All villagers take tea in the morning and the afternoon. Use of milk and sugar in tea preparation is profuse.
"Kadhi", a preparation from buttermilk, salt and spices is a very favourite item of all villagers in Chaugaon. "Chatani" is another item devoured by the villagers. It is preparation of ground chilli powder and salt. The other favourite items include homemade mango pickles, and "paapad". "Paapad" is eaten either roasted or fried. "Paapads" are made from "Nagali" (red millet), "Jowar" ( white millet), "Udid" (black gram)," Mug" ( green gram), and Rice. They come in variety of taste and additives.
The daily meal consists of "Bhakar" (bread), "Bhaji" or "Daal" or both, split onion, and groundnut "chutney". All communities in the village take three meals a day. "Nyahari" (Breakfast) is taken early in the morning before going out on the work generally before 10 o’clock. Afternoon midday meal is taken at about 2 o’clock and dinner at night between 6 to 9 pm.
The festivals are celebrated with sweets like "Puran poli", "puri", "shira", "khir", fried "paapad", "kurdai", "bhajee" / "pakoda" etc. At the Diwali festival, "Karanji", "Anararse"," Ladoo", "Chivada" and "shev", are prepared. For the "Akshay trutiya" festival, "aamras" and "puran poli" is special menu.
Every community has its own preparations for festivals. The "Gawali" community has its own preparations like "Kanola", "Kapani", "Kadkani", and "Khodbalaa"...
Economy.
Chaugaon has a farming economy, traditional crops include millet, coconut, cotton, bhuimug (ground nut), jowar, onion and wheat. Farmers rely on rain water as well as water from rivers for farming needs.
As there is limited scope for irrigation water availability from state managed irrigation facilities numbering three ; first the minor irrigation tank on "Iraas" river ("Hiraasan" as per the state records ), the second, percolation tank on "Waghhad" stream and the third, percolation tank on "Bhalkhai" stream all within the village limits; the villagers have invested their own money in creating water availability for irrigation by way of digging up wells wherever underground water is available and pumping the water up to their farms. At times the water is available at distance of 4 to 6 kilometers away.
Farmers from Chaugaon on their own; not with any support from the government funding, have taken up land development works to bring more fallow land under cultivation over period of last two decades. This activity is still going on during 2010. These land developmental works include leveling, terracing, bunding, "nalla" (small streams) training etc.
Advanced farming techniques like improved seeds, drip irrigation, chemical and organic fertilizers are used. In the last few years, horticulture has been used more often for growing sitafal, dalimb and papaya.
Such entrepreneurship have led to increase in the all round agricultural products output. And also one can see cultivation of crops of commercial nature like floriculture, and horticulture.
During last 5 years there is shortage of farm laborers in the village as the demand has gone up steadily, due to increase in area under irrigation. This has led to increase in wage rates and laborers from other adjoining villages viz. Padalde, Ajnale,and "Mehergaon", are being called to overcome the labor shortage. There is also spurt in demand for farm yard manure as many farmers practice organic farming to a great extent. Chaugaon is an example in Dhule Taluka to showcase the incremental benefits of irrigation.
Dairying is another major economic activity of the village. Traditionally it was the profession of "Gawali" community over decades. But other communities have also taken up to dairying. Buffaloes are reared for milk . The milk is mostly sold to traders from Dhule city, who also finance for buying the buffaloes.
Chaugaon farming economy is included in the states income & expenditure accounts. As for budget year 2007-2008 this village had accounted for an income of Rs. 1,709,000.00 whereas the total expenditure was Rs. 1,448,000.00.
Village cottage industries.
Historically, in Maharashtra, certain professions or village level services at village level were community assigned over the centuries. Proprietary of the professions or village level services particularly at village level, have always remained with particular community and enabled to gain skills and exepertise in that particular profession. There are 12 such professions assigned to the various 12 communities. These professions are called 12 "balute" and these communities are called 12 "Balutedars" - village level services providers/workers. As per this system, the "balutedar" has to provide for his services of routine nature to the farmers throughout the year. Under the "balute" system, in-exchange of services provided, farmers had to make payment in kind; mostly in the form fixed volume of grains and other agriculture produce of food value, every year after the harvest. This system had long been a part of the village societal arrangement since times immemorial. However, there may be variations seen in the 21st century with spread of education, and economic development. Besides there are other village industries in which all communities can engage themselves.
Tailoring has been the traditional occupation of the Shimpi community in Chaugaon. However, with the passage of time and changes in the socio-economic conditions and availability of professional training in tailoring to all from government at various places, a number of persons from other communities have taken to this occupation. The numbers of females of other communities also do tailoring and have specialisation in women garments. Carpentry is important village cottage industry in Chaugaon, as the majority of farmers regularly require their services for manufacturing of new agricultural implements and for repairs to them. Broom making is the hereditary and traditional occupation of the Mang community in Chaugaon.
Administration.
Chaugaon has a Village Gram Panchayat for day to day administration.
Chaugaon has "group gram panchayat "with hamlet of "Hingane" grouped with it. "Hingane" is located in south direction at a distance of 3 km. The Gram panchayat finds its mention in the district records as "Group Gram Panchayat, Chaugaon (Hingane)".The group gram panchayat was established on 4-11-1952. The District Zilla Panchayat headquarters is at Dhule and the Block Panchayat is also at Dhule.
Chaugaon has no commercial banks or co-operative banks present within the village, but there are 1 agricultural credit societies, 1 non-agricultural credit societies and 3 other credit societies present within the village.
Chaugaon has Joint Forest Management Committee (JFMC) constituted to protect, conserve, develop and manage adjoining forests.
Drinking water facilities.
Chaugaon has numerous drinking water facilities which are mainly available through a common tap or a common well. There are five wells, two hand pumps and two electric pumps available within the village as drinking water sources.
Education facilities.
Chaugaon has one primary school, one secondary school and one senior secondary school within the village. For all higher education, village students have to go to the bigger cities close by. There are also another 32 government funded childcare and mother-care centers (Anganwadi) within the village as part of the Integrated Child Development Services program started by the Indian government to combat child hunger and malnutrition in 1975.
Medical facilities.
Chaugaon has few medical facilities present within the village.There are two Ayurvedic dispensaries, one Primary health Sub Centre and three registered private medical practitioners in the village. One is day visitor and two others are local residents. Though they are not highly qualified, they can treat small ailments and refer patients to Dhule in case of major disease.
Communication facilities.
Chaugaon has its own post office but there are no telegraph or telephone facilities within the village. The boom in mobile phones in India has also caught up with Chaugaon. It is now a common household item. The year 2009, saw erection of two mobile towers in the village which speaks for the number of mobile phones used by the village. It is estimated that about 3000+ phones are in use.
Recreation and cultural facilities.
Chaugaon has no recreational facilities like cinemas or video halls.
Chaugaon has no cultural facilities like sports-clubs, stadium or auditorium. The village has a tradition of conducting "Helyachi Takkar" (Male Bull's Head on fight) on the occasion of the Diwali festival, outside the village. The villagers gather in large numbers to watch the fight on the river bankside where this fight is conducted.
As milk production is also a major profession for this village, the farmers specially rear the male buffaloes for this fight.
Chaugaon population consists of various communities - "Kunabi, Mali, Gawali, Bhil, Koli, Sutar, Shimpi, Harijan". There are separate temples of their faith or deity, constructed by each community in and around the village site "Gaothan", where the cultural programmes take place. These programmes are sponsored by individual communities and take place almost every year; however these programmes are attended by almost all other communities. At times adjoining villages also participate on invitation. These programmes include "Bhajan" (Devotional songs), "Kirtan" (Saint lead religious discourse), "Bhandara" (Community sponsored lunch) etc. The duration of these programmes ranges from a day to week.[http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:The_Shimpi_community%E2%80%99s_temple_of_Sant_Namdev_in_Chaugaon.jpg]
Chaugaon has an annual fair in the month of "Chaitra" (March/April) of the Hindu calendar in reverence to the goddess "Bhavani maata". In this fair the "Tagatrao" the country-made chariot is pulled by the pair of bulls from the village to the temple of the goddess about two km away. The pulling of the "Tagatrao" is not an easy job as it is both heavier and larger than a regular cart. It is also an honor for any villager to engage his bulls for pulling "Tagatrao" up to the temple. It is a two day celebration when the wrestling competitions are conducted by the village elders. In this wrestling competition rewards consisting of utensils and cash are paid to the winners. Wrestlers from the adjoining villages and taluka participate in this competition. A large crowd gathers to see and cheer the participants. This event has been going for time unknown.
The second day of the village fair is celebrated by the villagers when the Tamasha - a local countryside performance of folk dance and drama - is performed in the village. The Tamasha party is invited well in advance and their show is generally booked.
Another but waning annual cultural programme that used to take place is of drama performance. Everything from directors, musicians, singers, dancers, makeup men etc., all are the villagers themselves.
The spirit behind these all cultural activities is clearly seen from the fact that, the villagers contribute in cash as per their capacities for the expenses.
Needless to say Chaugaon is typical example of showcase of vibrant and traditional rural life in Dhule district.
Transport.
Rail.
Chaugaon has no railway station of its own, the closest railway station is Dhule which is 20 km from the village.
Road.
Chaugaon is connected by the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (M.S.R.T.C) Buses that ply between Dhule, Kusumba & Malegaon. A number of private auto rickshaws and jeeps ply between Chaugaon to Kusumba and towards Malegaon. They are mostly operated by self-employed youth of village.
Chaugaon boasts to have about half a dozen tractors and same number of trucks. They are used to transport agricultural produce- Cotton, Onions, Ground nut,cereals etc. to markets at Dhule, Jalgaon, Lasalgaon (Dist. Nashik), Solapur, Surat, Bharuch, Bhopal, Indore etc. Tractors are used for agricultural works.
Air.
Chaugaon has no airport of its own, the closest airport is at Dhule.

</doc>
<doc id="20877369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877369" title="William Selim Hanna">
William Selim Hanna

Prof. Dr William Selim Hanna (1896–1980), born in Assiut, Egypt وليم سليم حنا, was an Egyptian Minister of Housing. A prominent structural engineer, Hanna completed his education in Alexandria and Cairo and graduated from the Faculty of Engineering of Cairo University in 1920 with an engineering diploma. He then traveled to England and joined the University of Birmingham, where he earned a bachelor's degree with first place honors in Civil Engineering in 1923. He studied for a doctorate in the same university and received his PhD in 1926.
Positions held.
After getting his PhD, he returned to Egypt for the post of Lecturer at the Department of Structural Engineering, Faculty of Engineering, Cairo University, in 1926 .
When the Research Laboratory of Concrete was created at the Faculty of Engineering in Cairo University in 1932 with the support of Cebu Tariv, an engineering professor at Princeton University, Hanna became its director.
In 1933 he was appointed Director of the Research Laboratory for Mechanics and Foundations Education. In 1937 he took the post of assistant professor in the faculty.
In 1941 he took the post of professor of reinforced concrete for the construction of buildings and continued to hold this post until 1952. In 1952 he was appointed Minister of Municipal and Rural Affairs, a post he held until 1954.
After this post, Hanna worked as a consultant in his own office, in addition to serving as a full-time professor at the Faculty of Engineering of Cairo University. Later in 1954 he was chosen to be a member of the board of Ain Shams University.

</doc>
<doc id="20877371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877371" title="Hal Fryar">
Hal Fryar

Hal Fryar (born 1927) is an actor and television personality. He rose to prominence as Harlow Hickenlooper, the host of "The Three Stooges Show" on Channel 6 in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Fryar graduated in 1950 with a bachelor's degree in speech from Indiana University. He began his broadcasting career as an announcer, emcee and writer as a teenager in Indianapolis, Indiana, in the mid-1940s. By the 1960s, he had developed his entertainment talents as host of programs geared to young audiences in radio and TV in Ohio.
Hal Fryar was the host for a local Indianapolis children's show on WFBM-TV that ran from 1960 to 1972, that highlighted the old Three Stooges shorts. He appeared under the name "Harlow Hickenlooper" and was one of a trio of hosts with Curley Myers and Captain Star (Jerry Vance aka Larry Vincent). Together, they sang songs and did skits for a live studio audience of children. Fryar fell into the Stooges' slapstick comedy routines with passion. His idea of Harlow Hickenlooper's personality was for him to be a character for whom nothing ever went right, no matter how hard he tried. Hickenlooper regularly ended up with a (shaving) cream pie in his face. Fryar was also the host for several other children's shows over 43 years in local television.
In 1965, Fryar was cast in the Three Stooges movie, "The Outlaws Is Coming", playing the part of Johnny Ringo. Upon the movie's release, Fryar quickly received a number of complaints from English teachers because he appeared in a movie with the grammatically incorrect title. Many younger children, who went expecting to see his trademark battered straw hat and striped coat, were unable to recognize him in his outlaw makeup. Older kids and their parents were able to appreciate the comedy.
Today, Hal Fryar lives in Franklin, Indiana with his wife Henrietta and their bichon, Muffin. He is employed part-time with Community Development, Inc, a builder of homes for baby boomers who have reached the age of 55 years or more. He still makes regular public appearances.
On October 2, 2008, Fryar was inducted into the Indiana Broadcast Pioneers Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20877375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877375" title="Brinje, Dol pri Ljubljani">
Brinje, Dol pri Ljubljani

Brinje is a settlement northeast of Ljubljana in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20877379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877379" title="Youssef Dawoud">
Youssef Dawoud

Youssef Dawoud (; 10 March 1938 – 24 June 2012) was an Egyptian actor, who worked in theatre, cinema and television. 
Dawoud started acting when studying at Alexandria University. After graduating from the Faculty of Engineering Department of Electricity, Alexandria University, in 1960, he worked for Alexandria Oils and Soap Company and engaged in amateur acting until 1986 when he took up acting full-time. He played the part of the British General Lipton in the United Artist production of Zuqaq Al-Madaq, based on the novel by Naguib Mahfouz. He moved to Cairo, joined the Actors' Syndicate and studied at the Theatre Institute. On turning professional, he became famous and a public figure.
Dawoud married in 1961 and had two children, a son and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20877382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877382" title="Matthew Wood">
Matthew Wood

Matthew Wood may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20877394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877394" title="Vương Tiến Dũng">
Vương Tiến Dũng

Vương Tiến Dũng () (born 1949, in Bắc Giang, Vietnam) is a Vietnamese football coach. After retiring from his playing career, during which he played for Công football club (also known as the Army club) and the Vietnamese national side, Vương turned to coaching and coached a number of Vietnamese football clubs. He is currently head coach of Hải Phòng Cement football club.
Playing career.
Vương Tiến Dũng joined Công football club in May 1965, and two years later traveled to North Korea for nearly a year of training. After returning to Vietnam in May 1968, he was selected for the North Vietnamese national squad. Vương retired from professional playing in 1978.
Coaching career.
After ending his playing career, Vương spent the years from 1978 to 1983 studying at the University of Military Sport in the Soviet Union. Upon his return to Vietnam, he pursued a career training young players, and in 1998 he took up the job of coaching his old team, Công. With Công, he won the Vietnamese league championship in 1998, and in early 1999 they went on to win the Super Cup after defeating the Vietnam Police football club in Hồ Chí Minh City. That same year, he took the team to the Vietnamese Under-21 championship. But he left shortly afterward, after an apparent fall out with the military.
After leaving Công, Vương went on to manage a number of clubs in the top two tiers of Vietnamese league football. In 2001, he was managing Cần Thơ, but the next year he moved back closer to his family home to manage the Vietnam Airlines football club in Hanoi (which had been formed from the former Hanoi Police football club, after the aviation corporation became independent). After his spell at Vietnam Airlines, in 2003 he signed a coaching contract with Thanh Hóa F.C.
In July 2004, Vương moved on to coach Binh Duong football club. During his first championship in charge, he took the team to the top spot, but by the end of the season Binh Duong had dropped back to the bronze medal position. The team’s biggest defeat, losing 5-0 to Đà Nẵng at the Chi Lang stadium, led to Vương’s resignation after only a year with the club.
Just a month later, Vuong signed a contract with Hoa Phat Hanoi, although many other teams were keen to attract him. At the end of the 2006 season, Hoa Phat Hanoi were in 11th place out of 14, but were surprise winners of the Vietnam Football Cup. After this achievement, Vuong was elected the Vietnam newspapers' Football Coach of the Year for 2006. However, a disappointing 2007 season saw the team only manage to finish in 12th place out of 14, and they were eliminated in the quarter finals of the cup. This led to Vuong's resignation.
Two months later, Vuong accepted an invitation to move to Hai Phong Cement football club, where he led the team to third place in the 2008 championship. Although that was the club's best finish for many years, Vuong's contract was not extended, and the club brought in Austrian manager Alfred Riedl as coach the following year.
After a short spell back at his original club, Cong, Vuong resumed the coaching position at Hai Phong Cement football club in September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20877396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877396" title="Kattathurai">
Kattathurai

Kattathurai is a village located in Kanyakumari district of Tamil Nadu, India on National Highway 47 approximately 44 km south east of Trivandrum.
It is a lush green village which has about 1500 families. The majority of the population are Protestant Christians.
Kattathurai has many rich families living in its interiors. Among them is a army personnel whose family resides there and he himself is posted in Manesar. A small Thop(Block) named as Thippli Thoppu Veedu is also among the localities in Kattathurai. A HIGH School " Kattathurai HIgh School " is among the old and famous schools where majority of people have taken their education from. Many paddy fields, coconut fields, rubber plantations and a small temple are among the places inside Kattathurai.

</doc>
<doc id="20877402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877402" title="Christopher Bullock">
Christopher Bullock

Sir Christopher Llewellyn Bullock K.C.B, C.B.E. (10 November 1891 – 16 May 1972), a prominent member of the Bullock family, was Permanent Under-Secretary at the British Air Ministry from 1931 to 1936. Appointed at the age of 38, he remains one the youngest civil servants to have headed a British Government department.
Early years.
The son of Rev. L. Bullock and his wife Cecil, granddaughter of Thomas FitzMaurice, 5th Earl of Orkney, Sir Christopher's academic achievements were considerable. He gained a classical scholarship from Rugby to Trinity College, Cambridge from which he graduated in the first division of the first class of the Classical Tripos in 1913 and was offered a fellowship at Trinity.
After taking first place in the open competition for the Home and Indian Civil Services in 1914, he chose India, but at the outbreak of World War I, he volunteered for service with the Rifle Brigade Special Service. He was one of three officers (and 175 men) of the battalion wounded on 6 July 1915 during a major attack by the 11th Infantry Brigade on the German trenches near the town of Boesinghe (Boezinge), about three miles north of Ypres. He was seriously wounded and mentioned in dispatches.
Role in British aviation.
Returning to active service, he was seconded to the Royal Flying Corps, training as an observer and then gaining his wings as a pilot in Egypt before being declared unfit for flying duties in 1917.
He then joined the Air Staff, beginning his work for the Air Ministry, and was appointed O.B.E. in 1919. He was appointed C.B.E. in 1926, C.B. in 1929 and K.C.B. in 1932.
The Royal Air Force.
In 1919, he became principal private secretary to Winston Churchill, then Secretary of State for Air. From then on until 1930, he served successive Secretaries of State including Sir Samuel Hoare and The Lord Thomson, fighting with Lord Trenchard, as Trenchard's right hand man on the civilian side, against resistance and powerful forces within Whitehall and the hostility of the Navy and the Army to the establishment of a permanent independent Royal Air Force.
On 12 June 1930, the Prime Minister, Ramsay Macdonald, agreed to his appointment as Permanent Under-Secretary at the age of 38.
During the 1930s, he worked with great determination under considerable pressure on the expansion of the RAF during the period in which the menace of Nazism rose in Germany. Bullock was personally committed to the policy of expansion and strove, against the pacific temper of the time, to awaken public and Parliament to the need to strengthen the RAF to meet the dangers that lay ahead. Even when Churchill was not in government during the 1930s, Bullock supplied him with figures on German air strength which Churchill used in attacking the Government's policy of appeasement. His supporters included T.E. Lawrence, who wrote in 1934, "Bullock is doing well. I wish he was C.A.S. and the Air Council as well!". His achievements have been justly recognised in the accounts of rearmament and the role of the RAF during the Second World War.
Described as "a man of brilliant youthful academic achievement and manic self regard", and by Trenchard as "the man with the finest brain I ever met with" and one of his own chief advisers, Bullock made powerful enemies – "but not in the Air Ministry!" – as he sought to impose his views of the emerging power of the aeroplane on the Armed Forces and the Government. Among those who took against him was Sir Warren Fisher, the Head of the Civil Service, who was notorious for his wish to control senior appointments in the civil service and to second-guess defence policy.
The survival of Britain in the Second World War was largely due the foundations that Bullock laid for the vast expansion of the RAF. Of all the Civil Servants known by Lord Hankey, Secretary of the Cabinet, Bullock made by far the greatest creative contribution to the Defence effort. For ten peace time years, Bullock worked as if already at war.
Civil aviation.
He also made a great impact on the extension of British Civil Aviation through his support for Imperial Airways and by his part in creating the Empire Air Mail Scheme, in which he went as a passenger in one of the early proving flights to India in December 1926. He negotiated overflight and landing rights with South Africa and other African administrations, Australia and India.
In 1929, he participated in early test flights of the Government funded airship, R101, part of the Imperial Airship Scheme. He was instrumental in persuading the Secretary of State for Air, Christopher Birdwood Thomson, 1st Baron Thomson – an enthusiastic proponent of airships – to delay the construction of a larger and more expensive airship, R102 (which would have cost over £2m at contemporary prices), until R101 had successfully completed its maiden flight to India. In the event Bullock's caution was justified. R101 crashed only a few hours into its maiden flight, killing Lord Thomson and most of the crew. Shortly afterwards the Government abandoned the Imperial Airship Scheme.
Dismissal.
On 6 August 1936, he was dismissed from his post by the Prime Minister, Stanley Baldwin, on the advice of Sir Warren Fisher, following the report of a Board of Inquiry into his dealings with Sir Eric Geddes, the Chairman of Imperial Airways. The Board found that he had abused his position as head of the Ministry to seek a place on the Board of Imperial Airways, at a time when his Ministry was negotiating with the company to establish an air mail service – he had "interlaced public negotiations entrusted to him with the advancement of his personal or private interests" but also that "he at no time appreciated the gravity or fully realised the true nature or possible consequences of what he was doing and we consider that his failure to do so goes far to explain, though it cannot excuse, what has occurred".
As far as is known, he remains the only Permanent Under-Secretary to have been dismissed from the civil service.
After his dismissal, he received thousands of letters of support. His case was taken up in the United States by Time Magazine, which wrote: "Thus Sir Christopher Bullock had his career broken last week without anything specific being brought out against him. Among British aviators, the view was that Sir Christopher is easily worth ten of the men who investigated and broke him." "The gentlemen of the Air Ministry recently maneuvered Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin into dismissing the only one of its civil servants with a practical grasp of Britain's colossal problems in air rearmament, Sir Christopher Bullock."
On leaving the Civil Service, Bullock went on to pursue a successful career in business, being appointed to the board of a number of public companies.
Recognition.
Within the Government doubts quickly began to be voiced about the justice of his treatment. Even his Secretary of State and the Prime Minister in 1936, Baldwin, wrote letters admitting that their decision had been wrong. As former Prime Minister, Sir Stanley Baldwin later wrote "I feel it only right to say that, if I had had the full evidence before me which has now been made available, I should not have taken the decision I reluctantly did". Writing in November 1937, Lord Hankey stated "the more I think about it the more I feel that the punishment did not fit the crime". In December 1938, the Marquess of Londonderry – the Secretary of State for Air at the time of the dismissal – wrote privately to Baldwin "... was most unjustly treated and was the victim of the inveterate hatred of a civil servant Sir Warren Fisher who should never have been allowed to encompass his downfall, as he undoubtedly did."
In the spring of 1940, the injustice he had suffered was privately recognised when he was offered the Headship of the Petroleum Warfare Department which would have been "de facto" reinstatement and full restitution. Bullock declined, arguing that he was more valuable to the war effort as an industrialist.
After the war, his case was reviewed by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Jowitt, who concluded that the case against Bullock would have met if he had been allowed to resign in 1936 as no corruption was alleged – "it was really a case in which his zeal had outrun his discretion". Nonetheless Jowitt advised the Prime Minister Clement Attlee that he should not alter the decision "after all these years". Accordingly Attlee wrote to confirm Jowitt's conclusions but Bullock did not regard this as adequate redress.
Viscount Templewood wrote, in 1957, "Whatever may have been the merits of the dispute in which he (Bullock) was then involved – and I may say that I took his side, and that none of the charges in any way affected his honour – the fact remains that by his departure the Air Force lost one of its ablest defenders".
Despite campaigning for many years, Bullock never secured the redress he desired and died in 1972 without any official statement being issued about his treatment.
Public acknowledgment that his dismissal had been mistaken was belatedly made after his death when his Memorial Service at the Central Church of the Royal Air Force, St Clement Danes was attended by representatives of the Prime Minister, (Victor Goodhew M.P.), Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Defence (RAF), (Lord Lambton M.P.), the Home Civil Service (Permanent Under Secretary of State for the Ministry of Defence, Sir James Dunnett) and the Air Force Board (Air Chief Marshal Sir Edmund Hudleston and Air Chief Marshal Sir Denis Smallwood). The Address was given by The Rt. Hon. Lord Geoffrey Lloyd M.P.
Sir William Armstrong, Head of the Civil Service at the time of Bullock's death, wrote of "a great personal tragedy which clouded the rest of his life", many considering that "his treatment had been unduly severe", there being "no doubt at any time about his great abilities".
Family.
Bullock's elder brother was Professor Walter Llewellyn Bullock.
On 18 April 1917, he married Barbara May Lupton at the main Unitarian church of West London, Essex Church, The Mall, Kensington. The Lupton family are the paternal ancestors of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge. Sir Christopher and Lady Bullock had two sons, Richard Henry Watson Bullock CB and Edward Anthony Watson Bullock, both of whom entered public service, in the Home Civil Service and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office respectively. ""Si monumentum requiris, circumspice"".

</doc>
<doc id="20877404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877404" title="Dolsko">
Dolsko

Dolsko ( or ; in older sources also "Dolško", ) is a settlement northeast of Ljubljana in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Dolsko was attested in written sources in 1763–87 as "Dousko". The name is derived from a clipped noun phrase, "Dolsko (selo/polje)" '(village/field near) Dol'. Locally, the name is pronounced "Doškə".
History.
A school was established in Dolsko in 1880, and the schoolhouse was expanded with the addition of a second floor in 1904. The cemetery east of Dolsko was formerly used to bury drowning victims taken from the Sava River.
Church.
The local church, built outside the settlement, is dedicated to Saint Agatha. It was formerly dedicated to Saint Thaïs (). It is located south of the road east of the village. The nave of the church is decorated with painting of the Ascension, and the church also has stained glass windows and a stone altar. The cemetery chapel dates from 1500 and was reworked several times, most extensively around 1900. The bell tower was built between 1902 and 1905. The tower contains two bells dating from the first half of the 15th century.
Other cultural heritage.
In addition to Saint Agatha's Church, Dolsko has a number of other sites registered as cultural heritage:
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Dolsko include:

</doc>
<doc id="20877412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877412" title="William McDougall (Nova Scotia politician)">
William McDougall (Nova Scotia politician)

William McDougall (January 16, 1816 – May 2, 1886) was a shipbuilder, ship owner and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Hants County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1871 to 1874 as a Liberal member.
He was the son of Duncan McDougall. McDougall married Sarah O'Brien. He drowned at sea during a voyage between Philadelphia and Havre.

</doc>
<doc id="20877432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877432" title="1984 Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils football team">
1984 Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils football team

The 1984 Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils team represented the Mississippi Valley State University in the 1984 NCAA Division I-AA college football season. Its head coach was Archie Cooley.
Regular season.
As a senior in 1984, Jerry Rice broke his own Division I-AA records for receptions (112) and receiving yards (1,845). His 27 touchdown receptions in that 1984 season set the NCAA mark for all divisions.
The 1984 season was also memorable for the Delta Devils as the club attracted national attention. The Delta Devils scored 628 points (an average of more than 59 per game). Rice caught 17 passes for 199 yards against Southern, 17 for 294 against Kentucky State and 15 for 285 against Jackson State, the first time MVSU beat them since 1954. 
Rice scored 5 TDs twice that year. He finished his career with 301 catches for 4,693 yards and 50 touchdowns. His NCAA record for total career touchdown receptions stood until October 7, 2006, when University of New Hampshire wide receiver David Ball, recorded his fifty-first career receiving touchdown.
Even though Willie Totten was the quarterback, Rice was the biggest name on the team and was named to every All-American team (including the AP squad) and finished 9th in Heisman Trophy balloting in 1984. In the Blue Gray Classic all-star game played on Christmas Day, he earned MVP honors.

</doc>
<doc id="20877434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877434" title="National Division 1">
National Division 1

National Division 1 is the third tier of rugby league in France, after Elite 1 and Elite 2. The winner of National Division 1 is promoted to Elite 2 subject to having adequate finances and facilities.
Past winners.
From inception in 1950 until 1966 this tier of French rugby league was known as the 2nd Division. When it was re-introduced in 1976 it was called National 2. Following the recent re-structuring of the French league system it's now called National Division 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20877439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877439" title="Nouriya Al-Subaih">
Nouriya Al-Subaih

Nouriya Al-Subaih is a former education minister of Kuwait. She refused to wear a headscarf during her tenure. In January 2008, she survived a no confidence vote by Islamist MPs.
After the 2009 general election, she was replaced as education minister by Moudhi Humoud.

</doc>
<doc id="20877450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877450" title="Nicholas Pillai Pakiaranjith">
Nicholas Pillai Pakiaranjith

Father Nicholas Pillai Pakiaranjith was a minority Sri Lankan Tamil, Roman Catholic parish priest and aid worker. He was killed on 26 September 2008 by a Deep Penetration Unit of the Sri Lankan Army.
Biography.
Nicholas Pillai was born in Jaffna and joined the Mannar dicoese and was ordained as a Jesuit priest on December 17, 1997 .He was also the District Coordinator of Mannar for the Jesuit Refugee Service which helped and worked with war displaced Tamils. His death is part of a series of killing of Tamil human rights workers.
Incident.
Nicholas Pillai was on the way to provide aid to displaced Tamils when his Van was hit a claymore mine on Kalvi'laan on Maangkulam - Vellaangkulam road in Mannar while he was on his way to Vidaththaltheevu. He was killed while he was on his Humanitration mission.

</doc>
<doc id="20877456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877456" title="Project Azorian">
Project Azorian

"Azorian" (erroneously called "Jennifer" after its Top Secret Security Compartment by the press) was the code name for a U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) project to recover the sunken Soviet submarine K-129 from the Pacific Ocean floor in the summer of 1974, using the purpose-built ship "Hughes Glomar Explorer". The 1968 sinking of the K-129 occurred approximately northwest of Hawaii. Project Azorian was one of the most complex, expensive, and secretive intelligence operations of the Cold War at a cost of about $800 million ($ in dollars).
In addition to designing the high tech recovery ship and its unique lifting cradle, the U.S. used concepts developed with Global Marine (see Project Mohole) that utilized their precision stability equipment to keep the ship nearly stationary above the target (and do this while lowering nearly three miles of pipe). They worked with scientists to develop methods for preserving paper that had been underwater for years in hopes of being able to recover and read the submarine's codebooks. The exact reasons why this project was undertaken are unknown, but likely reasons included the recovery of an intact nuclear missile (R-21, also known as NATO SS-N-5-SERB), and cryptological documents and equipment.
After the Soviet Union performed their unsuccessful search for the K-129, the U.S. undertook a search, and by the use of acoustic data from four AFTAC sites and the Adak SOSUS array located the wreck of the submarine to within 5 nautical miles. The submarine used the Fish, a towed, 12 foot, 2 ton collection of cameras, strobe lights, and sonar to detect seafloor objects that was built to withstand extreme depths. The recovery operation commenced covertly (in international waters) about six years later with the supposed commercial purpose of mining the sea floor for manganese nodules under the cover of Howard Hughes and the "Hughes Glomar Explorer". While the ship did recover a portion of "K-129", a mechanical failure in the grapple caused two-thirds of the recovered section to break off during recovery.
Target: the wreck of the K-129.
In April 1968, Soviet Pacific Fleet surface and air assets were observed conducting a surge deployment to the North Pacific Ocean that involved some unusual search operations. The activity was evaluated by the Office of Naval Intelligence (ONI) as a possible reaction to the loss of a Soviet submarine. Soviet surface ship searches were centered on a location known to be associated with Soviet Golf II Class SSB strategic ballistic missile diesel submarine patrol routes. These submarines carried three nuclear missiles in an extended sail/conning tower and routinely deployed to within missile range of the U.S. west coast. The American SOSUS (Sea Spider) hydrophone network in the northern Pacific was tasked with reviewing its recordings in the hopes of detecting an implosion (or explosion) related to such a loss. Naval Facility (NAVFAC) Point Sur, south of Monterey, California, was able to isolate a sonic signature on its low frequency array (LOFAR) recordings of an implosion event that had occurred on March 8, 1968 (for which they received a Meritorious Unit Commendation in 1969). Using NavFac Point Sur's date and time of the event, NavFac Adak and the U.S. West Coast NAVFAC were also able to isolate the acoustic event. With five SOSUS lines-of-bearing, Naval Intelligence was able to localize the site of the K-129 wreck to the vicinity of 40° N latitude and 180° longitude (International Date Line).
After weeks of search, the Soviets were unable to locate their sunken boat, and Soviet Pacific Fleet operations gradually returned to a normal level. In July 1968, the U.S. Navy initiated "Operation Sand Dollar" with the deployment of from Pearl Harbor to the wreck site. Sand Dollar's objective was to find and photograph the K-129. In 1965, "Halibut" had been configured to use deep submergence search equipment, the only such specially-equipped submarine then in U.S. inventory. Despite a SOSUS-provided locus containing over of search area, and a wreck located over in depth, "Halibut" located the wreck after only three weeks of at-depth visual search utilizing robotic remote-controlled cameras. (Compare this to almost 5 months of open and unrestricted search required to locate the wreck of the U.S. nuclear-powered submarine in the Atlantic, also in 1968). "Halibut" is reported to have spent the next several weeks taking over 20,000 closeup photos of every aspect of the K-129 wreck, a feat for which "Halibut" received a special classified Presidential Unit Citation signed by Lyndon B. Johnson in 1968.
In 1970, based upon this photography, Defense Secretary Melvin Laird and Henry Kissinger, then National Security Advisor, proposed a clandestine plan to recover the wreckage so that the U.S. could study Soviet nuclear missile technology, as well as possibly recover cryptographic materials. The proposal was accepted by President Richard Nixon and the CIA was tasked to attempt the recovery.
Building the "Glomar Explorer", and its cover story.
Global Marine Development Inc., the research and development arm of Global Marine Inc., a pioneer in deepwater offshore drilling operations, was contracted to design, build and operate the "Hughes Glomar Explorer" in order to secretly salvage the sunken Soviet submarine from the ocean floor. The ship was built at the Sun Shipbuilding yard near Philadelphia. Billionaire businessman Howard Hughes — whose companies were already contractors on numerous classified US military weapons, aircraft and satellite contracts — agreed to lend his name to the project in order to support the cover story that the ship was mining manganese nodules from the ocean floor, but Hughes and his companies had no actual involvement in the project. The K-129 was photographed at a depth of over , and thus the salvage operation would be well beyond the depth of any ship salvage operation ever before attempted. On November 1, 1972, work began on the , "Hughes Glomar Explorer" (HGE).
Recovery.
The "Hughes Glomar Explorer" employed a large mechanical claw, which Lockheed officially titled the "Capture Vehicle" but affectionately called "Clementine". The capture vehicle was designed to be lowered to the ocean floor, grasp around the targeted submarine section, and then lift that section into the ship's hold. One requirement of this technology was to keep the floating base stable and in position over a fixed point below the ocean surface.
The capture vehicle was lowered and raised on a pipe string similar to those used on oil drilling rigs. Section by section, steel pipes were strung together to lower the claw through a hole in the middle of the ship. This configuration was designed by Western Gear Corp. of Everett, Washington. Upon a successful capture by the claw, the lift reversed the process — sections drawn up and removed one at a time. The salvaged "Target Object" was thus to be drawn into a moon pool, the doors of which could then be closed to form a floor for the salvaged section. This allowed for the entire salvage process to take place underwater, away from the view of other ships, aircraft, or spy satellites.
Sailing from Long Beach, California on June 20, 1974, "Hughes Glomar Explorer" arrived at the recovery site July 4 and conducted salvage operations for over a month. During this period, at least two Soviet Navy ships visited the Glomar Explorer's work site, the oceangoing tug "SB-10", and the Soviet Missile Range Instrumentation Ship "Chazma". It was later found out after 1991 that the Soviets were tipped off about the operation and were aware that the CIA was planning some kind of salvage operation, but the military command believed it impossible that they could perform such a task and disregarded further intelligence warnings. Later on, as Soviet military engineering experts claimed that it was indeed possible (though highly unlikely) to recover the K-129, ships in the area were ordered to report any unusual activity, although the lack of knowledge as to where the K-129 was located impeded their ability to stop any salvage operation.
U.S. Major General Roland Lajoie stated that, according to a briefing he received by the CIA, during recovery operations, Clementine suffered a catastrophic failure, causing two-thirds of the already raised portion of K-129 to sink back to the ocean floor. Former Lockheed and Hughes Global Marine employees who worked on the operation have stated that several of the "claws" intended to grab the submarine fractured, possibly because they were manufactured from maraging steel, which is very strong, but not very ductile compared with other kinds of steel.
However, the recovered section did include two nuclear torpedoes, and thus Project Azorian is not considered a complete failure. The bodies of six crewmen were also recovered, and were subsequently given a memorial service and with military honors, buried at sea in a metal casket because of radioactivity concerns. Other crew members have reported that code books and other materials of apparent interest to CIA employees aboard the vessel were recovered, and images of inventory printouts exhibited in the documentary suggest that various submarine components, such as hatch covers, instruments and sonar equipment were also recovered. White's documentary also states that the ship's bell from K-129 was recovered, and was subsequently returned to Russia as part of a diplomatic effort. The CIA considered that the project was one of the greatest intelligence coups of the Cold War.
Project Azorian remains a technological milestone as the deepest salvage operation ever conducted. The entire salvage operation was recorded by a CIA documentary film crew, but this film remains classified. A short portion of the film, showing the recovery and subsequent burial at sea of the six bodies recovered in the forward section of the K-129, was given to the Russians in 1992.
Public disclosure.
"The New York Times" suppresses its story.
In February 1975, investigative reporter and former Timesman Seymour Hersh had planned to publish a story on Project Azorian. Bill Kovach, the "New York Times" Washington bureau chief at the time, said in 2005 that the government offered a convincing argument to delay publication — exposure at that time, while the project was ongoing, "would have caused an international incident." "The Times" published its account in March 1975, after a story appeared in the "Los Angeles Times", and included a five-paragraph explanation of the many twists and turns in the path to publication. CIA director George H. W. Bush reported on several occasions to U.S. president Gerald Ford on media reports and the future use of the ship. The CIA concluded that it seemed unclear what, if any, action was taken by the Soviet Union after learning of the story.
Freedom Of Information Act request and the Glomar response.
After stories had been published about the CIA's attempts to stop publication of information about Project Azorian, Harriet Ann Phillippi, a journalist, filed a Freedom of Information Act request with the CIA for any records about the CIA's attempts. The CIA refused to either confirm or deny the existence of such documents. This type of non-responsive reply has since come to be known as the "Glomar response" or "Glomarization."
1998 release of video.
A video showing the 1974 memorial services for the six Soviet seamen whose bodies were recovered by Project Azorian was forwarded by the U.S. to Russia in the early 1990s. Portions of this video were shown on television documentaries concerning Project Azorian, including a 1998 Discovery Channel special called "A Matter of National Security" (based on Clyde W. Burleson's book, The Jennifer Project (1977) and again in 1999, on a PBS Cold War submarine episode of "NOVA".
2010 release of 1985 CIA article.
In February 2010, the CIA released an article from the fall 1985 edition of the CIA internal journal "Studies in Intelligence" following an application by researcher Matthew Aid at the National Security Archive to declassify the information under the US Freedom of Information Act. Exactly what the operation managed to salvage remained unclear. The report was written by an unidentified participant in Project Azorian.
2010 release of President Ford cabinet meeting.
During the aftermath of the publication of the "Project Jennifer" story by Seymour Hersh, U.S. President Gerald Ford, Secretary of Defense James R. Schlesinger, Philip Buchen (Counsel to the President), John O. Marsh, Jr. (Counselor to the President), Ambassador Donald Rumsfeld, Lt. General Brent Scowcroft (Deputy Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs), and William Colby (Director of Central Intelligence) discussed the leak and whether the Ford administration would react to Hersch's story. In a cabinet meeting on March 19, 1975 (the same day "The New York Times" published the story), Secretary of Defense Schlesinger is quoted as saying,
With the words "marvel" and "major American accomplishment" used to describe Operation Matador, it is obvious that the Secretary of Defense indicated at least some form of success that should be confirmed publicly. The director of CIA, William Colby dissented, recalling the U-2 crisis, saying:
The result of the meeting was to stonewall, causing the "Los Angeles Times" to publish a 4-page story the next day by Jack Nelson with the headline, "Administration Won't Talk About Sub Raised by CIA."
Conspiracy theory.
Red Star Rogue.
Kenneth Sewell, in his book "Red Star Rogue" (2005), offers additional theories and speculation. The book makes the case that K-129 was hijacked by an 11-man special forces team placed aboard and directed by a cabal of KGB hardliners, with full involvement of KGB director Yuri Andropov, that the submarine was successfully commandeered, and that the KGB team actually attempted to launch a nuclear missile targeted against Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. Sewell's thesis is that the attack was designed in a manner to implicate the Chinese and point away from any Soviet involvement in an effort to provoke a nuclear confrontation between China and the United States. At that time, relations between Moscow and Beijing had deteriorated to the point at which many believed that open war was inevitable (see the Sino-Soviet Split), while relations between Beijing and the U.S., though cool in 1968, drastically improved by 1970 (culminating in the Sino-American rapprochement and 1972 Nixon visit to China). The theory is that the Soviets feared a U.S.-China detente which would disadvantage Soviet interests around the world. The author's hypothesis is that the missile's fail-safe devices were inadequately circumvented, and an explosion resulted which sank the submarine. This book also claims that Project Azorian was almost a total success and recovered all of its targeted material, including a nuclear missile warhead and cryptographic equipment and codebooks.
Multiple misdirection.
"Tim"e magazine as well as a court filing by Felice D. Cohen and Morton H. Halperin on behalf of the Military Audit Project suggest that the alleged project goal of raising a Soviet submarine might itself have been a cover story for another secret mission. Tapping of undersea communication cables, the installation of an underwater equivalent of a missile silo, and installation and repair of surveillance systems to monitor ship and submarine movements are listed as examples for such a secret mission.
New eyewitness account.
W. Craig Reed, in "Red November: Inside the Secret U.S. - Soviet Submarine War" (2010), contains an inside account of Project Azorian provided by Joe Houston, the senior engineer who designed leading-edge camera systems used by the "Glomar Explorer" team to photograph K-129 on the ocean floor. The team needed pictures that offered precise measurements to design the grappling arm and other systems used to bring the sunken submarine up from the bottom. Houston worked for the mysterious "Mr. P" (John Parangosky) who worked for CIA Deputy Director Carl E. Duckett — the two leaders of Project Azorian. Duckett later worked with Houston at another company, and intimated that the CIA may have recovered much more from the K-129 than admitted to publicly. Reed also details how the mini-sub technology used by the submarine "Halibut" to find K-129 was used for subsequent Operation Ivy Bells missions to wiretap underwater Soviet communications cables.
In a documentary film titled "Azorian: The Raising Of The K-129", which was produced by Michael White and released in 2009, three principals who participated in the design of the Hughes Glomar Explorer heavy lift system and the Lockheed capture vehicle (CV or claw) gave on-camera interviews. These individuals were also on board the ship during the mission and were intimately involved with the recovery operation. They are: Sherman Wetmore, Global Marine heavy lift operations manager; Charlie Johnson, Global Marine heavy lift engineer; and Raymond Feldman, Lockheed Ocean Systems senior staff engineer. These three, plus others who were not on board during the recovery but were cleared on all aspects of the mission, confirmed that only 38 feet of the bow was eventually recovered. The intent was to recover the forward two thirds (138 feet) of the K-129, which had broken off from the rear section of the submarine and was designated the Target Object (TO). The capture vehicle successfully lifted the TO from the ocean floor. On the way up, a failure of part of the capture vehicle caused the loss of 100 feet, including the sail, of the TO. In October 2010 a book based on the film, "Project Azorian: The CIA And The Raising of the K-129" by Norman Polmar and Michael White, was published. The book contains additional documentary evidence about the effort to locate the submarine and the recovery operation.

</doc>
<doc id="20877461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877461" title="Soviet submarine K-129 (1960)">
Soviet submarine K-129 (1960)

K-129 was a Project 629A (NATO reporting name Golf-II) diesel-electric powered submarine of the Soviet Pacific Fleet, one of six Project 629 strategic ballistic missile submarines attached to the 15th Submarine Squadron based at Rybachiy Naval Base, Kamchatka, commanded by Rear Admiral Rudolf A. Golosov.
In January 1968, the 15th Submarine Squadron was part of the 29th Ballistic Missile Division at Rybachiy, commanded by Admiral Viktor A. Dygalo. "K-129"s commander was Captain First Rank V.I. Kobzar. "K-129" carried hull number 722 on her final deployment during which she sank on 8 March 1968. The Soviet Navy deployed a huge flotilla of ships to search for her but never found her wreck. The United States attempted to recover the boat in 1974 in a secret cold war-era effort named Project Azorian. The attempt to raise the vessel from greater than below the surface was the deepest attempt ever to raise a ship. The cover story used was that the salvage vessel was engaged in commercial manganese nodule mining.
Sinking.
"K-129", having completed two 70-day ballistic-missile combat patrols in 1967, was tasked with her third patrol to commence 24 February 1968, with an expected completion date of 5 May 1968. Upon departure 24 February, "K-129" reached deep water, conducted its test dive, returned to the surface to report by radio that all was well, and proceeded on patrol. No further communication was received from "K-129", despite normal radio check-ins expected when the submarine crossed the 180th meridian, and when it arrived at its patrol area.
By mid-March, Soviet naval authorities in Kamchatka became concerned that "K-129" had missed two consecutive radio check-ins. First, "K-129" was instructed by normal fleet broadcast to break radio silence and contact headquarters; later and more urgent communications all went unanswered. Soviet naval headquarters declared "K-129" "missing" by the third week of March and organized an air, surface, and sub-surface search-and-rescue effort in the North Pacific from Kamchatka and Vladivostok.
This unusual Soviet deployment in the Pacific was analysed by U.S. intelligence as probably in reaction to a submarine loss. U.S. SOSUS Naval Facilities (NAVFACs) in the North Pacific were alerted and requested to review recent acoustic records to identify any possible associated signal. Several SOSUS arrays recorded a possibly related event on 8 March 1968, and upon examination produced sufficient triangulation by lines-of-bearing to provide the U.S. Navy with a locus for the probable wreck site. One source characterized the acoustic signal as "an isolated, single sound of an explosion or implosion, 'a good-sized bang'." The acoustic event was reported to have originated near 40 N, 180th longitude.
Soviet search efforts, lacking the equivalent of the U.S. SOSUS system, proved unable to locate "K-129", and eventually Soviet naval activity in the North Pacific returned to normal. "K-129" was subsequently declared lost with all hands.
American intelligence resources, with the aid of SOSUS triangulation, would later locate the "K-129" wreck, photograph it "in situ" at its depth, and (several years later) partially salvage it.
Discovery and salvage – Project Azorian.
The wreck of "K-129" was identified by the northwest of Oahu at an approximate depth of in early August 1968. It was surveyed in detail over the next three weeks by "Halibut" -reportedly with over 20,000 close-up photos- and later also possibly by the bathyscaphe "Trieste II". Given a unique opportunity to recover a Soviet SS-N-5 Serb nuclear missile without the knowledge of the Soviet Union the "K-129" wreck came to the attention of U.S. national authorities. President Nixon authorized a salvage attempt after consideration by the Secretary of Defense and the White House. To ensure the salvage attempt remained "black" ("i.e." clandestine and secret) the CIA, rather than the Navy, was tasked to conduct the operation. The "Hughes Glomar Explorer" was designed and built under CIA contract solely for the purpose of conducting a clandestine salvage of "K-129". The salvage operation, named Project Azorian, would be one of the most expensive and deepest secrets of the Cold War.
Leak and widespread media attention.
Seymour Hersh of the "New York Times" uncovered some of the details of Project Azorian in 1974, but was kept from publication by the action of the Director of Central Intelligence, William Colby. Months after the salvage operation was completed, in February 1975, the "Los Angeles Times" ran a brief story regarding the CIA operation, which led the "New York Times" to release Hersh's story. Jack Anderson continued the story on national television in March 1975. The media called the operation Project Jennifer, which in 2010 was revealed to be incorrect, since Jennifer referred only to a security system which compartmentalised Azorian project data.
The "Hughes Glomar Explorer" was publicly believed to be mining manganese nodules on the sea floor. Once the real purpose of Azorian was leaked to the media, however, the Soviet Union eventually found out about what happened. According to one account, in July–August 1974 the "Hughes Glomar Explorer" grappled with and was able to lift the forward half of the wreck of "K-129", but as it was raised the claw suffered a critical failure resulting in the forward section breaking into two pieces with the all-important sail area and centre section falling back to the ocean floor. Thus the centre sail area and the after portions of "K-129" were not recovered. What exactly was retrieved in the section that was recovered is classified Secret Noforn or Top Secret, but the Soviets assumed that the United States recovered torpedoes with nuclear warheads, operations manuals, code books and coding machines. Another source (unofficial) states that the U.S. recovered the bow area, which contained two nuclear torpedoes, but no cryptographic equipment nor code books.
The United States announced that in the section they recovered were the bodies of six men. Due to radioactive contamination, the bodies were buried at sea in a steel chamber on 4 September 1974, with full military honors about southwest of Hawaii. The videotape of that ceremony was given to Russia by U.S. Director of Central Intelligence Robert Gates when he visited Moscow in October 1992. The relatives of the crew members were eventually shown the video some years later.
Continuing secrecy and official objections to full disclosure.
The "K-129" recovery has been stated to have been a failure, recovering a small amount of insignificant parts of the submarine. The CIA argued in a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit, however, that the project had to be kept secret because any "official acknowledgment of involvement by U.S. Government agencies would disclose the nature and purpose of the program." To this day the files, photographs, videotapes and other documentary evidence remain closed to the public. A few pictures appeared in a 2010 documentary showing the "K-129" wreck: the bow and the sail, with the missile compartment heavily damaged showing only one missile tube left attached to the structure.
Specific location.
The location of the wreck remains an official secret of the United States intelligence services. However, Dr. John P. Craven points to a location nearly 40 degrees North, and almost exactly on the 180th meridian. CIA documents reveal that it sank "1,560 miles northwest of Hawaii," and that the Hughes Glomar Explorer had to travel 3,008 miles from Long Beach, CA, to reach the recovery site. The International Atomic Energy Agency states that two nuclear warheads from "K-129" were located in the Pacific 1,230 miles from Kamchatka at coordinates 40°6'N and 179°57'E at a depth of , and lists them as recovered. All three distances point to a location of , which is close to north of the Midway Atoll. The CIA gives for its approximate depth.
Explaining the disaster.
The official Soviet Navy hypothesis is that "K-129", while operating in snorkel mode, slipped below its operating depth. Such an event, combined with a mechanical failure or improper crew reaction, can cause flooding sufficient to sink the boat.
This account, however, has not been accepted by many, and four alternative theories have been advanced to explain the loss of "K-129":
Reportedly, as many as 40 of the complement of 98 were new to the submarine for this deployment. The official account and the first theory could at least be plausible consequences of this situation, if true.
Hydrogen explosion.
Lead–acid batteries vent explosive hydrogen gas while charging. The hydrogen gas, if not properly vented, could have accumulated into an explosive concentration. Submariners, though, have understood this risk and had procedures to mitigate it for nearly a century.
Dr. John P. Craven, former chief scientist of the U.S. Navy's Special Projects Office and former head of the DSSP and DSRV programs, commented:
I have never seen or heard of a submarine disaster that was not accompanied by the notion that the battery blew up and started it all. [...] Naive investigators, examining the damage in salvaged battery compartments, invariably blame the sinking on battery explosions until they learn that any fully charged battery suddenly exposed to seawater will explode. It is an inevitable effect of a sinking and almost never a cause.
At least one American submarine, , on the other hand, was lost off Norway in 1949 due to a hydrogen explosion in the battery compartment. Most of "Cochino's" crew was rescued and the cause of her sinking is therefore known.
Collision with USS "Swordfish".
It was standard practice during the Cold War for U.S. Navy attack submarines to trail Soviet missile submarines as they departed their home ports and moved into the North Pacific or the North Atlantic Ocean.
The collision theory is the unofficial opinion of many Soviet Navy officers, and is officially denied by the U.S. Navy. According to U.S. Navy sources, put into Yokosuka, Japan on 17 March 1968, shortly after the disappearance of "K-129", and received emergency repairs to a bent periscope, reportedly caused by ice impacted during surfacing while conducting classified operations in the Sea of Japan.
The seizure by the North Korean government occurred in the Sea of Japan on 23 January 1968, and the U.S. Navy response to this incident included the deployment and maintenance of naval assets in the area off the eastern North Korean coast for some time thereafter.
In response to Russian efforts to ascertain whether "K-129" had been lost due to damage resulting from a collision with a U.S. submarine, an official U.S. statement by Ambassador Malcolm Toon to a Russian delegation during a meeting in the Kremlin in August 1993 related:
A news release in 2000 demonstrates that Russian suspicion and sensitivity concerning the collision possibility, and indeed their preference for such an explanation, remains active:
A picture of the "Swordfish" on 17 March 1968 at its berth in Japan published in a Japanese newspaper showed only a bent periscope and a dented sail. A collision sufficient to breach the pressure hull of another submarine would have significantly damaged the sail.
An unconfirmed report states that "K-129" was trailed from its home port Petropavlovsk by , which had been stationed off Petropavlovsk for an intelligence-gathering mission. USS "Barb", according to the report, had orders to attack "K-129" if the Russian submarine was preparing for a missile launch. The report further states that USS "Barb" witnessed the sinking of "K-129" but was not involved in it.
Missile explosion due to leaking hatch seal.
On 3 October 1986 the Soviet Yankee-class SSBN "K-219", while on combat patrol in the Atlantic, suffered the explosion of a liquid-fuelled SS-N-6 missile in one of its 16 missile tubes. The cause of the explosion was a leaking missile tube hatch seal. The leak allowed sea water to come into contact with residue of the missile's propellants, which caused a spontaneous fire resulting in an explosion first of the missile booster, then a subsequent explosion of the warhead detonator charge. In the case of the Yankee-class SSBN, the missiles were located within the pressure hull and the explosion did not cause damage sufficient to immediately sink the ship. It did, however, cause extensive radioactive contamination throughout, requiring the submarine to surface and the evacuation of the crew to the weather deck, and later to a rescue vessel which had responded to the emergency. Subsequently, "K-219" sank into the Hatteras Abyss with the loss of 4 crewmen and rests at a depth of about . The Soviet Navy later claimed that the leak was caused by a collision with .
There are indicators suggesting "K-129" suffered a similar explosion in 1968. First, the radioactive contamination of the recovered bow section and the six crewmen of "K-129" by weapons grade plutonium indicates the explosion of the warhead detonator charge of one of the missiles, before the ship reached its crush depth. The report that the forward section was crushed and that charring in the bow section indicated dieseling from an implosion (or alternatively from a fire), would indicate that the explosion occurred while "K-129" was submerged and at depth. The report found in that the wreck revealed "K-129" with a hole immediately abaft the conning tower would support the theory of an explosion of one of the three missiles in the sail (possibly missile #3). Since "K-129"s missiles were housed in the sail much less structural mass (compared to the Yankee-class) was available to contain such an explosion, and loss of depth control of the submarine would be instantaneous.
"K-129" off-course or out of area.
According to Dr. John P. Craven, "K-129" crossed the International Date Line at latitude 40 north, which was far south of her expected position:
When K-129 passed longitude 180, it should have been farther north, at a latitude of 45 degrees, or more than three hundred miles away. If that was a navigational mistake it would be an error of historic proportions. Thus if the sub were not somewhere in the vicinity of where the Soviets supposed it to be, there would be a high probability, if not a certainty, that the submarine was a rogue, off on its own, in grave disobedience of its orders.
Craven does not explain why he eliminated the possibilities that "K-129" was proceeding to a newly assigned and officially approved patrol area, or using a new track to an established patrol area, nor why he concluded that "K-129" was acting in an abnormal or criminal manner for a Soviet strategic missile submarine.
Craven also noted, in a strangely worded statement:
Craven does not reconcile a sinking location at 40°N latitude with an oil slick hundreds of miles south of that latitude, nor does he reconcile the date/time of the sinking, with date/time of the recovery of radioactive oil by the oceanographic research ship.
Anatoliy Shtyrov (Анатолий Штыров), a former Deputy Chief of the Soviet Pacific Fleet intelligence, states that "K-129", whose normal patrol area was off the west coast of the USA, was sent on an unscheduled combat patrol in the eastern Pacific only 1.5 months after returning from its previous patrol. Vladimir Evdasin (Владимир Евдасин), who from June 1960 to March 1961 served aboard "K-129", states that "K-129" was sent on a secret mission in response to the massive US naval force built-up off the Korean coast after the Pueblo incident. "K-129"s mission was in support of North Korea, which was an ally of the Soviet Union, and directed against US naval operations, Pacific bases and US maritime support lines to South-east Asia.
Unauthorized missile launch.
In 2005 Kenneth Sewell, in his investigative book "Red Star Rogue—The Untold Story of a Soviet Submarine's Nuclear Strike Attempt on the U.S.", claimed that "K-129" ventured much further south, some north west of Oahu on 7 March 1968, positioning to launch one of her three ballistic missiles in a rogue attack on Pearl Harbor. The manner of the launch was purportedly designed to mimic an attack by a Chinese submarine, with the intention of igniting a war between the U.S. and China. Specific efforts to mimic a Chinese attack include positioning the sub at a grid point (simplifying targeting for missile), 350 miles from Hawaii (Chinese missile range, Soviet missiles could reach 800+ miles) and surfacing to launch, something not required by the Golf II subs—but reportedly captured by US satellite photos of surface explosions.
"Red Star Rogue" posits that the sinking of "K-129" was caused by the explosion of one of the ballistic missiles while it was being readied for launch. It goes on to discuss the insertion of a small secret fail safe circuit that would destroy the warhead in the event of an unauthorised launch by a rogue crew member. John Craven's "The Silent War: The Cold War Battle Beneath the Sea" (p. 218) supports a similar conclusion.
Evidence undermining Sewell's false flag operation theory includes CIA's claim that the submarine sank northwest of Hawaii, and the missile range speaks against Hawaii as a viable target for such an attack. The Midway Atoll would have been the only target in range. While China did have at least one Golf-class submarine – built from Soviet plans, the Chinese People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) did not successfully develop an SLBM system until the 1970s. Additionally, Sewell provides no evidence of any efforts undertaken by "K-129" to mimic any Chinese warship. Sewell's theory points to a conspiracy involving hardcore Communist ideologues highly placed in the Soviet leadership, a group that included KGB chief Yuri Andropov. This claim is also suspect as it raises the question of why KGB leaders – who have access to nuclear weapons – would need to bypass security safeguards against an unauthorised launch.
The unauthorized launch theory is the basis for the 2013 film "Phantom," which includes references to the unexpected deployment, the unusually large crew, and the political motivation, but it introduces a story line that the instigators are rogues both with respect to the Soviet Navy and also to the Soviet leadership.
In Sewell's next book, "All Hands Down", he claimed the Russians falsely believed "K-129" was sunk by the U.S. Navy, possibly in a collision with USS "Swordfish" (see above). The book also states that the was lured into a trap and sunk by a Ka-25 helicopter in retaliation for "K-129".
Administrative inconsistencies.
Russian President Boris Yeltsin posthumously awarded the Order of Valor to 98 sailors who died aboard "K-129". Some have pointed to this level of manning as anomalous, because the normal complement of a diesel-electric Golf-class Russian submarine was about 83. Boosting total submarine complement by almost 20% might tax the logistical capabilities of the submarine (reducing patrol duration), and could potentially hamper the operations of the boat. No explanation for this level of submarine manning has been provided by the Russian Navy.
Alternative theories on Project Azorian.
"Red Star Rogue" makes the claim that Project Azorian recovered virtually all of "K-129" from the ocean floor, and in fact "Despite an elaborate cover-up and the eventual claim the project had been a failure, most of "K-129" and the remains of the crew were, in fact, raised from the bottom of the Pacific and brought into the "Glomar Explorer"".
In August 1993, Ambassador Malcolm Toon presented to a Russian delegation "K-129"s ship's bell. According to "Red Star Rogue", this bell had been permanently attached to the middle of the conning tower of "K-129", thus indicating that in addition to the bow of the submarine, the critical and valuable midsection of the submarine was at least partially recovered by Project Azorian.
Craven suggests that Project Azorian's real goal was not the nuclear weapons or the coding systems at all; rather, the project sought to determine exactly what "K-129" was doing at 40N/180 "where she did not belong". Such information could be (and supposedly was) utilized within Henry Kissinger's foreign policy of "Deterrence Through Uncertainty", in order to "raise an unanswerable question in Leonid Brezhnev's mind about his command and control of his armed forces".
Mutual agreement – some connection between "K-129" and the loss of USS "Scorpion".
Retired United States Navy Captain Peter Huchthausen, former naval attaché in Moscow, had a brief conversation in 1987 with Soviet admirals concerning "K-129". Huchthausen states that Admiral Peter Navojtsev told him, "Captain, you are very young and inexperienced, but you will learn that there were some matters that both nations have agreed to not discuss, and one of these is the reasons we lost K-129." In 1995, when Huchthausen began work on a book about the Soviet underwater fleet, he interviewed Admiral Victor Dygalo, who stated that the true history of "K-129" has not been revealed because of the informal agreement between the two countries' senior naval commands. The purpose of that secrecy, he alleged, is to stop any further research into the losses of and "K-129". Huchthausen states that Dygalo told him to "overlook this matter, and hope that the time will come when the truth will be told to the families of the victims."
Gates' visit to Moscow.
In October 1992, Robert Gates, as the Director of Central Intelligence visited Moscow to meet with President Boris Yeltsin of Russia. "As a gesture of intent, a symbol of a new era, I carried with me the Soviet naval flag that had shrouded the coffins of the half dozen Soviet sailors whose remains the Glomar Explorer had recovered when it raised part of a Soviet ballistic missile submarine from deep in the Pacific Ocean in the mid-1970s, I also was taking to Yeltsin a videotape of their burial at sea, complete with prayers for the dead and the Soviet national anthem—a dignified and respectful service even at the height of the Cold War."
Gates’s decision to bring the videotape of the funeral held for the men on the Golf was ultimately motivated by the fact that the United States wanted to inspire Russia to offer up information on missing American service men in Vietnam. Before that, “We had never confirmed anything to the Russians except in various vague senses,” he said in an interview. “Shortly after the USSR collapsed, the Bush administration had told the Russians through an intermediary that we couldn’t tell them any more about what had happened on Golf/"Glomar". But then when we started asking the Russians about what had happened to U.S. pilots shot down over Vietnam, and if any U.S. POWs had been transferred to Russia and held there, they came back and said, “What about our guys in the submarine?” At the time, the administration told the Russians only that there were no survivors and that there were only scattered remains.” A subsequent FOIA search to find if any POWs were released as a result of this visit produced only negative results.
Fictional reference.
The 2013 movie "Phantom" is very loosely based on the K-129.

</doc>
<doc id="20877466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877466" title="GSF Explorer">
GSF Explorer

GSF Explorer, formerly USNS "Hughes Glomar Explorer" (T-AG-193), is a deep-sea drillship platform initially built for the United States Central Intelligence Agency Special Activities Division secret operation Project Azorian to recover the sunken Soviet submarine "K-129", lost in April 1968. 
The cultural impact of "Glomar Explorer" is indicated by its reference in a number of books: "The Ghost from the Grand Banks", a 1990 science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke; "Shock Wave" by Clive Cussler; Charles Stross's novel, "The Jennifer Morgue"; and "The Hunt for Red October" by Tom Clancy.
Construction.
"Hughes Glomar Explorer" (HGE), as the ship was called at the time, was built between 1973 and 1974, by Sun Shipbuilding and Drydock Co. for more than at the direction of Howard Hughes for use by his company, Global Marine Development Inc. She set sail on 20 June 1974. Hughes told the media that the ship's purpose was to extract manganese nodules from the ocean floor. This marine geology cover story became surprisingly influential, spurring many others to examine the idea. But in sworn testimony in United States district court proceedings and in appearances before government agencies, Global Marine executives and others associated with "Hughes Glomar Explorer" project unanimously maintained that the ship could not be used in any economically viable ocean mineral operation.
Project Azorian.
Because "K-129" sank in very deep water 1,560 miles NW of Hawaii, a large ship was required for the recovery operation. Such a vessel would easily be spotted by Soviet vessels, which might then interfere with the operation, so an elaborate cover story was developed. The CIA contacted Hughes, who agreed to assist.
While the ship did recover a portion of "K-129", a mechanical failure in the grapple caused two-thirds of the recovered section to break off during recovery. This lost section is said to have held many of the most sought items, including the code book and nuclear missiles. It was subsequently reported two nuclear-tipped torpedoes and some cryptographic machines were recovered, along with the bodies of six Soviet submariners, who were given a formal, filmed burial at sea. 
The operation became public in February 1975 when the "Los Angeles Times" published a story about "Project Jennifer", followed by news stories with additional details in other publications, including "The New York Times". The CIA, wanting to neither confirm nor deny the story, issued the Glomar response, which set the precedent for subsequent boilerplate responses to Freedom of Information Act requests. The true name of the project was not publicly known to be Project Azorian until 2010.
"Red Star Rogue" (2005) by Kenneth Sewell makes the claim "Project Jennifer" recovered virtually all of "K-129" from the ocean floor. Sewell states, "espite an elaborate cover-up and the eventual claim that Project Jennifer had been a failure, most of "K-129" and the remains of the crew were, in fact, raised from the bottom of the Pacific and brought into the "Glomar Explorer"". A subsequent film and book by Michael White and Norman Polmar revealed testimony from on-site crewmen as well as B&W video of the actual recovery operation. These sources indicate that only the forward 38 feet of the submarine were recovered.
After Project Azorian.
Mothballing.
While the ship had an enormous lifting capacity, there was little interest in operating the vessel because of her high cost. From March to June 1976, the General Services Administration (GSA) published advertisements inviting businesses to submit proposals for leasing the ship. By the end of four months, GSA had received a total of seven bids, including a US$2 million offer submitted by a Lincoln, Nebraska college student, and a US$1.98 million offer from a man who said he planned to seek a government contract to salvage the nuclear reactors of two United States submarines. The Lockheed Missile and Space Company submitted a US$3 million, two-year lease proposal contingent upon the company's ability to secure financing. GSA had already extended the bid deadline twice to allow Lockheed to find financial backers for its project without success and the agency concluded there was no reason to believe this would change in the near future. 
Although the scientific community rallied to the defense of "Hughes Glomar Explorer", urging the president to maintain the ship as a national asset, no agency or department of the government wanted to assume the maintenance and operating cost. Subsequently, in September 1976, the GSA turned "Hughes Glomar Explorer" over to the Navy for mothballing, and in January 1977, after she was prepared for dry docking at a cost of more than two million dollars, the ship became part of the Navy's Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet.
Lease, sale and current status.
In September 1978, Ocean Minerals Company consortium of Mountain View, California announced it had leased "Hughes Glomar Explorer" and that in November would begin testing a prototype deepsea mining system in the Pacific Ocean. The consortium included subsidiaries of the Standard Oil Company of Indiana, Royal Dutch Shell, and Boskalis Westminster Group NV of the Netherlands. Another partner, and the prime contractor, was the Lockheed Missiles and Space Company.
In 1997, the ship was taken to Cascade General for modifications that converted her to a dynamically-positioned deep sea drilling ship, capable of drilling in waters of and, with some modification, up to , which is deeper than any other existing rig. The conversion cost over $180 million US and was completed during the first quarter of 1998.
The conversion of the vessel from 1996-1998 was the start of a 30-year lease from the U.S. Navy to Global Marine Drilling at a cost of a mere $1 million US per year. Global Marine merged with Santa Fe International Corporation in 2001 to become GlobalSantaFe Corporation, which merged with Transocean Inc. in November 2007 and operates the vessel as "GSF Explorer".
In 2010, Transocean acquired the vessel in return for a cash payment.
"GSF Explorer" is currently working off the East coast of India in the Bay of Bengal for ONGC.
The rig was reflagged from Houston, US to Port Vila, Vanuatu in the 3rd quarter of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20877483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877483" title="Bhaṭṭikāvya">
Bhaṭṭikāvya

, or "Bhatti's Poem", is a Sanskrit-language poem dating to the 7th century CE, in the formal genre of "great poem" (mahākāvya). It focuses on two deeply rooted Sanskrit traditions, the "Ramayana" and Panini's grammar, while incorporating numerous other traditions, in a rich mix of science and art, poetically retelling the adventures of Rama and a compendium of examples of grammar and rhetoric. As literature, it stands comparison with the best of Sanskrit poetry.
The ' also has ' ("The Death of ") as an alternative title. It is improbable that this was the original title as Ravana's death is only one short episode in the whole poem. It may have acquired this title to distinguish it from other works concerning themselves with the deeds of .
The poem is the earliest example of an "instructional poem" or "". That is not a treatise written in verse but an imaginative piece of literature which is also intended to be instructive in specific subjects. To modern tastes this creates an unpardonable artificiality in the composition. To the critics of late classical times in India technical virtuosity was much admired. Much of the 's popular success could also be ascribed to the fact that it must have been useful as a textbook.
The author.
The author, , describes himself at the end of the book:
Even this eulogy is unreliable since variant readings of the verse show that his patron may have been Śrī Dharasena. Either way, the composition of the poem is placed at about 600 CE.
The form of the poem.
In form the is a “great poem” (mahākāvya). It fits well within the definition of this genre given later by in his “Mirror of Poetry” the Kāvyādarśa:
It springs from a historical incident or is otherwise based on some fact; it turns upon the fruition of the fourfold ends and its hero is clever and noble;
By descriptions of cities, oceans, mountains, seasons and risings of the moon or the sun; through sportings in garden or water, and festivities of drinking and love;
Through sentiments-of-love-in-separation and through marriages, by descriptions of the birth-and-rise of princes, and likewise through state-counsel, embassy, advance, battle, and the hero’s triumph;
Embellished; not too condensed, and pervaded all through with poetic sentiments and emotions; with cantos none too lengthy and having agreeable metres and well-formed joints,
And in each case furnished with an ending in a different metre—such a poem possessing good figures-of-speech wins the people’s heart and endures longer than even a kalpa. Kāvyādarśa 1.15–19 trans. Belvalkar.
itihāsa-kath’’-ôdbhūtam, itarad vā sad-āśrayam, | , 
, | ; 
Kāvyādarśa 1.15–19
Its subject matter is the life of a single hero, both a member of the warrior caste and a god. Each canto has a uniform metre and there is one canto (canto 10) deploying a variety of metres. The end of each canto suggests the topic for the next. The main sentiment or rasa of the poem is “heroic”, (vīrya). The poem through its form and subject matter is conducive to the attainment of the four aims of human life (""): “righteousness” (dharma), “wealth and power,” (artha), “pleasure” (kāma) and “spiritual liberation” (). ’s Poem contains descriptions of cities, the ocean, mountains, seasons, the rising and setting of the sun and moon, and the sports of love and sex. Five such poems are traditionally enumerated in addition to which our work is sometimes named the sixth. The five are the (“Lineage of Raghu”) and the Kumārasambhava (“Birth of the war God KumAra/KartikEya/Muruga”) of Kālidāsa, the Śiśupālavadha (“Slaying of Śiśupāla”) of Māgha, Kirātārjunīya (“Arjuna and the Mountain Man”) of Bharavi and the (“Adventures of the Prince of Nishadha”) of . The multitude of manuscripts found in libraries demonstrates the popularity of the and the thirteen extant and eight further attested commentaries instantiate its importance to the tradition.
Purpose and content.
“’s Poem” has two purposes: it is both a poetic retelling of the adventures of Rāma and a compendium of examples of grammar and rhetoric for the student. As literature, cantos 1, 2 and 10 in particular stand comparison with the best of Sanskrit poetry and there are many fine passages in the other cantos. The provides a comprehensive exemplification of Sanskrit grammar in use and a good introduction to the science (śāstra) of poetics or rhetoric (, lit. ornament). It also gives a taster of the Prakrit language (a major component in every Sanskrit drama) in an easily accessible form. Finally it tells the compelling story of Prince Rāma in simple elegant Sanskrit: this is the faithfully retold.
The , 'Eight Books'.
The learned Indian curriculum in late classical times had at its heart a system of grammatical study and linguistic analysis. The core text for this study was the notoriously difficult “Eight Books” () of , the "sine qua non" of learning composed in the 8th century bce, and arguably the most remarkable and indeed foundational text in the history of linguistics. Not only is the a description of a language unmatched in totality for any language until the nineteenth century, but it is also presented in the most compact form possible through the use of an elaborate and sophisticated metalanguage, again unknown anywhere else in linguistics before modern times. This grammar of had been the object of intense study for the ten centuries prior to the composition of “’s Poem”. It was plainly ’s purpose to provide a study aid to ’s text by using the examples already provided in the existing grammatical commentaries in the context of the gripping and morally improving story of the . To the dry bones of this grammar has given juicy flesh in his poem. The same could be said for poetics, prosody and Prakrit. The intention of the author was to teach these advanced sciences through a relatively easy and pleasant medium. In his own words:
This composition is like a lamp to those whose those who perceive the meaning of words and like a hand mirror for a blind man to those without grammar.
This poem, which is to be understood by means of a commentary, is a joy to those sufficiently learned: through my fondness for the scholar I have here slighted the dullard. 
The traditional story given to account for the technical or shastric nature of the poem goes that ’s class on grammar was one day disturbed by an elephant ambling between him and his pupils. This bestial interruption necessitated an interdiction of study for a year as prescribed by the solemn law books. To ensure that no vital study time was lost our poem was composed as a means of teaching grammar without resorting to an actual grammatical text.
The Structure of the Text.
Grammar.
“Diverse Rules”.
In the first section of the poem, the “Diverse Rules”, where the intention appears to be the illustration of miscellaneous rules, it is not obvious how to determine which specific rule if any is intended to be exemplified in any particular verse. Hundreds of rules could in theory be applicable. The commentators assist somewhat where they cite those rules which they think to be worth quoting in that context. The other guide is the Sanskrit language itself: it is likely that the most unusual or aberrant forms would have been exemplified. The frequent coincidence of these two heuristic principles is also helpful. Where the word in the verse is also given as an example in the grammatical texts then we can be almost certain about the topic. 
It could be conjectured at this point that within this section of “Diverse Rules” those verses which were intended to illustrate the grammar would be those without figures of speech or at least with very simple figures. That supposition would be consistent with the lack of ornament in some sections of the poem and would also explain why there is such a marked distinction between ’s high style in canto 1 and much of 2 and his plainer style in much of the rest of the poem. It may be that “’s Poem” was first intended to be a typical courtly epic or “high kāvya” and that the idea of creating this new genre of educational poem or “śāstra-kāvya” evolved as the poem was being composed. This is supported by the progression in styles from highly ornate poetry in the first two cantos, through unadorned verse with no apparent systematic exemplification of grammar, the so-called “Diverse Rules Section” , to the second major section from near the end of canto 5 until the end of canto 9, the "Illustration of Particular Topics".
"The Illustration of Particular Topics".
The is the "Illustration of Particular Topics" in which the verses exemplify in sequence long series of rules from the “Eight Books”. Here again poetry is subjugated to the pedagogic purpose of exemplification: the metre is the humble ' or "śloka" and there are few figures of speech to decorate the tale. This change of metre from the longer 44 syllable "upajāti" for the first three cantos to the shorter and simpler 32 syllable ' for the next six may also be indicative of a gradually evolving intention.
How does “’s Poem” illustrate grammar?
From the end of canto 5 up to the end of canto 9 the verses exemplify in sequence long series of aphorisms (sūtras) from the of . These aphorisms are short coded rules, almost algebraic in form. As an example, consider ’s rule 6.1.77: ". This translates as “When followed by any vowel, the vowels "i, u, " and ' in any length are respectively replaced by the semivowels "y, v, r" and "l".” This is quite a mouthful of translation for five syllables of Sanskrit. How does do it? To start with, the three words of the rule in their uninflected form are ' and "ac" which are a type of acronym for their respective series of letters: the simple vowels '; the semivowels "y, v, r, l"; and all the vowels '. The cases are used to indicate the operation which is to take place: The genitive of "ik" indicates “In place of "ik"”; the locative of "ac" indicates “when "ac" follows” and ' in the nominative indicates “there should be a '” or “"" is the replacement”. gives metarules to explain the formation and use of these acronyms and the special uses of the cases within the rules. It is thus a rule for the simple sandhi which would occur for example between the words "iti" and "evam", smoothing the juncture between their vowels into "ity evam". This is but a tiny taster of the economy, intricacy, beauty and intellectual power of the , surely one of the greatest wonders and perhaps the supreme intellectual achievement of the ancient world. It is to the layman a treasure chest whose key is locked deep inside itself. However, the reader does not have to be familiar with this system to enjoy the . By using the references to the “Eight Books” given in the table above, the reader may refer to the rules as he reads and become familiar with them in advance of reading each verse. The examples used in “’s Poem” are not included in the actual aphorisms of the “Eight Books” themselves but are ones given by later commentators to facilitate discussion. The most widely used traditional examples are included in the two editions of the “Eight Books” cited in the bibliography below.
"The Illustration of Finite Verbs".
Each canto from 14 through to 22 illustrates a particular mood or tense. For details see the table above.
Relation to grammatical tradition ().
A detailed study of the examples given in the compared with those of the earlier “Great Commentary” of Patañjali and later works such as the “Kashi Commentary” Kāśikā and “Moonlight on the Tradition” Siddhāntakaumudī still needs to be done. It would be of particular interest to see to what extent examples of usage may have been introduced into the grammatical tradition by “’s Poem”. Might the poem itself then have become an authority on usage?
Poetics.
Canto 10: the figures of speech.
This section of the poem has been the most studied in modern times. It constitutes an important text in its own right in the history of Sanskrit poetics. That said, its importance lies in its raising far more questions than it answers. Chronologically it stands between the “Science of Theatre” as the earliest surviving text on Sanskrit poetics and the first great systematic treatments of the subject in the “Mirror of Poetry” Kāvyādarśa of (660–680 ce) and the “Ornament of Poetry” of Bhāmaha (700 ce). Tantalizingly, we have the examples only and not the explanations or contemporary commentaries. A major problem of Sanskrit poetics is the lack of agreement on any system of nomenclature for the figures. The figures are given names in some manuscripts of the but this is no proof that these were the names that knew. The fact that this naming of figures is quite different to that of the writers on poetics suggests that they might well pre-date them. If this is the case then in these we have the fragmentary residua of a missing link in the tradition of poetics. It is most likely that based his treatment of the figures of speech on a text now lost. Other questions about this canto present themselves. Why is there only one example of alliteration ("anuprāsa")? Was this figure not fully elaborated until ? Why do those verses said to exhibit the figure ‘illuminator’ "dīpaka" in the manuscripts show nothing of the sort according to later theorists? Given that many of the verses contain more than one figure, does this mean that they were not intended to be a systematic illustration of figures but rather a collection of verses showing diverse poetic traits? Since the order of the names given in the manuscripts corresponds to the order of figures treated by , did he base his work on this order or were the names applied retrospectively to “’s Poem” in an attempt to match it up to later systems? That “’s Poem” canto 10 is a major work on Sanskrit poetics is amply demonstrated by Söhnen in her examination of ‘doubling’ "yamaka" of 10.2–22 showing that the treatment of this figure in ’s “Mirror of Poetry” and Bhāmaha’s “Ornament of Poetry” is influenced by the .
Cantos 11 and 12: "" and "rasa".
Cantos 11 and 12 are held to display respectively the quality of “sweetness” "mādhurya" and the sentiment rasa of “intensity of expression” "bhāvikatva". The texts describing these qualities post-date so again we cannot be sure that he intended to illustrate what happens to be described by later authors.
Assuming that did intend to show these, their precise characteristics described in his source text would be best discovered from careful analysis of the language of his own work rather than from the pronouncements of later writers on poetics.
Simultaneous Prakrit and Sanskrit "": Canto 13.
Canto 13 is written in what is called “like the vernacular” ', that is, it can be read in two languages simultaneously: Prakrit and Sanskrit. The Prakrit used here is of course no real vernacular but a literary version almost as highly codified as Sanskrit. Because of this Prakrit’s similarity to Sanskrit it can be read in that elevated language by someone with no knowledge of Prakrit. With minor exceptions the vocabulary and grammar used are common to both languages. Where the grammar is not common the differences are disguised by sandhi. As many of the Prakrit terminations originate in Sanskrit forms generalised to their most common forms in sandhi, this is not impossible. As an example, the nominative singular of substantives in "-a" in Sanskrit is ' and in Prakrit it is "-o". In verse 13.2 we have three nominative singulars in -a: ', ' and '. In Prakrit they would be "bhimo", "raso" and "samo". Because the following words all begin with voiced consonants, in Sanskrit sandhi the ending ' is in all these cases changed to "-o", thus making the form indistinguishable from the Prakrit. Where the Sanskrit termination is undisguisably altered in Prakrit as for example with the instrumental plural ' which becomes "-hi", these terminations are concealed within compounds. It is for this reason that long compounds are so extensively used in this canto. The reader will also notice a lack of finite verb forms. It is more common for participle forms to be the same in the two languages. On occasion the commentators need a deal of learning and ingenuity to explain how forms are defensible in both languages. For instance in verse 13.3 the Sanskrit "sabhā" “hall” would normally become "sahā" in Prakrit by the rule ' “"h" is the replacement for "kh, gh, th, dh" and "bh",” ( 2.27). Mallinātha defends the retention of "sabhā" in Prakrit by saying that there is the continued operation (') of ' “generally” from an earlier rule. With the exception of verse 13.7 which is irregular and verses 13.26–28 which are in the "upajāti" metre, the entire canto is composed in the "āryāgīti" metre which is the older lyric metre most commonly used for Prakrit texts.
Morphology.
Cantos 14 through to the end at canto 22 are each written in a particular tense or mood. Given that this is a rather broad restriction it is surprising that does not indulge in more ornamentation in these verses. He does include many obscurer roots here but in other respects his language is simple and uncluttered.
Influence beyond India.
The influence of "’s Poem" has extended beyond the geographical bounds of the Indian subcontinent to Java where it became the source text for the Old Javanese which is the oldest surviving example of classical Javanese epic poetry (Kakawin). The Javanese follows “’s Poem” closely as far as canto 12, sometimes to the extent of directly translating a verse, but begins to diverge thereafter. It would seem that the form of “’s Poem” as a ‘great poem’ mahākāvya was important to the Javanese author as many of his additions make more complete the Old-Javanese ’s conformity to the genre as described by , indicating that his “Mirror of Poetry” or its precursor as followed by was also available to him. Moreover Hooykaas has also shown that the Old-Javanese uses ‘doubling’ "yamaka" under ’s influence.

</doc>
<doc id="20877485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877485" title="Organization of Military Museums of Canada">
Organization of Military Museums of Canada

The Organization of Military Museums of Canada is a national organization for the promotion of military museums in Canada.
The OMMC was established in 1967 by a group of military museums, historians, and military history enthusiasts. It has over 40 individual and 60 institutional members including Canadian Forces museums, Parks Canada sites federal, provincial and municipal museums. The OMMC is a registered, charitable, not for profit organization which was incorporated as the Organization of Military Museums of Canada in 1992. Ms. Marilyn Gurney is the President of OMMC Inc. The OMMC is located in Ottawa, Ontario Canada
The OMMC is an umbrella organization for Canadian museums whose major purpose is the preservation and display of military artifacts, as well as for all other interested institutions and individuals. The OMMC is a federally incorporated, not-for-profit institution.
Mission and Vision.
The OMMC mission is "to preserve the military heritage of Canada by encouraging the establishment and operation of military museums, to educate museum staff through lectures, discussions, workshops, visits, publications and exhibits, and to cooperate with other public and private bodies devoted to the same or similar purposes." The OMMC vision is "to foster and be part of a national co-operation in a common agenda to preserve and interpret the domestic military history of Canada, set in the wider context of Canadian and international society and human affairs."
Programs.
The OMMC is an association of peoples and organizations who operate military museums, promote the Military history of Canada, preserve and display military artifacts and militaria, and re-enact military operations.
The OMMC Inventory of Canadian Military Memorials in Canada was a millennium project to identify and record all Canadian military memorials in Canada.
The OMMC provides courses, meetings and other opportunities for members to explore common problems, provide instruction on new methods in museological practice and broaden the historical knowledge of museum staffs. The OMMC Studies Awards, for example, provide financial support to our members who participate in museology courses, training workshops and personnel development as a means of furthering their education and training. The OMMC newsletter is The Bulletin.
Partners.
The OMMC's partners include the Canadian Museums Association (CMA). Member organizations partner with local heritage organizations.
History.
The Organization of Military Museums of Canada was incorporated in 1992. The OMMC fosters public awareness and promotes the enjoyment of Canada’s military history. The “Bezeau Report”, the OMMC strategic plan was presented to the membership in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20877503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877503" title="Jalan Penyabong">
Jalan Penyabong

Jalan Penyabong or Jalan Haji Ariffin (Johor state route ) is a major road in Johor, Malaysia

</doc>
<doc id="20877527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877527" title="Toshiaki Kosedo">
Toshiaki Kosedo


</doc>
<doc id="20877529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877529" title="P-18 radar">
P-18 radar

The P-18 or 1RL131 Terek (also referred to by the NATO reporting name "Spoon Rest D" in the west) is a 2D VHF radar developed and operated by the former Soviet Union.
Development.
The P-18 early warning radar is a development of the earlier P-12 radar, the P-18 radar being accepted into service in 1970 following the successful completion of the radars test program. The P-18 was developed by the SKB Design Bureau, a division of State Plant No.197 named after V. I. Lenin who developed the previous P-12, the predecessor of the current Nizhniy Novgorod Research Institute of Radio Engineering (NNIIRT). In 1979 a new secondary IFF radar the 1L22 "Parol" entered into service to complement the P-18, unlike the previous secondary radar NRS-12 (NATO "Score Board") the new interrogator was carried on a separate truck.
The P-18 is still in service today and was widely exported, many companies offer upgrade options to improve the performance and reliability of the radar and to replace out-dated components. NNIIRT offers an upgrade package for the P-18 which includes the installation of a solid state transmitter and receiver, automatic jammer suppression equipment as well as PC based signal processing, test and interface equipment. These upgraded variants of the P-18 can be referred to as the P-18M, P-18-1 or P-18-2 depending on the manufacturer, modification and radar nationality. The P-18 was superseded by the 1L13 "Nebo" VHF surveillance radar in 1984. Currently, the Russian-Belarussian company Defense Systems provides upgrades for P-18 radars. Also Retia, a Czech civil and military electronics company, developed its own, fundamental modernisation of the P-18 under the name ReVEAL. It is now solid state, digitized and fitted with upgraded IFF system, while allowing to utilise also the legacy IFF. The whole equipment is repackaged into a standard container and already sold in several dozen units.
Description.
The P-18 shares many similarities with the earlier P-12NA and like the P-12 it is mounted on two Ural-4320 truck chassis. The P-18 features many improvements over the P-12 including increased performance, precision and reliability. The radar was developed to work independently or as part of a C3 system directing SAM and aircraft to hostile targets, the truck mounted design provided the radar with high mobility.
The P-18 uses a single antenna accomplishing both transmission and reception. The antenna is composed of sixteen Yagi antennas mounted in sets of eight with one set above the other. The radar antenna is mounted on the truck used to transport it improving mobility and the radar also features a mechanism which allows the antenna height and elevation to be altered during operation. Azimuth is scanned mechanically by the antenna with a rotation of 10 r.p.m, the original P-18 used three indicators, including two plan position indicators in addition to a back-up A-scope. Like the P-12 the radar features automatic frequency control with four pre-set operating frequencies, moving target indicator to eliminate passive clutter and active jamming, the radar could also display tracks from another radar it was paired with. The original P-18 used a coaxial cavity resonator transmitter, vacuum tube receiver with transistor based preamplifier and a vacuum tube/pin diode based duplexer. A secondary radar for IFF is generally used in conjunction with the P-18, either the NRS-12 or the later 1L22 "Parol".
Operators.
The P-18 was operated by the Soviet Union from 1970 and though it has since become obsolete it was passed down to successor states after the fall of the Soviet Union. The radar continues to serve in many client and third world states who received the P-18 from the Soviet Union by export. Many P-18 have been upgraded and continue to serve in the military and air traffic control role across the world.
Combat History.
The P-18 has served in several conflicts in the Middle East, Europe and Asia. One unusual feature of the P-18 is its counter-stealth capability. Since the radar uses metre-length wave VHF, the shaping features and radar absorbent materials used on stealth aircraft are less efficient, allowing VHF based radars to detect targets at a greater range than centimeter or millimeter wave radar which stealth aircraft are optimized against. The presence of a P-18 radar in Yugoslavia during the Kosovo War is believed to have contributed to the loss of an US F-117 Nighthawk during the conflict.

</doc>
<doc id="20877536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877536" title="Särskilda Inhämtningsgruppen">
Särskilda Inhämtningsgruppen

Särskilda Inhämtningsgruppen (Special Reconnaissance Group, SIG) was one of the two Swedish special operations units and was created in 2006, when it broke out of the Parachute Ranger School "Fallskärmsjägarskolan". The exact number of operatives were classified but is thought to have been between 50 and 70, with an average age of 30. SIG was deployed for clandestine surveillance and reconnaissance. The aim was to gather intelligence on activities, certain individuals, or anything of strategic importance. The difference between SIG and more regular ISTAR and reconnaissance units was that missions undertaken by SIG were more dangerous. Missions undertaken by SIG required its operators to covertly infiltrate and move inside hostile territory for long periods without detection.
The SSG and the SIG merged in 2011 as Särskilda operationsgruppen (Special Operations Group, SOG).

</doc>
<doc id="20877540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877540" title="Teruhisa Moriyama">
Teruhisa Moriyama

He was born in Hiroshima Prefecture.
In 1964 he was part of the Japanese team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all nine matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20877547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877547" title="Memorandums taken on a journey from Paris into the southern parts of France and Northern Italy, in the year 1787">
Memorandums taken on a journey from Paris into the southern parts of France and Northern Italy, in the year 1787

Memorandums taken on a journey from Paris into the southern parts of France and Northern Italy, in the year 1787, or Memoranda, is a text by Thomas Jefferson, written during a trip beginning February 28, 1787 from France to Italy.
Jefferson produced the work as a guide for two young American friends, Thomas Lee Shippen and John Rutledge, following a wine tour of Europe. It consists largely of an extensive discussion of the wine grown throughout southern France and northern Italy. Jefferson excerpted the material from his general travel journals.

</doc>
<doc id="20877552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877552" title="DB Class 628">
DB Class 628

The DB Class 628 is a twin-car, diesel multiple unit operated by the Deutsche Bahn AG for local passenger rail services.
Design.
"(The following description is primarily related to the Class 628.4, but is largely valid for the other variants as well)"
Each coach rests on two twin-axle bogies. Only the bogie at the close-coupled end of the coach is driven. Power transmission from the motor is achieved using a "Voith" hydrodynamic transmission system with a converter ("Wandler") and a T 311r coupling. Up to Class 628, a T 320 double-converter transmission was used. Motor and transmission are suspended elastically under the lightweight coach body. The operating brake is an automatic compressed air KE disc brake with automatic load braking and electronic anti-skid protection. In addition, for rapid braking, electromagnetic rail brakes are used; these can also be activated separately if required.
Coupled running enables up to four coupled pairs of coaches to be driven from one driver's cab. The control panel resembles that of the DB's standard driving consoles. Safety equipment includes the dead man's switch system, Sifa, which is mandatory in Germany, as well as PZB 90 based on the I60R (Class 628.4) or I60 with ER24 recording device (Class 628.2) and train radio.
Class 628 units have proved to be reliable and economical in practice. Now that newer vehicles have appeared, though, passengers on the 628s will miss a number of refinements, especially air-conditioning, but also modern passenger information systems and easier, more accessible, disabled-friendly doors, because immediately behind the doors (one double or single door in the center and one single door next to each driver's position) there are two steps in order to reach low platforms. On some 628s, new passenger information systems with automatic announcements and displays for the next stop have been installed and in many regions ticket machines have also been fitted, as had been planned in the design.
Over the years the vehicles have not been completely free of technical problems, but the list of deficiencies is very short. For example, the coolant has a tendency to overheat on hot days if the radiators are not thoroughly cleaned. When traction conditions are poor, the 628 may not reach the speeds required by the timetable due to its low adhesive weight. Because the vehicles by today's standards are quite underpowered, its use on hilly routes results in long journey times. On newer vehicles such as the Class 641, the Desiro (642), the Talent (643 and 644), the LINT (648) or the Regio-Shuttle (650), which have partly replaced the 628s, two power cars have been used and the higher resultant costs accepted.
History.
Class 628.0.
The development of the Class 628 began as far back as the early 1970s, when the Class 795 and 798 railbuses were reaching the end of their estimated useful life. The Bundesbahn's central office ("Bundesbahn-Zentralamt") in Munich, in cooperation with the Waggonfabrik Uerdingen, began with the concept of a Class 628 local, passenger, multiple-unit, that were to replace the railbuses, the accumulator railcars of Class 515. The new vehicles were also to be capable of being used on main lines, which required an increase in their top speed, stronger brake systems and greater comfort compared with the railbuses, but which were not to be more expensive to run than a railbus. In 1974, only 2 years later, Waggonfabrik Uerdingen and MaK demonstrated the prototypes of the two-unit Class 628.0 and also a single-coach variant, the Class 627, for use on routes with lower numbers of passengers. The vehicles were tested and proved themselves exceptionally well, even though the lack of the power from the engines was already apparent on occasions. Initially it did not go into production, because for political reasons local passenger rail services were just being reorganised and it was not yet clear, which and how many vehicles would be needed. So the Class 628 project stalled for almost four years.
Design and technical data.
Motor
The following diesel motors are used on the Class 628.0 diesel multiple units:
"MAN D 3256 BTXU"
"KHD V 12 L 413F"
Transmission
"Voith" T 320r transmission systems are installed in these railcars. Experimentally some vehicles were fitted with an H-brake.
Technical data for the transmission:
The reversing gear is combined with the fluid drive and serves to change the direction or running. Reversing can be achieved during idling and also when the motor is switched off, but only when the vehicle is static and the drive has been emptied. It is activated with compressed air.
Class 628.1/928.1.
Behind the scenes, engineers continued to develop the railcar apace. In 1981 they demonstrated the Class 628.1. The most important difference was that the second power car was dropped, because the remaining one was strong enough to move the coupled pair. The second unit could therefore be used as a driving car (designated the Class 928.1). Together with a few other changes, such as a simplified electrical system, the omission of one of the two toilets and one of the four entrances each side, and the installation of equipment to enable one-man operation, the new variant was even more economical. In addition there was a single-coach version again, the Class 627.1, of which 5 prototypes were procured. The new vehicles were tested for two years and, like their predecessors, proved to be outstanding, so that nothing stood in the way as the two-car version went into production. The single-unit variant did not, however, as it had only a few more seats than a bus and could not be deployed economically. Coach number 628 102 is unusual in being the only one of this small batch with a 1st class compartment.
Class 628.2/928.2.
Before it became widespread, however, a number of short-term requirements from the future production Class 628.2 units were integrated, including a 1st class open compartment, better ventilation and a dividing wall between the driver's cab and the passenger compartment. Externally the front and back were more angled, the triple headlamp was moved down and a train destination display added in order to improve the vehicle's appearance and to keep passengers better informed. In all, 150 of these units were procured between 1986 and 1989. At the Kiel locomotive depot ("Betriebswerk") several of these railcars were driver for a while at up to 140 km/h, but because this seriously increased wear and tear, these express duties were soon terminated again. The Class 628.2 with the DB's Regionalbahn in Schleswig-Holstein was given a redesign with new seats, new interior decor, wheelchair ramps etc. Several years before, a Karlsruhe 628.2 had also been given a fundamental modernisation of its interior.
Class 628.4/928.4.
The second series was able to benefit from the everyday experience that had been gained in using the railcars. In 1992 Düwag (formerly "Waggonbau Uerdingen") proposed the Class 628.4 railcar, which once again had technical improvements and other refinements. The power of the diesel engine was increased by about 20% by using "charge cooling". The lower window panes on the doors were omitted as they had occasionally been broken on its predecessors, the Class 628.2, by flying stones. In order to install a double door at the close-coupled end of the two coaches in the multiple, they were both extended in length by about 50 cm each. Between November 1992 and Januar 1996 a total of 309 railcars were built, of which several were delivered to other railway companies, including those in Luxembourg (see Operations) and Romania.
The first vehicles in the regions of Rhein-Ruhr and the Southwest were given a modernisation of the interior. The railcars were matched to the current DB interior design. The seats have blue cushions and arm rests made of beech wood, the walls are silvery, the luggage section completely white, the windows are equipped with emergency hammers. The colour of the entrance area is white, and in some cases larger bicycle sections were installed in the centre of the carriage. On some of the units, the doors were also fitted with sensors.
Class 628.9/629.
A special variant, based on the Class 628.4, was procured for duties on the hilly Alzey–Mainz railway. Five multiples were bought, both coaches in each pair being motorised. These trains were designated as Class 628.9/629, but apart from having two power cars were identical with the Class 628.4. Due to its higher maintenance and operating costs there is no likelihood of the 628.9/629s being procured for use on lines which are predominantly level. The 628.9/629s do not need double the fuel of a 628, because the two power cars have shorter periods under load.
A sixth set has been generated by motorising a driving coach. Two other 629s appeared in 2004 based on former 628.2s, that work with another 628.2 instead of a driving car.
Ulm Hauptbahnhof has meanwhile stabled 2 power packs, that now have running numbers 628/629 340 (629 340 ex 628 341) and 628/629 344 (629 344 ex 628 349). Since 8 August 2008 "Regio Südwest" also has a power pack 628 301/629 301 (629 301 ex 628 257), which should follow the other two.
Private railways.
Because in the early 1990s hardly any other railcars were available, several private railways also bought railcars of this type. In 1993/94 Eisenbahnen und Verkehrsbetriebe Elbe-Weser (EVB) took delivery of five 628.4/928.4 sets, in 1994 Frankfurt-Königsteiner Eisenbahn (FKE) bought one 628.4/928.4 and, in 1995, two 628.9/629s. In 1995 Westerwaldbahn GmbH took over the "Daadetalbahn" line with one DB 628.4/928.4 (628 677); it added a 628.4 from FKE in 2008.
Operations.
Class 628.0.
All the Class 628.0 prototype vehicles were finally homed at the depot ("Bahnbetriebswerk") in Kempten im Allgäu. From there they were deployed to all the lines in the Allgäu region until the end of 2002. From 2003 they reduced their radius of action to the "Ausserfernbahn", and in January 2005 the last vehicle of this class (628 008/018) was finally withdrawn. Several have already been scrapped, others sold to Poland, where they have been repainted and were placed in service again in the winter of 2005/2006 for the Koleje Mazowieckie.
Class 628.1.
The three multiples of the transitional class, 628.1 (628 / 928 101, 102 and 103), were all stabled at Kempten im Allgäu from the outset. From here they were used until 8 December 2007 in regular services on the "Ausserfernbahn" and on the "Illertalbahn". Until the timetable change in 2006 they also ran to other destinations in the Allgäu, e.g. on the line from Augsburg to Füssen.
At their last general inspection in 2001/2002 the vehicles underwent a number of modifications in order to standardise them with the sub-class 628.2. In early 2008 all 628.1s were withdrawn and, in that year, they were transferred to Hamm.
Class 628.2/.4.
Multiple units of sub-classes 628.2 and .4 are used across virtually the whole of Germany, on main lines as well as branch lines.
Currently multiples comprising two, coupled, Class 628 power cars work the Worms–Bingen Stadt railway as well as lines in the area around Ulm and which are thus different from the 628.9/629 compositions on the Alzey–Mainz railway. In particular they can be told by the lack of a 1st class compartment and the two toilets in the centre of the train. There are also no folding seats as found in the driving cars or in the 629.
The Luxembourg State Railways, CFL, owns two 628.4/928.4, which are numbered as per the DB system (628 505-0/928 505-7 und 628 506-8/928 506-5). These are identical with their counterparts in the DB apart from the company logo at the front: initially painted in peppermint green and white, but since 2001 in red livery. They ply between Trier and Luxembourg (as do German 628s; on this route mostly in double traction together) as well as providing passenger services within Luxembourg itself.
Services.
Class 628.2 and 628.4 are used on the following services in the different regions (2012):
Schleswig-Holstein.
With Deutsche Bahn, just 628 685 is left here and is used on Flensburg–Eckernförde and Kiel–Neumünster services.

</doc>
<doc id="20877570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877570" title="Yasutaka Sato">
Yasutaka Sato

In 1964 he was part of the Japanese team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all nine matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20877574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877574" title="Cam Burgess">
Cam Burgess

Albert 'Cam' Burgess (born 21 September 1919, Birkenhead; died September 1978) was an English footballer who played as a forward. He played in The Football League for four clubs.
Playing career.
Burgess began playing with non-league side Bromborough before joining Bolton Wanderers in February 1938, with his Football League First Division debut finally arriving against Brentford in May 1947. In October 1948 he moved to Chester, where he scored 64 league goals over the next three years to currently place him as the club's sixth highest Football League goalscorer.
Burgess was top scorer in two successive seasons with Crystal Palace before finishing his league career at York City. He then returned to non-league football with Runcorn and lived in Birkenhead until he died in September 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20877578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877578" title="John Giordano (conductor)">
John Giordano (conductor)

John Read Giordano (born December 31, 1937) is an American orchestra conductor, professor of music, composer, and former concert saxophonist. He is Associate Professor of Music at Texas Christian University. He is Music Director Emeritus of the Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra where he served as Music Director and Conductor for 27 years, Founder of the Fort Worth Chamber Orchestra, Jury Chairman of the Van Cliburn International Piano Competition since 1973, Music Director Emeritus of the Youth Orchestra of Greater Fort Worth, Founder and Director of the Colorado College Summer Music Festival and Conservatory, Director of Chamber Music for the Bowdoin Summer Music Festival, International Guest Conductor, published composer and arranger with an extensive award winning discography.
Education.
Giordano holds the following diplomas:
Giordano also studied at the University of California and the Eastman School of Music. While studying at the Brussels Conservatory, he studied saxophone with Francois Daneels, who was recognized as one of Europe's leading saxophone virtuosos.
Saxophonist.
Giordano is known well as a symphony conductor. But he also had a distinguished career as a saxophonist. Early in his career, one of his notable performances was in London with the BBC Symphony Chamber Orchestra performing Jacques Ibert's "Concertino da Camera" under the direction of Francis Chagrin on May 12, 1971. In December 1971, Giordano toured France and Belgium, performing concert saxophone on Flemish and French radio and television and in the cities of Tubize, Dinant, Brussels, Enghien, Antwerp, Paris, Givet, and Marcinelle.
Family.
John Giordano is married to Mary Alice Giordano ("nee" Damnann). They have three children:

</doc>
<doc id="20877601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877601" title="Eyvind Skeie">
Eyvind Skeie

Eyvind Skeie (born 5 November 1947) is a Norwegian priest and author.
Skeie is a trained theologian from the MF Norwegian School of Theology and was ordained in 1974. He was chaplain in Tromsø from 1975 to 1980, then worked for Oslo City Mission from 1980 to 1985, and was chaplain in Oslo Cathedral from 1984 to 1985. He has since worked as a writer, hymn writer and lecturer.
Eyvind Skeie has written several children programs for TV, among others "Portveien 2", "Sesam Stasjon", textbooks, poetry books and stories for children and adults. He has registered about 1,500 songs and hymns in TONO, the Norwegian copyright organization, and has also been in the board of different the copyright organizations. In 2007 Skeie published "316 salmer og sanger", a book with his own hymns. His most famous song is "En stjerne skinner i natt", ('A Star is Shining Tonight'), co-written with Tore W. Aas. The song has beens recorded by, among others, Oslo Gospel Choir and Swedish singer Carola Häggkvist. Together with Sigvald Tveit, Skeie wrote "Visst skal våren komme" ('Surely Spring Will Come'). The song "Tenn lys" ('Ignite', music by Sigvald Tveit) have found its way from the TV series Portveien 2 and into the Norwegian hymn book. In 2007 Eyvind Skeie, together with graphic artist and painter Terje Grøstad and graphic designer Klaus Erik Krogh, published "Vann av klippen" ('Water From the Rock'), an illustrated text collection of some 400 prayers and meditations by Skeie.
Eyvind Skeie has also had international engagements, particularly related to religion. In a period he had close contact with communities in Azerbaijan and participated in an archaeological excavation. He also traveled with researcher Thor Heyerdahl on his travel from Baku to Tbilisi in the hunt for Odin. Through his wife's sister, Skeie is a brother-in-law of former Prime Minister Kjell Magne Bondevik. The King of Norway honored Eyvind Skeie as Commander of the Order of St. Olav in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20877604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877604" title="Black Black Heart">
Black Black Heart

"Black Black Heart" is a single by David Usher from the 2001 album "Morning Orbit". The female vocal is provided by Kim Bingham, while the chorus samples The Flower Duet as a hook. "Black Black Heart" won two MuchMusic Video Awards for Best Post-Production and Best Pop Video in 2002.
The song contains a sample from "The Flower Duet" ("Sous le dôme épais"), a famous duet for sopranos from Léo Delibes' opera "Lakmé".
The song was written by David Usher and Jeff Pearce.
Rene Liu recorded a Chinese version but only with the lyrics changed and became a huge success. Usher and Pearce were credited for the song.

</doc>
<doc id="20877608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877608" title="Women &amp; Songs 2">
Women &amp; Songs 2

"Women & Songs 2" is the second album in the "Women & Songs" franchise.
Overview.
The album was released on December 8, 1998 and marks the series' beginning of chart domination, featuring 19 tracks and reaching #2 on the Top Canadian Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20877616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877616" title="Philip Andrews">
Philip Andrews

Philip Walter Sawford Andrews (1914 – 1971) was an industrial economist. He spent most of his career at Oxford University (he was a fellow of Nuffield College) and finished his career as Foundation Professor of Economics at the University of Lancaster. He made his name with his detailed case study investigations of business behaviour and analysis of firms within oligopolistic markets.
Devine summarises Andrews views as follows. That he rejected the concept of individual firm equilibrium in favour of what he describes as the 'steady state' in the industry. That at the heart of Andrew's story is his argument that manufacturing industry tend to be both oligopolistic and rather competitive in the long run. Also that actual or potential entry sets a limit to the price in each industry. Price is arrived at by adding a 'costing margin' to estimated average direct cost with this margin being calculated on the basis of estimates of 'normal' output and the profit-that can be obtained without long run loss of custom due to competition. If there is an 'equilibrium', about which doubts are raised, it is the equilibrium price in the industry price rather than an equilibrium for an individual firm's output at a level where marginal cost equals marginal revenue. The share of the market share of each firm will depend on dynamic factors that determine the amount that the firm is able to sell at the going industry price. Thus, although large firms are thought likely in fact to be multiproduct each industry is analysable independently of the number of other industries in which a firm is active. 
Rather than viewing Andrews as having denied profit maximisation Devine suggests that one should view his work as having raised 'the possibility that our existing method of theorizing may give wrong clues as to how profits maybe maximised.' For Devine the main thrust Andrew's argument is directed against 'the influence of atomistic methodology, which it is easy to argue from but difficult to argue to'. This is the methodology that, from Andrews's point of view, misleadingly focuses attention upon the equilibrium position of the firm. In the long run, Andrews argued, it is 'possible to question the analytical independence of cost and demand functions, which marginal equilibrium theorists take for granted and which, indeed, is essential for the formal validity of their work'. 
Post-Keynesian economists draw on his work.

</doc>
<doc id="20877619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877619" title="Sadatoshi Sugawara">
Sadatoshi Sugawara

He was born in Noshiro.
In 1964 he was part of the Japanese team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all nine matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20877622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877622" title="Iminodiacetic acid">
Iminodiacetic acid

Iminodiacetic acid, HN(CH2CO2H)2, often abbreviated to IDA, is a dicarboxylic acid amine (note that the nitrogen atom forms a secondary amino group, not an imino group as the name suggests). The iminodiacetate anion can act as a tridentate ligand to form a metal complex with two, fused, five membered chelate rings. The proton on the nitrogen atom can be replaced by a carbon atom of a polymer to create an ion-exchange resin, such as chelex 100.
IDA forms stronger complexes than the bidentate ligand glycine and weaker complexes than the tetradentate ligand nitrilotriacetic acid.
By capillary electrophoresis IDA is typically used for modulating peptide mobility.

</doc>
<doc id="20877641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877641" title="SM-65F Atlas">
SM-65F Atlas

The SM-65F Atlas, or Atlas-F, was the final operational variant of the Atlas missile. It first flew on 8 August 1961, and was deployed as an operational ICBM between 1961 and 1966. Following retirement as an ICBM, the Atlas-F, along with the Atlas-E, was refurbished for orbital launches as the Atlas E/F. The last Atlas E/F launch to use a rocket which had originally been built as an Atlas-F was conducted on 23 June 1981.
The first two Atlas F flights from Cape Canaveral in August and November 1961 were successful and two more in December partially successful. So far, the Atlas F test program had gone quite well and nobody was prepared for the upcoming disaster on April 9, 1962 when Missile 11F exploded only one second after liftoff from LC-11. Subsequent investigation revealed that the Atlas had suffered a catastrophic failure of the LOX turbopump. Testing now began at Vandenberg AFB and Missile 15F flew successfully on August 1. Atlas 57F on the 10th was another loss, this time due to a guidance failure at T+57 seconds that necessitated destruction of the vehicle by Range Safety. The next test launch took place from the now-repaired LC-11 at the Cape two days later and all subsequent R&D flights went without a hitch except for 13F in November which suffered premature engine shutdown due to overheating. After the flight of Atlas 21F in December, the vehicle was declared operational.
Operational tests of the Atlas F were mostly successful, but two flights from Vandenberg (Atlas 45F in October 1963 and Atlas 3F in April 1964) suffered stuck engine valves and fell back onto the pad at liftoff. In 1965, the Atlas was retired from service as an ICBM and remaining missiles used for suborbital and orbital launches over the next few decades. The last flight of an original Atlas F was in 1985 and there were two failures during the 20 years as a satellite launcher. One was an attempted launch of an unknown military test payload in April 1975 (a glob of LOX/kerosene gel fell into the flame pit at ignition and damaged the Atlas's main engines, causing it to gradually fail during ascent) and the other was a botched weather satellite launch in May 1980 (a fuel leak caused the Atlas's engines to underperform and burn too long, but the satellite kick motor was unaware of this and fired while still attached to the booster, ending up in a useless orbit).
Atlas-F launches were conducted from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, at Launch Complexes 11 and 13, and Vandenberg Air Force Base at OSTF-2, LC-576 and SLC-3.

</doc>
<doc id="20877649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877649" title="Benjamin Fry">
Benjamin Fry

Benjamin Fry (born 1975) is an American expert in data visualization. He is a principal of Fathom (a design and software consultancy in Boston, MA). He is also a co-developer of Processing, an open source programming language and integrated development environment (IDE) built for the electronic arts and visual design communities with the purpose of teaching the basics of computer programming in a visual context. The Processing design environment developed together with Casey Reas won a Golden Nica from the Prix Ars Electronica in 2005.
Fry received his Ph.D. (in "Computational Information Design") from the Aesthetics and Computation Group at the MIT Media Lab, under the direction of John Maeda. During 2006-2007, Ben Fry was the Nierenberg Chair of Design for the Carnegie Mellon School of Design.
His other interests include visualization of genetic data. His personal work in this area was featured at the Cooper-Hewitt Museum National Design Triennial in 2003.
Fry's artwork has been featured in the 2006 Cooper-Hewitt Design Triennial, the Whitney Biennial in 2002, Museum of Modern Art in New York (2001, 2008), at Ars Electronica in Linz, Austria (2000, 2002, 2005) and in the films "Minority Report" and "The Hulk". He is the winner of the 2011 National Design Award in category "Interaction Design"

</doc>
<doc id="20877652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877652" title="Roberto Suárez Goméz">
Roberto Suárez Goméz

Roberto Suárez Gómez, nicknamed "king of cocaine" (1932 – July 20, 2000) was a Bolivian drug trafficker who played a major role in the expansion of cocaine trafficking in Bolivia. He was descendent of the Suárez brothers "rubber barons", who had been responsible for the extermination of the Caripuña people on the Madeira River in Bolivia (Tully, p. 404).
In the mid-1970s he began to conduct business with the Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar and after that he started to recruit Bolivian coca producers into his company "La Corporación" (the Corporation).
He financed the military coup that installed a dictatorship in 1980, in which Luis García Meza would be president and Suarez's cousin Luis Arce Gómez was Minister of the Interior, and so he received political protection for his enterprise. Arce Gómez ordered the killings of many Bolivians, including union leaders and intellectuals such as Marcelo Quiroga Santa Cruz. According to some sources, the CIA knew about the coup in advance (Straitfeild).
In a letter to Ronald Reagan in 1983 he offered to pay Bolivia's foreign debt of more than $3 billion if he and his son got amnesty.
He was also under protection of the DEA through most of the eighties until his activities were too notorious. In 1988 he was arrested and sentenced to 15 years in the San Pedro prison for drug crimes, but he was released in 1996 during the government of Sánchez de Lozada. Four years later he died of a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="20877668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877668" title="Yūzo Nakamura">
Yūzo Nakamura

In 1964 he was a squad member of the Japanese team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. Eight years later he won the gold medal with the Japanese team in the 1972 Olympic tournament. He played five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20877669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877669" title="Ted Whitfield">
Ted Whitfield

Edward Carlyle "Ted" Whitfield (13 June 1916 – 1993) was an Australian rules footballer, playing with South Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Born in North Melbourne, Whitfield was recruited by South Melbourne from Victorian Football Association (VFA) side Coburg Football Club and made his VFL debut in Round 12, 1939 against Carlton at Lake Oval, South Melbourne's home ground.
A wingman, Whitfield was considered a live wire, both on the ground and off, who appeared "to march to a different drum." Part of his match preparation was to drink six beers every Saturday morning before a game, followed by another at half-time, a habit he had been following since he was sixteen and as it had served him well thus far, Whitfield was in no mood to change it.
Whitfield was also in the habit of wearing his football gear under his street clothes to the ground to save time getting changed before the game, although one time when he was particularly late he explained to the coach he had been entertaining a lady friend and had let time slip away. He was forced to change in the back of a taxi on the way to the ground but claimed that the lady friend was able to greatly assist him as she had plenty of experience removing his clothes in the back seat of a car.
Whitfield enlisted in the Australian Army on 28 August 1941, gaining the rank of Gunner and serving with 115 Australian General Hospital until his discharge from the services on 19 June 1942. This led to his absence from VFL football for the best part of three seasons, until his return to South Melbourne in 1944.
Never one to shy away from a fight, Whitfield was reported a number of times throughout his career, including in three separate matches in 1945. However, Whitfield was one of South Melbourne's leading players in 1945 and was a key reason for South Melbourne's dominance of the competition throughout the season.
In the 1945 VFL Grand Final, a spiteful match known as "The Bloodbath", Whitfield was reported for attempting to strike field umpire Frank Spokes, using abusive language and for kicking the ball away after a free kick was given against him. When the umpire attempted to report Whitfield, he pulled his jumper over his head and ran down the other end of the field to stop the umpire taking his number, later claiming he thought he had heard the final siren and was running off to swap guernseys with his opponent.
Whitfield, who declined to attend the tribunal hearing because he had already bought a ticket to a Cabaret Ball held the same night, was suspended for twelve months plus two games and then informed by South Melbourne that not only was he no longer required as a player, but he was barred from the Lake Oval as a spectator; Whitfield was eventually welcomed back to South Melbourne, becoming a member of the Past Players' Association in the 1960s.
With his VFL career finished after 54 games and 11 goals, Whitfield played and coached in country Victoria, including a stint with Ararat from 1949 to 1951, playing 54 games, winning the club Best and Fairest in 1949 and being the competition Leading Goalkicker in 1951. He was later named in Ararat's "Team of the Century". Whitfield then captain-coached Yarram in the Alberton Football League, leading Yarram to a premiership in 1954. Whitfield's playing days were ended in 1958 when he ruptured a spleen.

</doc>
<doc id="20877688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877688" title="Brock Boyle">
Brock Boyle

Brock Boyle (born June 14, 1982 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian lacrosse player who plays for the Edmonton Rush in the National Lacrosse League. He has also played for the Minnesota Swarm, Rochester Knighthawks, Chicago Shamrox, and Albany Attack during his career.

</doc>
<doc id="20877693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877693" title="Gunther Schepens">
Gunther Schepens

Gunther Schepens (born 4 May 1973) is a retired Belgian football player. At this moment, he is the technical coördinator of the youth teams of the football team KAA Gent. He is also co-responsible for the scouting of new players.
Career.
Schepens began his career 1981 in the youth of the local team Eendracht Massemen. 1985 the Young central player was transferred to KAA Gent, where he had to wait until 1991 before he could make his debut in the first team. In his second year in the team of the “Buffalos” he started to play regularly. A year later he was transferred during winter to Standard Liège.
In 1994–95, he almost became champion with Standard Liège. The team ended on the second spot, behind RSC Anderlecht. Schepens was in that period one of the key players of Standard, together with Marc Wilmots, Gilbert Bodart, Régis Genaux, Philippe Léonard and Michaël Goossens. 1997 he left the team and went during summer to the German team Karlsruher SC. In his first season, he became a key player in the team, but one year later he didn’t get many chances anymore in the team. This was why, 1999 he decided to return to Belgium.
Over there, he started to work in the team where it all began for him, KAA Gent. In his second period in Gent, the team grew to its top-level as a real subtop-team. The team got some strong players, such as keeper and team icon Frédéric Herpoel and striker Alexandros Kaklamanos. 2003 Schepens changed Gent for the Austrian team SW Bregenz.
He played two more years in Bregenz, after which he stopped definitively in the highest series due to a knee injury. Three years after his last game he started to play again in the team of Eendracht Massemen. He also plays in the futsal team De Woody's, of which the trainer is the Belgian writer and columnist Herman Brusselmans. Just like Brusselmans, Schepens sometimes is the analyst in the football program Studio 1 op zondag on the public broadcast company.
In the summer of 2010, he analysed a big deal of the games of the World Championship football in South-Africa on the Belgian television channel Canvas. He is well-known on the Flemish television because of this humoristic remarks and enlarged football knowledge.
Schepens was a thirteen-time international for the Belgian national team Rode Duivels.
Palmares.
Schepens played 13 times in the national team of Belgium

</doc>
<doc id="20877695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877695" title="Man Must Die">
Man Must Die

Man Must Die is a Scottish technical death metal band from Glasgow, formed in 2002.
History.
Man Must Die was formed in May 2002, with John Lee, Alan McFarland, Danny McNab and Joe McGlynn. The band members were known throughout the Scottish metal scene through other bands such as Regorge, Confusion Corporation, Co-Exist and Godplayer. They released a four-track demo, "The Season Of Evil", in 2003 which attracted label Retribute Records who released their debut album "...Start Killing", in 2004. They released their second studio album through Relapse Records, titled "The Human Condition". In 2007, Man Must Die parted ways with John Lee who was replaced by Matt Holland, the former drummer of Inversus, Zillah, Sons Of Slaughter and Madman Is Absolute. And in 2012, Matt Holland was replaced by Australian drummer Todd Hansen, of Canadian band Amplitusion, Australian bands Headkase, Rome, F.U.C., and formerly of The Berzerker.
In 2009 Man Must Die released their third studio album, entitled "No Tolerance For Imperfection" through Relapse Records. They toured extensively supporting the likes of Machine Head, Hatebreed, Decapitated, Dying Fetus, Suffocation, Cephalic Carnage, Kataklysm, The Rotted and Exodus.
Their 4th Studio Album Peace Was Never an Option was released on 11th November 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20877698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877698" title="Harold Hurley">
Harold Hurley

Harold Head "Boat" Hurley (born November 16, 1930) is a Canadian ice hockey goaltender who competed in the 1960 Winter Olympics.
He was born in Stratford, Ontario.
Hurley won the silver medal at the 1960 Winter Olympics in ice hockey.
He played for Kitchener-Waterloo Dutchmen, Buffalo Bisons, Guelph Regals, Oakville Oaks. Hurley played 1 match in the American Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20877699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877699" title="Germania Kattowitz">
Germania Kattowitz

Germania Kattowitz was an ethnically German association football club playing in what was Kattowitz, Upper Silesia in Germany (now Katowice, Poland) before the First World War and shortly afterwards. It was one of a small number of clubs that made up the Kattowitzer Ballspiel-Verband alongside "Preussen Kattowitz" and "Diana Kattowitz". With "FC 1903 Ratibor", these clubs formed the Upper Silesian division (Bezirk Oberschlesien) of the Southeast German Football Federation in 1906.
In 1908, "Germania" was the largest of the three Kattowitz clubs with 90 members. The team finished as vice-champions that year, while the reserve sides captured the 2nd and 3rd class titles. "Germania" twice won the Oberschlesien title and subsequently took part in the opening rounds of the German national championship playoffs where they were quickly eliminated. 
The last known record of the club is a third place result in the Südkreis Kattowitz in the 1921–22 season. It is believed "Germania" disappeared soon after Upper Silesia became part of Poland in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="20877708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877708" title="Tokihiko Higuchi">
Tokihiko Higuchi

In 1964 he was a squad member of the Japanese team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20877709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877709" title="Deir ez-Zor Camps">
Deir ez-Zor Camps

The Deir ez-Zor camps were concentration camps in the heart of the Syrian desert where many thousands of Armenian refugees were forced into death marches during the Armenian Genocide. The US vice-consul in Aleppo, Jesse B. Jackson, estimated that Armenian refugees, as far east as Deir ez-Zor and south of Damascus, numbered 150,000, all of whom were virtually destitute.
History.
Those Armenians who survived during the genocide in 1915-1916 were driven onwards in two directions – either towards Damascus, or along the Euphrates to Deir ez-Zor. During the early period of massacres 30,000 Armenians were encamped in various camps outside the town of Deir ez-Zor under the protection of the Arab governor Ali Suad Bey, for what the Ottoman authorities decided to replace him by Zeki Bey, who was known for his cruelty and barbarity. When the refugees, including women and children, reached Deir ez-Zor, they cooked grass, ate dead birds, and although there was a cave near the Deir ez-Zor for prisoners to store until they starved, no "camp" seems ever to have been planned for the Armenians.
According to Minority Rights Group,
"Those who survived the long journey south were herded into huge open-air concentration camps, the grimmest of which was Deir-ez-Zor... where they were starved and killed by sadistic guards. A small number escaped through the secret protection of friendly Arabs from villages in Northern Syria".
According to Christopher J. Walker, "'Deportation' was just a euphemism for mass murder. No provision was made for their journey or exile, and unless they could bribe their guards, they were forbidden in almost all cases food and water." Those who survived landed up between Jerablus and Deir ez-Zor, "a vast and horrific open-air concentration camp".
Memory.
In the village of "Margadeh" (88 km from Deir ez-Zor), there is an Armenian chapel dedicated to those massacred here during the genocide, that "houses some of the bones of the dead". Lebanese and Syrians make pilgrimages to this memorial organized by the Apostolic Church of Aleppo.
On October 20, 2008 Australian Federal Shadow Minister for Finance, Competition Policy and Deregulation and member of the Australian House of Representatives Hon. Joe Hockey marked,
Over the next 1915 three years, the Turkish government ordered the deportation of the remaining Armenian people in the Ottoman Empire to concentration camps in the desert between Jerablus and Deir ez-Zor. They were marched through the country on foot in a hard and cruel journey. Women and children were forced to walk over mountains and through deserts. These people were frequently stripped naked and abused. They were given insufficient food and water, and hundreds of thousands of Armenian people died along the way.
Nouritza Matossian wrote for "Armenian Voice",
Last month I visited the desert of Deir-ez-Zor in the killing fields, caves and rivers where a million Armenians perished. I was shown a piece of land that keeps subsiding. It is called the Place of the Armenians. So many thousands of bodies were buried there that the ground has been sinking for the last 80 years. Human thigh bones and ribs come to the surface.
"For Armenians, Der Zor has come to have a meaning approximate to Auschwitz", wrote Peter Balakian in New York Times. "Each, in different ways, an epicenter of death and a systematic process of mass-killing; each a symbolic place, an epigrammatic name on a dark map. Der Zor is a term that sticks with you, or sticks on you, like a burr or thorn: “r” “z” “or” — hard, sawing, knifelike".

</doc>
<doc id="20877724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877724" title="The Man Who Sleeps">
The Man Who Sleeps

The Man Who Sleeps ( is a 1974 French drama film directed by Bernard Queysanne and Georges Perec, based on Perec's 1967 novel "A Man Asleep". It uses a second-person narrative. The story deals with a young student (Jacques Speisser) and his alienation as he wanders the streets of Paris. His inner musings are narrated in the form of an unwritten diary by Ludmila Mikael. The protagonist remains silent throughout the film. The film won the Prix Jean Vigo in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20877746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877746" title="Gert Claessens">
Gert Claessens

Gert Claessens (born 21 February 1972 in Tongeren) is a retired Belgian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20877754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877754" title="Faouzi Benzarti">
Faouzi Benzarti

Faouzi Benzarti (فوزي البنزرتي), (born January 3, 1950 in Monastir), is a Tunisian former footballer and current coach. He is also the brother of manager Lotfi Benzarti.
After his involvement with Étoile Sportive du Sahel in 2006, Benzarti transferred to Espérance Sportive de Tunis in June 2007, but left soon after to manage the national team of Libya. His contract ended with Libya in 2009 and he joined the Tunisian national football team several months later. He also coached the Tunisia in the 2010 African Cup of Nations in Angola. 
On 17 May 2011, Benzarti signed a two-year contract with Club Africain after one week the club sacked former coach Kais Yacoubi. Accepting of the contract offered, he became a manager of the Club Africain for third times in his career. 
On 26 March 2012, Faouzi Benzarti replaces Bernd Krauss as Etoile coach, The Tunisian journeyman coach went back to Sousse for a fourth time in his trophy filled career as German Bernd Krauss returns to his post of youth technical director. He is now coach of Raja Athletic of Casablanca. 

</doc>
<doc id="20877765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877765" title="Track gauge in North America">
Track gauge in North America

The vast majority of North American railroads are standard gauge (). Exceptions include some streetcar, subway and rapid transit systems and some narrow gauge lines particularly in the west, e.g. the isolated White Pass and Yukon Route system, and the former Newfoundland Railway. 
As well as the usual reasons for having one gauge i.e. being able to operate through trains without transfer arrangements, the North American continent-wide system of freight car interchange with rolling stock having the same standard gauge, couplings, and air brakes meant that individual companies could minimise their rolling stock requirements by borrowing from other companies. Peak demand periods varied over the continent, with seasonal requirements e.g. for grain shipments occurring at different times in different areas so that freight cars could be redistributed to cover peaks as required.
Canada.
In 1851 the broad gauge, called the Provincial Gauge or Indian gauge, was universally adopted as the standard gauge for the Province of Canada. However in the 1870s, most Canadian railroads (apart from some narrow gauge lines, e.g. on the island of Newfoundland) were changed to standard gauge to facilitate interchange with U.S. railroads. 
Canadian railroads originally built as broad gauge included the Grand Trunk Railway which was changed to standard gauge by 1873. Other broad gauge lines were the St. Lawrence and Atlantic Railroad and the Champlain and St. Lawrence Railroad until 1873, and the Intercolonial Railway of Canada until 1875.
The Toronto subway uses an overgauge of .
Guatemala.
The narrow gauge railroad system of Guatemala no longer operates, see Rail transport in Guatemala.
Mexico.
Mexico currently uses standard gauge. "See" Rail transport in Mexico
Panama.
The Panama Railroad was originally (Russian gauge) as in much of the Southern United States. This gauge was changed to when it was rebuilt in 2000, see Rail transport in Panama.
United States.
In 1886, the southern railroads agreed to coordinate changing gauge on all their tracks. After considerable debate and planning, most of the southern rail network was converted from gauge to gauge, then the standard of the Pennsylvania Railroad, over two remarkable days beginning on Monday, May 31, 1886. Over a period of 36 hours, tens of thousands of workers pulled the spikes from the west rail of all the broad gauge lines in the South, moved them east and spiked them back in place. The new gauge was close enough that standard gauge equipment could run on it without problem. By June 1886, all major railroads in North America were using approximately the same gauge. The final conversion to true standard gauge took place gradually as track was maintained. Now, the only broad-gauge rail systems in the United States are some city transit systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20877767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877767" title="Takeshi Tokutomi">
Takeshi Tokutomi

In 1964 he was a squad member of the Japanese team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20877777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877777" title="Jo Paul Ancheri">
Jo Paul Ancheri

Jo Paul Ancheri (born 2 August 1975) is a leading Indian football player and was the former Indian Football team Captain. He was named the AIFF Player of the Year by the All India Football Federation in 1994 and 2001.
Career.
Ancheri started his professional career in 1992 by playing for SBT. He went on to play for many leading football clubs including Mohun Bagan, JCT Football Club, FC Cochin, and East Bengal. He is a versatile player who can play in any position including defender, defensive midfielder, midfielder, and striker.

</doc>
<doc id="20877782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877782" title="Dacorum Council election, 2003">
Dacorum Council election, 2003

Elections to Dacorum Borough Council in Hertfordshire, England were held on 1 May 2003. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control after previously relying on the mayor's casting vote for control. Overall turnout was 32.87%.

</doc>
<doc id="20877786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877786" title="Digiryzm Mutation">
Digiryzm Mutation

Digiryzm Mutation is the second album released by the Japanese pop rock trio Iceman on May 21, 1998. 

</doc>
<doc id="20877791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877791" title="Design By Numbers">
Design By Numbers

Design By Numbers (or DBN) was an influential experiment in teaching programming initiated at the MIT Media Lab during the 1990s. Led by John Maeda and his students they created software aimed at allowing designers, artists and other non-programmers to easily start computer programming. The software itself could be run in a browser and published alongside the software was a book and courseware.
Design By Numbers is no longer an active project but has gone on to influence many other projects aimed at making computer programming more accessible to non-technical people. Its most public result is Processing, created by Maeda's students Casey Reas and Ben Fry, who built on the work of DBN and has gone on to international success.

</doc>
<doc id="20877796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877796" title="Gonchen Monastery">
Gonchen Monastery

Gonchen (also known as Derge Monastery) is a large Sakya Tibetan Buddhist monastery in the town of Derge, in Sichuan, China. Gonchen is located in the ethnic Tibetan cultural region of Kham.
Gonchen Monastery was founded by Thang Tong Gyalpo (or Tangton Gyelpo) (1385-1464), a Buddhist yogi and polymath, physician, and treasure finder, renowned for founding of Ache Lhamo, the Tibetan opera, and the numerous iron suspension bridges he constructed throughout the Himalayan region. He is said to have made 108 of them, the most celebrated being the one over the Yarlung Tsangpo near modern Chushul. He is often shown in murals with long white hair and holding some chain links from his bridges.
The monastery was completely destroyed during the Cultural Revolution.
The monastery was restored in the 1980s and the three inner sanctums are dedicated to Guru Rinpoche (Padmasambhava), Sakyamuni Buddha (Sakya Thukpa) and the future Buddha, Jampa or Maitreya. On the way downhill to the printing press there is a small alley which leads off to the left to the Tangton Gyelpo Chapel (Tangyel Lhakhang).
The main chapel of the monastery is an extensive complex which resulted in it being called the "great monastery". The monastery has a notable design, with striped walls of white, dark red and gray, colors unique to the Sakya sect of Tibetan Buddhism.
Below the monastery itself is the famous Derge Parkhang (Printing House), built in 1729, where the Buddhist scriptures the Kangyur and the Tengyur and other Buddhist works are still printed from wooden blocks in traditional handwork. The printing house, run by monks of the monastery, continues to use ancient techniques and uses no electricity. The roof is used for drying the printed sheets. It houses some 217,000 engraved blocks of scriptures from all Tibetan Buddhist sects including the Bon and about 2,500 pages are hand-produced each day by monks in the traditional manner. Upstairs in the same building older printers produce prints on both cloth and paper. Workers carve new wooden printing blocks in the administrative building opposite the monastery which is protected from earthquakes and fire by the goddess Drolma, an emanation of Tara.
Recent events.
January 27, 2009, a protest involving several Tibetan monks near the monastery was crushed by police by gunfire and detentions, according to the Tibetan Center for Human Rights and Democracy citing reports from the region.
January 31, the monks were released but 30 had been severely tortured.

</doc>
<doc id="20877803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877803" title="Jack Douglas (ice hockey)">
Jack Douglas (ice hockey)

John "Jack" Douglas (April 24, 1930 – January 12, 2003) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who competed in the 1960 Winter Olympics. He was born in Trenton, Ontario. Throughout his hockey career, he was known for his "six inch slapper", where he would take make a powerful slapshot by moving his stick only six inches. 
Douglas won the silver medal at the 1960 Winter Olympics in ice hockey. He played for Indianapolis Chiefs, Chatham Maroons and Pittsburgh Hornets. Douglas played 1 match in the American Hockey League and 119 matches in the International Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20877808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877808" title="Chris Janssens">
Chris Janssens

Chris Janssens (born 12 June 1969 in Genk) is a retired Belgian football player and currently unemployed manager.

</doc>
<doc id="20877811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877811" title="Huberto Rohden">
Huberto Rohden

Huberto Rohden Sobrinho, known as Huberto Rohden, (1893–1981) was a Brazilian philosopher, educator and theologist.
He was born in São Ludgero.
A pioneer of transcendentalism in Brazil who wrote more than 100 works, where he taught ecumenical lecture of spiritual approach towards Education, Philosophy, Science, emphasizing self-knowledge.
Rohden was a major proposer of a "cosmo philosophy", which consists of an individual cosmic harmony within a "cosmocracy": a self-governed individual through universal ethical laws in connection with a collective consciousness of the universe and the flourishing of the divine essence of humans, assuming one has to be responsible for its acts and pursue an intimate reform, with no appeal to an ecclesiastic authority to release the debts of its moral behaviour.
He is a translator of the New Testament, of the Bhagavad Gita, the Tao Te Ching; he was concerned with editing them with low prices, in order to enable access to these works.
A former jesuit priest during the beginning of the literary career; major in Sciences, Philosophy and Theology at the Innsbruck University (Austria), Valkenburg and Napoles (Italy).
In Brazil he founded the "Instituição Cultural e Beneficente Alvorada" (1952), taught at the Princeton University, American University (Washington D.C.) and at the Universidade Presbiteriana Mackenzie (Sao Paulo, Brazil). Delivered lectures in the United States, India and Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="20877815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877815" title="Zvi Weinberg">
Zvi Weinberg

Dr Zvi Meir (Henry H.) Weinberg (, 12 August 1935 – 21 December 2006) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Yisrael BaAliyah between 1996 and 1999.
Born in Brekov in Poland (today in Slovakia), Weinberg emigrated to Canada and developed there his academic career. He held a PhD in French Literature, chaired academic seminars on Zionist thought and served as deputy chairman of the "Canadian Professors for Peace in the Middle East" organization.
Weinberg made aliyah to Israel in 1992 and joined public actions to encourage immigration of the Soviet Jewry to the State of Israel. He was a founding memebr of the political party "Yisrael BaAliyah" and was placed on its list of candidates for the 1996 Knesset elections. Weinberg served in the Knesset for a single term and was a member of the Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee, Constitution, Law and Justice Committee, Economic Affairs Committee and the Education and Culture Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20877816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877816" title="Nigerian Ministry of Defence">
Nigerian Ministry of Defence

The Nigerian Ministry of Defence is the government department charged with ensuring Nigeria's national security. It consists of the defence services headquarters, the Nigerian Army, the Nigerian Air Force, the Nigerian Navy, and other defence agencies and departments.
The last Defence Minister of Nigeria, Dr. Bello Haliru Mohammed was removed by President Jonathan on June 22 2012 after widespread rioting in Kaduna and other parts of the North led to at least 100 deaths. The Minister of State is Murtala Yar'Adua The Permanent Secretary is Dr. Ezekiel Oyebola Oyemomi.
Vision.
In recognition of the challenges of the new millennium, a military sector with modernized equipment, well-trained in all aspects of military operation, fully professionalized, compact and mobile with adequate equipment, firepower and communications, capable of fulfilling its constitutional responsibilities and performing its international peace-keeping role proudly and efficiently is in place.
Mission.
"To provide administrative and support services, timely and effective to enable the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to build and maintain a modern, compact, strong, professional, mission-capable and mission-ready armed forces for the defence of national territory, maritime interest, airspace and the protection and defence of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, and to contribute to peace-making and peace-keeping duties worldwide under sub-regional and global organizations of which Nigeria is a member".
Military.
The military is responsible for protecting the country in the event of war and the President automatically becomes the Commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces. He is the number one officer in the military and has the power to call up and give orders to the military. 
It also appoints people to the following top positions: 
Aims and Objectives.
The aims and objectives of the Ministry of Defence which are derived from the National Defence Policy are as follows:
Maintaining men of the Nigerian Armed Forces in a state of combat readiness on land, sea and air. 
Maintaining a proper balance in arms and men to meet the needs of internal and external security; 
Making provision for the welfare of the men of the Armed Forces in terms of training, accommodation, health care and other benefits aimed at boosting their morale. 
Enhancing the capability and sophistication of the country’s Defence Industries in order to reduce the country's dependence on foreign sources of supply. 
Ensuring security in the African continent by the promotion of a collective defence system through bilateral, sub-regional and continental co-operation to ward off external aggression and to attain the African objective of the national foreign policy; and 
Contributing towards peace and stability in the world as a whole through the United Nations Organisation (UNO), African Union (AU) and Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS). 

</doc>
<doc id="20877817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877817" title="2002 BNP Paribas Masters – Singles">
2002 BNP Paribas Masters – Singles

Sébastien Grosjean was the defending champion but lost in the third round to Carlos Moyá.
Marat Safin won in the final 7–6(7–4), 6–0, 6–4 against Lleyton Hewitt.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. All sixteen seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20877826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877826" title="Mighty Cat Masked Niyandar">
Mighty Cat Masked Niyandar

Niyander is a children's anime series of 83 episodes which ran from February 6, 2000 to September 30, 2001. Nyago-Chan, a young cat living in Cat Town, was chosen to hold the identity of Mighty Cat Masked Niyander. He is kind and true of heart and has many friends. The original manga was made by Takashi Yanase.
Main Characters.
Nyago: The real identity of Mighty Cat Masked Niyander. He is the main character of the anime. Whenever he hears anyone calling for help he transforms into a Niyander. He is the true holder of magic sword.
Niyon: He thinks Niyander is his biggest enemy. Because Niyander is more famous than him.He is a blue cat.
Kon: An anthropomorphic fox and Niyon's assistant. She tries to help him to realize his plans.
Niyanta-Chan: One of Nyago's friends, he is an orange cat with stripes. He wants to be as strong as Niyander.
Miyako-Chan: She is also one of Nyago's friends. She is friendly and polite.
Kachin: Another of Nyago's Friends. She is exceptionally smart, and she creates many experiments to help her friends and herself.
Ginko: She is Con 's friend. Whenever Con gets into trouble, Ginko helps her.
Sarakichi: Like con, he is Ginko's guide, and he helps Ginko in her work.
Supporting characters.
Miko: She is Nyago's Sister, but she don't know that her brother is a superhero.But after some episodes she becomes "The Junior Niyander"
Pidori: A bird who helps Nyago in transforming into Niyander. Whenever Nyago is far away from his home or forgot his bag (which he uses to transform into Niyander), Pidori brings it to him.
Other characters.
Degakompu-A big monkey who helps Niyander.
Chibikompu-A small monkey who is a friend of Degakompu.
Ultramaru:A tiger who is very kind hearted but loves to drink beer/wine.
Miraemaru:A superhero like Niyander who is covered with bandages. All girls are mad after him too.
Dr.Hoho:An owl who is very smart and intelligent. Niyon often comes to him to get ideas to trick niyander but Dr. Hoho doesn't give him any ideas.
Opening Themes.
1. Yume no Manto (Ep 1-83)
Ending Themes.
1. Shin no Mori de (Ep 1 -33)
2. Dance DE Niyan (Ep 34-83)

</doc>
<doc id="20877856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877856" title="Gunter Verjans">
Gunter Verjans

Gunter Verjans (born 6 October 1973 in Tongres) is a former Belgian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20877857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877857" title="CKOY">
CKOY

CKOY may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20877858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877858" title="Bob Attersley">
Bob Attersley

Robert Alan Attersley (August 13, 1933 – March 12, 2010) was well known as a Canadian ice hockey player who competed in the 1960 Winter Olympics. He was born in Oshawa, Ontario to Ernest and Marietta Attersley. During his lifetime he owned and operated several businesses and having a political career which extended to being the mayor of Whitby.
Early life.
He was first employed by General Motors, and also held the position of president of the Young Conservative Party of Oshawa. He subsequently moved to Whitby.
Hockey career.
Attersley played on bantam and midget hockey teams in Oshawa and then proceeded onto Junior B. Eventually reaching Major Junior 'A' hockey in 1950-1951, he first played for the Oshawa Generals. He remained with the Generals for a total of three seasons, receiving the Red Tilson Trophy as the Ontario Hockey League's most valuable player in 1952-1953. In hopes of signing him, he was invited by the Boston Bruins to their training camp at Hershey, Pennsylvania in 1953.
While considering the offer made by Boston, the Generals lost their arena to a fire. This fire not only took their home, but all their equipment as well. This forced the team to split up, names were put into a hat and divided between the remaining teams. This landed Attersley with the Guelph Biltmores for a year at the same fee offered by Boston. Other than playing exhibition games with the Bruins he remained with the Guelph Biltmores.
With the contract to the Guelph Biltmores coming to an end, Attersley joined the team the Oshawa Truckmen. Because of the loss of the Oshawa arena, the 1953-1954 season was played in Bowmanville. At this point Attersley made his way back to Whitby with the then Oshawa Truckmen, which changed its name to the Whitby Dunlops.
With his centre position secured for the Whitby Dunlops, Attersley went on to win the scoring championship in the league for four of the five seasons. In 1956-1957, he went on to win the Allan Cup with the Whitby Dunlops in their first year as a Senior "A" club. He also managed to set two records during his time with the Dunlops. A record of 70 assists in the 1956-1957 season and in 1958-1959 a record for total points at the end of a season, 95.
In 1958 he earned the right to represent Canada at the World Hockey Championships in Oslo, Norway with the Dunlops. In the final game, Attersley scored two goals and one assist.
In the 1958-1959 season, the Whitby Dunlops won the Allan Cup. In the following year the Whitby Dunlops disbanded, leaving Attersley to join the Waterloo Flying Dutchmen to represent Canada for a second time. This time it was at the 1960 Winter Olympics at Squaw Valley, California. Following the Olympics Attersley went on to join the Kingston Frontenacs of the Eastern Professional Hockey League, until leaving hockey in 1962.
Recognition.
He received two major forms of recognition for his many years playing hockey. On August 14, 1981, the Whitby Dunlops were inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in Toronto. Attersley's and Harry Sinden's sweaters were placed in a glass case as part of a display of World Championship teams Canada has produced since the Second World War. In 1986 Attersley was also recognized for his years with the Generals, when he was inducted into the Oshawa Sports Hall of Fame.
Return to hockey.
Attersley returned to hockey in 1989 when, along with Wren Blair, he purchased the then Kingston Raiders. The new owners kept the team in Kingston and restored the old Frontenacs name.
Business career.
After working for General Motors, Attersley became supervisor of maintenance at the new Dunlop Tire plant towards the end of 1954. On April 1, 1960 he opened his first Attersley Tire store and expanded into the commercial truck area of expertise by the year 1964. He continued to expand himself across many areas of commerce and in 1981, and was recognized by the Whitby Chamber of Commerce naming him "Business Person of the Year."
Political career.
Attersley's political career began to 1964 when he was first elected to the town council of Whitby. He served as a councillor from January 1964 until August 1966 when the reeve of Whitby, Everett Quantrill, resigned. At that point the deputy reeve George Brooks took his place and Attersley took over as deputy reeve and finance committee chairman. He stayed in those positions until the end of 1969 when he retired from council. He returned to council from 1971 to 1973 following the resignation of Hugh O'Connell, and again in 1977. In this latter term, he also served on Durham Regional Council.
Mayor.
In November 1980, Attersley ran for mayor unchallenged. In his first year as mayor, Attersley faced a large challenge when in the summer of 1980 one of Whitby's largest industries, Firestone, had closed bringing with it a loss of 650 jobs and $65,000 in taxes.
Another duty that Attersley assumed as Mayor in 1980 was to serve as one of the Regional Council's representatives on the then named Durham Police Commission. He spent a total of 11 years on the commission, nine as chairman (1983–1991), unchallenged for each of those years. While on the Durham Police Commission he was responsible for the introduction of the Crime Stoppers program into Whitby. He took a major role in modernizing police equipment and introducing a computer system.
A major goal of Attersley's as mayor was to increase commerce in Whitby. He realized tourist promotion to be a necessity for the welfare of Whitby and established a temporary Tourist Information Centre. On June 29, 1982, a permanent Tourist Information Centre was opened with financial assistance from Len Cullen, owner of Cullen Gardens. In an attempt to increase industrialism, brochures were made up in English, French, German and Japanese to promote Whitby. In times of a recession for Ontario, Whitby posted record numbers for building permits, industries and stores being opened, and a population increase.
In July 1982 Attersley ran, again unchallenged, for a second term as mayor. Whitby received global attention when it was visited by 15 Japanese mayors on July 9, 1984. It was the only Canadian stop by the mayors, who wanted to see how a town like Whitby operated.
On August 25, 1984, Attersley presented Anne Ottenbrite with the Key to the Town of Whitby and named a swimming pool in her honour. He also later unveiled a plaque at Camp X in memory of Sir William Stephenson.
Attersley served as mayor until the 1991 municipal election.
Attersley was appointed Honorary Colonel of The Ontario Regiment in July 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20877872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877872" title="Cooltoon">
Cooltoon

Coolton was an Italian television channel, dedicated to broadcasting anime programming. Exclusively available on Sky Italia, was launched in 2007 and closed down in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20877875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877875" title="Shintani">
Shintani

Shintani is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20877879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877879" title="Badureliya Sports Club">
Badureliya Sports Club

Badureliya Sports Club is a first class cricket team in Sri Lanka. In late 2008, the club threatened to boycott the Sri Lankan domestic tournaments due to their objections to being relegated to Tier B from their position in Tier A. The club later backed down from their stance, and defeated Nondescripts Cricket Club by an innings and two runs.
They play their home matches at Surrey Village Cricket Ground, Maggona.

</doc>
<doc id="20877880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877880" title="2009 New York Jets season">
2009 New York Jets season

The 2009 New York Jets season was the 50th season for the club and the 40th season in the National Football League and the last season at Giants Stadium. While they did not improve their 9–7 record from 2008, this time the team headed to the playoffs. The Jets fired head coach Eric Mangini on December 29, 2008 and hired Rex Ryan from the Baltimore Ravens on January 18, 2009. The New York Jets were represented at the 2010 Pro Bowl by Darrelle Revis, Nick Mangold, Shaun Ellis, D’Brickashaw Ferguson, and Alan Faneca.
Offseason.
Coaching changes.
Head coach Eric Mangini was fired by the Jets on December 29, 2008. The decision was made after the Jets fell from 8–3 and sole possession of first place in the AFC East with four losses in their last five games, causing them to miss a playoff berth. He finished his tenure as head coach with a 23–25 record including the playoffs.
At first, the Jets attempted to lure former Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Bill Cowher out of retirement, with the possibility of Cowher gaining personnel decisions in addition to coaching. Cowher ultimately decided to stay retired in 2009. The Jets interviewed several candidates for their vacancy. In-house candidates included offensive coordinator Brian Schottenheimer and offensive line coach Bill Callahan. Other candidates interviewed were Indianapolis Colts defensive coordinator Ron Meeks, New York Giants defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo, and Boston College head coach Jeff Jagodzinski (who was subsequently fired from his position as a result of accepting the interview).
The Jets eventually picked Baltimore Ravens defensive coordinator Rex Ryan as their head coach. He accepted the position just hours after the Ravens' loss in the AFC Championship Game on January 18, and was introduced by the Jets on January 21.
Signings.
On February 27, the Jets signed former Baltimore Ravens linebacker Bart Scott to a six-year, $48 million deal. On March 3, the Jets inked Jim Leonhard, former Ravens safety, to a three-year, $6 million deal.
Departures.
After failing to come to terms on a contract extension, the Jets restructured the contract of wide receiver Laveranues Coles to allow him to immediately become an unrestricted free agent on February 25. Though Coles admitted a chance he could re-sign with the Jets, he signed a four-year deal with the Cincinnati Bengals. On March 4, former kicker Mike Nugent was signed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers to a one-year deal.
Trades.
On February 28, the Jets traded for cornerback Lito Sheppard of the Philadelphia Eagles, sending the Eagles a 2009 fifth-round draft pick and a 2010 conditional draft pick. The pick can be as high as second and as low as fourth. Upon the trade, Sheppard received a four-year, $27.2 million contract extension.
On October 7, the Jets made a blockbuster deal with the Cleveland Browns to send Wide Receiver Braylon Edwards to the Jets for Wide Receiver Chansi Stuckey, Linebacker Jason Trusnik, and 2 draft picks.
2009 NFL Draft.
The Jets were assigned the 17th selection in the first round of the 2009 NFL Draft. Prior to the 2008 season, the Jets traded a conditional fourth round selection to the Green Bay Packers in exchange for quarterback Brett Favre; this became a third round selection because Favre took the majority of snaps for the Jets in 2008. They gave their fifth round pick to the Philadelphia Eagles in the Lito Sheppard trade. They also received a third round selection from the New Orleans Saints in exchange for linebacker Jonathan Vilma. Prior to the 2007 season, the Jets received a fourth round selection from the Washington Redskins in exchange for guard Pete Kendall; the pick was originally a 2008 fifth round selection that was upgraded due to Kendall's playing time in 2007.
On draft day, the Jets traded their first and second-round picks, defensive end Kenyon Coleman, safety Abram Elam, and quarterback Brett Ratliff to the Cleveland Browns for their first round selection, the fifth overall. The Jets used the selection to draft quarterback Mark Sanchez from the University of Southern California. The Jets also sent their third, fourth, and seventh-round selections to the Detroit Lions for the Lions' third-round pick, which was the first of the second day of the draft. The Jets selected running back Shonn Greene of the University of Iowa with the pick.
Schedule.
The Jets' slate of regular season opponents was determined after the completion of the 2008 season. In addition to their traditional AFC East rivals, the team played opponents from the AFC South and NFC South divisions, and the third-place teams of the AFC West and AFC North, as determined by the NFL scheduling formula. Their schedule was released in full on April 14. Game times and channels from weeks 11, 12, and 14–17 were subject to change per the NFL's flexible scheduling policy. Some controversy ensued over the placement of the Jets' first two home games, coinciding with the Jewish holidays of Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur. In response, the NFL moved the time of the game against the Tennessee Titans to 1:00 pm Eastern. The Jets played a regular season game outside the United States for the first time when they played the Bills in Toronto; the game is the second in a five-year series of regular and preseason games the Bills are playing at the Rogers Centre.
All games will be broadcast on 1050AM ESPN except for Week 13.
Game summaries.
Week 1: at Houston Texans.
The Jets began their season at Reliant Stadium for a Week 1 showdown with the Houston Texans. New York took off in the first quarter as kicker Jay Feely nailed a 24-yard field goal. In the second quarter, the Jets would increase their lead as rookie quarterback Mark Sanchez completed his first career touchdown pass as he connected with wide receiver Chansi Stuckey on a 30-yard pass. In the third quarter, New York continued their run as running back Thomas Jones got a 1-yard touchdown run. The Texans tried to rally in the fourth quarter as safety Dominique Barber returned a fumble 48 yards for a touchdown, but the Jets would end the game with Jones getting a 38-yard touchdown run.
With the win, not only did New York begin their season at 1–0, but Sanchez (18-of-31, 272 yards, 1 TD, 1 INT) would become the 1st Jets rookie QB since Richard Todd in 1976 to win a game.
Week 2: vs. New England Patriots.
Coming off an impressive road win over the Texans, the Jets played their Week 2 home opener against their AFC East rival, the New England Patriots. In the week prior to the game, first-year Jets head coach Rex Ryan placed a phone message to all Jets season ticket holders asking them to "make it miserable for (Tom) Brady and company," following up on his comments during the off-season that he would not "kiss Bill Belichick's Super Bowl rings." He told the Jets fans that "the Patriots had a better head coach and a better quarterback," but that the game would decide "who has a better team." Meanwhile, Jets safety Kerry Rhodes said the Jets intended on not just winning, but "embarrassing" the Patriots in the game, while nose tackle Kris Jenkins called it the Jets' version of the Super Bowl; the Jets had not defeated the Patriots at home since 2000. 
On the first drive of the game, without an injured Wes Welker, the Patriots drove to the Jets' 36-yard line before having to punt. The Jets' first play from scrimmage was a strip-sack of rookie quarterback Mark Sanchez by defensive lineman Mike Wright; Sanchez recovered the fumble at the Jets' 3-yard line. On 4th-and-24, the Jets punted back to their own 49-yard line; the Patriots could not capitalize on the field position and went three-and-out. However, Jets running back Leon Washington fumbled on the next play; cornerback Leigh Bodden recovered it at the Jets' 17-yard line. Two holding penalties would push the Patriots back to the Jets' 37-yard line, setting up a 45-yard Stephen Gostkowski field goal to give the Patriots a 3–0 lead. Following a Jets three-and-out, the Patriots moved to their own 41-yard line before Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis intercepted a pass intended for Randy Moss at the Jets' 16-yard line. The Jets offense would continue to struggle, however, going three-and-out again to end the first quarter. 
The Patriots began the second quarter with a 9-play, 53-yard drive, one that stalled at the Jets' 7-yard line; the Patriots settled for another Stephen Gostkowski field goal, extending their lead to 6–0. The Jets would pick up their initial first down of the game on their next possession, going 52 yards on 10 plays before a Jay Feely 33-yard field goal cut the Patriots' lead in half. Starting from their own 10-yard line after a holding penalty on Sam Aiken on the kickoff, the Patriots took nearly six minutes off the clock, reaching the Jets' 11-yard line before two incomplete passes by Brady prevented the Patriots scoring their first touchdown of the game. Instead, Gostkowski kicked his third field goal of the day to increase the Patriots' lead to 9–3 going into halftime. Receiving the opening kickoff of the second half due to their deferral of the opening coin toss, the Jets took the lead in barely a minute. Following a 43-yard kick return by Washington, Sanchez hit wide receiver Jerricho Cotchery for 45 yards and a play later connected with tight end Dustin Keller on a 9-yard touchdown pass. The 10–9 lead was the first for the Jets over the Patriots at home since 2001. After a Patriots three-and-out, punter Chris Hanson's 30-yard punt gave the Jets the ball at the Patriots' 45-yard line. From the Patriots' 6-yard line, Sanchez appeared to throw a touchdown pass to Chansi Stuckey, but the catch was overturned after the Patriots challenged. Two plays later, Feely hit his second field goal of the day to give the Jets a 13–9 lead.
The Patriots' ensuing possession reached the Jets' 35-yard line on a third down, but back-to-back delay of game penalties on Tom Brady, an incomplete pass, and a face-mask penalty on Moss on the punt backed the Patriots up to their own 40-yard line. However, Hanson's subsequent attempt was better than the first, nullified by the penalty, and the Jets began their next drive from their own 15-yard line. On a 14-play, 63-yard drive that spanned into the fourth quarter, the Jets extended their lead to 16–9 on a 39-yard Feely field goal. The Patriots started their next drive from their own 15-yard line as well, but were unable to reach midfield before punting. A Jets three-and-out gave the Patriots another opportunity with five minutes remaining, but a Ben Watson holding penalty in the middle of the drive helped set up a 2nd-and-20 situation and eventually another punt. Just before the two-minute warning, Sanchez was sacked, but a penalty on BenJarvus Green-Ellis on the ensuing punt meant the Patriots had to start their last drive of the game from their own 10-yard line. After a Julian Edelman 18-yard reception began it, four straight in-completions ended the drive and the game. With the win, not only did the Jets improve to 2–0, but it also marked the first time that they defeated the Patriots at home since 2000. This also marked the first time that New England was held without a touchdown since December 10, 2006. 
Rex Ryan would become the first Jets rookie head coach since Al Groh to win their first two games.
Week 3: vs. Tennessee Titans.
The Jets wore New York Titans throwback uniforms for an AFL Legacy Game with the Tennessee Titans, who wore 1960s Houston Oilers uniforms.
New York would take flight in the first quarter with rookie quarterback Mark Sanchez getting a 14-yard touchdown run. And later in the first he completed a 2-yard touchdown pass to tight end Ben Hartsock. The Titans would answer in the second quarter with running back LenDale White's 5-yard touchdown run and kicker Rob Bironas' 38-yard field goal. This made the score 14–10 with the Jets leading.
Tennessee would take the lead in the third quarter with quarterback Kerry Collins' 9-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Nate Washington, yet the Jets came right back with Sanchez's 6-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Jerricho Cotchery. In the fourth quarter, New York would add onto their lead with a 30-yard field goal from kicker Jay Feely. Afterwards, the defense would prevent any possible comeback attempts from the Titans.
With the win, not only did the Jets improve to 3–0, but Sanchez (17-of-30, 171 yards, 2 TDs, 1 INT) would become the first rookie quarterback since the AFL–NFL merger of 1970 to win their first three games. Also, this marked the first time since 2004 that New York began a season at 3–0.
Week 4: at New Orleans Saints.
Coming off their home win over the Titans, the Jets flew to the Louisiana Superdome for a Week 4 interconference duel with the New Orleans Saints. New York would find themselves struggling early with Saints kicker John Carney making a 34-yard field goal. New Orleans would take command in the second quarter with safety Darren Sharper returning an interception 99 yards for a touchdown, followed by rookie quarterback Mark Sanchez fumbling the ball in his own endzone (due to a sack by defensive end Will Smith), which was recovered by defensive tackle Remi Ayodele for a touchdown. The Jets would close out the half with a 38-yard field goal from kicker Jay Feely.
New York tried to make a comeback run as running back Thomas Jones got a 15-yard touchdown run in the third quarter, but the Saints sealed the victory with running back Pierre Thomas' 1-yard touchdown run and a stiff defensive effort.
With the loss, the Jets fell to 3–1.
Week 5: at Miami Dolphins.
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Saints, the Jets flew to Land Shark Stadium for a Week 5 Monday Night duel with their AFC East rival, the Miami Dolphins. New York immediately trailed as the Dolphins took the game's opening drive and capped it off with a 1-yard touchdown run from running Ronnie Brown. The Jets immediately responded with rookie quarterback Mark Sanchez completing a 3-yard touchdown pass to newly acquired wide receiver Braylon Edwards. Afterwards, Miami closed out the opening quarter with a 35-yard field goal from kicker Dan Carpenter. In the second quarter, New York took the lead as kicker Jay Feely got a 40-yard and a 43-yard field goal.
After a scoreless third quarter, both the Jets and the Dolphins would get involved in a back-and-forth fourth quarter. Miami opened up the period with quarterback Chad Henne hooking up with tight end Anthony Fasano on a 2-yard touchdown pass, while New York got a 1-yard touchdown run from running back Thomas Jones. The Dolphins would immediately respond as Henne threw a 53-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Ted Ginn, Jr., but Jones came through again with a 3-yard touchdown run. Late in the game, Miami managed to crack through the Jets' defense as Brown got a 2-yard touchdown run. New York tried to rally, but Sanchez's last-second hail mary pass was knocked away.
With the loss, the Jets fell to 3–2.
Week 6: vs. Buffalo Bills.
Hoping to snap a two-game losing streak, the Jets went home for a Week 6 AFC East duel with the Buffalo Bills. Both teams began the first quarter with field goals, as Bills kicker Rian Lindell made a 33-yard field goal and Jets kicker Jay Feely getting a 23-yard field goal. In the second quarter, New York soared into the lead with Feely's 41-yard field goal and running back Thomas Jones' 71-yard touchdown run. However, Buffalo rallied to tie the game in the third quarter with Lindell's 25-yard field goal and quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick's 37-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Lee Evans. After both teams failed to get any point in the fourth quarter, the game went into overtime. Despite getting the ball to start off OT, the Jets failed to get any point out of their opening drive. After a hard-fought period, the Bills would emerge on top as Lindell booted the game-winning 47-yard field goal.
With the loss, New York fell to 3–3.
Thomas Jones would have a career day as he ran 22 times for a franchise-best 210 yards (in addition to his rushing touchdown).
Week 7: at Oakland Raiders.
Hoping to snap a three-game losing streak, the Jets flew to the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum, donned their throwbacks, and played a Week 7 AFL Legacy game with the Oakland Raiders. New York took flight in the first quarter with a 1-yard touchdown run from running back Thomas Jones and a 3-yard touchdown run from rookie quarterback Mark Sanchez. The Jets would increase their lead in the second quarter with rookie running back Shonn Greene getting an 8-yard touchdown run, followed by kicker Jay Feely booting a 39-yard field goal. Afterwards, New York would pull away with Sanchez's 35-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver David Clowney in the third quarter and Greene's 33-yard touchdown run in the fourth.
With the win, the Jets improved to 4–3.
Week 8: vs. Miami Dolphins.
Coming off their shutout road win over the Raiders, the Jets went home, donned their white New York Titans uniforms again, and played a Week 8 divisional rematch with the Miami Dolphins. After a scoreless first quarter, New York and Miami exchanged field goals, with Jets kicker Jay Feely making a 23-yard field goal, followed by Dolphins kicker Dan Carpenter getting a 48-yard field goal.
In a back-and-forth third quarter, New York began the scoring with Feely making a 55-yard field goal. Miami immediately answered with wide receiver Ted Ginn, Jr. returning a kickoff 100 yards for a touchdown, followed by linebacker Jason Taylor returning a fumble 48 yards for a touchdown. The Jets replied with rookie quarterback Mark Sanchez getting a 1-yard touchdown run, but the Dolphins came back as Ginn, Jr. returned a kickoff 101 yards for a touchdown. New York closed out the period with Sanchez hooking up with wide receiver Braylon Edwards on a 19-yard touchdown pass (with a failed two-point conversion). In the fourth quarter, Miami struck again as quarterback Chad Henne found tight end Joey Haynos on a 5-yard touchdown pass (with a failed two-point conversion). The Jets tried to rally as Sanchez completed a 16-yard touchdown pass to tight end Dustin Keller (with another two-point conversion), but New York's rally fell short.
With the loss, New York went into their bye week at 4–4.
Week 10: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars.
Coming off their bye week, the Jets stayed at home for a Week 10 duel with the Jacksonville Jaguars. New York would trail early in the first quarter with running back Maurice Jones-Drew's 33-yard touchdown run. The Jets would respond with kicker Jay Feely getting a 32-yard field goal, followed by rookie quarterback Mark Sanchez completing a 7-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Jerricho Cotchery. In the second quarter, Jacksonville would take the lead as quarterback David Garrard got an 11-yard touchdown run and completed a 26-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Mike Sims-Walker. New York would close out the half as Feely made a 37-yard field goal.
After a scoreless third quarter, the Jets would regain the lead in the fourth quarter with a 40-yard field goal from Feely and a 1-yard touchdown run from running back Thomas Jones (with a failed 2-point conversion). However, the Jaguars got the last laugh as kicker Josh Scobee booted the game-winning 21-yard field goal.
With the loss, New York fell to 4–5.
Week 11: at New England Patriots.
Trying to avoid three straight losses, the Jets flew to Gillette Stadium for a Week 11 AFC East rematch with the New England Patriots. In the first quarter, New York struggled early on both sides of the field as Patriots cornerback Leigh Bodden returned an interception 53 yards for a touchdown, followed by quarterback Tom Brady completing a 4-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Randy Moss. In the second quarter, the Jets continued to trail as running back Laurence Maroney got a 2-yard touchdown run, while kicker Stephen Gostkowski made a 26-yard field goal. New York would close out the half with wide receiver Brad Smith returning a blocked punt 4 yards for a touchdown.
In the third quarter, the Jets tried to come back as quarterback Mark Sanchez threw a 29-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Jerricho Cotchery, but New England would pull away in the fourth quarter with Maroney's 1-yard touchdown run.
With the loss, the Jets fell to 4–6.
Week 12: vs. Carolina Panthers.
Trying to snap a three-game losing streak, the Jets went home for a Week 12 interconference duel with the Carolina Panthers. New York would take off in the first quarter as cornerback Darrelle Revis returned an interception 67 yards for a touchdown. The Panthers would get on the board as kicker John Kasay made a 40-yard field goal, yet the Jets would answer with a 3-yard touchdown run from running back Thomas Jones. After a scoreless third quarter, Carolina tried to rally in the fourth quarter with Kasay nailing a 28-yard field goal. Afterwards, New York would pull away as kicker Jay Feely booted a 47-yard field goal.
With the win, the Jets improved to 5–6.
Week 13: at Buffalo Bills.
Thomas Jones and Shonn Greene combined for 168 yards rushing, as the New York Jets compiled 249 total yards on the ground to top the Buffalo Bills, 19–13, at Rogers Centre. Mark Sanchez passed for 104 yards and a score on 7-of-15 passing before injuring his right knee on a head- first dive in the third quarter. Braylon Edwards had three catches for 45 yards and a score, while Jerricho Cotchery had four receptions for 68 yards in the win. Ryan Fitzpatrick struggled to complete passes, throwing for just 98 yards and an interception on 9-of-23 efficiency for the Bills, who have lost four of five to effectively end any slim playoff hopes the team had. Marshawn Lynch ran six times for 60 yards and a touchdown, while Fred Jackson had 13 rushes for 31 yards.
With the win, the Jets improved to 6–6.
Week 16: at Indianapolis Colts.
With the win, the Jets ended the Colts' perfect season run, and also ended their 23–game regular season winning streak. The Jets were able to capitalize on the Colts' decision to bench quarterback Peyton Manning to avoid injury given they had already made the playoffs. The Jets improved their playoff chances greatly by moving to 8–7 on the season. Having beaten the 10–0 Titans the previous season, the Jets thus became the first NFL team to beat the final undefeated team in consecutive seasons since the 1960 and 1961 St. Louis Cardinals.
AFC Wild Card Game: at Cincinnati Bengals.
Entering the playoffs as the AFC's No. 5 seed, the Jets began their playoff run at Paul Brown Stadium in the AFC Wild Card game against the No. 4 Cincinnati Bengals, in a rematch of their dominating Week 17 game.
New York would trail in the first quarter as Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer completed an 11-yard touchdown pass to former Jets wide recevier Laveranues Coles. New York would respond in the second quarter with a 39-yard touchdown run from rookie running back Shonn Greene, followed by rookie quarterback Mark Sanchez hooking up with tight end Dustin Keller on a 45-yard touchdown pass.
The Jets would add onto their lead in the third quarter with a 9-yard touchdown run from running back Thomas Jones. Cincinnati would begin to rally in the fourth quarter as running back Cedric Benson got a 47-yard touchdown run, yet New York came right back as kicker Jay Feely nailed a 20-yard field goal.
With the win, not only did the Jets improve their overall record to 10–7, but rookie quarterback Mark Sanchez and rookie head coach Rex Ryan picked up their first postseason win.
AFC Divisional Round: at San Diego Chargers.
Coming off their impressive road win over the Bengals, the Jets flew to Qualcomm Stadium for the AFC Divisional Round against the No. 2 San Diego Chargers. After a scoreless first quarter, New York would trail in the second quarter as Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers completed a 13-yard touchdown pass to fullback Kris Wilson. New York would answer in the third quarter with kicker Jay Feely making a 46-yard field goal. Then, the Jets would take the lead in the fourth quarter as rookie quarterback Mark Sanchez completed a 2-yard touchdown to tight end Dustin Keller, followed by rookie running back Shonn Greene busting for a 53-yard touchdown run. San Diego tried to rally as quarterback Philip Rivers ran in for a 1-yard touchdown run, yet New York recovered the onside kick for the win.
With the win, not only did the Jets improve their overall record to 11–7, but they advanced to their first AFC Championship Game since 1998. They also won consecutive playoff games for the first time since 1982.
Sanchez (12 of 23 for 100 yards with 1 TD and 1 INT) would join Ravens' quarterback Joe Flacco as the only rookie quarterbacks in NFL history to win two playoff games.
AFC Championship Game: at Indianapolis Colts.
Coming off their divisional road win over the Chargers, the Jets flew to Lucas Oil Stadium for the AFC Championship Game against the top-seeded Indianapolis Colts. After a scoreless first quarter, New York would trail to begin the second quarter as Colts kicker Matt Stover made a 25-yard field goal. The Jets would immediately respond as rookie quarterback Mark Sanchez hooked up with wide receiver Braylon Edwards on an 80-yard touchdown pass. Indianapolis would chip away at New York's lead as Stover got a 19-yard field goal, yet the Jets struck again with Sanchez finding tight end Dustin Keller on a 9-yard touchdown pass, followed by kicker Jay Feely's 48-yard field goal. However, the Colts continued their assault as quarterback Peyton Manning completed a 9-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Austin Collie.
Indiananpolis would take the lead in the third quarter with Manning completing a 4-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Pierre Garçon, followed by Manning's 15-yard touchdown pass to tight end Dallas Clark in the fourth quarter. Afterwards, the Colts would pull away as Stover booted a 21-yard field goal.
With the loss, New York's season would come to an end with an overall record of 11–8.

</doc>
