<doc id="20865567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865567" title="Schiehallion experiment">
Schiehallion experiment

The Schiehallion experiment was an 18th-century experiment to determine the mean density of the Earth. Funded by a grant from the Royal Society, it was conducted in the summer of 1774 around the Scottish mountain of Schiehallion, Perthshire. The experiment involved measuring the tiny deflection of a pendulum due to the gravitational attraction of a nearby mountain. Schiehallion was considered the ideal location after a search for candidate mountains, thanks to its isolation and almost symmetrical shape. One of the triggers for the experiment were anomalies noted during the survey of the Mason–Dixon Line.
The experiment had previously been considered, but rejected, by Isaac Newton as a practical demonstration of his theory of gravitation. However, a team of scientists, notably Nevil Maskelyne, the Astronomer Royal, were convinced that the effect would be detectable and undertook to conduct the experiment. The deflection angle depended on the relative densities and volumes of the Earth and the mountain: if the density and volume of Schiehallion could be ascertained, then so could the density of the Earth. Once this was known, then this would in turn yield approximate values for those of the other planets, their moons, and the Sun, previously known only in terms of their relative ratios. As an additional benefit, the concept of contour lines, devised to simplify the process of surveying the mountain, later became a standard technique in cartography.
Background.
A pendulum hangs straight downwards in a symmetrical gravitational field. However, if a sufficiently large mass such as a mountain is nearby, its gravitational attraction should pull the pendulum's plumb-bob slightly out of true. The change in plumb-line angle against a known object—such as a star—could be carefully measured on opposite sides of the mountain. If the mass of the mountain could be independently established from a determination of its volume and an estimate of the mean density of its rocks, then these values could be extrapolated to provide the mean density of the Earth, and by extension, its mass.
Isaac Newton had considered the effect in the "Principia", but pessimistically thought that any real mountain would produce too small a deflection to measure. Gravitational effects, he wrote, were only discernible on the planetary scale. Newton's pessimism was unfounded: although his calculations had suggested a deviation of less than 2 minutes of arc (for an idealised three-mile high mountain), this angle, though very slight, was within the theoretical capability of instruments of his day.
An experiment to test Newton's idea would both provide supporting evidence for his law of universal gravitation, and estimates of the mass and density of the Earth. Since the masses of astronomical objects were known only in terms of relative ratios, the mass of the Earth would provide reasonable values to the other planets, their moons, and the Sun. The data were also capable of determining the value of Newton's gravitational constant , though this was not a goal of the experimenters; references to a value for would not appear in the scientific literature until almost a hundred years later.
Finding the mountain.
Chimborazo, 1738.
A pair of French astronomers named Pierre Bouguer and Charles Marie de La Condamine were the first to attempt the experiment, conducting their measurements on the volcano Chimborazo in Ecuador in 1738. Their expedition had left France for South America in 1735 to try to measure the meridian arc length of one degree of latitude near the equator, but they took advantage of the opportunity to attempt the deflection experiment. In December 1738, under very difficult conditions of terrain and climate, they conducted a pair of measurements at altitudes of 4,680 and 4,340 m. Bouguer wrote in a 1749 paper that they had been able to detect a deflection of 8 seconds of arc, but he downplayed the significance of their results, suggesting that the experiment would be better carried out under easier conditions in France or England. He added that the experiment had at least proved that the Earth could not be a hollow shell, as some thinkers of the day, including Edmond Halley, had suggested.
Schiehallion, 1774.
That a further attempt should be made on the experiment was proposed to the Royal Society in 1772 by Nevil Maskelyne, Astronomer Royal. He suggested that the experiment would "do honour to the nation where it was made" and proposed Whernside in Yorkshire, or the Blencathra-Skiddaw massif in Cumberland as suitable targets. The Royal Society formed the Committee of Attraction to consider the matter, appointing Maskelyne, Joseph Banks and Benjamin Franklin amongst its members. The Committee despatched the astronomer and surveyor Charles Mason to find a suitable mountain.
After a lengthy search over the summer of 1773, Mason reported that the best candidate was Schiehallion (then spelled "Schehallien"), a peak lying between Loch Tay and Loch Rannoch in the central Scottish Highlands. The mountain stood in isolation from any nearby hills, which would reduce their gravitational influence, and its symmetrical east–west ridge would simplify the calculations. Its steep northern and southern slopes would allow the experiment to be sited close to its centre of mass, maximising the deflection effect.
Mason however declined to conduct the work himself for the offered commission of one guinea per day. The task therefore fell to Maskelyne, for which he was granted a temporary leave of his duties as Astronomer Royal. He was aided in the task by mathematician and surveyor Charles Hutton and Reuben Burrow, a mathematician of the Royal Greenwich Observatory. A workforce of labourers was engaged to construct observatories for the astronomers, and assist in the surveying. The science team was particularly well-equipped: its astronomical instruments included a brass quadrant from Cook's 1769 transit of Venus expedition, a zenith sector, and a regulator (precision pendulum clock) for timing the astronomical observations. They also acquired a theodolite and Gunter's chain for surveying the mountain, and a pair of barometers for measuring altitude. Generous funding for the experiment was available due to underspend on the transit of Venus expedition, which had been turned over to the Society by the King.
Measurements.
Astronomical.
Observatories were constructed to the north and south of the mountain, plus a bothy to accommodate equipment and the scientists. Most of the workforce was however housed in rough canvas tents. Maskelyne's astronomical measurements were the first to be conducted. It was necessary for him to determine the zenith distances with respect to the plumb line for a set of stars at the precise time that each passed due south. Weather conditions were frequently unfavourable due to mist and rain. However, from the south observatory, he was able to take 76 measurements on 34 stars in one direction, and then 93 observations on 39 stars in the other. From the north side, he then conducted a set of 68 observations on 32 stars and a set of 100 on 37 stars. By conducting sets of measurements with the plane of the zenith sector first facing east and then west, he successfully avoided any systematic errors arising from collimating the sector.
To determine the deflection due to the mountain, it was necessary to account for the curvature of the Earth: an observer will see the local zenith shift by the same angle as any change in latitude. After accounting for observational effects such as precession, aberration of light and nutation, Maskelyne showed that the difference between the locally-determined zenith for observers north and south of Schiehallion was 54.6 arc seconds. Once the surveying team had provided a difference of 42.94″ latitude between the two stations, he was able to subtract this, and after rounding to the accuracy of his observations, announce that the sum of the north and south deflections was 11.6″.
Maskelyne published his initial results in the "Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society" in 1775, using preliminary data on the mountain's shape and hence the position of its center of gravity. This led him to expect a deflection of 20.9″ if the mean densities of Schiehallion and the Earth were equal. Since the deflection was about half this, he was able to make a preliminary announcement that the mean density of the Earth was approximately double that of Schiehallion. A more accurate value would have to await completion of the surveying process.
Maskelyne took the opportunity to note that Schiehallion exhibited a gravitational attraction, and thus all mountains did; and that Newton's inverse square law of gravitation had been confirmed. An appreciative Royal Society presented Maskelyne with the 1775 Copley Medal; the biographer Chalmers later noting that "If any doubts yet remained with respect to the truth of the Newtonian system, they were now totally removed".
Surveying.
The work of the surveying team was greatly hampered by the inclemency of the weather, and it took until 1776 to complete the task. To find the volume of the mountain, it was necessary to divide it into a set of vertical prisms and compute the volume of each. The triangulation task falling to Charles Hutton was considerable: the surveyors had obtained thousands of bearings to more than a thousand points around the mountain. Moreover, the vertices of his prisms did not always conveniently coincide with the surveyed heights. To make sense of all his data, he hit upon the idea of interpolating a series of lines at set intervals between his measure values, marking points of equal height. In doing so, not only could he easily determine the heights of his prisms, but from the swirl of the lines one could get an instant impression of the form of the terrain. Hutton had invented contour lines, in common use since for depicting cartographic relief.
Hutton had to compute the individual attractions due to each of the many prisms that formed his grid, a process which was as laborious as the survey itself. The task occupied his time for a further two years before he could present his results, which he did in a hundred-page paper to the Royal Society in 1778. He found that the attraction of the plumb-bob to the Earth would be 9,933 times that of the sum of its attractions to the mountain at the north and south stations, if the density of the Earth and Schiehallion had been the same. Since the actual deflection of 11.6″ implied a ratio of 17,804:1 after accounting for the effect of latitude on gravity, he was able to state that the Earth had a mean density of formula_1, or about formula_2 that of the mountain. The lengthy process of surveying the mountain had not therefore greatly affected the outcome of Maskelyne's calculations. Hutton took a density of for Schiehallion, and announced that the density of the Earth was formula_2 of this, or . In comparison with the modern accepted figure of , the density of the Earth had been computed with an error of less than 20%.
That the mean density of the Earth should so greatly exceed that of its surface rocks naturally meant that there must be more dense material lying deeper. Hutton correctly surmised that the core material was likely metallic, and might have a density of . He estimated this metallic portion to occupy some 65% of the diameter of the Earth. With a value for the mean density of the Earth, Hutton was able to set some values to Jérôme Lalande's planetary tables, which had previously only been able to express the densities of the major solar system objects in relative terms.
Repeat experiments.
A more direct, and more accurate, measurement of the mean density of the Earth was made 24 years after Schiehallion, when in 1798 Henry Cavendish used an exquisitely sensitive torsion balance to measure the attraction between large masses of lead. Cavendish's figure of was only 1.2% from the currently accepted value of , and his result would not be significantly improved upon until 1895 by Charles Boys. The care with which Cavendish conducted the experiment and the accuracy of his result has led his name to since be associated with it.
John Playfair carried out a second survey of Schiehallion in 1811; on the basis of a rethink of its rock strata, he suggested a density of 4,560 to , though the then elderly Hutton vigorously defended the original value in an 1821 paper to the Society. Playfair's calculations had raised the density closer towards its modern value, but was still too low and significantly poorer than Cavendish's computation of some years earlier.
The Schiehallion experiment was repeated in 1856 by Henry James, director-general of the Ordnance Survey, who instead used the hill Arthur's Seat in central Edinburgh. With the resources of the Ordnance Survey at his disposal, James extended his topographical survey to a 21-kilometre radius, taking him as far as the borders of Midlothian. He obtained a density of about .
An experiment in 2005 undertook a variation of the 1774 work: instead of computing local differences in the zenith, the experiment made a very accurate comparison of the period of a pendulum at the top and bottom of Schiehallion. The period of a pendulum is a function of "g", the local gravitational acceleration. The pendulum is expected to run more slowly at altitude, but the mass of the mountain will act to reduce this difference. This experiment has the advantage of being considerably easier to conduct than the 1774 one, but to achieve the desired accuracy, it is necessary to measure the period of the pendulum to within one part in one million. This experiment yielded a value of the mass of the Earth of , corresponding to a mean density of .
A modern re-examination of the geophysical data was able to take account of factors the 1774 team could not. With the benefit of a 120-km radius digital elevation model, greatly improved knowledge of the geology of Schiehallion, and in particular a computer, a 2007 report produced a mean Earth density of . When compared to the modern figure of , it stood as a testament to the accuracy of Maskelyne's astronomical observations.
Mathematical procedure.
Consider the force diagram to the right, in which the deflection has been greatly exaggerated. The analysis has been simplified by considering the attraction on only one side of the mountain. A plumb-bob of mass  is situated a distance  from , the centre of mass of a mountain of mass  and density . It is deflected through a small angle  due to its attraction  towards and its weight  directed towards the Earth. The vector sum of and results in a tension  in the pendulum string. The Earth has a mass , radius  and a density .
The two gravitational forces on the plumb-bob are given by Newton's law of gravitation:
Where is Newton's gravitational constant. and can be eliminated by taking the ratio of to :
Where and are the volumes of the mountain and the Earth. Under static equilibrium, the horizontal and vertical components of the string tension  can be related to the gravitational forces and the deflection angle :
Substituting for :
Since , , and are all known, and and have been measured, then a value for the ratio  can be obtained:
Notes.
a. At the time, part of the Viceroyalty of Peru. Contemporary sources therefore refer to the 'Peruvian Expedition'.<br>
b. Mason, together with Jeremiah Dixon, had earlier marked the Mason–Dixon line which separated the northern and southern United States.<br>
c. These constructions are now ruined, but their remnants may still be found on the mountainside.<br>
d. This was arguably a rediscovery: Edmond Halley had plotted lines of equal magnetic variation (isogons) in 1701, and Nicholas Cruquius lines of equal depth (isobaths) in 1727.<br>
e. A value of appears in Cavendish's paper. He had however made an arithmetical error: his measurements actually led to a value of ; a discrepancy that was not found until 1821 by Francis Baily.<br>
f. Taking the volume of the Earth to be .

</doc>
<doc id="20865570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865570" title="Jalan Parit Raja Darat">
Jalan Parit Raja Darat

Jalan Parit Raja Darat (Johor state route ) is a major road in Johor, Malaysia

</doc>
<doc id="20865573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865573" title="D' Anothers">
D' Anothers

"D' Anothers" is a 2005 comedy-horror film starring Vhong Navarro and Toni Gonzaga released under Star Cinema, ABS-CBN Film Productions.
Plot summary.
The Resurreccion's ancestral mansion is believed to have a portal to the other world. Every quarter of a century, it must be opened by a chosen member of the clan, known as "The One", to enable stranded ghosts to cross over to the afterlife. With no surviving clan member opening the portal in the past 100 years, ghosts have overcrowded the now-abandoned mansion.
Hesus Resurreccion (Vhong Navarro) is about to find out that he is The One but he is afraid of ghosts. When he inherits the mansion, he wants to sell it immediately but it isn't that easy since people believe the mansion is haunted. He totally freaks out when he learns that the people he sees in the mansion are all ghosts.
Hesus has no choice but to fulfill his mission as The One. As he spends more time with the ghosts, he realizes that they are not scary at all and even enjoys their company.
In the end Hesus got the key and opened the portal

</doc>
<doc id="20865578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865578" title="John B. Mansbridge">
John B. Mansbridge

John B. Mansbridge (born March 20, 1917) was an American art director. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He won the lifetime achievement award at the Art Directors Guild in 2006.
Selected filmography.
Mansbridge was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20865582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865582" title="Red Trigger (Aka no Yuuhatsu Omoi Douki)">
Red Trigger (Aka no Yuuhatsu Omoi Douki)

'Red Trigger -Aka no Yuuhatsu Omoi Douki-' ("Red Trigger"－赤の誘発思動期－), also known as "Quantum Mechanics Rainbow VII: Red Trigger", is the twelfth solo album from Japanese musician Daisuke Asakura released on March 3, 2005. The album is the seventh and final in the Quantum Mechanics Rainbow series. The concept of this series is "one album for every rainbow color and a different Quantum Mechanics term".

</doc>
<doc id="20865592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865592" title="William Stadden">
William Stadden

William James Wood "Buller" Stadden (1861 –30 December 1906) was a Welsh international rugby union half back who played club rugby for Cardiff and Dewsbury. Stadden won eight caps for Wales over a period of seven years and is most remembered for scoring the winning try in 1890 to give Wales their first victory over England. He died in Dewsbury, in tragic circumstances.
Rugby career.
Stadden made his debut for Wales against Ireland in 1884 under the captaincy of Joe Simpson in the Home Nations Championship. Stadden scored a drop goal on his debut and along with tries from William Norton and Tom Clapp, gave Wales their first win on Welsh soil. Stadden was not selected for the next tournament, but regained his position in 1886 playing in both matches of the series against England and Scotland. Wales lost both games, but Stadden managed to score again, this time with a try, in the opening match over England.
In September 1886, Stadden, along with fellow Cardiff team-mate Angus Stuart, left Cardiff for Dewsbury in West Yorkshire, pleading that there were no employment prospects for him in Wales. Though it was later discovered that he was working for a textile company part-owned by the Dewsbury club's President. 
Staddens' last season at Cardiff was the year when, under the captaincy of Frank Hancock, Cardiff perfected the quick passing 'four three-quarter system'. The team won 26 of their 27 games and scored 131 tries whilst conceding only four. He continued to play for Wales and for Yorkshire. He was the first Welsh player to be bought by an English club and he evolved into a star player in Yorkshire, which was the best team in England at the time.
Stadden's next two matches for Wales were against Ireland as part of the 1887 Championship, partnered with John Goulstone Lewis, and Scotland in 1888 with Cardiff team-mate Jem Evans; both were Welsh wins. Towards the end of 1888, Wales hosted their first oversea's tourists when the New Zealand Native team visited Britain. Under the captaincy of Frank Hill, Stadden partnered Charlie Thomas in a Welsh win over the Māori team. Stadden's last games for Wales both came in the 1890 Home Nations Championship, the first was a loss to Scotland at the Cardiff Arms Park, the second was Wales' first ever win over England. Stadden was the Welsh hero of the match after scoring the only point of the game played in England at Dewsbury. Early in the second half, Stadden took a line out and motioned that he was going to throw the ball long. The Welsh and England lines both shuffled back expecting a long throw, for Stadden to bounce the ball into the ground close to his feet, regathering the ball he rushed passed two defending players to score the winning try. Bouncing the ball from the line out was banned under IRB rules in 1906.
International games played.
Wales
Change of Code.
When Dewsbury converted from the rugby union code to the rugby league code on 3 September 1898, William Stadden would have been approximately 37 years of age. Consequently, he may have been both a rugby union and rugby league footballer for Dewsbury.
Personal life.
Tragically, on Christmas night 1906 Stadden strangled his wife in their bed. Then, with five children and a lodger asleep on the premises, he attempted to slash his own throat before surrendering to the police. He died three days later. He is buried in an unmarked grave in Dewsbury Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20865610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865610" title="Mariano Crociata">
Mariano Crociata

Mariano Crociata (born 16 March 1953) has been bishop of the Diocese of Latina-Terracina-Sezze-Priverno since 19 November 2013. He was previously the Secretary-General of the Italian Episcopal Conference (CEI), the first to come from a southern Italian diocese, and earlier served as Bishop of Noto.
Early life and ordination.
Born in Castelvetrano, Province of Trapani, Sicily, Crociata was ordained as a priest in 1979. He studied philosophy and theology at the Almo Collegio Capranica. He graduated from the Pontifical Gregorian University of Rome, where he was awarded a doctorate in theology in 1987 on "Humanism and theology in Augustine Steuco" for the kinds of New Town in 1987
Church scholar and pastor.
Crociata ran the theology of religions department at Palermo's Theological School and has organised a number of conferences including many on Islam. From 2003 he was vicar general of the Diocese of Mazara del Vallo.
Bishop.
On 16 July 2007 Pope Benedict XVI appointed him Bishop of Noto.
Upon his election as pope, Pope Francis did not confirm Crociata is his CEI post and instead named him bishop of Latina-Terracina-Sezze-Priverno. In doing so, Francis returned to the practice of the early years of the CEI under Paul VI, when the position of Secretary-General was not a stepping stone to a major diocese and eventual appointment as cardinal. 

</doc>
<doc id="20865639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865639" title="Setsuko Yoshida">
Setsuko Yoshida

She was born in Aichi Prefecture.
In 1968 she was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. She played six matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20865646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865646" title="Continental IO-550">
Continental IO-550

The Continental IO-550 engine is a large family of fuel injected six-cylinder, horizontally opposed, air-cooled aircraft engines that were developed for use in light aircraft by Teledyne Continental Motors. The first IO-550 was delivered in 1983 and the type remains in production.
The IOF-550 is an Aerosance FADEC equipped version of the same basic engine, the TSIO-550 is a dual turbocharged version and the TSIOL-550 is a liquid-cooled variant.
There is no O-550 engine, which would be a carburetor-equipped variant, hence the base model is the IO-550.
This engine family competes with the Lycoming IO-580 series which are also six-cylinder engines with similar power output and weight.
Design and development.
The IO-550 family of engines was developed from the IO-520 series, with the stroke increased from 4.00 to 4.25 inches, increasing the displacement to 552 in³ (9.05 l). The engine family covers a power range from to .
The engines were first developed in the early 1980s and first certified on a regulatory basis of FAR 33, 1 February 1965 amendment, 33-8, 2 May 1977. The first IO-550 model was certified on 13 October 1983.
Specifications (IO-550-A).
Reference: "Type Certificate Data Sheet E3SO"

</doc>
<doc id="20865664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865664" title="Füreya Koral">
Füreya Koral

Füreya Koral (12, June 1910 – 26, August 1997) was one of the first female Turkish ceramists whose work blended the elements of Islamic and Western art from the East with abstract and other influences from the West. She worked in a variety of media such as tiles, statuettes and panels.
Early life.
Füreya Koral was born in Istanbul. Her father was Emin Paşa, who was an important soldier and statesman in the Ottoman Empire. Her mother was Hakkiye Hanım who was an educated woman but never attended a school. Like her aunts Fahrelnissa Zeid, Aliye Berger, Ayşe Erdem and her uncle Cevat Şakir Kabaağaçlı, Füreya was keen on music (especially piano and violin), painting and literature. She took her first violin lessons from Charles Berger who was going to be her aunt Aliye's husband. When she was 9, she was able to speak French like her mother tongue like the other members of her family. 
She graduated from Notre Dame de Sion High School for Girls in 1927. Afterwards, she studied philosophy in Istanbul University. 
During her first marriage in Bursa, she aborted twice. She decided to end her marriage though she loved her husband. She married Kılıç Ali, who was a close friend of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk whom she had a love at first sight when she was 9. She moved to Ankara. During her marriage, she had a serious tuberculosis.
She was hospitalized in Leysen, Switzerland. When she was in sanatorium, her aunt Fahrelnissa Zeid sent her artific materials from London. It was the first step to meet her with ceramic.
Exhibitions.
She had 32 expositions in several countries, including those in galleries such as Salon D'Octobre in Paris, Museum of Modern Arts in Ciudad de Mexico, Napstkovo Muzeum in Prague, Smitshonian Institute in Washington, D.C., and as well as various art galleries in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20865666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865666" title="Suzue Takayama">
Suzue Takayama

She was born in Osaka Prefecture.
In 1968, she was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. She played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20865689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865689" title="Toyoko Iwahara">
Toyoko Iwahara

, is a female Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
In 1968 she was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. She played all seven matches.
Four years later she won her second Olympic silver medal with the Japanese team. She played one match.

</doc>
<doc id="20865712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865712" title="Alfred Stratford">
Alfred Stratford

Alfred Hugh Stratford (5 September 1853 – 2 May 1914) was an English sportsman who played first-class cricket for Middlesex and represented the England national football team.
Stratford was at Middlesex from 1877 to 1880, during which time he also played first-class cricket with the Marylebone Cricket Club. A Malvern College graduate, he was a slow right-arm bowler and capable lower order batsman. His best performance came in 1878 when he took 12 wickets for Middlesex against Surrey at Kennington Oval. He collected 6 for 41 in the first innings and 6 for 113 in the second, dismissing England Test opener Harry Jupp in both.
At football, as a defender, Stratford appeared in his only international in a 2–1 loss to Scotland in 1874. He was a member of three FA Cup winning teams, all with the Wanderers and in successive years from 1876 to 1878.
After moving to America, Stratford continued playing cricket, with Winnipeg, Pittsburgh, New York and Newark.
In 1884, four years since his last first-class appearance, Stratford played beside his brother Frederick in a first-class match for the United States of America against the Gentlemen of Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="20865713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865713" title="Milan Gajić (footballer)">
Milan Gajić (footballer)

Milan Gajić (Serbian Cyrillic: Mилaн Гajић ; born 17 November 1986 in Kruševac) is a Serbian footballer who plays for BSC Young Boys in the Swiss Super League.
He signed a 1+2 year contract with FC Lucerne in July 2008, but moved to FC Zürich on May 5, 2009, inking a four year contract. He had previously played with FK Napredak Kruševac and Portuguese Boavista F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="20865719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865719" title="La La Land">
La La Land

La La Land may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20865723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865723" title="Andrew Stone">
Andrew Stone

Andrew Stone may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20865725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865725" title="Reine Hibiki">
Reine Hibiki

Works.
Light novels.
Hibiki is co-creator of the light novel series . The series originated in 2006 as a dōjinshi project by the circle MAGIXX, with related goods sold at that summer's Comic Market. However, by 2007 it had become a commercial publication by Shueisha. The novels' co-author is from MAGIXX.
As of May 2009, four volumes of the light novel have been published in Japan:
Shueisha has also released one drama CD for the series:
Dōjinshi.
From 1994 to 1996 Hibiki was a member of the dōjinshi circle IN-FECT with , who went on to become illustrator of the Hakushaku to Yōsei light novels. From 1997 onwards Hibiki has published dōjinshi through her own circle Russian Blue. Early Russian Blue works were often collaborations with other artists and based on Final Fantasy characters. More recent works include the "True Colors" series of rough illustrations, which are sold at each Comic Market.

</doc>
<doc id="20865727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865727" title="Peter Howitt (set decorator)">
Peter Howitt (set decorator)

Peter Howitt (born 1928) is an English set decorator. He has been nominated for four Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Howitt has been nominated for four Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20865738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865738" title="Derrick Rose">
Derrick Rose

Derrick Martell Rose (born October 4, 1988) is an American professional basketball player for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Born in Chicago, Rose learned the game of basketball from his three older brothers. In high school, he won two state championships and was rated by scouts as the top point guard prospect in the country after graduation. He played for the University of Memphis Tigers and reached the NCAA national championship game in 2008. Shortly after, Rose declared for the 2008 NBA Draft and was selected first overall by the Chicago Bulls. In his first year of professional basketball, Rose was voted the Rookie of the Year and was selected to the All-Rookie Team. In his second season, Rose was selected as an NBA All-Star for the 2010 NBA All-Star Game; he was also named a starter for the U.S. team at the 2010 FIBA World Championships. In 2011, he received the NBA Most Valuable Player Award, becoming the youngest player ever to win this award (age 22). He also joined Michael Jordan as the only Chicago Bulls to ever win the honor of NBA MVP.
In 2009, an NCAA investigation revealed that Rose's SAT scores had been invalidated, making him retroactively ineligible to play for Memphis. As a result, the NCAA vacated Memphis's entire 2007–08 season.
Early life.
Derrick Rose was born and raised in the Englewood area, one of the most dangerous neighborhoods on Chicago's South Side. He was Brenda Rose's fourth son after Dwayne, Reggie and Allan, but the first in seven years. All three were talented basketball players who taught Rose the in and outs of basketball on nearby courts. As his talent for the sport grew, Rose began to attract much more outside attention in Chicago's basketball circles, leading his mother and brothers to restrict outside contact to him. She feared his road to the NBA would be exploited and derailed by outside parties like street agents, similar to what happened to former Chicago prospect Ronnie Fields.
High school.
By the time Rose enrolled at Simeon Career Academy in 2003, he was a hot commodity for collegiate coaches. Despite his reputation, he played freshmen and JV basketball for the Wolverines. He wore No. 25 in honor of Ben "Benji" Wilson, a promising player who was murdered by a gang member during his senior year in 1984. Rose was not allowed on varsity due to a long-standing tradition that head coach Bob Hambric, who had been with the school since 1980 had: no freshman on the varsity team. That rule did not lessen Rose's play and he went on to put up 18.5 points, 6.6 assists, 4.7 rebounds and 2.1 steals per game and led both the freshmen and sophomores to city championships with a 24–1 record. Hambric softened his stance and allowed the freshman a chance to play on varsity in the state tournament, but Rose declined, wanting the players to get due credit. The next year Hambric retired and Robert Smith was hired, opening the path to varsity. In Rose's debut, he had 22 points, 7 rebounds and 5 steals over Thornwood High School in a sold-out game filled with college scouts and coaches. He led the Wolverines to a 30–5 mark while averaging 19.8 points, 5.1 rebounds, 8.3 assists and 2.4 steals but the season ended after a loss in state regionals. Rose's play garnered him his first national award: a "Parade" Third Team All-American spot.
During Rose's junior year in 2006, the Simeon Wolverines broke through and won the Chicago Public League championship held at the United Center where Rose starred with 25 points and crowd pleasing dunks. The team advanced through the playoffs and earned a berth in the Class AA state championship against Richwoods High School, where a fourth quarter buzzer beater by Richwood forced overtime. The score was knotted at 29 late in the extra period when Rose stole the ball and buried the game winning jumper as time expired, giving Simeon its first state title since the Wilson-led Wolverines won in 1984. The team finished 33–4, nationally ranked and Rose was awarded with an All-State Illinois mention, EA Sports All-American Second Team pick and another "Parade" All-American selection.
Entering his senior year, Rose was ranked the fifth best prospect in the nation by "Sports Illustrated". In January 2007, Simeon traveled to Madison Square Garden in January 2007 to play Rice High School and star guard Kemba Walker. The Wolverines, however, lost 53–51. The season's highlight was a nationally televised contest on ESPN against Virginia perennial power Oak Hill Academy two weeks later. Matched up with hyped junior guard Brandon Jennings, Rose had 28 points, 9 assists, and 8 rebounds and held Jennings scoreless in the first three quarters, 17 overall in a 78–75 win. For his performance, "USA Today" named him their high school player of the week. Simeon went on to repeat as Public League champions and defended their state championship, defeating O'Fallon High School 77–54. In doing so, Simeon became the first Chicago Public League school to win two straight state championships. In his final high school game, Rose scored 2 points, but pulled down 7 rebounds and totaled 8 assists, while, Simeon big man Tim Flowers scored 35 points. The Wolverines ended the season 33–2 and ranked first in the nation by "Sports Illustrated" and 6th on "USA Today"'s Super 25. Rose averaged 25.2 points, 9.1 assists, 8.8 rebounds and 3.4 steals.
Overall, Simeon's record while Rose played was 120–12. After his senior year, Rose was again All-State after being named Illinois Mr. Basketball and was named to the McDonald's All-American team. He was also awarded with First Team honors by "Parade" selection and "USA Today" and "USA Today" First Team All-American.
Rose was selected to play in the Jordan Brand All-Star Game and Nike Hoop Summit. In 2009, Rose was named the decade's third greatest high school point guard by "ESPN RISE" magazine behind Chris Paul and T.J. Ford, and had his jersey number (#25) retired along with Ben Wilson.
High school statistics.
(*) – Non–varsity season
College.
Rose accepted a scholarship to play for the University of Memphis Tigers under John Calipari, who recruited him after seeing him play in an AAU game. Strong efforts were made by Indiana University and in-state University of Illinois to sign Rose to their own programs. Illinois in particular planned to pair Rose and their five-star recruit Eric Gordon, who had played AAU basketball with Rose. Gordon, however, retracted his verbal commitment from the Fighting Illini, opting to play for Indiana, and Rose subsequently gave his verbal commitment before the start of his senior season. Rose chose Memphis because of the school's history of putting players in the NBA and the prospect of Rod Strickland, a 17-year veteran of the league, mentoring him. Rose switched to #23, due to the fact that #25 had been retired by the school in honor of Penny Hardaway.
With the addition of Rose and led by veteran upperclassmen Joey Dorsey and Chris Douglas-Roberts, the Tigers started out the season ranked third in the nation. Memphis sprinted to a 26–0 start and claimed the number one ranking in the country for the first time in over 25 years before falling to the University of Tennessee Volunteers 66–62 in February. Memphis was able to bounce back and capture the Conference USA Tournament to qualify for the "Big Dance" with a 33–1 record. Rose averaged 14.9 points per game, 4.7 assists and 4.5 rebounds per game during the regular season and earned All-American Third Team honors among others. He finished as a finalist for the Bob Cousy Award as well as the John R. Wooden Award.
Memphis was seeded No. 1 in the South Region. Rose earned high praise for his increased focus on defense, hounding Texas Longhorn guard D.J. Augustin into a low-percentage game in the Elite Eight. In a match-up against the UCLA in the Final Four, Rose finished with 25 points and 9 rebounds while putting pressure on Bruins' point Darren Collison to lead the Tigers to the NCAA championship game against the Kansas Jayhawks with an 85–67 victory. The win set a NCAA mark for most wins in a season (38). Against Kansas, Rose scored 17 points on 7–17 shooting, with six rebounds and seven assists, but missed a critical free throw at the end of the second half, as Memphis fell in overtime, 75–68. Memphis concluded the season 38–2. Rose was named to the All-Final Four team after averaging 20.8 points, 6.5 rebounds and 6 assists during the tourney.
On April 15, Rose declared for the 2008 NBA Draft.
Grading controversy.
According to the University of Memphis' legal counsel Sheri Lipman, a month after the loss to Kansas, the NCAA sent a letter to the school stating that Rose had "an invalidated standardized test score the previous year at Chicago's Simeon High School". The next January, the NCAA sent another letter, charging Memphis with knowing that Rose had someone else take his SAT for him. Memphis started its own investigation and sent its response back on April 24.
On May 28, the "Memphis Commercial Appeal" obtained the letter through the Freedom of Information Act and released it. Although the player's name was redacted due to privacy laws, process of elimination and sources revealed the player as Derrick Rose. The next day, in a separate investigation, James Sullivan, Inspector General of the Chicago Public Schools district's Board of Education, released a report of his investigation stating that four student-athletes of a CPS school had one-month grade boosts to alter their college transcripts. The "Chicago Sun-Times" revealed the school as Simeon Career Academy and that three of the four were Rose and his former teammates Kevin Johnson and Tim Flowers, prominent members of the back-to-back championship teams. The newspaper claimed that Rose's grade was changed from a D to a C. Another part of the report stated that "high school staff lost the original permanent records for three of the above mentioned students athletes" (including the unknown four). Sullivan started the investigation because "none of the grade changes were supported by any documentation”. He also failed to find a suspect as "at least seven people at Simeon had the ability to access student grades and records". Illinois High School Association (IHSA) executive director Marty Hickman reacted by saying, "It is obvious that this is worth taking a look into". Robert Smith, who coached the Wolverines from 2004 to 2007, denied any wrongdoing. District spokeswoman Monique Bond said the students involved probably did not know about the grade change.
Allegations surfaced that Rose's brother, Reggie, had been allowed to travel with the team for free on several occasions.
Memphis contended that it had learned of the allegations about Rose's SAT score shortly after he enrolled at the school. It conducted its own investigation, in which Rose was questioned by four school officials. Ultimately, Memphis was unable to find any evidence that Rose had cheated based on what was available at the time, and cleared him to play.
Rose released a statement through his lawyer Daniel E. Reidy: "Mr. Rose is aware of the allegations reported in the press. Mr. Rose cooperated fully with the University of Memphis' athletic and legal departments’ investigation of this issue when he was a student, and that investigation uncovered no wrongdoing on his part."
On August 20, the NCAA vacated Memphis' 2007–08 season. It took the line that even though Rose's score had not been thrown out until after the season, strict liability required that he be declared ineligible. It also determined that even without the questions about his test score, Rose would have lost his eligibility in December 2007 due to Reggie being allowed to travel for free.
College statistics.
Note: college statistics are unofficial, as Rose's achievements have officially been stricken from Memphis's record books.
NBA career.
Chicago Bulls (2008–present).
2008–09 season: Rookie of the Year season.
Rose was selected first overall in the draft by the Chicago Bulls, although Chicago had only a 1.7% chance of capturing the top pick in the draft lottery held that past May. He was selected to the U.S. Select Team to scrimmage against and prepare the National Team for the Olympics in Beijing. In mid-July, he played two games in the Orlando Pro Summer League until forced out by tendinitis in his right knee, ending his summer, but returned in October to play all eight preseason games.
Rose became the first Bulls draftee to score 10 points or more in his first 10 games since Michael Jordan, and earned Eastern Conference Rookie of the Month honors for November and December. During the All-Star Weekend, Rose played in the Rookie Challenge, and won the Skills Challenge, where he beat out several All-Stars to become the first rookie to claim the trophy. Overcoming a January and February slump, Rose returned to form and won monthly rookie honors in March. Meanwhile, the Bulls, re-energized by the trade deadline acquisitions of John Salmons and Brad Miller, finished the regular season on a 12–4 spurt to qualify as the seventh seed in the Eastern Conference. Rose, by virtue of winning Rookie of the Year, joined Michael Jordan (1985) and Elton Brand (2000) as the only Bulls to do so. He was also the first number-one draft pick since LeBron James to win the award. He averaged 16.8 points on 47.5% field goal shooting, 6.3 assists (leading all rookies) and 3.9 rebounds per game and was also named to the NBA All-Rookie First Team.
In his playoff debut against the defending champion Boston Celtics, Rose recorded 36 points (tying Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's NBA record for points scored by a rookie in his playoff debut set 1970), 11 assists, and 4 rebounds as the Bulls prevailed in a 105–103 overtime win on the road. Rose became the second player in NBA history to record 35 points and 10 assists in his playoff debut, after Chris Paul. Rose averaged 19.7 points on 47.5% shooting, 6.3 assists and 4.9 rebounds per game in his playoff debut, as the Bulls were defeated by the Celtics in seven games.
2009–10 season: First All-Star season.
Rose's sophomore season started off with an ankle injury in his first preseason game. Rose would go on to miss the rest of the preseason. Rose started the Bulls' season opener against the San Antonio Spurs but played limited minutes. Rose's ankle bothered him for most of November, but as his ankle healed, his game improved. On January 28, 2010, Rose was elected to his first career All-Star Game as a reserve for the Eastern Conference, making him the first Bulls player to be selected since Michael Jordan in 1998. Rose ended up with eight points, four assists and three steals in the game. The Bulls once again made the playoffs in the 2009–10 season, finishing with a 41–41 record. In the playoffs Rose averaged 26.8 points and 7.2 assists, but the Bulls lost in five games to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
On April 13, 2010, Rose scored 39 points against the Celtics, making 15–22 field goals, and 9–10 free throws.
According to a January 2010 report by ESPN, Rose had the fourth best selling jersey in the league.
2010–11 season: MVP season.
On October 30, 2010, in the Bulls' second game of the season, Rose scored 39 points in a 101–91 win against the Detroit Pistons. Two days after, Rose contributed 13 assists, helping Luol Deng score a career high 40 points in a win against the Portland Trail Blazers. On December 10, Rose scored 29 points and had 9 assists, leading the Bulls to their first victory over the Los Angeles Lakers since December 19, 2006.
On January 17, 2011, Rose finished with 22 points, 10 rebounds, and 12 assists recording his first career triple-double against the Memphis Grizzlies. On January 27, he was announced as a starting guard on the 2011 NBA All-Star Team for the East squad.
On February 17, in the Bulls' last game before the All-Star break, Rose set a regular-season career high with 42 points, while also recording 8 assists and 5 rebounds, as the Bulls beat the San Antonio Spurs 109–99. On March 26, Rose had a career high 17 assists, along with 30 points, in a 95–87 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks.
At the end of the 2010–11 NBA season the Bulls finished with a league leading record of 62–20. Their 60+ wins was the Bulls' first such season since 1997–98 and sixth 60+ win in franchise history. At season's end, Rose became only the third player in the past thirty years of the NBA to record 2,000 points and 600 assists in a single season. The other two players were LeBron James and Michael Jordan.
On May 3, Rose, at the age of 22, was named the NBA Most Valuable Player, surpassing Wes Unseld as the youngest player in league history to receive the award (Unseld won the award during the 1968-69 NBA season at age 23). Rose joined Michael Jordan as the only players to receive the award in Chicago Bulls history.
In the 2011 NBA Playoffs, the Bulls defeated the Indiana Pacers and Atlanta Hawks in the first two rounds. In the Eastern Conference Finals, the Bulls faced the Miami Heat, led by LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh. The Bulls lost the series in five games. During the 2011 playoffs, Rose averaged 27.1 points per game, but only shot 39% from the field and 24% for three-pointers.
2011–12 season: Injury-plagued season.
In December 2011, Rose signed a five-year contract extension with the Bulls for $94.8 million. The contract was 30 percent of the Bulls' salary cap, the maximum allowed under a rule dubbed the "Derrick Rose Rule" from the 2011 NBA Collective Bargaining Agreement.
Rose was voted as an All-Star Game starter for the second consecutive year. He was the second leading vote getter behind Orlando Magic center Dwight Howard. He averaged 21.8 ppg, along with a career high 7.9 apg in 35.3 mpg, but played a career low 39 games due to injuries. He helped Luol Deng become an All-Star for the first time in his career.
During Game 1 of the first round of the playoffs against the Philadelphia 76ers, Rose injured his left knee while trying to jump. He was immediately helped off the court. The injury occurred when the Bulls were leading by 12 points with 1:22 left to play. Rose came up just short of a triple-double, finishing with 23 points, 9 assists, and 9 rebounds in 37 minutes of action. An MRI later revealed that Rose tore the ACL in his left knee and would miss the rest of the season. Rose had surgery performed on May 12, 2012, with an estimated recovery period of 8–12 months.
2012–13 season: Injured season.
Rose returned to full contact practice in January 2013, and was cleared by doctor to play that March, but he did not appear in a game during the 2012–13 NBA season. Despite Rose's absence, the Bulls advanced to the Eastern Conference Semifinals, where they lost to the eventual champions, the Miami Heat.
2013–14 season: Return, out again.
Rose's much awaited return came on October 5, 2013, in a pre-season game against the Indiana Pacers. He had a slow start but scored his first point in the first quarter. He finished the game with 13 points in 20 minutes of play. On October 16, 2013, Rose returned to play in Chicago for the first time, scoring 22 points against the Detroit Pistons. "I think I'm way more explosive now. Like getting to the rim. I think I can take contact a little bit better. And as far as jumping-wise, I think I can jump even higher. They tested my vertical -- I increased it by 5 inches," Rose said after the win. During the pre-season, Rose averaged 20.7 points and 5 assists.
His first official game was in 107–95 loss against the defending champions Miami Heat on October 29. Rose was limited to 12 points, while having 4 assists in 34 minutes of play. He played his usual minutes, but was inefficient from the field, shooting 4–15. Two days later, he played his first official home game against the New York Knicks where he hit the game-winning floater in an 82–81 win. He had 18 points, 6 rebounds and 3 assists. On November 3, 2013, Rose scored 13 points and committed 8 turnovers in the loss against the Philadelphia 76ers. He struggled in his return, shooting 28.8% from the field and averaging 5.7 turnovers in his first three games.
On November 22, Rose injured his right knee during a game against the Portland Trail Blazers. An MRI the next day confirmed that Rose tore his right knee meniscus and that surgery was required. At the time, Rose was averaging 15.9 points and 4.3 assists in 31.1 minutes per game. On November 25, Rose underwent surgery on the torn meniscus in his right knee. The same day, the Bulls announced Rose was out for the season, after a successful surgery.
Player profile.
Standing at 6 feet 3 inches (1.91 m), Rose is a point guard. Rose has established himself as an elite athlete who is extremely strong and fast. He is a slasher who constantly attacks the basket and finishes in traffic which contributes to his career average of 21 points per game. Rose is known for his ability to convert difficult layups. Rose's excellent body control and the ability to change direction extremely well contribute to his ability to get to the rim. Rose is at his best in the full court set because of his athleticism. He can initiate the pick and roll at an elite level, contributing to his career average of 6.8 assists per game. Throughout his first two seasons the main weakness cited in Rose's ability was his three point range; he averaged only .242 on three-point field goals throughout his first two seasons. Rose greatly improved his three point range in his third season (his MVP season). He averaged .332 on three-point field goals and made 128 three-pointers in that season alone. During the off-season, during which he worked on his three-point shot, Rose said, "It's there; I have a consistent 3-point shot now." He added in another interview, "You'll see. I just have so much confidence in my jump shot now. It's coming along so good. It's past even my expectations at this point."
Off the court.
Personal life.
On October 9, 2012, Rose's girlfriend, Mieka Reese, gave birth to their son, Derrick, Jr.
Rose is a Christian. Rose has spoken about his faith saying, "... God does everything for a reason." Rose wears a wristband that says "In Jesus Name I Play" and has several tattoos about his faith. 
Endorsements.
After being drafted by the Bulls in 2008, Rose signed a shoe deal with Adidas for $1 million per year. He has also signed with Wilson Sporting Goods. Other endorsement deals include Skullcandy headphones, Powerade, Force Factor sports drinks and a suburban Chicago Nissan dealership. His agent is former Bulls guard B. J. Armstrong.
Rose was announced as the cover athlete for the 2K Sports Downloadable Content game, "NBA 2K10 Draft Combine", which was released on Xbox Live Arcade for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation Network for the PlayStation 3.
In 2011, Rose was estimated by "Crain's Chicago Business" to earn $1.5–$2.5 million annually in endorsements, ranking just outside the top 10 NBA players in that category. In December 2011, it was reported that Rose was nearing a contract extension with Adidas, worth $250 million over 10 years.
In 2012, Rose became a part-owner and spokesman for the Chicago-based Giordano's Pizzeria.
On June 26, 2012 it was announced that Rose would appear on the cover of NBA 2K13, along with fellow NBA players Kevin Durant and Blake Griffin.
Media.
In 2012, while recovering from injury, Derrick Rose launched a Twitter account. Derrick Rose and "The Rose Family" teamed up with ADIDAS to launch a viral marketing campaign on his rehab from injury entitled "The Return of Derrick Rose".

</doc>
<doc id="20865751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865751" title="Yukiyo Kojima">
Yukiyo Kojima

In 1968 she was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. She played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20865760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865760" title="2002 Monte Carlo Masters – Singles">
2002 Monte Carlo Masters – Singles

Gustavo Kuerten was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Juan Carlos Ferrero won in the final 7–5, 6–3, 6–4 against Carlos Moyá.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20865764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865764" title="Gay Anthems">
Gay Anthems

Gay Anthems is a series of compilation albums which have been released by Almighty Records around the world with the first release in 2006. The albums feature tracks which the label feels are Gay anthems and are aimed at the gay market.
Production and Promotion.
The album and its promotion was made possible by the deal made between the record label, Almighty Records and Universal Music. The deal between the two businesses meant that Almighty would remix some of the material Universal was due to release as promotional material for DJs and therefore increase the awareness of songs and bring them to a wider audience and thus hope to increase sales. In return Almighty would get increased exposure for their own productions which meant CDs would be made available at high street retail chains such as HMV and Zavvi for the first time, as well as music downloads on iTunes.
Albums.
To date there have been three albums released in the series with the last two being released in 2008. All three albums feature two discs with the second being a "drive-time" non-stop mix of all the tracks on disc one.

</doc>
<doc id="20865769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865769" title="Sachiko Fukunaka">
Sachiko Fukunaka

She was born in Chiba Prefecture.
In 1968 she was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. She played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20865785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865785" title="Willard Rouse Jillson">
Willard Rouse Jillson

Willard Rouse Jillson (May 28, 1890 – October 4, 1975) was a Kentucky historian academic, and geologist who authored numerous books on Kentucky politicians and geology matters pertaining to the State.
Jillson taught geology in Lexington at the University of Kentucky in 1918 and later at Transylvania University in 1947. He served in various government positions, notably as Kentucky State Geologist and director of the Sixth Kentucky Geological Survey. 
He died in 1975 and was buried in the Frankfort Cemetery in Frankfort, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="20865787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865787" title="Kunie Shishikura">
Kunie Shishikura

She was born in Chiba Prefecture.
In 1968 she was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. She played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20865810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865810" title="2008 Speedway World Cup Race-off">
2008 Speedway World Cup Race-off

The 2008 Speedway World Cup Race-off was the third race of the 2008 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on July 17, 2008 in the Speedway Center in Vojens, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20865813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865813" title="Setsuko Inoue">
Setsuko Inoue

She was born in Kanagawa Prefecture.
In 1968 she was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. She played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20865820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865820" title="Danish television drama">
Danish television drama

Danish television dramas have represented an important and popular aspect of Danish television, especially since the 1970s. One of the most successful drama series was "Matador" (1978) which has been frequently rebroadcast and released on DVD.
For many years Danish television drama had a 'Matador complex'. Every new drama series would be marketed as "the new Matador" – only to be found not to measure up afterwards by critics as well as the general public.
Since the late 1990s, Danish television has once again enjoyed increasing success with a large number of drama series. Often aired in primetime on Sunday evenings, they have generally drawn large audiences, received very good reviews and several have earned international awards. The Danish Broadcasting Corporation, DR (previously known as Danmarks Radio), has won four Emmy Awards for Best international drama series netween 2002 and 2009, breaking a former UK monopoly in that category, and a fifth Emmy in the Best international TV Movie/Mini Series category.
Danish film directors as well the Danish Film Institute have warned that the growth in television drama drains the Danish film industry of talent, particularly scriptwriters. They maintain that film producers operate on market conditions while particularly DR, funded by a broadcast receiving licence fee, is able to pay better salaries. The television stations are also able to offer longer contracts and more responsibility.

</doc>
<doc id="20865822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865822" title="Foel y Geifr">
Foel y Geifr

Foel y Geifr is a subsidiary summit of Esgeiriau Gwynion, and included in a group of hills known as the Hirnantau. These hills rise from the south east shores of Llyn Tegid. Confusion arises when trying to establish to which mountain range these belong to. Since, Foel y Geifr forms part of the Hirnant horseshoe, many consider it to be a Berwyn peak. However, geographically it belong to the Aran Fawddwy group, its parent peak being Esgeiriau Gwynion. It is the eastern outpost of the Arans.
The summit is grassy and has a trig point, while the terrain surrounding the summit is heathery and boggy. The summit is the highest in a ridge that forms the western backwall of Cwm Hirnant. Two other summit lie along the ridge: Trum y Gwragedd and the Hewitt Foel Goch (Hirnant). To the south-west lies Moel y Cerrig Duon, to the east lies Pen y Boncyn Trefeilw and Cyrniau Nod. 

</doc>
<doc id="20865848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865848" title="SS Empire Amethyst">
SS Empire Amethyst

Empire Amethyst was a 8,032 ton tanker which was built in 1941. She was torpedoed and sunk by on 13 April 1942.
History.
"Empire Amethyst" was built by the Furness Shipbuilding Co Ltd, Haverton Hill-on-Tees as yard number 330. She was launched on 8 July 1941 and completed in December 1941. "Empire Amethyst" was built for the Ministry of War Transport and operated under the management of the Hadley Shipping Co Ltd, Middlesbrough. "Empire Amethyst" was homeported in Middlesbrough.
"Empire Amethyst" was a member of a number of convoys during the Second World War.
Convoy ON 17 sailed from Liverpool on 17 September 1941 and Loch Ewe on 19 September. The convoy dispersed on 29 September.
On 23 January 1942, "Empire Amethyst" picked up five survivors from the Norwegian SS "Innerøy", which had been torpedoed and sunk by "U-553". The survivors were taken to Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Convoy HX 173 sailed from Halifax for Liverpool on 1 February 1942, arriving on 14 February.
Convoy OS 21 sailed from Liverpool on 4 March 1942 and arrived at Freetown, Sierra Leone on 24 March. "Empire Amethyst" was in ballast, having discharged her cargo at Milford Haven. She had to call at Belfast to allow a crew member to be discharged through illness and a replacement to be taken on board. On reaching Freetown, "Empire Amethyst" sailed for New Orleans.
Final voyage and sinking.
In mid-April 1942, "Empire Amethyst" left New Orleans bound for Freetown carrying a cargo of 12,000 tons of motor spirit. Her intended route took her via the Lesser Antilles and then across the Atlantic to Freetown.
"Empire Amethyst" was spotted by the crew of "U-154" on 12 April 1942. The U-boat captain, Walther Kölle, believed that she was being escorted by and did not attack.
At 03:02 hrs "Empire Amethyst" received a distress call from the American SS "Delvalla" which had been torpedoed by "U-154" and was sinking. "Prince Henry" headed for the reported position of the "Delvalla" and a Catalina aircraft was despatched. The survivors were taken aboard "Prince Henry".
"U-154" spotted "Empire Amethyst" again at 11:42 hrs; she was again under escort by "Prince Henry" but at 16:00 hrs the escort had been lost. As he was short of torpedoes, Kapitän Kölle decided to attack from the surface. The chase began at 20:00 hrs with "Empire Amethyst" zig-zagging but generally following a heading of 110° towards Trinidad. "Empire Amethyst" managed to lose her pursuer at 00:24 on 13 April by making a sharp turn. At 01:27 hrs, Kölle ordered his engines stopped to try to ascertain where "Empire Amethyst" was. Kölle decided to head in the direction that "Empire Amethyst" was generally heading and by 04:30 had found her again. At 05:52, Kölle aimed the first of two torpedoes at "Empire Amethyst", which hit under the bridge. The second exploded forward of the engine room and she exploded in a mass of flames that were visible from away. "Empire Amethyst" sank with the loss of all 47 crew at .
The crew of "Empire Amethyst" are commemorated on the Tower Hill Memorial.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Empire Amethyst" had the UK official number 164848 and used the Code Letters BCPL.

</doc>
<doc id="20865849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865849" title="Don Stitt">
Don Stitt

Don Stitt (born 1956) is an actor and playwright who has been featured in four Broadway musicals, appeared 20 times on the Late Show with David Letterman, and starred in countless commercials.
Stitt graduated from Carlmont High (1973) and attended San Francisco State University (1977), in 2007 he received his MFA in professional writing from Western Connecticut State University. 
Born January 25, 1956 in Stamford, Connecticut, Stitt had an early fascination with magic and magicians. A visit to the Society of American Magicians convention in 1965 resulted in his first paid, professional booking as a Dutch boy doll in "The Magical Spirit of Christmas", a musical presented by The Manhattan Savings Bank, which starred legendary magician and author, Milbourne Christopher.
In 1968, he did a radio commercial for "Teen" magazine, for which he also wrote the ad copy.
At San Francisco State University, Stitt wrote, directed, choreographed, and scored several full-length musicals. One of them, "A Kid's Summer Night's Dream", was produced professionally in New York in 1979 and was revived in Minnesota in 2006, where it won 6 awards. 
When he was 20, Stitt became the first full-time replacement in the long-running musical, Beach Blanket Babylon.
A year later, he became a member of Actors' Equity Association as a cast member of The Great American Backstage Musical.
In 1978, Stitt created, coauthored, codirected, and choreographed "Irving Berlin in Revue" which would run for two years at the Chi Chi Theatre Club in San Francisco's North Beach district, and which was revived in 1993.
Stitt was featured in the original Broadway casts of Do Black Patent Leather Shoes Really Reflect Up?, Late Nite Comic, and . He also appeared as Marcus Lycus in the 1996 Broadway revival of A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum, replacing Ernie Sabella. 
He toured nationally in Cole Porter's Can-Can with Chita Rivera and The Rockettes for over a year. 
In 2007, Stitt received an MFA in playwriting from Western Connecticut State University.
The same year, he presented his autobiographical solo-piece, "The Voices in my Head Have Formed a Choir and Somebody's Singing Flat!" at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
He won an AWP award for his poem, "Ode to Bobby", in 2005. He was also honored by Musicals Online for his book and lyrics for Roscoe . Link label 
He is married to television scenic designer Elizabeth Popiel.

</doc>
<doc id="20865850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865850" title="Sumie Oinuma">
Sumie Oinuma

She was born in Tokyo.
In 1968 she was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. She played all seven matches.
Four years later she won her second Olympic silver medal with the Japanese team. She played all five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20865852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865852" title="Warren Harry">
Warren Harry

Warren Harry (born Warren Philip Harry, Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, 1953) (also known as Warren Bacall) was a British songwriter and performer.
Biography.
From 1977 to the mid-1980s, Warren Harry released a number of singles under both the name Warren Harry and Warren Bacall. These were: "I am a Radio", "Sail On" (Bronze Records, 1977), "1965" (Ellie Jay Records, 1978), "Radio Show" (Polydor Records, 1979), "Welcome to Judy's World" (Polydor, 1980), "Lions and Tigers" (Stage Coach Records, 1982) and "Brief Encounter" (Pilot Records, 1984). In the late 1970s, Harry performed with his band, The Yum Yum Band. Members of Harry's backing bands included Graham Dibble (guitar, vocals), Michael (Paddy) Burns (drums), backing vocals, Paul Kendal (bass guitar), John Clarke (drums), John Kayne (keyboards), Pete Farley (bass), Jakko M Jakszyk (guitar) and Josh Gale (bass).
He subsequently wrote a number of songs for other artists including several songs by Bucks Fizz (such as "When We Were Young" a UK Top 10 hit), John Otway, Anthony Newley and Japanese singer Yōko Oginome.
Other songs written for Bucks Fizz included "I'd Like to Say I Love You" (as Warren Harry) from "Hand Cut", and as Warren Bacall: "Rules of the Game" and "Oh Suzanne" from "Greatest Hits", "Indebted to You" and "Thief in the Night" from "I Hear Talk" and "In Your Eyes". The latter four were all co-written with Andy Hill. The majority of these songs were written about tragic female characters and were sung by the female members of the group.
Harry died from a pulmonary embolism in his home in Cymmer, Wales on 10 March 2008, aged 54. He was living with his partner Annie Whitaker and her son at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="20865858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865858" title="Rolf Zehetbauer">
Rolf Zehetbauer

__NOTOC__
Rolf Zehetbauer (born 13 February 1929) is a German production designer, art director and set decorator. He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Cabaret".

</doc>
<doc id="20865860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865860" title="Peter Ricchiuti">
Peter Ricchiuti

Peter Ricchiuti (Ri-Choo-ty) teaches courses in finance and investments at the Freeman School of Business at Tulane University, and is a former chief investment officer for the State of Louisiana. In 1993 he founded the Burkenroad Reports. He is a popular public speaker on Finance, and regularly provides consulting to groups like NFL players, and commentary for national media entities like NPR. In 1997, he was appointed to the board of Amedisys, Inc.
Awards.
Ricchiuti has twice been voted the Top Professor of the Year by students at the Freeman School of Business. His teaching style is typified by injecting humor into technical finance lectures.
Burkenroad Reports.
Ricchiuti founded the Burkenroad Reports in 1993. The Burkenroad Reports is an innovative student-run investment research program at Tulane University. The reports focus on stocks of small-cap companies in six southern states, ranging from Texas to Florida. The Burkenroad program has been featured in The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, CNBC, CNN, Nightly Business Report, et al.

</doc>
<doc id="20865866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865866" title="BuzzDash">
BuzzDash

BuzzDash was an Internet web site where members could submit polls and vote on approved polls. Some saw it as a place to perform useful market research, others saw it as a source of entertainment.
BuzzDash was considered part of the Web 2.0 movement due to the high level of user input and social networking aspects of it.
On April 11, 2009 BuzzDash was rumored to be closing April 18, 2009. However, the site was only on temporary hiatus, during which time some features were unavailable. BuzzDash returned, but closed again on November 24, 2010. Users were notified via email that BuzzDash had reached the end.
Key Persons.
BuzzDash was founded by David Gerken

</doc>
<doc id="20865867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865867" title="2008 Speedway World Cup Final">
2008 Speedway World Cup Final

The 2008 Speedway World Cup Final was the fourth and last race of the 2008 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on July 19, 2008 in the Speedway Center in Vojens, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20865868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865868" title="Nick George Montos">
Nick George Montos

Nicholas George Montos (November 8, 1916 – November 30, 2008) was an American criminal, associate of the Chicago Outfit and a fugitive. He was the oldest inmate being held in Massachusetts until his death in 2008 at the age of 92. 
Montos first became involved in crime at the age of 14 and dropped out of Lakeland, Florida high school in the 11th grade in 1933. He was arrested in Tampa in August 1934 for breaking and entering, but released. In November 1934, he was arrested in Raleigh, North Carolina for auto theft and served 18 months, first in Ohio and then at a prison camp in Petersburg, Virginia. In July 1936, he was arrested for possessing burglary tools but escaped from the Miami county jail before being recaptured and serving time in Raiford. He was picked up yet again in 1938 for burglaries in Alabama and Georgia, and escaped twice in Alabama in 1942 and 1944. 
By 1945, he had set himself up in Chicago and was convicted on charges of burglary and postal larceny. More burglary charges in Alabama and Mississippi were filed against Montos in 1949, 1950 and 1951. On September 8, 1952 he was placed on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list after a robbery in Georgia. He was arrested in 1954 as he prepared to rob a freight train in Chicago. 
Two years later Montos escaped from the Mississippi State Penitentiary using a hacksaw. He was again placed on the FBI fugitives list and caught 26 days later. From 1957-1962, he was imprisoned at Alcatraz, and was soon recaptured upon release for an armed robbery.
After being released from prison in May 1973, he joined the payroll of Chicago Teamsters Local 714 while moonlighting as a burglar in Youngstown, Ohio. In the late 1970s, he was living in the Chicago suburb of Forest Park and working for Chicago Outfit members John Monteleone and James Torello. He was a prime suspect in the attempted murder of Milwaukee Mafia member Vincent Maniaci in 1977.
Montos attempted to rob a Brookline antiques store in 1995. He tied up owner Sonia Paine, referring to her with an anti-Semitic epithet. She managed to escape and attack Montos with a baseball bat. This was Montos's last act of crime before he was arrested. 
Montos, who suffered from heart problems had a triple bypass in 2000. Later into his sentence he became weaker and started to pick up more health problems. He applied for parole after the surgery but it was rejected. A few weeks before his death Montos suffered a heart attack and once again applied for parole. Montos died on November 30, 2008 while his parole plea was still to be evaluated. 
There were several requests to free Montos. Several prisoners started a petition along with Massachusetts residents so he could live his last days with his elderly sister in Florida. Prisoners rights group, End the Odds also campaigned for his release.

</doc>
<doc id="20865870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865870" title="1974–75 FDGB-Pokal">
1974–75 FDGB-Pokal

The 1974–75 season saw the 24th competition for the FDGB-Pokal.
89 teams participated. After a qualifying round pitting 6 clubs from the second-tier DDR-Liga against each other, the first round and an additional intermediate round were played with 55 teams from the 1973-74 DDR-Liga, the teams relegated from the first-tier DDR-Oberliga after the 1973-74 season and the 15 winners of the various 1973-74 Bezirkspokal competitions. 
By the round of the last 16, all Bezirkspokal winners had been eliminated, and only two second-tier teams, 1. FC Union Berlin and Motor Nordhausen remained in the competition. As had been done in the past two competitions, fixtures were played over two legs from the round of 16 to the semifinals. 
The semifinal saw a repeat of last year's final, with Dynamo Dresden and FC Carl Zeiss Jena playing each other. Dresden won through and met BSG Sachsenring Zwickau who had beaten BSG Wismut Aue in the semifinal. For the first time since 1950 the final was held in East Berlin's Stadion der Weltjugend. For the first time ever was a FGDB-Pokal final decided on penalties.
Round 2.
The match was counted as a loss for FCK as they had fielded an ineligible player. However, as Löbau failed to spot the infraction while reviewing the opposition's lineup as is customary, they were not awarded a win. Neither team progressed.
Final.
Match review.
Dynamo Dresden were clear cut favorites in this Saxon derby. They had finished third in the league and had three East German internationals in their line-up: Dörner, Wätzlich and Häfner. Sachsenring Zwickau had finished 7th in the league and their only international player was goalkeeper Jürgen Croy. But in front of a crowd of 55,000 Dresden could not cope with their role as favorites from the beginning. Their famous midfield with Häfner, Geyer and Ganzera couldn't find their rhythm, instead Dynamo's play was dominated by nervousness. On the other hand Zwickau failed to put their opponents under pressure, despite valiant efforts. Additionally, bad luck struck them when midfielder Leuschner had to be substituted due to injury in the 11th minute. 
When Heidler eventually put Dresden in the lead after 65 minutes, the match seemed to go in the expected direction, but Zwickau struck back. Eight minutes later, their goalgetter Schykowski equalised and the match went into extra time. Ten minutes before the end of extra time, Dresden again took the lead through a goal by Richter who had been subbed in after 80 minutes, but just before the final whistle Zwickau's left winger Nestler could equalise once more. Therefore the final, for the first time in FDGB-Pokal history, had to be decided by penalty kicks. Here Zwickau's goalkeeper Croy became the hero of the day, first saving two penalty kicks and then converting the final kick for the 4-3 victory.

</doc>
<doc id="20865872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865872" title="Keiko Hama">
Keiko Hama

She was born in Chiba Prefecture.
In 1968 she was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. She played five matches.
Four years later she won her second Olympic silver medal with the Japanese team. She played one match.

</doc>
<doc id="20865886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865886" title="Emtunga">
Emtunga

Emtunga Mekaniska Verkstad AB.
Bertil Gustavsson founded the company Emtunga in 1945 in the city of Emtunga, Sweden. In the early days he supplied local farmers with equipment such as pressure vessels and tanks. The first living-quarter module was delivered to a North Sea oil rig in 1974. After Gustavsson's retirement in 1976, his two sons managed the business and turned its activities towards the oil and gas industry. Between 1976 and 1984, all activities were focused on this sector. To decrease its dependency on the volatile oil and gas industry, Emtunga decided to enter into the expanding telecom sector and delivered the first telecom modules 1983 to Ericsson. In 1986 Emtunga delivered its first pharmaceutical modules for Pharmadule.
Emtunga International AB.
In 1998 Emtunga is acquired by IDI (Industrial Development & Investment AB) and the company name is changed to Emtunga International AB.
Pharmadule Emtunga AB.
In July 2001, Pharmadule AB officially merged with Emtunga International AB. The merger completed the two companies long-term relationship. Emtunga had been Pharmadule's exclusive manufacturer of modular pharmaceutical plants and the companies had operated extremely close during a period of fifteen years. In 2001 Flexenclosure is made a separate division of Pharmadule Emtunga and is now a stand-alone company based in Lidköping.
In December 2003, 3i acquires Pharmadule Emtunga from IDI. Pharmadule Emtunga has 600 employees and conducts operations in Emtunga, Vara, Gothenburg and Stockholm.
Emtunga Offshore AB.
On September 1, 2007, Pharmadule Emtunga AB has established its two operating divisions into two separate companies: Pharmadule AB and Emtunga Offshore AB.
In October 2008 Emtunga Offshore AB applies for a company reconstruction.
Emtunga Offshore AB decided on December 17, 2008 to apply for bankruptcy. This is the result of the company’s largest customer – MPF Corp. Ltd – having become insolvent and not being able to fulfill its commitments to Emtunga Offshore, amounting to approximately 100,000,000 SEK. It is also the result of the global financial crisis that has led to a weaker market climate and delayed projects. Emtunga Offshore has 140 employees in Arendal, Gothenburg and Emtunga, Vara.
Leirvik Emtunga AB.
In February 2009 Norska Leirvik MT announced the foundation of the 100% owned Company, LEIRVIK Emtunga AB. LEIRVIK Emtunga will fabricate modular steel living quarters for international customers all over the world.
Apply Leirvik Emtunga AB.
In November 2009 LEIRVIK Emtunga LQ AB changed its name to Apply Leirvik Emtunga AB.

</doc>
<doc id="20865894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865894" title="Evelyn Sears">
Evelyn Sears

Evelyn Georgianna Sears (March 9, 1875, Waltham, Massachusetts - November 10, 1966, Waltham) was an American tennis player at the beginning of the 20th century.
In 1907, she won the U.S. National Championship women's singles title, after beating Carrie Neely 6-3, 6-2 in the All-Comers final and the default of reigning champion Helen Homans in the Challenge Round. She also won the women's doubles title in 1908 with Margaret Curtis, beating Carrie Neely and Marion Steever, 6-3, 5-7, 9-7.
She was a cousin of the seven times winner of the men's singles title at the U.S. National Championship Richard Sears.

</doc>
<doc id="20865899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865899" title="Hans Jürgen Kiebach">
Hans Jürgen Kiebach

Hans Jürgen Kiebach (28 August 1930 – 19 May 1995) was a German production designer, art director and set decorator. He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Cabaret".

</doc>
<doc id="20865914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865914" title="Brockway Moran &amp; Partners">
Brockway Moran &amp; Partners

Brockway Moran & Partners is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout investments in middle-market companies across a range of industries.
The firm, which is based in Boca Raton, Florida, was founded in 1998. The firm has raised approximately $1.3 billion and completed more than 50 investments since inception across three private equity funds.
History.
The firm was founded in 1988 by Peter Brockway and Michael Moran who were previously partners at Miami-based Trivest, one of the early leveraged buyout firms in the 1980s.
The firm raised its first fund, with $200 million of investor commitments in 1998, and its successor fund raised $410 million in 2002. Brockway Moran completed fundraising for most recent private, with $700 million of investor commitments, in 2006.
The firm's portfolio of investments includes Woodstream Corporation, Pacific Crane Maintenance, Tri-Star Electronics International, MW Industries, Air Medical Group, Latham International, GED Integrated Solutions, Pennant Foods Corporation and Celeste Industries Corporation. Among Brockway Moran's historical realized investments are Gold's Gym, Cosmetic Essence, Integrated Aerospace, Norwesco and TTM Technologies.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20865918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865918" title="Lasiopetalum maxwellii">
Lasiopetalum maxwellii

Lasiopetalum maxwellii is a species of shrub which is endemic to the Esperance Plains of Western Australia. The flowers appear spring and late summer, these are cream or white. It has a sprawing habit, reaching heights between 0.25 – 0.6 metres, and occurs on sandy soils of granitic slopes. The plant was first described by Ferdinand von Mueller in 1881, giving its epithet for the collector George Maxwell.

</doc>
<doc id="20865925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865925" title="Andreas Engqvist">
Andreas Engqvist

Andreas Gustaf Engqvist (born December 23, 1987) is a Swedish professional ice hockey centre currently playing for the Atlant Mytishi of the KHL.
Playing career.
Björn Ericsson, general manager of Järfälla HC, recommended Djurgården to have a look at Engqvist, mentioning that Engqvist reminded him of Mats Sundin.
On July 13, 2009, Engqvist signed a three year contract with the Montreal Canadiens in the NHL. During the 2009-10 season he played on loan for Djurgårdens IF in the Swedish Elitserien. On January 21, 2011, he played his first NHL game with the Montreal Canadiens, a 7-1 away win against the Ottawa Senators. On June 17, 2012, Engvist signed a 1-year deal with Alanti Mytischi. Montreal Canadians retain his rights, and if he chooses, may return to the club next season.
International play.
Engqvist has played six games for Sweden's national ice hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="20865933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865933" title="Innocence &amp; Instinct">
Innocence &amp; Instinct

Innocence & Instinct is the second full-length concept album from American Christian metal band Red. The album was released on February 10, 2009 through Essential Records.
The standard edition of the album contains 10 tracks. The first single "Fight Inside" was released on October 26, 2008. The single debuted at No. 1 on the R&R Christian Rock chart. The album's second single, "Never Be the Same", was released to Christian CHR soon thereafter. On December 12, the third single from the album, "Death of Me", was released to Active, Mainstream, and Alternative Rock stations. The album was produced by Rob Graves. The band also released a deluxe edition which features four bonus tracks and a DVD. Some copies of the album contain the song "Forever" as track nine instead of "Out From Under". The track "Shadows" was co-written by Breaking Benjamin guitarist/vocalist Ben Burnley. The album debuted at No. 15 on the "Billboard" 200, selling 39,000 copies in its first week. 
The Deluxe Edition of "Innocence & Instinct" went as high as No. 2 on iTunes Top Selling Rock Albums Chart and No. 5 on Top-Selling Albums overall, gaining a cumulative five-star review from listeners.
For the album, an alternate reality game was orchestrated by the band members. Red fans went through hidden web pages and passwords until around the time the album itself was released, when the final page was revealed, which contained a video message from the band itself, nine "treasures" (including posters, videos, and an unreleased track), and a message telling the puzzle participants not to post the contents on the internet or share them.
Drums on the album were played by Joe Rickard, the band's touring drummer. Rickard was not an official member of Red when the album was released, but has since been added as a permanent member.
In an interview on The Daily Rock, Jasen Rauch talks about the band not wanting "Ordinary World" added to the album. He states that Red originally arranged it just for something to do live. He goes on to say that the label pushed for it to be added to the album.
The album was nominated for Best Rock or Rap Gospel Album in the 2010 Grammy Awards. It won for Best Rock Album at the 41st GMA Dove Awards in 2010.
As of 2011, the album has sold over 260,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20865934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865934" title="Herbert Strabel">
Herbert Strabel

Herbert Strabel is a German production designer, art director and set decorator. He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Cabaret".

</doc>
<doc id="20865938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865938" title="Foel Goch (Hirnant)">
Foel Goch (Hirnant)

Foel Goch is a subsidiary summit of Esgeiriau Gwynion, and is included in a group of hills known as the Hirnantau. These hills rise from the south east shores of Llyn Tegid.
The summit is boggy and marked by a few stones. The views are good, with the retrospect of Foel y Geifr and Trum y Gwragedd to the south and northern Snowdonia to the north west. 

</doc>
<doc id="20865943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865943" title="Mahua Waterfall">
Mahua Waterfall

Mahua Waterfall is a plunge type waterfall located in Kg. Patau, Tambunan, Sabah, Malaysia. It became one of the most important tourist site for the people of the district.
The height of this waterfall is uncertain. Some source puts it 9 metres, another 15 metres and yet another 17 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="20865950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865950" title="Adjust flag">
Adjust flag

The Adjust flag (also known as the Auxiliary flag) is a flag stored in the FLAGS register on all x86 compatible CPUs. It is bit 4. It is used to indicate when an arithmetic carry or borrow has been generated out of the 4 least significant bits. It is primarily used in BCD arithmetics.
Auxiliary flag is set (AF=1) if there is a carry from low nibble to high nibble or a borrow from a high nibble to low nibble of the low order 8-bit of a 16-bit number.(for example, in BCD addition or subtraction.)

</doc>
<doc id="20865956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865956" title="Viktor Reznikov">
Viktor Reznikov

Viktor Reznikov (; 9 May 1952, Leningrad - 25 February 1992, Saint-Petersburg) was a Soviet composer, lyricist and singer. He is mostly known for his songs written for many famous Soviet artists like Alla Pugacheva, Larisa Dolina, Anne Veski etc.
See also.
The Cover Girls (single "Don't Stop Now", 1990) 
Music Speaks Louder Than Words (CD released by Epic Records in 1990)

</doc>
<doc id="20865961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865961" title="Daniel Mandl">
Daniel Mandl

Daniel Mandl (April 20, 1891 – March 23, 1945) was a civil engineer, inventor, a student of anthroposophy.
Life.
Daniel Mandl was born in Prostějov, Moravia. He studied engineering at the University of Vienna, Austria. During World War I, he commanded an artillery unit of the Austro-Hungarian Army, and fought in Albania. A decorated officer, he resumed his studies after World War I. Upon graduation, he was employed by the General Electrical Company in Berlin. He was involved in the electrification of Slovakia, and he introduced the then-new technology of arc welding to Czechoslovakia, making improvements to arc welding electrodes. He was a student of anthroposophy.
After the annexation of rump Czechoslovakia by Nazi Germany on March 15, 1939, Mandl held a teaching position in the Technical School founded by the Brno Jewish community. He was deported from Brno to the Terezin (Theresienstadt ghetto on March 31, 1942, together with his wife Hajnalka and his son Tommy (Herbert Thomas Mandl). In Terezin, Mandl worked in the Jewish self-administration. He participated in the Jewish cultural life in the ghetto, delivering at least one lecture, titled "A Chapter from Some Thoughts On the History of Humanity," on June 23, 1944.
Mandl and his son were deported from Theresienstadt concentration camp to Auschwitz-Birkenau on September 28, 1944. Unbeknownst to his son Tommy at the time, Tommy was the only one selected for the transport but his father volunteered to go with him. From Auschwitz, the Mandls were transported, in turn, to several Dachau-Kaufering subcamps, where Mandl died March 23, 1945, a mere six weeks before the end of World War II (cf. testimonies of his son, Herbert Thomas Mandl).

</doc>
<doc id="20865962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865962" title="Miss Armenia">
Miss Armenia

Miss Armenia is a national pageant held annually in Armenia to select Armenia's representatives to international beauty competitions.
Titleholders.
Below is a partial list of the winners of Miss Armenia.
Miss Armenia at International pageants.
Miss International Armenia.
Armenia debut in 2007. Since 2008, Armenia did not compete at Miss International. Probably, Armenia will return at Miss International by selecting from casting of Miss Armenia, but the available date is not confirming. 
Miss Supranational Armenia.
Armenia debut in 2010. Since 2011, Armenia did not compete at Miss Supranational. In 2014, probably the casting will mark in new session of Miss Supranational Armenia pageant.

</doc>
<doc id="20865979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865979" title="Maliau Falls">
Maliau Falls

Maliau Falls is best known for its seven tiers falls. It is the largest of all the waterfalls known in the Maliau Basin Conservation Area, Sabah, Malaysia. Takob Akob waterfall and Giluk waterfall are located in the same area.

</doc>
<doc id="20865980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865980" title="Rondout Light">
Rondout Light

Rondout Light is a lighthouse on the west side of the Hudson River at Kingston, New York.
History.
When it was built in 1915, it replaced the earlier 1867 lighthouse. The National Historic Lighthouse Preservation Act provides for the Coast Guard to declare some lighthouses surplus, and for their ownership to be transferred to historical, non-profit or local government entities following an application process and review. Nine lighthouses were identified in the fall of 2001 as part of a pilot program to transfer such lighthouses. Rondout Light was one of those nine. Rondout Light was transferred from the Coast Guard to the City of Kingston in 2002. It is currently managed by the non-profit Hudson River Maritime Museum.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. 

</doc>
<doc id="20865989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865989" title="The Poverty of Historicism">
The Poverty of Historicism

The Poetry of Historicism is a book by twentieth century philosopher Karl Popper which seeks to persuade the reader of both the danger and the bankruptcy of the idea of historicism.
Publication.
"The Poverty of Historicism" was first written as a paper which was read in 1936, then updated and published as a book in 1957. It was dedicated “"In memory of the countless men and women of all creeds or nations or races who fell victim to the fascist and communist belief in Inexorable Laws of Historical Destiny".”
When published as a book in 1957, "The Poverty of Historicism" was hailed by the anti-communist author Arthur Koestler as ""probably the only book published this year which will outlive the century.""
Synopsis.
The book is a treatise on scientific method in the social sciences. Popper defines historicism as: "“an approach to the social sciences which assumes that historical prediction is their principal aim…”". "“The belief… that it is the task of the social sciences to lay bare the law of evolution of society in order to foretell its future… might be described as the central Historicist doctrine.”".
He distinguishes two main strands of historicism, a “"pro-naturalistic"” approach which "“favours the application of the methods of physics”", and the "“anti-naturalistic”" approach which opposes these methods.
The first two parts of the book contain Popper's exposition of historicist views (both pro- and anti-naturalistic), and the second two parts contain his criticism of them. Popper concludes by contrasting the antiquity of historicism (which, for example, Plato is said to have espoused) with the claims of modernity made by its twentieth century adherents.
Popper's criticisms of historicism.
Popper’s criticisms of the poverty of the idea of historical prediction can broadly be split into three areas: fundamental problems with the idea itself, common inconsistencies in the arguments of historicists, and the negative practical effects of implementing Historicist ideas.
Fundamental problems with historicist theory.
i) A description of the whole of society is impossible because the list of characteristics making up such a description would be infinite. If we cannot know the whole of the present state of mankind it follows that we cannot know the future of mankind.
"“If we wish to study a thing, we are bound to select certain aspects of it. It is not possible for us to observe or to describe a whole piece of the world, or a whole piece of nature; in fact, not even the smallest whole piece may be so described, since all description is necessarily selective.”" 
ii) Human history is a single unique event. Knowledge of the past therefore does not necessarily help one to know the future. "“The evolution of life on earth, or of human society, is a unique historical process… Its description, however, is not a law, but only a singular historical statement.”" 
Study of history may reveal trends. However there is no guarantee that these trends will continue. In other words: they are not laws; "“a statement asserting the existence of a trend at a certain time and place would be a singular historical statement and not a universal law.”"
In addition, given that historians are interested in the uniqueness of past events, it may be said that future events will possess a uniqueness that cannot be known in advance.
iii) Individual human action or reaction can never be predicted with certainty, therefore neither can the future: "“the human factor is the ultimately uncertain and wayward element in social life and in all social institutions. Indeed this is the element which ultimately cannot be completely controlled by institutions (as Spinoza first saw); for every attempt at controlling it completely must lead to tyranny; which means, to the omnipotence of the human factor – the whims of a few men, or even one.”".
Popper asserts that psychology cannot lead to a complete understanding of "“the human factor”" because "“’human nature’ varies considerably with the social institutions, and its study therefore presupposes an understanding of these institutions.”"
iv) A law, natural (i.e. scientific) or social, may enable us to exclude the possibility of certain events but it does not allow us to narrow down the range of possible outcomes to only one. This follows from Popper’s theory of science: a hypothesis is proposed (it does not matter how the hypothesis was derived) and is then subjected to rigorous tests which aim to disprove the hypothesis. If no tests disprove the hypothesis it may become known as a law but in fact remains simply a so-far-unfalsified hypothesis.
Equally, examples of where theories are correct are useless in proving the validity of the theory.
v) It is logically impossible to know the future course of history when that course depends in part on the future growth of scientific knowledge (which is unknowable in advance).
Common inconsistencies in the arguments of historicists.
i) Historicists often require the remodelling of man to become fit for the future society or hasten the arrival of this society. Given that society is composed of mankind, remaking man for a particular society can lead to any type of society. Also, a need to remodel man suggests that without this remodelling, the new society may not come about, and is therefore not inevitable.
ii) Historicists are bad at imagining conditions under which an identified trend ceases. Historical generalisations may be reduced to a set of laws of higher generality (i.e. one could say that history depends upon psychology). However in order to form predictions from these generalisations we also need specific initial conditions. To the extent that conditions change or are changing, any ‘law’ may apply differently and trends may disappear.
iii) Historicism tends to mistake historical interpretations for theories. When studying history we can only examine a limited aspect of the past. In other words we must apply a ‘historical interpretation’. It is necessary to appreciate a plurality of valid of interpretations (although some may be more fertile than others).
iv) Confusing ends with aims: historicism tends to foster the idea that the aims of society are discernible in the trends of history, or what will inevitably come to pass becomes that which should come to pass. The aims of society may be more usefully thought as a matter of choice for that society.
Negative practical effects of implementing historicist ideas.
i) Unintended consequences: the implementation of Historicist programs such as Marxism often means a fundamental change to society. Due to the complexity of social interaction this results in lots of unintended consequences (i.e. it tends not to work properly). Equally it becomes impossible to tease out the cause of any given effect so nothing is learnt from the experiment / revolution.
ii) Lack of information: large scale social experiments cannot increase our knowledge of the social process because as power is centralised to enable theories to put into practice, dissent must be repressed, and so it is harder and harder to find out what people really think, and so whether the utopian experiment is working properly. This assumes that a dictator in such a position could be benevolent and not corrupted by the accumulation of power, which may be doubted.
In addition, Popper rejects the notion that history cannot be subject to experiment and that any ‘laws of history’ can only apply to a particular historical period. Both of these ideas are treated as typical of the anti-naturalistic Historicist approaches by Popper.
The positive side to historicism.
Popper concedes that historicism has an appeal as an antidote to the idea that history is shaped by the actions of ‘great men’.
Popper's alternative.
As an alternative to historicism Popper puts forward his own preference for "“piecemeal social engineering”" whereby small and reversible changes are made to society in order to be best able to learn from the changes made. The unpredictability of the future makes the effect of any larger changes random and untraceable. Small changes enable one to make limited, but testable and therefore falsifiable statements about the effect of social actions.

</doc>
<doc id="20865994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20865994" title="Lost and Found (novel)">
Lost and Found (novel)

Lost and Found is a children's novel written by Andrew Clements, first published in 2008. It is about two boys, Ray and Jay Grayson, who are identical twins, and have always wondered what it is like to be a single person rather than "one of the Grayson twins".
Plot summary.
The Grayson brothers have a hard time proving they're two separate people. Their parents named one Ray Jay and the other Jay Ray. And to complicate matters, they're identical twins. It's not that Ray and Jay (who only go by their first names to avoid confusion) mind it, exactly. They get along just fine. But they have always secretly wondered what it would be like to be a single person rather than always "one of the Grayson twins." When they move to a new town just in time to start sixth grade, they get that chance. Ray stays at home sick on the first day of school, so Jay gets to go alone. Jay adjusts well and makes some new friends right away. But there's something weird going on. No one wonders where his brother is, and Ray isn't on any attendance lists. It's as if he doesn't exist. Before Jay tells his teachers, he comes up with a plan. Now he and his brother can both see what it's like not to be known as a twin. They'll take turns going to school, each pretending to be Jay. They look exactly alike, so no one will know the difference. That is, until they start making friends and finding girls they like, and each has to memorize everything that the other did that day at school. They also need to figure out who's responsible for all the homework! What follows is a sometimes funny, sometimes heartfelt story about mistaken identities, making friends and understanding family ties. As it becomes tougher and tougher to keep their stories straight, Jay and Ray begin to get more annoyed with each other. As if that's not enough, their parents don't understand why the boys refuse to go out at the same time (obviously, they don't want to run into anyone from their school), and one of them keeps getting into trouble for not doing his homework. In the end, the principal and school nurse finally figures out that they were twins, but did not give them any consequences, because they explained to the adults how they felt about being twins.

</doc>
<doc id="20866001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866001" title="LIK">
LIK

Literatura, Izkustvo i Kultura ( ""Literature, Art and Culture""), abbreviated to LIK ("ЛИК" which, as a word on its own also means ""image, portrait, likeness"") is a monthly magazine covering its eponymous topics, published by the Bulgarian News Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="20866007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866007" title="Arboretum de l'Hermet">
Arboretum de l'Hermet

The Arboretum de l'Hermet is an arboretum located at an altitude of 1000 metres, about 6 km east of Riotord, Haute-Loire, Auvergne, France. The arboretum was established in 1998 and contains introduced species such as giant sequoias, American red oak, Japanese larch, spruce, and fir.

</doc>
<doc id="20866010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866010" title="Bira Dembélé">
Bira Dembélé

Bira Dembélé (born 22 March 1988) is a French footballer who plays for League One side Stevenage.
Career.
Dembélé joined League One side Stevenage on 22 February 2014 on a free transfer.

</doc>
<doc id="20866013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866013" title="Takob Akob Falls">
Takob Akob Falls

Takob Akob waterfall is one of the few newly discovered waterfalls in Maliau Basin Conservation Area, in Sabah, Malaysia. Takob-akob Falls was named after the mangosteen look-alike tree found beside the falls. 
The drop of Takob Akob Falls is 38m, making it the highest waterfall of Maliau Basin, Sabah Malaysia. 
It is about 3.5 Kilometers away from Nepenthes Camp (Camel Trophy Camp), about an hour trekking. 

</doc>
<doc id="20866016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866016" title="Sunderland Power Station">
Sunderland Power Station

Sunderland Power Station was a coal-fired power station situated on the bank of the River Wear, in the city centre of Sunderland, in Tyne and Wear, North East England. The station operated into the 1970s, but in October 1975, the Central Electricity Generating Board gave 12 months notification of the station's closure. It finally closed on 25 October 1976, with a generating capacity of 34 megawatts. The station was then demolished in 1979. The cooling tower in particular was demolished in February of that year. The power station's site is now occupied by a PC World outlet.
In 1962 the station was featured in L. S. Lowry's painting of Sunderland's dockside. The painting is now in the collection of Sunderland Museum and Winter Gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="20866024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866024" title="Bedford CF">
Bedford CF

The Bedford CF was a model of light commercial vehicle produced by Bedford Vehicles for almost twenty years from the late 1960s. 
In Germany and certain other continental markets, the CF was sold through Opel dealers as the Opel Bedford Blitz from 1973 on.
CF.
Introduced November 1969 to replace the 17 year old Bedford CA, the CF van variants soon became some of the most popular light commercial vehicles on British roads.
The CF could be specified with a sliding door in the side panel directly behind the passenger door, and it was generally with this layout that the van was also commonly used as a base vehicle for a caravanette.
The engine was the well-proven Slant Four engine which was introduced for the Vauxhall FD Victor models in 1967. Apart from an increased engine capacity from to units and from to in 1972, the power units remained unchanged. A four cylinder Perkins diesel engine could be specified for an extra GB£130 (1969), while a larger version was used for heavier versions. In 1977, a overhead valve (OHV) diesel engine from Opel replaced the outdated Perkins units.
In Australasian markets, the CF could be optioned with Holden six-cylinder units, in and forms. 
This was as an answer to the rival Ford Transit range, which in Australia used six-cylinder engines from the Ford Falcon vehicles.
The Bedford used the same basic suspension lay-out as the Vauxhall Victor, though married to greater wheel arch clearances and calibrated for greater weight carrying capacity. The front independent suspension featured a double wishbone layout with coil springs and telescopic shock absorbers, while the rear wheels were suspended by a combination involving a live axle and traditional long single-leaf springs.
Several different manual transmissions were used, namely the Vauxhall three-speed, four-speed, Bedford four-speed, ZF four-speed, ZF five-speed, and the General Motors automatic. The Laycock type of overdrive was available to order or on the later Vauxhall four-speed models.
There were three CF1 body styles. A standard panel van which was intended to rival the Ford Transit; the special van body (essentially a self-contained cab with a general-purpose chassis onto which a wide range of custom-built bodies or beds could be built), and the Dormobile (caravanette).
CF1 "facelift".
The CF series 1 facelift was introduced in 1980, introducing the Opel 23D diesel engine with . 
Units exported to Germany (Bedford Blitz) received a smaller, diesel, producing . The 1.8 and 2.3 litre petrol units remained the same.
The restyled front end was engineered so that by removing 8 bolts the whole front panel could be completely removed, providing easy access to the engine so it could be removed from the front instead of from underneath like on the CF1.
(The CF1 "facelift" is often confused with being a CF2 because it's difficult to tell them apart from the exterior.
The easiest visual check is that that the CF facelift will have the same old metallic door handles and mirrors as the CF1 while on the CF2 have new plastic ones.)
CF2.
In 1984 the CF was renamed CF2 and basically only received mechanical upgrades.
The diesel engines remained the 2.3 (with the 2.0 available in continental Europe) but the old Vauxhall slant fours were replaced by a , version of General Motors' corporate cam-in-head four cylinder.
<br>New transmissions were also available:
<br>• 4-speed GM all-synchromesh gearbox on short wheelbase models;
<br>• ZF 5-speed overdrive all-synchromesh gearbox standard on all long wheelbase models and optional on others;
<br>• GM automatic transmission optional on most models;
<br>• Choice of axle ratios on nearly all models.
<br>And new efficient brakes:
<br>• Front disc brakes with self-adjusting rear drums on CF2/230 to CF2/280;
<br>• Self-adjusting drums all around on CF2/350 models;
<br>• Load-sensing valve standard on all models.
In 1985 the CF2 was sold side by side in UK with the rebadged Bedford Midi. 
By then the CF's replacement was put on hold and then ultimately dropped when Bedford decided that rebadging other GM owned brands was much cheaper. The last CF2's were sold in the UK in 1987 and marked the end of original Bedford designed vehicles.
CF Electric.
One noteworth point was in 1982 with the introduction of the CF Electric, the first mass-produced electric driven fossil fuel derived vehicle. It was built in partnership between Bedford, Lucas, Chloride Group and the UK Government on a 5 year grant scheme. The batteries were housed in a compartment below the floor and the traction came from a motor placed at the rear with a step down reduction gearbox coupled to the CF's standard differential, but turned through 180'.
The motor control system was housed under the bonnet and a small diesel heater provided cabin heating. The system also featured regenerative braking, however this could be turned off as it was found that in wet conditions the motor could lock the rear wheels similar to applying the handbrake. Most where sold to government agencies, the Royal Mail and local authorities. However with a price tag much higher than a standard CF, and battery technology at the time not advancing the government scheme wound down in 1987, and the model was withdrawn and spares for it soon dried up.
Commercial.
The Bedford CF van was the second most popular van in the UK, second only to the Ford Transit. Along with the Transit, the CF was usefully wider than competitor vehicles from Austin-Morris, Rootes and Volkswagen. It was also the most common caravanette. CFs were popular with customisers throughout the 1970s and 1980s.
Users.
The Bedford CF was widely used. The British police, in particular, used them for prisoner transport and as riot vans. The British Military also had a fleet of CFs. They were used by builders and builders' merchants, as well as by courier services and the Post Office. They were also a popular caravanette due to their space and reasonable fuel consumption. They were used as ice cream vans in Britain.
Technical specifications.
1969
4390 lb. GVW available for models 97100, 97200 as Code 533.
Vauxhall OHC 97.5 cu. in. (1598 cc) and 120.5 cu. in. (1975 cc) gasoline engines available as high or low compression.
Perkins 108 cu. in. (1770 cc) and 154 cu. in. (2523 cc) diesel engines.
All models available as van (/70), chassis cab (/60) or chassis cowl (/90).
E.g.: 97170 18 cwt. van; 97760 35 cwt. chassis cab, 97590 25 cwt. chassis cowl.
1972
107.4 cu. in. (1759 cc) and 139 cu. in. (2279 cc) Vauxhall low compression OHC engines introduced from chassis number 2V610007.
1973
18 cwt. models (97100, 97200) replaced by 14/18 cwt. models.
Gasoline engines: only 107.4 cu. in. (1759 cc) and 139 cu. in. (2279 cc) low compression available.
1978 from chassis number HY600001
GM diesel engines introduced; Perkins diesel engines discontinued.
97F00 SVOS (Special Version Option Scheme) 8294: 1900 cc diesel engine in place of 2064 cc diesel engine.
Electric van: Designation 97300 Code 123 (unclear when introduced).
1979
CF350 only available as chassis cab (/60) or chassis cowl (/90)
2064 cc (126 cu. in.) GM diesel engine discontinued.
2260 cc (137.9 cu. in.) GM diesel engine introduced from chassis number LY600101.
1982
Facelift models introduced (preceded by Facelift dash and wiring introduced 1981)
1984
CF2 models introduced.
Opel 1979 cc CIH gasoline engine replaced Vauxhall 1759 cc and 2239 cc OHC gasoline engine.

</doc>
<doc id="20866026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866026" title="Diana Kattowitz">
Diana Kattowitz

SC Diana Kattowitz was an ethnically German association football club playing in what was Kattowitz, Upper Silesia in Germany (now Katowice, Poland) during the inter-war period. Established 13 February 1905, it was one of a small number of clubs that made up the Kattowitzer Ballspiel-Verband alongside "Preussen Kattowitz" and "Germania Kattowitz". With "FC 1903 Ratibor", these clubs formed the Upper Silesian division (Bezirk Oberschlesien) of the Southeast German Football Federation in 1906.
__TOC__
History.
"Diana" was named by founding president Ernst Tschoche in honour of the Roman goddess of hunting and had a membership of about 50, mostly students and employees of the Kattowitzer Bahndirektion (en:Kattowitz Railways Directorate). The team took part in qualification play for the German national championship in 1912 following their capture of the Upper Silesian title, but were eliminated early on by "Germania Breslau". Their title was enabled through a merger with "Borussia Myslowitz" in 1911, as both clubs were struggling at the time. A side made up of seven "Diana" and four "Borussia" footballers playing as "Diana" was fielded.
Football competition ground to a halt in the region due to World War I. After the conflict, a Polish republic was re-established, and Upper Silesia was the subject of a territorial dispute between Germany and Poland. In 1921, a League of Nations plebiscite granted part of the region – including Kattowitz – to Poland. "Borussia" and "Diana" had re-emerged as separate sides in 1919 with "Diana Kattowitz" becoming part of lower tier Polish football competition as "Klub Sportowy Diana Katowice" in 1922. Following the invasion of Poland by the Nazis in 1939, the club was displaced by the formation of "VfB Kattowitz", which was active until 1944 when it disappeared as the area was restored to Polish control.

</doc>
<doc id="20866030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866030" title="Trum y Gwragedd">
Trum y Gwragedd

Trum y Gwragedd is a top of Foel y Geifr in the Hirnantau. These hills rise from the south east shores of Llyn Tegid.
The summit is boggy and marked by a few stones. To the south is Foel y Geifr and to the north is Foel Goch (Hirnant). 

</doc>
<doc id="20866035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866035" title="Robert Hughes (darts player)">
Robert Hughes (darts player)

Robert Hughes (born 12 December 1966) is a former Welsh darts player who competed in British Darts Organisation events. He used the nickname Elvis after his favourite singer, Elvis Presley.
Career.
Hughes reached the quarter finals of the 1997 Welsh Open and the 2000 British Open and then reached the semi finals of the 2004 Welsh Open, where he beat Lee Palfreyman, Steve Smith and John Walton before losing to Tony West. Hughes then won the 2005 Wales National Championship, beating Mark Webster in the final.
Hughes reached the final of the 2006 BDO Gold Cup, losing to Gary Anderson. He then reached the quarter finals of the 2006 WDF Europe Cup where he lost to Sweden's Goran Klemme. Hughes then reached the last 16 of the 2006 Winmau World Masters, defeating Ted Hankey before losing to Brian Woods.
A quarter final place in the Northern Ireland Open was Hughes' only credible run in 2007 which was a bad year, suffering early exits in the International Darts League, the World Masters and the BDO World Championship qualifiers. 2008 was Hughes' best year on the circuit, reaching the final of the Isle of Man Open, losing to Dave Chisnall. He then reached for semi finals of the Welsh Open, beating Scott Waites, Dave Prins and fellow Welshman Alan Walker before losing to Webster. He then reached the final of the Wales National Championship, losing to Liverpool's Robbie Green.
Hughes qualified for the 2009 Lakeside World Professional Darts Championship as one of the non-seeded players. He defeated 16th seed Eddy Sims 3-2 in the first round but lost 4-2 to number one seed Gary Anderson in the second round, despite taking a 2-1 lead in the match.

</doc>
<doc id="20866046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866046" title="New Fork">
New Fork

New Fork can refer to either:

</doc>
<doc id="20866058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866058" title="Moelven IL">
Moelven IL

Moelven Idrettslag is a Norwegian multi-sports club located in Moelv, Hedmark, founded on 25 June 1918 as Fotballgruppa Trygg. It has sections for athletics, handball, football, skiing and gymnastics.
The men's football team currently plays in the Third Division, the fourth tier of Norwegian football.
Among the prominent members of the athletics section are Jan Langøy and Mauritz Kåshagen.

</doc>
<doc id="20866060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866060" title="Kévin Théophile-Catherine">
Kévin Théophile-Catherine

Kévin Théophile-Catherine (born 28 October 1989) is a French footballer who plays as a defender for Cardiff City in the Premier League.
Career.
Stade Rennais.
Théophile-Catherine spent more than six seasons with Rennes, playing a key role as they won the French Under-18 Cup in 2007 and the National Under-19 trophy a year later.
He made his first team debut against Le Mans in the League Cup and made his first French League appearance in a goalless draw against Lille, both during 2009, while he signed a first professional contract in the same year.
Théophile-Catherine made almost 100 first team appearances for Rennes amassing more than 60 of those between the 2011–12 and 2012–13 seasons.
Cardiff City.
Théophile-Catherine signed for Cardiff City on a four-year deal on 31 August 2013 for a reported fee of €2.4 million (£2.1 million). He made his debut for Cardiff City on 14 September 2013, playing the full 90 minutes in a 1-1 draw against Hull City. 

</doc>
<doc id="20866079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866079" title="2009 Wimbledon Championships">
2009 Wimbledon Championships

The 2009 Wimbledon Championships took place on the outdoor grass courts at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon, London, from Monday 22 June through to Sunday 5 July 2009. It was the 123rd staging of the Wimbledon Championships, and the third Grand Slam tennis event of the year.
Rafael Nadal did not defend his title after withdrawing from the tournament due to knee tendinitis. Roger Federer won his 6th Wimbledon title defeating rival Andy Roddick in the final in five sets. Federer's victory marked his fifteenth Grand Slam title which broke the men's all-time record. Venus Williams was unsuccessful in her title defence, being defeated in the final by her sister Serena, who won her first Wimbledon title since 2003.
Highlights.
Records.
Swiss Roger Federer established a number of records at the 2009 Wimbledon Championships. By defeating Ivo Karlović in the quarterfinals, Federer reached his 21st consecutive Grand Slam semi-final, having started the streak at Wimbledon in 2004. He then defeated Tommy Haas in the semi-final to reach his 7th consecutive Wimbledon final and his 20th Grand Slam final, both all-time records. Finally, by defeating Andy Roddick in the final, Federer won his 15th Grand Slam title, breaking Pete Sampras's previous record of 14. Federer also became the fourth man to complete the rare French Open-Wimbledon double in the Open Era, joining Rod Laver, Björn Borg and Rafael Nadal, who completed the feat the previous year and would do so again the following year.
Among other records set, the men's final had the highest number of viewers in the UK of any Wimbledon final since 2001, peaking at 11.1 million viewers during the last stretch of the match, and the 30-game fifth set in the men's final between Federer and Roddick was the longest in Wimbledon history.
Centre Court roof.
The 2009 Championships coincided with an extended period of hot, dry weather in south-east England. This meant that it was only on day seven of the tournament (29 June) that the newly constructed Centre Court roof was closed for the first time due to rain, delaying a match between Amélie Mauresmo and Dinara Safina. The following match between Andy Murray and Stanislas Wawrinka was the first full-length match played under the new roof; thanks to the new floodlights, it was also the latest finish ever at Wimbledon, ending at 22:38. Murray won the match 6–3 in the fifth set. These were the only two matches in which the roof was used. The record for latest finish has since been surpassed by Andy Murray in his 4 set match against Baghdatis in 2012 which ended at 23:02.
Tennis Integrity Unit.
The Tennis Integrity Unit (TIU) planned to observe matches played by up to 12 players (some of whom were inside the ATP top 50) throughout the tournament. The TIU has existed since January 2008.
The ATP claimed to have identified Russian and Italian Mafia-related groups behind suspicious betting at other tournaments, although the organizers of the Wimbledon Championships declared that there are no current proceedings against any players.
Day-by-day summaries.
Day 1 (22 June).
The first day of Wimbledon 2009 saw 2008 Men's Singles runner-up and five-time Wimbledon Champion Roger Federer open on Centre Court due to defending champion and number 1 seed Rafael Nadal withdrawing due to injury. Roger Federer got past the first round and in straight sets. Some of the day's winners were 2008 Australian Open Champion Novak Djoković, 2009 French Open finalist Robin Söderling, Fernando Verdasco, Marin Čilić, Ivo Karlović, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, Mardy Fish and former French Open champion Guillermo Cañas. Nicolás Almagro survived a five set match against Juan Mónaco despite losing the first two sets 6–7(3) 6–7(7) 7–6(5) 6–4 8–6. Two matches were suspended in the first day: the matches between Michaël Llodra and Joshua Goodall, and Tommy Haas and Alexander Peya. However the first major upset of the tournament came when Italy's Andreas Seppi defeated Queen's Club finalist James Blake in straight sets 7–5 6–4 7–6(5).
In the Women's side last year's finalist and two time Champion Serena Williams easily won in straight sets, and she was joined by Shahar Pe'er, Jill Craybas, Urszula Radwańska, Russians Elena Dementieva, Alisa Kleybanova Elena Vesnina, Nadia Petrova, Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova, 2004 Wimbledon Champion Maria Sharapova and last years' semi-finalist Jie Zheng. Slovakian player Daniela Hantuchová won a three set thriller against last year Girls Singles Champion and Britain's young prodigy Laura Robson 3–6 6–4 6–2, while former finalist Marion Bartoli scored the first double bagel of the tournament against Taipei's Yung-jan Chan. While the 2009 Ordina Open Champion Tamarine Tanasugarn lost to Arantxa Parra Santonja in straight sets, the major upset was when Ai Sugiyama defeated Patty Schnyder in straight sets.
Day 2 (23 June).
In the men's singles 2008 US Open finalist Andy Murray advanced to the second round, and he was joined by two-time Wimbledon finalist Andy Roddick, 2003 French Open Champion Juan Carlos Ferrero, Juan Martín del Potro, Gilles Simon, Tommy Haas, 2002 Wimbledon Champion Lleyton Hewitt, Nikolay Davydenko, David Ferrer, and Stanislas Wawrinka. "The Magician" Fabrice Santoro, who was competing in his last Wimbledon, scored a straight set victory over Nicolas Kiefer 6–4 6–2 6–2. Three retirements were recorded on the men's side, with Denis Istomin retiring against Fabio Fognini, Grigor Dimitrov retiring against Igor Kunitsyn, and Dmitry Tursunov retiring against Mischa Zverev. Nicolas Devilder fought off a five set thriller against Nicolás Lapentti 3–6 6–4 6–3 4–6 7–5. Marat Safin was upset by Jesse Levine in four sets 6–2 3–6 7–6(4) 6–4.
In the women's side five-time Wimbledon Champion Venus Williams got through in straight sets against Stefanie Vögele 6–3 6–2. She was joined in the second round by World No. 1 Dinara Safina, 2009 French Open Champion Svetlana Kuznetsova, former World No. 1 Jelena Janković, Vera Zvonareva, Caroline Wozniacki, Li Na, Shuai Peng, Agnieszka Radwańska, Flavia Pennetta, Carla Suárez Navarro, Samantha Stosur, Maria Kirilenko, and Sabine Lisicki. Two former World No. 1 and Grand Slam champions were pushed to their limit, with Ana Ivanovic prevailing over Lucie Hradecká 5–7 6–2 8–6, and 2006 Champion Amélie Mauresmo triumphed against Melinda Czink 6–1 4–6 6–2.
In the Men's Doubles, second seeds Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić won their first round, while sixth seed Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski were upset by Americans Eric Butorac and Scott Lipsky in straight sets 6–3 6–3 6–3. The Women's Doubles sixth seeds Daniela Hantuchová and Ai Sugiyama got through the first round, and were joined by Shahar Pe'er and Gisela Dulko.
Middle Sunday (28 June).
Middle Sunday in Wimbledon is traditionally a rest day, without any play, and this was the case in 2009. The seventh day of the competition, consequently, fell on Monday 29 June.
Seeds.
Withdrawals: David Nalbandian, Richard Gasquet, Gaël Monfils, Rafael Nadal.
Wildcard entries.
Below are the lists of the wildcard awardees entering in the main draws and in the qualifying draws.
Qualifiers entries.
Below are the lists of the qualifiers entering in the main draws.
Prize money.
In 2009 the All England Club awarded £12,550,000 in prize money to competitors at The Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20866082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866082" title="Wisconsin Hills Middle School">
Wisconsin Hills Middle School

Wisconsin Hills Middle School is a Middle School located in Brookfield, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="20866094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866094" title="Nancy Roberts (author)">
Nancy Roberts (author)

Nancy Roberts (1924–2008) was often described as the "First Lady of American Folklore." She not only a best selling author but a superb storyteller, presenting storytelling programs and lectures on creative writing at clubs, public libraries, schools and universities. The author of over two dozen books, Roberts began her career writing ghost stories for the "Charlotte Observer". Carl Sandburg encouraged her to publish her stories as a book. In 1958 she followed Sandburg's advice and her books have sold over one million copies earning her national recognition including a nomination for the Great Western Writers Spur Award and a certificate of commendation from the American Association for State and Local History.
"Southern Living" magazine described her as the "custodian of the twilight zone."
Roberts is survived by her husband, Jim Brown, who assisted her in her extensive research. 

</doc>
<doc id="20866096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866096" title="Kokomo, Indiana metropolitan area">
Kokomo, Indiana metropolitan area

The Kokomo Metropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in Indiana, anchored by the city of Kokomo. As of the 2000 census, the MSA had a population of 101,541 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 98,787).
Communities.
Census-designated places.
"Note: All census-designated places are unincorporated."
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 101,541 people, 41,269 households, and 28,307 families residing within the MSA. The racial makeup of the MSA was 91.13% White, 5.50% African American, 0.33% Native American, 0.90% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.76% from other races, and 1.36% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.88% of the population.
The median income for a household in the MSA was $46,017, and the median income for a family was $54,566. Males had a median income of $42,938 versus $25,814 for females. The per capita income for the MSA was $21,988.
Combined Statistical Area.
The Kokomo–Peru Combined Statistical Area (CSA) is made up of three counties in Indiana. The statistical area includes one metropolitan area and one micropolitan area. As of the 2000 Census, the CSA had a population of 137,623 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 134,788).

</doc>
<doc id="20866102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866102" title="Brumunddal Fotball">
Brumunddal Fotball

Brumunddal Fotball is the football section of the Norwegian alliance sports club Brumunddal IL, located in Brumunddal, Hedmark. The organizational independency of the football section dates from 2003, although its parent club was founded in 1895. The men's football team currently plays in the 3. Divisjon, the fourth tier of Norwegian football. 
History.
The team played in the Third Division, but after being relegated in 1995 it languished in the Fourth Division. Its return to the Third Division in 1998 also became short-lived. The team then had a longer stint from 2001 to 2004, when Strømmen IF was beaten in the playoffs, securing promotion to the 2005 Norwegian Second Division. The team had lost similar playoffs in 2003 and 2002. Brumunddal was instantly relegated to the Third Division again, but won the 2009 playoffs and has since played in the Second Division again.
Its most notable player was Vemund Brekke Skard, who transferred from Brumunddal to Ipswich Town in 2005. Vegard Skogheim has coached the team.

</doc>
<doc id="20866112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866112" title="Erbi Ago">
Erbi Ago

Erbi Petrit Ago (born 8 March 1990) is an Albanian model and actor.[http://www.imdb.com/name/nm3237885/resume]
Ago was born in Tirana, Albania. Leaving home at the age of 15, he has lived in Bulgaria. He was first discovered in Sofia, Bulgaria. He is part of the cast of American film , starring Norman Reedus and Claire Holt. He will be playing Randy.He will be also playing Stuart in Ghost Town (2009), and John Fields in Lightning Strikes (2009). [http://www.imdb.com/name/nm3237885/resume
Hobbies.
In his free time, Erbi enjoys martial arts, working out, playing tennis, soccer, and hanging out with friends. Erbi speaks five languages: Albanian, English, Italian, Spanish, and Bulgarian. [http://www.imdb.com/name/nm3237885/resume]

</doc>
<doc id="20866137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866137" title="Aiko Onozawa">
Aiko Onozawa

In 1968 she was a squad member of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20866139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866139" title="Yōko Kasahara">
Yōko Kasahara

In 1968 she was a squad member of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20866141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866141" title="Makiko Furukawa">
Makiko Furukawa

She was born in Inzai, Chiba.
In 1968 she was a squad member of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament.
Four years later she won her second Olympic silver medal with the Japanese team. She played all five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20866148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866148" title="Bedfordshire and Luton Archives and Records Service">
Bedfordshire and Luton Archives and Records Service

The Bedfordshire and Luton Archives and Records Service is a county record office, holding archival material associated with Bedfordshire and Luton. Established in 1913 by George Herbert Fowler (1861-1940) as the Bedfordshire Record Office, it was the first county record office in England. It is located in Bedford. 

</doc>
<doc id="20866208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866208" title="Kiwi (band)">
Kiwi (band)

Kiwi () is a girl group from Mongolia. Their music varies between melodic pop songs, R&B, and pumping disco beats. They have received several prominent awards for their work and are very successful with the younger generation in Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="20866222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866222" title="Arboretum de Charvols">
Arboretum de Charvols

The Arboretum de Charvols, of approximately hectare extent, also called the Arboretum du Plateau de La Chaise-Dieu, is an arboretum located in Malvières, Haute-Loire, Auvergne, France. It is open daily without charge.
The arboretum was established in 1993 on a former agricultural clearing in the middle of the forest of La Chaise-Dieu, at an altitude of approximately 900 meters, with a primary mission of timber trials for enrichment of the forest. It consists of almost 100 plots with collections containing 97 species (34 conifers, 38 hardwoods, 25 shrubs and fruit).

</doc>
<doc id="20866240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866240" title="Ross Smith (darts player)">
Ross Smith (darts player)

Ross Smith (born 12 January 1989) is an English darts player who plays in PDC events.
Career.
Smith began playing in Professional Darts Corporation events in 2005 and made his debut in the Vauxhall Spring Open, reaching the last 16. Smith then reached the final of the WDF Europe Youth Cup, losing to Dutchman Johnny Nijs. Smith had little success afterwards on the PDC circuit and switched to the BDO in 2007. He reached the last 16 of the 2008 British Classic and the 2008 Czech Open.
Smith qualified for the 2009 BDO World Darts Championship, winning one of five places in the qualifiers in Bridlington. He gained victories over Stuart Kellet, Kevin Simm and Henny van der Ster before beating Scotland's Don Haughton to qualify. He faced Scott Waites in the first round, losing 3-0.
In the 2011 BDO World Darts Championship, he beat Tony O'Shea 3-1 in the first round and Willy van de Wiel 4-1 in the second round, before losing to eventual champion Martin Adams 1-5 in the quarter finals. It was announced at the end of the 2012 BDO World Championship that Ross would be one of many players to compete in the rival PDC's 'Q School' the following season. He earned a tour card through the qualifiers Order of Merit. His best result of 2012 came just one week later as he reached the quarter-finals of the second Players Championship and lost 3–6 to Justin Pipe.
Smith qualified for three of the five new European Tour events, but lost in the first round on each occasion. He came very close to defeating world number 5 Simon Whitlock in the third event, the European Darts Open as he led 5–2, but went on to lose 5–6. 
Smith headed into 2013 ranked world number 79, and reached his first semi-final on the PDC tour in April at the seventh UK Open Qualifier, where he lost 6–3 to John Part. At the UK Open itself, he fought back from 7–4 down in the third round against Jelle Klaasen to level at 7–7, before being edged out 9–7. He threw a nine-dart finish in the second round of the Gibraltar Darts Trophy against Adrian Lewis, but lost 5–6. Smith won four events on the PDC Challenge Tour during 2013 to top the Order of Merit which has earned him a place in the Grand Slam of Darts and the 2014 World Championship and also a two year PDC tour card which includes all of his 2014 entry fees. In the Grand Slam he lost each of his three games to Simon Whitlock, Wes Newton and Mark Webster to finish bottom of Group G. He played Whitlock in the first round of the World Championship and was beaten 3–0 in sets.
He begins 2014 at 54th place in the rankings meaning he rose 25 positions during the previous year.

</doc>
<doc id="20866283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866283" title="SBC (codec)">
SBC (codec)

The Low Complexity Subband Coding or (SBC), is an audio subband codec specified by the Bluetooth Special Interest Group (SIG) for the Advanced Audio Distribution Profile (A2DP). SBC is a digital audio encoder and decoder used to transfer data to Bluetooth audio output devices like headphones or loudspeakers. It can be also used on the Internet. It was designed to obtain a reasonably good audio quality at medium bit rates while keeping low computational complexity, having Bluetooth bandwidth limitations and processing power in mind. As of A2DP version 1.3, the Low Complexity Subband Coding remains the default codec and its implementation is mandatory for devices supporting that profile. Other codecs can be run on top of A2DP along SBC though.
Design.
SBC supports mono and stereo streams, certain sampling frequencies up to 48 kHz and maximum bit rates of 198 kbit/s for mono and 345 kbit/s for stereo streams. It uses 4 or 8 subbands, an adaptive bit allocation algorithm in combination with an adaptive block PCM quantizers. Frans de Bont has based the SBC audio codec on his earlier work, and – in parts – on the MPEG-1 Audio Layer II standard. In addition, the SBC is based on the algorithms described in the EP-0400755B1. The patent owners wrote that they allow the free usage of SBC in Bluetooth application, with the view to boost the use of this technology.
All applications outside Bluetooth are, however, not free. The patent expired June 2, 2010.
Implementations.
The A2DP test specification (V1.0) contains a reference implementation of the encoder and decoder for the SBC codec. A Linux implementation is available at BlueZ - The linux Bluetooth Stack.

</doc>
<doc id="20866285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866285" title="Rock You E.P.">
Rock You E.P.

Rock You E.P. is a 2001 EP by Leona Naess, released in the run up to her second album, "I Tried To Rock You But You Only Roll" (2001). The EP contained non-album tracks from the album sessions and live and acoustic tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20866321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866321" title="Anthony Otter">
Anthony Otter

Anthony Otter (8 September 1896 – 9 March 1986) was the sixth Bishop of Grantham, from 1949 to 1965
He was educated at Repton and Trinity College, Cambridge. After wartime service with the RNVR, he was ordained in 1926. His first post was as a curate at Holy Trinity, Marylebone. From 1931 to 1949 he was Vicar of Lowdham, rising in time to be an Honorary Canon of Southwell Cathedral and Dean of Stamford, Lincolnshire before elevation to the Episcopate. He died on 9 March 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20866332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866332" title="List of Speedway World Cup meetings by city">
List of Speedway World Cup meetings by city

List of Speedway World Cup meetings by city

</doc>
<doc id="20866333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866333" title="2009 Intercity Football League">
2009 Intercity Football League

The 2009 Intercity Football League season is the third since its establishment in 2007. It started from February 14, 2009.
At the end of 2008, the Chinese Taipei Football Association decided to merge the Enterprise Football League into the Intercity Football League, and therefore the latter became the highest-ranked football league in Taiwan. 
Promotion and relation has been introduced since the 2009 season. According to the new regulations, the league includes two divisions. Division A consists of 6 teams, and the remaining teams participate in Division B. The last-placed team in Division A will be relegated to Division B while the champion of Division B will be promoted. The 5th-placed team in Division A and the runner-up of Division B will play two legs of playoff matches to determine who will play in Division A for the next season. 
In addition, to strengthen the collaboration and the relationship between each team and the local community, new league regulations also required each team to be named after the administrative division in which they were located, and 2/3 of the players should be local residents of that division for more than one month.
Qualifications.
Taipei City Tatung, Tainan County, and Kaohsiung Taipower automatically qualified for Division A after finishing in the top 4 places in the 2008 season. The remaining 3 Division A places were decided via a qualification tournament, which took place at the Pailing Sport Park from January 1 to January 4, 2009. There were 6 teams competing in in the tournament: Miaoli County, Kaohsiung City, Kaohsiung City Yoedy (高市耀迪), Yilan County, Taipei County Hanchuang (北縣悍創), and Tainan City. Taipei County Hanchuang, Kaohsiung City Yaoti, and Kaohsiung City qualified for Division A after finishing in the top 3 places in the qualification tournament. 
Division B.
Table.
Source: Chinese Taipei Football Association
Results.
Source: Chinese Taipei Football Association
Relegation/Promotion playoffs.
Taipei County Hanchuang won the playoff 25-0 in aggregate and remained in Division A.

</doc>
<doc id="20866345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866345" title="R762 road (Ireland)">
R762 road (Ireland)

The R762 road is a regional road in County Wicklow, Ireland, which connects the R761 at Greystones to the N11 national primary road.
The route runs east via Rathdown Road, turns south through the town as Church Road before turning west as Mill Road. It again intersects the R761 via a double junction at Delgany and then runs eastwards as Delgany Road and then Glen Road before terminating in the N11 at junction 10 located at the southern end of the Glen of the Downs Nature reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="20866348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866348" title="Francisco Rebolo">
Francisco Rebolo

Francisco Rebolo Gonsales, widely known as Francisco Rebolo, or just Rebolo (São Paulo, August 22, 1902 — São Paulo, July 10, 1980), was a Brazilian painter. He was a son of Spanish immigrants that arrived at Brasil in the end of 19th century.
He lived intensely two different life paths: he was a football player (soccer player, in USA terms), from 1917 a 1932. He played for Corinthians, from 1921 to 1927, and for Ypiranga after that. Both have their headquarters in São Paulo city. From 1934 on, he became a painter.
He was part of Grupo Santa Helena, together with Fulvio Pennacchi, Aldo Bonadei, Humberto Rosa, Manuel Martins, Clóvis Graciano, Mario Zanini, Alfredo Volpi and Alfredo Rizzotti.
Rebolo is considered as one of the most important landscape painters of Brazilian art. His work is estimated in more than 3.000 paintings, hundreds of drawings, and a set of fifty engraving images. Besides landscapes, he also had an important work with portraits and still life paintings, particularly of flowers. Nowadays, Rebolo works figure in the main Brazilian museums, in the collection catalog of cultural and governmental organizations, as well as in privately held collections all over Brazil.
Rebolo was also the creator of the coat of arms of the Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, drawn in the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="20866356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866356" title="Duplicate content">
Duplicate content

Duplicate content is a term used in the field of search engine optimization to describe content that appears on more than one web page. The duplicate content can be substantial parts of the content within or across domains and can be either exactly duplicate or closely similar. When multiple pages within a web site contain essentially the same content, search engines such as Google can penalise or cease displaying that site in any relevant search results.
Types.
Non-malicious duplicate content may include variations of the same page, such as versions optimized for normal HTML, mobile devices, or printer-friendliness, or store items that can be shown via multiple distinct URLs. Duplicate content issues can also arise when a site is accessible under multiple subdomains, such as with or without the "www." or where sites fail to handle the trailing slash of URLs correctly.
Malicious duplicate content refers to content that is intentionally duplicated in an effort to manipulate search results and gain more traffic. This is known as search spam.
A 301 Moved Permanently a.k.a. a "301 redirect" is a method of dealing with duplicate content to redirect users and search engine crawlers to the single
pertinent version of the content.

</doc>
<doc id="20866357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866357" title="Dublin City University RFC">
Dublin City University RFC

Dublin City University RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Glasnevin, Dublin. The club colours are yellow, blue and black.

</doc>
<doc id="20866358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866358" title="St. Joseph's Convent High School, Adilabad">
St. Joseph's Convent High School, Adilabad

St. Josephs Convent High School, Adilabad, is a Christian minority institution run by the Sisters of the Destitute Educational Society, Adilabad. 
The school, situated at the district head quarters of Adilabad, began on 14 November 1964.
Education.
St. Josephs Convent High School instructs students up to the 10th standard and prepares students for the SSC (Class 10) Matriculation Examination. The medium of instruction is English. Electives and clubs offered include Religion and Moral Science, Communications, Drama, General Knowledge (Debate), Dance, Art, Music, among many others. Training and activities are also provided in sports including karate, gymnastics, badminton, tennis, basketball, volleyball, skating, and aerobics.
History.
It was started at the request of the District Collector, Shri Rajamani, IAS and the Superintendent of Police, Shri Subramaniam, IPS. They felt the need for an English Medium School, run by Catholics, in the backward areas. They approached His Excellency Bishop Januarius CMI with a request to create the school. He put forward the matter to Mother General, Mother Rose Mary S.D. The land required for the establishment of the school was provided by Government and on 14 November 1964 the school came into existence.
In 1979 the school was given permanent recognition by the Andhra Pradesh Government.

</doc>
<doc id="20866378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866378" title="Norton, Powys">
Norton, Powys

Norton is a village in Powys, Wales, approximately north of the border town of Presteigne. The village lies within the borders of the former county of Radnorshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20866385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866385" title="Józefa Ledwig">
Józefa Ledwig

Józefa Ledwig Bęben (born April 18, 1935) is a Polish former volleyball player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Szerzyny.
In 1964 she was part of the Polish team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. She played two matches.
Four years later she won her second Olympic bronze medal with the Polish team. She played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20866399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866399" title="Synthetic cannabis">
Synthetic cannabis

Synthetic cannabis is a psychoactive designer drug created by spraying natural herbs with synthetic chemicals that, when consumed, produce psychoactive effects similar to the effects of cannabis. It is often known by the brand names K2 and Spice, both of which are genericized trademarks used for any synthetic cannabis product. Synthetic cannabis is often termed spice product. There is controversy about calling Spice and K2 synthetic cannabis. "Synthetic" is considered a misnomer, because the ingredients contained in these products are mimics, not copies of THC.
Research on the safety of synthetic cannabis is now becoming available. Initial studies are focused on the role of synthetic cannabis in psychosis. Synthetic cannabis may precipitate psychosis and in some cases it may be prolonged. Some studies suggest that synthetic cannabinoid intoxication is associated with acute psychosis, worsening of previously stable psychotic disorders, and it may trigger a chronic (long-term) psychotic disorder among vulnerable individuals such as those with a family history of mental illness.
When synthetic cannabis blends first went on sale in the early 2000s (decade), it was thought that they achieved an effect through a mixture of legal herbs. Laboratory analysis in 2008 showed that this is not the case, and that they in fact contain synthetic cannabinoids that act on the body in a similar way to cannabinoids naturally found in cannabis, such as THC. A large and complex variety of synthetic cannabinoids, most often cannabicyclohexanol, JWH-018, JWH-073, or HU-210, are used in an attempt to avoid the laws that make cannabis illegal, making synthetic cannabis a designer drug. It has been sold under various brand names, online, in head shops, and at some gas stations.
It is often marketed as "herbal incense"; however, some brands market their products as "herbal smoking blends". In either case, the products are usually smoked by users. Although synthetic cannabis does not produce positive results in drug tests for cannabis, it is possible to detect its metabolites in human urine. The synthetic cannabinoids contained in synthetic cannabis products have been made illegal in many European countries. On November 24, 2010, the US Drug Enforcement Administration announced it would use emergency powers to ban many synthetic cannabinoids within a month. Prior to the announcement, several US states had already made them illegal under state law. In the US, as of March 1, 2011, five cannabinoids, JWH-018, JWH-073, CP-47,497, JWH-200, and cannabicyclohexanol have been placed on Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act (and are therefore illegal to possess or use in the US); the Drug Enforcement Administration claims that said action is "to avoid an imminent hazard to the public safety." In July 2012, the Synthetic Drug Abuse Prevention Act of 2012 was signed into law. It banned synthetic compounds commonly found in synthetic marijuana, placing them under Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act.
History.
According to the Psychonaut Web Mapping Research Project, synthetic cannabis products, sold under the brand name Spice, first appeared in Europe in 2004. The brand "Spice" was released in 2004 by the now-dormant company The Psyche Deli in London, UK. In 2006 the brand gained popularity. According to the "Financial Times", the assets of The Psyche Deli rose from £65,000 in 2006 to £899,000 in 2007. The EMCDDA reported in 2009 that 'Spice' products were identified in 21 of the 30 participating countries. Because 'Spice' was the dominant brand until 2009, the competing brands that started to appear from 2008 on were also dubbed 'Spice'. Spice can, therefore, refer to both the brand 'Spice', as to all herbal blends with synthetic cannabinoids added.
A survey of readers of "Mixmag" in the UK in 2009 found that one in eight respondents had used synthetic cannabis, compared to 85% who had used cannabis.
Slang terms.
In addition to K2 and Spice, other street names include Black Mamba (Turnera diffusa), Bombay Blue, Fake Weed, Genie, and Zohai. According to Partnership at Drugfree.org, other names also include Bliss, Blaze, JWH -018, -073, -250, Yucatan Fire, Skunk and Moon Rocks.
Ingredients.
Synthetic cannabis is claimed by the manufacturers to contain a mixture of traditionally used medicinal herbs, each of which producing mild effects, with the overall blend resulting in the cannabis-like intoxication produced by the product. Herbs listed on the packaging of Spice include "Canavalia maritima", "Nymphaea caerulea", "Scutellaria nana", "Pedicularis densiflora", "Leonotis leonurus", "Zornia latifolia", "Nelumbo nucifera", and "Leonurus sibiricus". However, when the product was analyzed by laboratories in Germany and elsewhere, it was found that many of the characteristic "fingerprint" molecules expected to be present from the claimed plant ingredients were not present. There were also large amounts of synthetic tocopherol present. This suggested that the actual ingredients might not be the same as those listed on the packet, and a German government risk assessment of the product conducted in November 2008 concluded that it was unclear as to what the actual plant ingredients were, where the synthetic tocopherol had come from, and whether the subjective cannabis-like effects were actually produced by any of the claimed plant ingredients or instead caused by a synthetic cannabinoid drug.
Synthetic cannabinoid ingredients.
In January 2009, researchers at the University of Freiburg in Germany announced that an active substance in Spice was an undisclosed analogue of the synthetic cannabinoid CP 47,497. Later that month, CP 47,497 along with its dimethylhexyl, dimethyloctyl and dimethylnonyl homologues, were added to the German controlled drug schedules. In May the analogue of CP 47,497 was named cannabicyclohexanol.
In July 2010, it was announced that JWH-018 is one of the active components in at least three versions of Spice, which had been sold in a number of countries around the world since 2002, often marketed as incense. Another potent synthetic cannabinoid, HU-210, has been reported to have been found in Spice seized by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. An analysis of samples acquired four weeks after the German prohibition of JWH-018 took place found that the compound had been replaced with JWH-073.
Different ratios of JWH-018 and CP 47,497 and their analogues have been found in different brands of synthetic cannabis and manufacturers constantly change the composition of their products. The amount of JWH-018 in Spice has been found to vary from 0.2% to 3%.
Other non-cannabinoid ingredients have also been found in synthetic cannabis blends around the world including substituted cathinone derived stimulant drugs such as 4-methylbuphedrone and 4-methyl-alpha-PPP, and psychedelic tryptamine derivatives such as 4-HO-DET. In 2013 a designer opioid drug AH-7921 was detected in smoking blends in Japan, along with several novel cannabinoids and a cathinone analogue.
An analysis of 41 different synthetic cannabis blends sold commercially in New Zealand, conducted by the Institute of Environmental Science and Research and released in July 2011, found 11 different synthetic cannabinoid ingredients used: including JWH-018, JWH-073, AM-694, AM-2201, RCS-4, RCS-4 butyl homologue, JWH-210, JWH-081, JWH-250 (or possibly JWH-302, isomer not determined), JWH-203, and JWH-122—with between one and five different active ingredients, though JWH-018 was present in 37 of the 41 blends tested. In two brands the benzodiazepine anxiolytic drug phenazepam was also found, which is classified as a prescription medicine in New Zealand, and so these brands were ordered to be removed from the market by emergency recall. Since this time, a further 15 cannabinoid compounds have been detected as ingredients of synthetic cannabis blends in New Zealand and banned as temporary class drugs. In 2013 another hypnotic medication, zaleplon was found to have been used as an active ingredient in a blend that had been sold in New Zealand during 2011-2012.
Safety.
No official studies have been conducted on the effects of synthetic cannabinoids on humans (as is usually the case with known toxic and/or illegal compounds) However, reports describing effects seen in patients seeking medical care after taking synthetic cannabinoids have been published. Compared to marijuana and its active cannabinoid THC, the adverse effects are often much more severe and can include hypertension, tachycardia, myocardial infarction, agitation, vomiting, hallucinations, psychoses, seizures, convulsions and panic attacks. At least one death has been linked to overdose of synthetic cannabinoids and in Colorado three deaths in September 2013 have been investigated for being linked to synthetic cannabinoids. In December 2012, after two weeks of daily synthetic cannabis use, a 17-year old girl suffered multiple strokes and subsequent brain damage, leaving her blind and paralyzed.
These more severe adverse effects in contrast to use of marijuana are believed to stem from the fact that many of the synthetic cannabinoids are full agonists to the cannabinoid receptors, CB1R and CB2R, compared to THC which is only a partial agonist and thus not able to saturate and activate all of the receptor population no matter of dose and resulting concentration. It has also been seen that phase 1 metabolism of JWH-018 results in at least nine monohydroxylated metabolites and with at least three of the metabolites shown to have full agonistic effect on CB1R which compared to metabolism of THC only results in one psychoactive monohydroxylated metabolite. This may further explain the increased toxicity of synthetic cannabinoids compared to THC.
Professor John W. Huffman, who first synthesised many of the cannabinoids used in synthetic cannabis, is quoted as saying, "People who use it are idiots." "You don't know what it's going to do to you." A user who consumed 3 g of Spice Gold every day for several months showed withdrawal symptoms, similar to those associated with withdrawing from the use of narcotics. Doctors treating the user also noted that his use of the product showed signs associated with addiction. One case has been reported wherein a user, who had previously suffered from cannabis-induced recurrent psychotic episodes, suffered reactivation of his symptoms after using Spice. Psychiatrists treating him have suggested that the lack of an antipsychotic chemical, similar to cannabidiol found in natural cannabis, may make synthetic cannabis more likely to induce psychosis than natural cannabis.
Studies are currently available which suggest an association between synthetic cannabinoids and psychosis. Physicians should be aware that the use of synthetic cannabinoids can be associated with psychosis and investigate possible use of synthetic cannabinoids in patients with inexplicable psychotic symptoms. Also, people with risk factors for psychosis should be counseled against using synthetic cannabinoids.
Drug testing.
Spice does not cause a positive drug test for cannabis or other illegal drugs using GC-MS-screening with library search, multi-target screening by LC-MS/MS, or immunological screening procedures. A study has been conducted into the detection of metabolites of JWH-018 in urine; the metabolites are mainly conjugates with glucuronic acid and can be reliably detected by GC–MS/MS and LC–MS/MS.
Legal status.
North America.
Canada.
Spice and specific forms of JWHxxx are not specifically prohibited in Canada, but synthetic cannabis is listed as a schedule II drug.
Health Canada is debating on the subject.
United States.
The case of David Mitchell Rozga, an American teenager from Indianola, Iowa, United States, brought international attention to K2. Rozga shot himself in the head with a family owned hunting rifle in an apparent suicide in June 6, 2010. After news of Rozga's death, it was reported by friends that they had smoked K2 with Rozga approximately one hour before his death. The nature of his death and reports from numerous family members, had led investigators to believe that it was likely Rozga was under the influence of a mind altering substance, at the time of his death. The death of Rozga has been used as a face of political lobbying against the continuation of K2, and other legal synthetic drugs, such as bath salts.
Following the incident, an act to ban the use and distribution of the drug was proposed by the US Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa as the "David Mitchell Rozga Act". It was approved into legislation by the United States Congress in June 2011. On July 10, 2012, President Barack Obama signed the Synthetic Drug Abuse Prevention Act of 2012 into law. It banned synthetic compounds commonly found in synthetic marijuana, placing them under Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act.
Prior to that, some compounds within synthetic cannabis (HU-210) were scheduled in the USA under federal law, while others (JWH-073) have been temporarily scheduled until final determination of their status can be made. citing "...a surge in emergency-room visits and calls to poison-control centers. Adverse health effects associated with its use include seizures, hallucinations, paranoid behavior, agitation, anxiety, nausea, vomiting, racing heartbeat, and elevated blood pressure."
Several states independently passed acts making it illegal under state law, including Kansas in March 2010, Georgia and Alabama in May 2010, Tennessee and Missouri in July 2010, Louisiana in August 2010, Mississippi in September 2010, and Iowa. An emergency order was passed in Arkansas in July 2010 banning the sale of synthetic cannabis. In October 2010, the Oregon Board of Pharmacy listed synthetic cannabinoid chemicals on its Schedule 1 of controlled substance, which means that the sale and possession of these substances is illegal under the Oregon Uniform Controlled Substances Act. According to the National Conference of State Legislatures, several other states are also considering legislation, including New Jersey, New York, Florida, and Ohio. Illinois passed a law on July 27, 2010 banning all synthetic cannabinoids that goes into effect January 1, 2011. Michigan banned synthetic cannabinoids in October 2010, and the South Dakota Legislature passed a ban on these products which was signed into law by Gov. Dennis Daugaard on February 23, 2012 (and which took immediate effect under an emergency clause of the state constitution). Indiana banned synthetic cannabinoids in a law which became effective in March 2012. North Carolina banned synthetic cannabis by a unanimous vote of the state senate, due to concerns that its contents and effects are reasonably similar to natural cannabis, and may cause equal effects in terms of psychological dependency.
Following cases in Japan involving the use of synthetic cannabis by Navy, Army and Marine Corps personnel resulted in the official banning of it, a punitive general order issued on January 4, 2010 by the Commander Marine Corps Forces, Pacific prohibits the actual or attempted possession, use, sale, distribution or manufacture of synthetic cannabis as well as any derivative, analogue or variant of it. On June 8, 2010, the U.S. Air Force issued a memorandum that banned the possession and use of Spice, or any other mood-altering substance except alcohol or tobacco, among its service members.
On November 24, 2010, the DEA announced that it would make JWH-018, JWH-073, JWH-200, CP-47,497, and cannabicyclohexanol, which are often found in synthetic cannabis, illegal using emergency powers. They will be placed in Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act, within a month of the announcement, and the ban will last for at least a year. The temporary ban, for at least a year, came into effect on March 1, 2011.
On October 20, 2011, the Louisiana State University football program announced that it had suspended three players, including star cornerback Tyrann Mathieu, who tested positive for synthetic cannabis.

</doc>
<doc id="20866407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866407" title="Sandakhshatra">
Sandakhshatra

Sandakhshatra, Sandaksatru or Sandakuru was a Cimmerian king in the late 7th century BC. According to the Assyrian inscriptions provided by Ashurbanipal, King of Assyria, he was the son of Tugdamme. These inscriptions show that Tugdamme was killed in battle but that Sandakhshatra survived and thus became the next King of the Saka, a Scythian tribe. It has been speculated that Sandakhshatra was the famed Cyaxares who helped in conquering Assyria.

</doc>
<doc id="20866420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866420" title="Motorcycle tyre">
Motorcycle tyre

Motorcycle tyres provide the only contact with the ground, via the contact patch under normal conditions, and so have a very large influence over motorcycle handling characteristics. Motorcycle tyres have a round cross section to facilitate the leaning necessary when a motorcycle turns. The unworn portion of tyre near the outer edge may be referred to as .
Motorcycles mainly use pneumatic tyres. However, in some cases where punctures are common (some enduros), the tyres are filled with a "mousse" which is unpunctureable. Both types of tyre come in many configurations.
Types.
Motorcycle tyres are available for many different applications, including: Sport, Sport Touring, Touring, Cruiser, Scooter, On/Off Road, Dual-Sport, Enduro, Motocross and Racing. There are tyres designed for dirtbikes, touring, sport and cruiser bikes.
Sport/performance tyres provide amazing grip but may last 1,000 miles (1,600 km) or less. Cruiser and "sport touring" tyres try to find the best compromise between grip and durability. There is also a type of tyre developed specifically for racing. These tyres offer the highest of levels of grip for cornering. Because of the high temperatures at which these tyres typically operate, use on the street is unsafe because the tyres will typically not reach optimum temperature before a rider arrives at the destination, thus providing almost no grip "en route". In racing situations, racing tyres would normally be brought up to temperature in advance by the use of tyre warmers.
Sport Touring tyres are generally not used for high cornering loads, but for long straights, good for riding across the country.
Sport Street tyres are for aggressive street riders that spend most of their time carving corners on public roadways. These tyres do not have a long life, but in turn have better traction in high speed cornering. Street and sport street tyres have good traction even when cold, but when warmed too much, can actually lose traction as their internal temperature increases.
Track or Slick tyres are for track days or races. They may have more of a triangular profile, which in turn gives a larger contact patch while leaned over. These tyres are not recommended for the street by manufactures, and are known to have a shorter life on the street. Due to the triangulation of the tyre, there will be less contact patch in the centre, causing the tyre to develop a flat spot quicker when used to ride on straightaways for long periods of time and have no tread so they lose almost all grip in the wet. Racing slicks are always made of a softer rubber compound and do not provide as much traction as street tyres until warmed to a higher internal temperature than street tyres normally operate at. Most street riding will not put a sufficient amount of friction on the tyre to maintain the slick's optimal tyre temperature, especially in colder climates and in spring and fall.
Off road tyres have knobby, deep treads for maximum grip on loose dirt, mud, sand, or gravel; such tyres tend to be less stable on paved surfaces.
Touring tyres are usually made of harder rubber for greater durability. They may last longer, but they tend to provide less outright grip than sports tyres at optimal operating temperatures. The tradeoff is that touring tyres typically offer more grip at lower temperatures, meaning they can be more suitable for riding in cold or winter conditions whereas a sport tyre may never reach the optimal operating temperature.
Properties.
There are several properties of motorcycle tyres that influence the performance, handling, and stability of a motorcycle.
Speed and construction.
As with four-wheeled vehicles, tyres for motorcycle have a tyre code, which describes a tyre's width, height/width aspect ratio, wheel diameter, load index and speed rating. 
The most common are:
Load index
Speed rating

</doc>
<doc id="20866424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866424" title="Maria Golimowska">
Maria Golimowska

Maria Golimowska Chylińska (born August 28, 1932) is a Polish former volleyball player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Lachowo.
In 1964 she was part of the Polish team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. She played all five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20866452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866452" title="Building Homes from What We've Known">
Building Homes from What We've Known

"Building Homes from What We've Known" is the debut full-length album by The Scene Aesthetic. It was released on April 7, 2006 and later re-released, with additional tracks, as a self-titled album.
Track listing.
All songs written by The Scene Aesthetic.
Personnel.
Andrew de Torres – Guitar, Vocals<br>Eric Bowley – Vocals
Brandon Metcalf - Producer, Engineer, Mixer 

</doc>
<doc id="20866458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866458" title="Jadwiga Rutkowska">
Jadwiga Rutkowska

Jadwiga Rutkowska (née "Abisiak", later "Dobrowolska", February 2, 1934 – June 19, 2004) was a Polish volleyball player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Guzów and died in Warsaw.
In 1964 she was part of the Polish team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. She played two matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20866484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866484" title="Río Pilcomayo National Park">
Río Pilcomayo National Park

The Río Pilcomayo National Park () is a national park located in the northeastern part of the Argentine province of Formosa, on the border with Paraguay. Established on September 29, 1951 to protect the natural features (grasslands, marshes, creeks, lakes and forests), typical of the Humid Chaco ecoregion, the park is included in the Ramsar Convention's list of wetlands of international importance.
Topography.
The park occupies a large plain, which was formed when a depression in Paleozoic crystalline rocks was filled with organic and inorganic sediments, thus creating a sedimentary basin. The uppermost sediment levels are of fluvial and aeolian origin. The eastern parts of the park are dominated by silts and clays, creating less permeable soils, while the western parts contain soils that are coarser and more porous.
There are fault lines that were generated during formation of the Andes, lying parallel to the Paraguay River. While the park's territory is gently sloping down from west to east, there is very little variety in elevation. The subtle differences become important in times of heavy rains and floods, when the area becomes inundated with pools of water connected by channels forming in the most low lying areas.
Hydrography.
The Pilcomayo River, after which the park is named, is the main watercourse of the area. During the wet season, the river and its tributaries flood the nearby areas, creating large swaths of interconnected lakes and marshes, most of which are temporary. The southern end of the park contains a larger lake called Laguna Blanca, which is a habitat for many waterfowl species and a resting point for migratory bird species coming from the Northern hemisphere.
Climate.
The park is located in a subtropical zone with annual mean temperature of and annual mean precipitation of . Summer temperatures can exceed , but during winters, frost is not uncommon. Winters are dry, while precipitation peaks in March and November. The area is affected by frequent tornadoes.
Flora.
For the purposes of classifying the park's types of plants, the area can be divided into 4 distinct zones. One is savanna, which is dominated by the Caranday wax palm, an unofficial emblem of the area, towering over a dense cover of herbaceous plants (especially from the "Scirpus" genus). Other trees include such species as "Acacia caven" and "Prosopis nigra".
Wetlands are dominated by aquatic vegetation. Floating plants include water hyacinths, "Limnocharitaceae", "Nymphoides" and "Ludwigia".
Another distinct zone is adjacent to the Pilcomayo River and its former channels, which are frequently flooded. It is dominated by riparian vegetation. Figs and sweetwood trees can be found there, covered by many species of lianas, vines and epiphytes.
The patchy vegetation of the higher lands, forming distinctive "mountain islands", represent the fourth zone. Quebracho trees ("Schinopsis balansae" and "Aspidosperma quebracho-blanco") can frequently be found there.
Fauna.
Higher lands are inhabited by such mammals as the Gray Brocket, capybara, peccary, howler monkey and puma; birds include chachalacas and rails. The Maned Wolf can be found in the lowlands, along with such birds as the Greater Rhea and seriemas.
Aquatic environments are inhabited by storks, herons, Roseate Spoonbills and ducks. There are two caiman species: the Broad-snouted Caiman and the Yacare Caiman. The fish population includes species from the "Hoplosternum" genus that can use atmospheric air and thus tolerate droughts that frequently affect shallow water bodies in the area. 
The snake population is represented by the Boidae family and includes such species as "Eunectes notaeus" and "Eunectes murinus". "Hydrodynastes gigas", a venomous water snake, is also found in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20866498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866498" title="Danuta Kordaczuk">
Danuta Kordaczuk

Danuta Kordaczuk (later "Wagner", September 2, 1939 – April 10, 1988) was a Polish volleyball player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
She was born and died in Warsaw. She was the wife of Hubert Wagner.
In 1964 she was part of the Polish team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. She played all five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20866500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866500" title="Bangladesh Election Commission">
Bangladesh Election Commission

The Bangladesh Election Commission () is an independent constitutional body of the nation of Bangladesh that operates the legal functions of Election law in Bangladesh.
Article 118 of the Bangladeshi Constitution consisting of a Chief Election Commissioner and such number of other Election Commissioners, if any, as the President may from time to time direct.
The appointment of the Chief Election Commissioner of Bangladesh and other Election Commissioners (if any) is made by the President. When the Election Commission consists of more than one person, the Chief Election Commissioner is to act as its Chairman. Under the Constitution the term of office of any Election Commissioner is five years from the date on which he enters upon office. A person who has held office as Chief Election Commissioner is not eligible for appointment in the service of the Republic. Any other Election Commissioner is, on ceasing to hold such office, eligible for appointment as Chief Election Commissioner, but is not eligible for appointment in the service of the Republic. Powers of Election Commission (Article 118(4) and 126 of the Constitution, read with Article 4 of the Representation of the People Order, 1972): The Election Commission is an independent constitutional body in the exercise of its functions and subject only to the Constitution and any other law. The Commission may authorize its Chairman or any of its members or any of its officers to exercise and perform all or any of its powers and functions under the law. Article 126 of the Constitution and Articles 4 and 5 of the Representation of the People Order, 1972 provide that it shall be the duty of all executive authorities to assist the Election Commission in the discharge of its functions. The Commission has the power to require any person or authority to perform such functions or render such assistance for the purpose of electron as it may direct.
Functions and Powers.
Registration of Political Parties.
A law regarding to this registration process was enacted in 2008 and number of parties got registered with Commission. It helps to avoid confusion and headache of the administrative machinery as well as confusion of the electorate. It ensures that political parties can practice democracy only by their registration.
Secretariat.
Central.
Bangladesh Election Commission has its own secretariat as per Election Commission Secretariat Act 2009, which is headed by a Secretary. The Secretariat is located in Dhaka and has an Electoral Training Institute, field offices at the Regional, District and Upazilla/Thana level. Functions of the Election Commission Secretariat is to execute the decisions and orders of the Commission.
Regional.
There Election Offices located at 7 Divisional Headquarters and 3 other districts.
Functions of the Divisional Offices are to maintain liaison between the Election Commission Secretariat and the subordinate field level offices and to co-ordinate the work relating to conduct of all types of elections and registration of voters and preparation of electoral rolls including day to day amendment and correction in the list of electoral rolls and other matters as and when entrusted by the Election Commission.
District
There are 83 District Election Offices in the 64 District Headquarters headed by District Election Officer.
Functions:
The District Election Officers carry out all work relating to registration of voters, printing of voters list, management of national and local level elections, training of polling personnel and all logistical arrangements for elections.
As an officer of the Election Commission, the District Election Officer renders all possible assistance to the Returning Officer and polling personnel with forms, packets, manuals, instructions and supply of ballot boxes, electoral rolls, ballot papers and maintains all accounts for expenses incurred for different elections.
Upazill/Thana setup
At the lowest tier of the field organization, there are Upazilla/Thana Election Officers in all Upazilla/Thanas.
The main functions of the Upazilla/Thana Election Officer are to assist divisional/district offices in the discharge of functions relating to elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20866542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866542" title="Dennis Hawker">
Dennis Hawker

Denis Gascoyne Hawker was the eighth Bishop of Grantham. 
Born on 8 February 1921 and educated at Addey and Stanhope School and Queens' College, Cambridge, after World War II service with the Royal Marines he was ordained in 1951. His first post was as a curate at St Mary and St Eanswythe, Folkestone, after which he was Vicar of St Mark, South Norwood. From 1960 he was "St Hugh’s Missioner" for the Diocese of Lincoln and later became Vicar of St Mary and St James, Great Grimsby before elevation to the Episcopate. He died on 31 January 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20866579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866579" title="Köýtendag Range">
Köýtendag Range

Köýtendag Range (also Koytendag Range or Kugitangtau Range, ) is a spur of the Pamir-Alay mountains in the south-east of Turkmenistan, extending along the border with Uzbekistan's Surkhandarya Province. It rises to at Mount Aýrybaba, which is the highest summit in Turkmenistan.
The Köýtendag Nature Reserve is located within the range.

</doc>
<doc id="20866582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866582" title="George Herbert Fowler">
George Herbert Fowler

George Herbert Fowler (4 September 1861, Lincoln – 15 August 1940, Aspley Guise) was an English zoologist, historian and archivist.
Fowler was educated at Marlborough College, Eton College and Keble College, Oxford. From 1887 to 1889 he was assistant to E. Ray Lankester at University College, London. In 1890 he was interim director of the recently founded Plymouth laboratory of the Marine Biological Association. In 1891 he returned to teaching zoology at UCL. Fowler and R. Norris Wolfenden founded the Challenger Society for Marine Science in 1903. Fowler retired from UCL in 1909. 
In retirement Fowler lived at Aspley Guise, Bedfordshire, and his interests turned to local history. He established the Bedfordshire Historical Record Society in 1912 and the Bedfordshire Record Office in 1913, continuing to serve as chairman of the county records committee until 1940. During World War I he worked in hydrographic and naval intelligence, preparing charts for use by submarines. In 1923 he published "The Care of County Muniments", which remained for many years the only manual in English relating to the care of local archives. He was also active in the establishment of the British Records Association in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="20866584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866584" title="1930 World Snooker Championship">
1930 World Snooker Championship

The 1930 World Snooker Championship snooker tournament was played in various locations throughout the season, with the final being held at the Thurston's Hall, London, England.
Joe Davis won his fourth World title by defeating Tom Dennis 25–12 in the final. Davis also made a 79 break, the highest break in the history of the tournament, breaking his own record he set in the previous year.

</doc>
<doc id="20866619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866619" title="HMS Merlin (1666)">
HMS Merlin (1666)

HMS "Merlin" was an 8-gun yacht of the Royal Navy. In 1671 she played an important role in provoking the Third Anglo-Dutch War. While carrying the wife of the British ambassador Sir William Temple, Dorothy Osborne, through the Dutch fleet anchored near Den Briel, the Dutch warships fired 'white smoke' as a salute, as was mandatory under treaty, but did not lower their flags. The 8-gun royal yacht started firing live rounds.
The Dutch commander Van Ghent, who knew both Sir William and his wife very well, had himself rowed over to the small vessel to enquire what the problem was. The answer was that the yacht expected to be greeted as a full warship, as a 1662 treaty prescribed. Van Ghent answered that he was doubtful as to whether the "Merlin" was in that category and did not want to create a precedent.
Charles now ordered the intriguer George Downing, the new ambassador in The Hague, to demand that the admiral would be severely punished, which the States-General of the Netherlands refused.
The yacht "Merlin" is again noted as the vessel that Captain Greenville Collins commanded in the seven years between 1681 and 1693 when he created a complete survey of the coastline of the British coast. The work was published by Freeman Collins and sold by Richard Mount of London as the "Great Britain's Coasting Pilot. It may have been based to some extent on Dutch maps but the speed and breadth of the work was identified as a laudable act of hydrography.

</doc>
<doc id="20866626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866626" title="Mikhail Gnessin">
Mikhail Gnessin

Mikhail Fabianovich Gnessin (; sometimes transcribed "Gnesin"; 3 January 18832 February 1957) was a Russian Jewish composer and teacher. Gnessin's works "The Maccabeans" and "The Youth of Abraham" earned him the nickname the "Jewish Glinka".
Early life and education.
Gnessin was born in Rostov-on-Don, Russia, the son of Rabbi Fabian Osipovich Gnessin and Bella Isaevna Fletzinger. Each of the Gnessin children appears to have possessed musical talent, and Gnessin's three elder sisters, Evgenia, Elena and Maria, all graduated with distinction from the Moscow Conservatory. His sisters went on to found the Gnessin State Musical College (now the Gnessin Russian Academy of Music), an elite music school in Moscow in 1895.
Gnessin studied from 1892 to 1899 at the Rostov Technical Institute. In 1901, he entered the St. Petersburg Conservatory where he studied under Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, Alexander Glazunov and Anatoly Lyadov. In 1905 he was expelled for taking part in a student strike during the Revolution of 1905. He was reinstated the following year. In 1908 his early work "Vrubel" won the Glinka Prize. That same year he helped found, along with Lazare Saminsky and others, the Society for Jewish Folk Music. During this period Gnessin continued to take part in Socialist activities, teaching music to factory workers at workmen's clubs. 
Among Gnessin's other early works was a 'symphonic fragment' (his Op. 4), based on Shelley's poem "Prometheus Unbound". But much of his work at this time, and in the future, was associated with Jewish traditional musical styles which had become increasingly popular in Russia prior to 1914.
Just prior to the Revolution, Jewish music and musicians in Russia were experiencing a nationalist boom. Figures such as Rimsky-Korsakov and Stasov were actively encouraging the establishment of such a school...both Tsarist and Soviet authorities were not too happy about this development, and gave grudging permission for the folk side of Jewish culture to be established, rather than an openly Jewish nationalist compositional movement. Paradoxically, the number of Jewish performers within Russian culture was huge, and included many world-famous names.
In 1911, Gnessin traveled abroad, studying in Berlin and Paris. He then spent a year (1912-1913) studying at Vsevolod Meyerhold's studio in St. Petersburg. In 1913, Meyerhold opened a small theatrical school known as Dr. Dapertutto's Studio. In return for a nominal fee students were provided classes in theatre history, "commedia dell'arte", Scenic Movement, and practical music and speech. The latter class was taught by Gnessin.
Actors in Dr Dapertutto's Studio in St Petersburg learned 'musicality', and the voice and speech work was incorporated into a course called 'The Musical Interpretation of Drama', taught by the composer Mikhail Gnessin. Gnessin included in his classes simple and complex forms of choral speech and plenty of singing, and indeed he analysed speech as song, so that actors often sang longer speeches for an exercise.
Later that year Gnessin returned to Rostov, where he continued to teach. He remained there until 1923.
Igor Stravinsky, who knew Gnessin prior to the Revolution of 1917, described him years later:
Gnessin himself was a striking character. He dressed as an Orthodox Hebrew, but at the same time was identified with radically anti-sectarian political and social views. I once sent him a note, after we had dined together, saying that I was delighted by our "sympathetic understanding." He answered me in a surprised and slightly shocked tone saying that he was sorry but I had been mistaken; he had felt no such sympathy. That was typical of Gnessin and, I suppose, it explains why I remember him.
After the Revolution.
After the Revolution, Gnessin and his music, initially, fared quite well. Traditional Jewish art, including music, flourished during this period, and a Jewish nationalist school of music was encouraged by the new Soviet government. Gnessin produced several works during this period, among them: "Songs from the Old Country" ( 1919); "The Maccabees" (1921); "The Youth of Abraham" (1922); "Song of Songs" (1922); "The Jewish Orchestra at the Ball of the Town Bailiff" (1926); "Red-Headed Motele" (1926-1929); "Ten Jewish Songs" (1927).
Pursuing his interest in traditional Jewish music, Gnessin traveled to Palestine in 1914, and again, in 1921. During the latter visit he "secluded himself for a few months in the wild mountain scenery of Bab al Wad," where he composed the first act of his opera "The Youth of Abraham." He briefly considered emigrating to Palestine, but became "disenchanted" and returned to the Soviet Union.
Author and music critic David Ewen wrote, in "Composers Today":
There is fire and madness in this music; the rhythms rush in every direction, like winds in a hurricane. But there is a shimmering background to all this chaos; a poignant voice in all this outburst. One hears in this music the strange pathos of the Hebrews. The same pathos with which Isiah warned his beloved race of a pending and inevitable doom, the same pathos with which Israel thinks about its long exile in unfriendly countries - that same pathos is to be found in Gnessin's operas.
His teaching career also flourished. From 1923 to 1935 Gnessin taught at the Gnessin Institute; he was simultaneously employed as Professor of Composition at the Moscow Conservatory from 1925 to 1936. In 1945 Gnessin became head of the Gnessin Institute.
Later career.
Gnessin, like many artists of Jewish descent, faced increasing discrimination in 1930s.
The position of Jews in the Soviet Union has always been a difficult one in that, unlike other ethnic minorities, Jewish culture has never received official backing, except in the 1920s...For example, the five volume "History of Music of the Peoples of the USSR" gives information on very small ethnic minorities, while the Jews, number around three million, are ignored. After the late 1930s, mention of Jewish music disappears from Soviet reference books altogether. It is significant that the 1932 edition of the "Great Soviet Encyclopedia" devoted eight-two pages to Jews; the 1952 edition has one page (devoted to Jews)! In the bibliography to that meager article is a classic anti-Semitic text from Germany.
Gnessin was forced to abandon both his "progressive tendencies" and his interest in music with "an overtly Jewish theme". His teaching career also suffered. While he would retain his position as titular head of the Gnessin Institute until his death, in the late 1940s, Gnessin's sister, Elena, was compelled by Communist Party stalwarts to dismiss him from his teaching duties.
Apart from the Conservatoire, other educational institutions incurred repressions; as a consequence of the anti-cosmopolitanism campaign, the Gnessin Music Institute received commands and notices from higher bodies to fire various members of staff, the most distinguished being the composer and teacher Mikhail Gnessin. Yelena Fabianovna Gnessina felt how differently her relations changed with the Committee of Arts. She discovered the intimidating reports and slanderous letters given against her and Mikhail Fabianovich. Sadly, there was no other course but to release her brother from his teaching duties so as to avoid a worse fate.
Gnessin's teaching career, and the discriminatory politics of his era, also meant that his compositions were less prolific after 1935.
Gnessin counted Aram Khachaturian and Russian composer Tikhon Khrennikov among his pupils.
He died in Moscow on 2 February 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="20866628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866628" title="Alan Norris (darts player)">
Alan Norris (darts player)

Alan Norris (born 21 February 1972 in Yeovil) is an English darts player who plays within the British Darts Organisation. Norris moved to Spain to work for a Swedish-based company but was eventually sent to Sweden in 2000 and represented Sweden until 2009, when he returned to England and began representing his home country once more. He currently resides in Holland, having also previously lived in Scotland. Norris's most notable achievements to date have been reaching the final of the 2014 BDO World Darts Championship and the 2012 Zuiderduin Masters, losing on both occasions to Stephen Bunting.
Biography.
Norris won the 2007 Sweden National Championships, beating Daniel Larsson in the final. He had earlier reached the semi-finals of the Finnish Open. Norris then narrowly missed out qualifying for the last 16 of the 2007 Winmau World Masters, having beaten Michael Rosenauer, Mitchell Crooks and Daniel Brouwer before losing to Jordy Terburg. A quarter final place in the 2007 Swedish Open followed.
Norris made his televised debut by reaching the quarter finals of the 2008 Welsh Open, which was shown live on Setanta Sports. He defeated Martin Adams in the earlier rounds and then went on to beat Ian Jones in the quarter finals before losing to eventual winner Gary Anderson in the semi finals. He then reached the quarter-finals of the Norway Open, Denmark Open and the Zuiderduin Masters and also reached the semifinals of the Welsh Classic and the Swedish Open.
Norris qualified for the 2009 BDO World Darts Championship, taking one of the automatic non-seeded spots. He defeated 13th seed Steve West 3-0 in the first round but lost 4-0 to 4th seed Scott Waites in the second round.
Returning as 8th seed, Norris lost 3-2 to Robert Wagner in the first round at the 2010 BDO World Darts Championship despite averaging over 90 compared to Wagner's 86, but stayed at the Lakeside as a commentator, for which he was praised.
He had a mixed 2010 season, in which he won the French Open beating Kim Huybrechts. He also got to the semifinals of the European Open in Airdrie. He also tried to qualify for the 2010 UK Open Darts but failed in the last 64 of the qualifying to Ryan Murray.
Norris played in the 2011 BDO World Darts Championship. In the first round he beat seventh seed Ross Montgomery 3-1, but was beaten in the second round by 10th seed Garry Thompson.
Norris played at his fourth successive World Championship in 2012, and once again won his first-round match, this time against 14th seed Benito van de Pas 3-2. In the second round, he recovered from 3-1 down against third seed Dean Winstanley to win 4-3 and reach his first World Championship quarter-final, where he was beaten 5-1 by eventual champion Christian Kist. In the match against Kist, Norris had a shot at double-12 for a nine-dart leg, which would have been only the second in the history of the tournament, but missed the shot and ended up losing the leg.
In December 2012, Norris reached the final at the Zuiderduin Masters, a run that included a 112 three-dart average in his final group match as well as two 170 checkouts. However, he was eventually beaten 5-0 by world number one Stephen Bunting in the final.
Norris was then the number 9 seed for the World Championship in 2013, his fifth successive appearance in the competition. Norris beat Welshman Wayne Warren in the first round 3-1, however, was beaten in a tightly contested second round game, losing 4-3 to 8th seeded Dutchman, Wesley Harms.
After a slow season, Norris entered the 2014 World Championship as an unseeded player and was drawn against defeating champion Scott Waites in the first round. Norris won the match 3-0 averaging over 93 and with a checkout success of almost 50%. He followed this up with another clinical performance in a 4-1 win over Glen Durrant, before beating James Wilson 5-2 in a match described by commentators as one of the best in Lakeside history due to its consistently high scoring. In the semi-finals, Norris trailed Jan Dekker 4-2 after missing three darts to lead 3-1, but eventually won the match 6-5 after Dekker himself missed set darts in the ninth set that would have seen him lead 5-4. Both players hit a number of crucial finishes, most notably Dekker hitting a 158 checkout to hold his throw in the deciding set which would otherwise have seen Norris throw for the match, and the game was cited as the best in that year's tournament by Bobby George among others. Norris played world number one Stephen Bunting in the final and kept the match tight in the first session, entering the interval at 3-3 in sets having seen Bunting miss darts to win two of the sets Norris won. In the seventh set, Norris missed one dart at double four to lead 4-3 having also earlier thrown for the set, then missed darts at double in the first two legs of the eighth as Bunting moved into a 6-3 lead. Norris hit back by winning the tenth set courtesy of a 140 checkout, the highest of the match and also Norris's highest of the tournament. Then, as Bunting threw for the title at 2-0 in the 11th set and left himself on 28 for the match, Norris hit a 113 checkout to stay alive. However, Bunting subsequently broke Norris's throw and won the championship. Norris received £35,000 for reaching the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20866655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866655" title="Paddy Kirwan">
Paddy Kirwan

Paddy Kirwan is a retired Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Ballyskenagh and was a member of the Offaly senior inter-county team from 1979 until 1984. Kirwan was a key member of the Offaly team that won their first All-Ireland title in 1981.
Since retiring from the game, Kirwan has trained club teams, and has run a taxi service.
He served as a selector for Offaly for 2006-07.

</doc>
<doc id="20866656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866656" title="Gnesin">
Gnesin

Gnesin, or Gnessin is a Jewish Russian surname:

</doc>
<doc id="20866705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866705" title="List of companies of Slovenia">
List of companies of Slovenia

This is a list of notable companies based in Slovenia, grouped by their Industry Classification Benchmark sector. For further information on the types of business entities in this country and their abbreviations, see "Business entities in Slovenia".

</doc>
<doc id="20866707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866707" title="CrunchBang Linux">
CrunchBang Linux

CrunchBang Linux (abbreviated #!) is a Linux distribution derived from Debian by Philip Newborough.
CrunchBang is designed to use comparatively few system resources. Instead of a desktop environment it employs a customized implementation of the Openbox window manager. Many of its preinstalled applications use the GTK+ widget toolkit.
CrunchBang has its own software repository but draws the vast majority of packages from Debian's repositories.
Editions.
CrunchBang Linux currently provides an Openbox version for i686, i486 and amd64 architectures. Until October 2010 there also was a "Lite" version with a limited number of installed applications. This version was discontinued after the distribution on which it was based - Ubuntu 9.04 - was no longer supported.
CrunchBang 10, made available in February 2011, was the first CrunchBang version that was based on Debian. The current version, CrunchBang 11, was made available on 6 May 2013.
Each CrunchBang Linux release is given a version number as well as a code name, using a name of a "Muppet Show" character. The first letter of the code name also corresponds to the first letter of the upstream Debian release (previously Debian Squeeze and CrunchBang Statler and currently Debian Wheezy and CrunchBang Waldorf).
Reception.
In May 2013 Jim Lynch of desktoplinuxreviews.com reviewed CrunchBang 11. He stated:

</doc>
<doc id="20866719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866719" title="RM Poole">
RM Poole

Royal Marines Base Poole (RM Poole) is a British naval base in Poole, England and is the centre for the Royal Marines and Royal Navy amphibious and riverine activities.
History.
The base was built in 1942 with the creation of Royal Air Force Hamworthy. In 1944, control of the site was handed over to the Royal Navy for use as a naval establishment. The site was known as HMS Turtle and was used for training personnel for the D-Day landings. In May 1944, the site was closed but a small number of personnel were retained for basic maintenance of the base. The site was re-opened and taken over by the Royal Marines in 1954 and became known as the Amphibious School, Royal Marines. In 1956, it was expanded and was renamed the Joint Service Amphibious Warfare Centre (JSAWC) Sometime in the early 1960s, it was renamed Amphibious Training Unit Royal Marines (ATURM) The Technical Training Wing was moved from Eastney to Poole in 1973 and the base became Royal Marines Poole. October 2001 saw the formation of 1 Assault Group Royal Marines who are responsible for landing craft training.

</doc>
<doc id="20866726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866726" title="Peta Murray">
Peta Murray

Peta Murray is an Australian writer. 
She graduated from Killara High School in 1975, the same year as current principal Mark Carter, then went to university and became a teacher. In 1989 she began writing full-time. Best known as a playwright, she also writes short stories and is a dramaturg, director and occasional teacher of writing. She currently resides in Melbourne.
Plays.
Murray's best-known play, "Wallflowering", has had numerous productions in Australia and overseas. Her play "Salt" won the 2001 Louis Esson Prize for Drama in the Victorian Premier's Awards. Other works include "Spitting Chips", an adaptation of Tim Winton’s "Blueback", "The Procedure" and "The Keys to the Animal Room". 
Community theatre works include "This Dying Business" and "The Law of Large Numbers". 
In 2006 she wrote "Room" for Playworks and the Melbourne Writers’ Festival. In 2010 two ‘micro-plays’ featured in Finucane & Smith’s "The Carnival of Mysteries" at the Melbourne International Arts Festival. 
She is currently developing a new work for performance entitled "Things That Fall Over: an (anti-)musical of a novel inside a reading of a play, with footnotes, and oratorio-as-coda". 
She is represented by HLA Management, Sydney.
Peta has won the following Australian Writers Guild awards: 1990- "Spitting Chips" - Theatre in Education/Community Theatre Category; 1994- "Keys to the Animal Room" - Theatre in Education/Community Theatre Category, and Major Award Winner 1994; 2000- "Blueback" - Theatre for Young People.
In 2003 Peta was awarded a Centenary Medal for services to society and literature.
Other.
Peta also works as a freelance dramaturg and director and has taught playwriting at Melbourne University, RMIT and as co-facilitator of The Black Writers Lab for Ilbijerri Theatre. She is co-founder and Creative Consultant of The GroundSwell Project. Several of her plays are published by Currency Press. Her short stories have been published by Sleepers, and by Scribe.
Further information.
Peta Murray at AustralianPlays.org
Peta Murray at OzScript
Peta Murray at Doollee.com
Review of 2004 production of "Wallflowering"
Review of a production of "Salt"
Peta Murray - List of AWGIE Winners, 1968-2006

</doc>
<doc id="20866738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866738" title="Alastair Redfern">
Alastair Redfern

Alastair Llewellyn John Redfern (born 1 September 1948) is the current Bishop of Derby in the Church of England.
Redfern was educated at Christ Church, Oxford. He was ordained in 1976 and was a curate in Wolverhampton. He then became a lecturer and later vice principal of Ripon College Cuddesdon. From 1987 to 1997 he was the Canon Theologian of Bristol Cathedral before his ordination to the episcopate as suffragan Bishop of Grantham. In 2005 he was translated to be the Bishop of Derby. Redfern received a Doctor of Philosophy degree in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20866739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866739" title="2000 Australian Touring Car season">
2000 Australian Touring Car season

The 2000 Australian Touring Car season was the 41st year of touring car racing in Australia since the first runnings of the Australian Touring Car Championship and the fore-runner of the present day Bathurst 1000, the Armstrong 500.
Two major touring car categories raced in Australia during 2000, V8 Supercar and Super Touring. Between them there were 25 touring car race meetings held during 2000; a thirteen round series for V8 Supercars, the 2000 Shell Championship Series (SCS), two of them endurance races; a five round second tier V8 Supercar series 2000 Konica V8 Lites Series (KLS), an eight round series for Super Touring, the 2000/2001 Australian Super Touring Championship (ASTC), which spilled several weeks into 2001; and V8 Supercar support programme events at the 2000 Australian Grand Prix and 2000 Honda Indy 300.
Results and standings.
Race calendar.
The 2000 Australian touring car season consisted of 28 events.
Hot Wheels V8 Supercar Showdown.
This meeting was a support event of the 2000 Australian Grand Prix.
FAI V8 Supercar Challenge.
This meeting was a support event of the 2000 Honda Indy 300.
References.
Additional references can be found in linked event/series reports.

</doc>
<doc id="20866747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866747" title="Slattery's Mounted Foot">
Slattery's Mounted Foot

The lyrics to the song "Slattery's Mounted Foot" (also known as "Slattery's Mounted Fut," "Slattery's Light Dragoons," and "O'Slattery's Light Dragoons") were written in 1889 by the 19th Century Irish musician Percy French. The song is representative of French's comic works. The tune of the chorus differs from that of the main lyrics.
Lyrics.
Alternative lyrics for the chorus are: 

</doc>
<doc id="20866760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866760" title="Make Way for Willie Nelson">
Make Way for Willie Nelson

Make Way for Willie Nelson is a 1967 album by country singer Willie Nelson. Due to his demanding schedule, producer Chet Atkins delegated the session to Felton Jarvis. Nelson recorded the album, between March and June 1966 with session musicians, with the addition of members of his road band on the RCA Studio B.
The single "One in a Row", Nelson's only original included on the album, peaked at number 19 on "Billboard's" Hot Country Singles. Meanwhile, the album release peaked at number nine on "Billboard's" Hot Country Albums. 
Background & recording.
During the first months of 1966, Nelson's usual producer, Chet Atkins delegated sessions to other producers due to his demanding schedule. In March, Nelson's next session was assigned to RCA Records staff producer Felton Jarvis. The recording took place in Nashville's RCA Studio B. The musicians who joined the session were Jerry Reed on the guitar, bassist Junior Husky, guitarist Velma Smith and Jerry Smith on the piano. Additionally, Nelson added two members of his road band, Johnny Bush on the guitar and Jimmy Day on the steel guitar. The recordings consisted mostly of cover songs. The last song of the album, Nelson's original "One in a Row", recorded in June along with guitarist Johnny Bush and fiddler Wade Ray completed the album.
Release and reception.
The single "One in a Row" was released with the non-album flipside "San Antonio Rose", on October 1, 1966. "One in a Row" reached number 19 on Billboard's Hot Country Singles. The single "Make Way For a Better Man" was released as the flipside on the non-album track "The Party's Over" in February 1967. Upon its release, the album entered the chart on May 6, at number 45 on "Billboard's" Hot Country Albums. By July, The release peaked at number nine.
"Broadside" favored the album, noting that the recording consisted mainly on cover versions, including only one Nelson original. The publication attributed the release to be "thought towards establishing Willie's (Nelson) reputation as a performer, independently of his talent as a songwriter". Allmusic rated the album with two-and-a-half stars out of five. 

</doc>
<doc id="20866761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866761" title="Bule">
Bule

Bule () is a commonly used word in Indonesia to describe a foreigner, especially Caucasians.
Many dictionaries point out that the strict definition of the word is albino. However, this definition has lost usage in both spoken and written form over the English loanword, albino. The meaning of the word has shifted into foreigner, Caucasians, even fair-skinned Indonesians and those with the slightest hint of European descent. Because of the frequent use to describe foreigners, it stems the terms "Bule Arab" for fair-skinned Middle Easterners and people with Middle Eastern descent, and "Bule Afrika" for foreigners with African descent and sometimes as a humorous, though not necessarily offensive, term for people with very dark skin.
In spoken form, the word may be used by street vendors to attract tourists or foreigners' attention. Because of the common misinterpretation by westerners that the word is insulting, the more cautious of the street vendors use the term "Mister", which foreigners find more polite. Indonesians however, sometimes find the word humorous, as simply pointing from afar at a foreigner and saying "Look! A bule" might provoke laughter. Compare with güero.

</doc>
<doc id="20866763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866763" title="Todo me recuerda a ti">
Todo me recuerda a ti

Todo Me Recuerda a Ti is the sixth studio album by Scottish singer Sheena Easton. It was released on November 23, 1984 and reissued by Capitol EMI/Latin in 1989. This is an album of greatest hits featuring 3 new tracks ("Ámame," "Una Vez En La Vida," and "Me Gustas Tal Como Eres") all sung in Spanish geared for the Latin markets. "Me Gustas Tal Como Eres," a duet with Mexican star Luis Miguel, was released as the first single and earned Easton a Grammy for Best Mexican-American Performance - 1984. Easton and Miguel's winning resulted in controversy with Mexican-American musicians, and a protest ensued.
The album includes a second single "La Noche Y Tú" ("We've Got Tonight"), a duet with Dyango, a Spanish vocalist. It is a cover of Easton's English-language version of the same song, in which she duetted with Kenny Rogers. Another track on the album, "Teléfono", is a Spanish-language cover of "Telefone," the lead single from Easton's "Best Kept Secret" album, while "El Primer Tren" is a new recording of her 1980 breakout single, "Morning Train (9 to 5)".
The disc was produced by Greg Mathison and Juan Carlos Calderón. The album went Gold in Mexico and Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="20866770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866770" title="Mark Corrigan (hurler)">
Mark Corrigan (hurler)

Mark Corrigan (born 1960 in Kinnitty, County Offaly) is a retired Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Kinnitty and was a member of the Offaly senior inter-county team from 1980 until 1990. Corrigan was a key member of the Offaly team that won All-Ireland titles in 1981 and 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20866781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866781" title="Home (Sheena Easton album)">
Home (Sheena Easton album)

Home is the 15th studio album by Scottish singer, Sheena Easton, and was released in 1999 by Universal/Victor for the Japanese market only and charted at #97 in Japan. The disc consists of 4 covers and 6 tracks of new material and has pop/acoustic sound.
"Carry A Dream" was the 1st single release. It is the theme song and it coincided with the release of "Marco", a Japanese animated movie that same year. A second single titled "My Treasure is You" was issued the latter part of 1999.
Easton self produced and arranged 9 tracks on the disc.
Personnel.
Management: Harriet Wasserman-
Emmis Management Production Coordinator: Harriet Wasserman-
Photography: Randee St. Nicholas-
Stylist: Gitte Meldgaard-
Hair & Makeup: Terri Apanasewicz-
Art work: T "Rastaman" Minegishi

</doc>
<doc id="20866801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866801" title="Gardner Carton &amp; Douglas">
Gardner Carton &amp; Douglas

Gardner Carton & Douglas (GCD) was a Chicago-based law firm that practiced from 1910 to 2006 when it merged with Philadelphia-based law firm Drinker Biddle & Reath. 
In 1910, Henry A. Gardner, Jr. and Alfred T. (Tom) Carton, two young graduates of the Harvard Law School, opened the doors to their new law practice at 76 West Monroe Street in Chicago. Their first client was Swift & Company. Over the next two decades, relationships with major corporations in the Chicago area formed the heart of the firm's legal practice, which began to grow substantially and continued through the advent of the New Deal in 1933, an era that often necessitated that corporate entities pay near constant legal attention to their business dealings. After serving as the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury under Presidents Herbert Hoover and Franklin D. Roosevelt for a year, James H. Douglas returned to the firm renaming it Gardner Carton & Douglas, which was kept until the combination in 2007 with Drinker Biddle. Around the same time, in the 1930s, firm partner Arthur D. Chilgren filed one of the first registration statements in the United States under the Securities Act of 1933. His skills attracted many investment bankers to use the firm as underwriter's counsel for numerous financing transactions. Several decades later, in 1973, partner Ray Garrett, Jr., was selected to become chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the 1970s, Gardner Carton & Douglas also established one of the first health law practices in the country. The firm opened its Washington, D.C., office in 1977, and several years later expanded again, opening offices in Milwaukee, W.I. and Albany, N.Y.

</doc>
<doc id="20866805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866805" title="Western red scorpionfish">
Western red scorpionfish

Western red scorpionfish ("Scorpaena sumptuosa") is a species of marine fish of the family Scorpaenidae. It is colored bright red to pale brown, around 400 millimeters in length, and has tassel-like appendages that aid its camouflage. This species lies in ambush, motionless and disguised amongst corals, where it awaits prey which it sucks into its large and quick mouth. A row of poisonous spines are found along the dorsal region which it is able to make erect when threatened. 
"Scorpaena sumptuosa" is also known as the Western red scorpionfish, or scorpioncod. The species is endemic to the coast of Southwest Australia, in a range extending from Esperance, Western Australia to Point Quobba. "Scorpaena sumptuosa" is not as toxic to humans as the stonefish of the same region, but able to cause a painful sting.

</doc>
<doc id="20866829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866829" title="Blum Capital">
Blum Capital

Blum Capital Partners (formerly Blum Capital) is an American private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout, growth capital and PIPE investments in small cap and middle-market companies across a range of industries. The firm is known for pioneering a hybrid private equity / strategic block investment strategy in public companies.
The firm, which is based in San Francisco, was founded in 1975 by Richard C. Blum. The firm has raised approximately $4.5 billion since inception across four institutional private equity funds raised since 1998.
History.
Prior to founding Blum Capital, Richard C. Blum worked at Sutro & Co. an investment management and brokerage firm founded in 1858. While at Sutro, Blum led a partnership that acquired the struggling Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus in 1967 for $8 million and sold it to Mattel Inc. for $40 million just four years later.
Among Blum Capital's most notable investments have been Fair Isaac, Lenovo, DHL Airways and CB Richard Ellis.
In 1994, Blum Capital entered into a joint venture, Newbridge Capital, with Texas Pacific Group and Acon Investments to invest in Asia and Latin America.
Investments.
On October 9, 2012, Wolverine World Wide, Golden Gate Capital and Blum Capital took over Collective Brands. 

</doc>
<doc id="20866837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866837" title="Aquí hay tomate">
Aquí hay tomate

Aquí hay tomate was a popular Spanish television program produced by Salta and issued by the chain Telecinco. It premiered on March 24, 2003, broadcasting Monday to Friday afternoon, the final broadcast was February 1, 2008.
Format.
"Aquí hay tomate" focused on tabloid stories and the world of celebrities. The basis of the program was the stories (mostly on tape) and to a lesser extent, the interviews. The approach ranged from satire and mockery to sensationalism, which resulted in numerous complaints to them. Therefore, it is regarded as telebasura.

</doc>
<doc id="20866861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866861" title="Paper Mill Village Bridge">
Paper Mill Village Bridge

The Paper Mill Village Bridge, also called the Paper Mill Bridge or Bennington Falls Covered Bridge, is a wooden covered bridge that crosses the Walloomsac River northwest of Bennington, Vermont off State Route 67A.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Paper Mill Bridge was built by Charles F. Sears in 1889 and named for an adjacent 1790 paper mill. It is a Town truss bridge similar in design to the nearby Silk Covered Bridge. The bridge is long and wide.
The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It was rebuilt in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20866863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866863" title="Arboretum de Montmorency">
Arboretum de Montmorency

The Arboretum de Montmorency (3 hectares) is an arboretum located on Allée de Montmorency, Bourbonne-les-Bains, Haute-Marne, Champagne-Ardenne, France. It is open daily without charge.
The arboretum is laid out as an English park, and contains 250 species of trees and shrubs from around the world, including 90 species of conifers and 95 species of deciduous trees. Notable specimens include European Black Pine, "Ginkgo biloba", Jeffrey Pine, Judas Tree, Lebanon Cedar, Northern Red Oak, sequoia, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20866881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866881" title="Tähtiniemi Bridge">
Tähtiniemi Bridge

The Tähtiniemi Bridge (, literally "Star cape bridge") is a cable-stayed harpform bridge in Heinola, Finland. It is long and the second longest bridge of Finland. It carries the Finnish national road 4 (E75) across the Lake Ruotsalainen. The bridge was opened in November 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20866884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866884" title="Coinage Act 1816">
Coinage Act 1816

The Coinage Act 1816 (56 Geo. III c.68), also known as Liverpool's Act, defined the value of the pound sterling relative to gold. One troy pound of standard (22-carat) gold was defined as equivalent to £46 14s 6d. According to its preamble, the purposes of the Act were to:

</doc>
<doc id="20866906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866906" title="Stephen Beard">
Stephen Beard

Stephen David T. Beard (born 6 January 1989) is a reality TV participant and actor, playing Archie Carpenter in the Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks".
Living on the Edge.
In October 2007, Beard was first introduced to British television screens on MTV UK's reality TV series "Living on the Edge". The show documented the lives of several teenagers in Alderley Edge in Cheshire, a wealthy village in the North West of England.
The second series aired on 14 October 2008, with Beard as the only original cast member returning for the second series. "Living on the Edge" portrayed Beard as a player, dating many girls. He cheated on former girlfriend Brooke with another "Living on the Edge" cast member, Millie. In the series two finale, they are seen together on the beach but it is left unclear if they become official as a couple.
Hollyoaks.
The second series of "Living on the Edge" showed Beard auditioning and landing the part as Archie Carpenter on Channel 4's "Hollyoaks". He played the role from November 2008 to June 2010. 
Personal life.
Stephen Beard (aka beardy or beard) currently lives in Wilmslow in the United Kingdom. He studied at Manchester Grammar School, but then moved to Kings School in Macclesfield after being expelled. A few years later he moved to Sedbergh School.
After taking a gap year where he pursued his acting career, in September 2009 he decided to attend Liverpool John Moores University to study property management. 

</doc>
<doc id="20866911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866911" title="Cicero Stephens Hawks">
Cicero Stephens Hawks

Cicero Stephens Hawks (May 26, 1812–April 19, 1868) was the first Episcopal bishop of Missouri. 
Hawks was born in New Bern, North Carolina. After an education at the University of North Carolina, Hawks began to study the law, but abandoned it in favor of a clerical occupation. He was ordained deacon in 1834 and priest in 1836. His first parishes were in Saugerties and Buffalo, New York. His brothers, Francis Lister Hawks and William Nassau Hawks, were also Episcopal priests. Hawks married Ann Jones in 1835
He became rector of Christ Church, St. Louis, Missouri in 1844, in what was then the Diocese of Missouri and Indiana. After the diocese was divided, Hawks became the bishop of Missouri. He was the 44th bishop in the ECUSA, and was consecrated on October 20, 1844 by Bishops Philander Chase, Jackson Kemper, and Samuel Allen McCoskry. He received a D.D. from the University of Missouri in 1847. During his service as bishop, he continued to be the rector of Christ Church, serving in both positions until 1854, when he relinquished the rectorship. During a cholera epidemic in 1849, Hawks ministered to the sick of the city. He became ill in 1867, and asked Bishop Thomas H. Vail of Kansas to assist in his parish visitations. Hawks died the following year, on April 19, 1868, and was buried at Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="20866916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866916" title="Country Favorites-Willie Nelson Style">
Country Favorites-Willie Nelson Style

Country Favorites-Willie Nelson Style is a 1966 album by country singer Willie Nelson. He recorded it with Ernest Tubb's band, the Texas Troubadours and Western Swing fiddler-vocalist Wade Ray with studio musicians Jimmy Wilkerson and Hargus "Pig" Robbins. At the time of the recording, Nelson was a regular on a syndicated TV show hosted by Tubb.
In 1970, RCA issued an abridged version of this album as "Columbus Stockade Blues" (RCA Camden CAS-2444)
Columbus Stockade Blues.
The traditional country song "Columbus Stockade Blues" was performed by Cliff Carlisle in the album " Cliff Carlisle - A Country Legacy" 1930 - 1933

</doc>
<doc id="20866931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866931" title="Curious George Goes to the Hospital">
Curious George Goes to the Hospital

Curious George Goes to the Hospital is a children's book written and illustrated by Margret Rey and H. A. Rey and published by Houghton Mifflin in 1966. It is the seventh and final book in the original Curious George series, and tells the story of George's experiences in a hospital after swallowing a jigsaw puzzle piece. The book was written to ease the way for hospital-bound children.
Plot.
George and the man with the yellow hat assemble a jigsaw puzzle but George swallows a puzzle piece. At the hospital, George is taken to the operating room and the jigsaw piece is removed. The following morning, George had ice cream, and cheers the children in the ward with his antics. George takes a wild ride in a wheelchair, crashes into the meal cart, and is sent soaring into the air. A sad little girl in the children's ward laughs for the first time. George is discharged, and at home he opens a package sent by his nurse. It contains the puzzle piece. He puts it into the jigsaw puzzle and the picture is complete.

</doc>
<doc id="20866938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866938" title="Harlan Estate">
Harlan Estate

Harlan Estate is a California wine estate producing Bordeaux style blends. The estate is located on the west hills of Oakville, California within the Oakville AVA, in the Napa Valley AVA zone.
Harlan Estate has been described as "the ultimate cult winery", with its limited availability, prices and status akin to those of Screaming Eagle. In addition to the estate wine, there is produced a second wine named The Maiden.
History.
In 1984, H. William Harlan, a real estate developer and Napa Valley resort owner, purchased a property, a forested area, with steep hillsides, multiple elevations and exposures, west of Martha's Vineyard in Oakville, and proceeded to clear for viticulture, with Harlan's expressed ambition to "create a first growth wine".
The first Harlan Estate wine label, a design inspired by a 19th-century engraving which was overseen by retired U.S. Treasury engraver Herb Fichter, was 10 years in the making, from when Bill Harlan first started his search for an engraver to the release of the 1990 vintage in 1996. On its qualities, Harlan has stated, "It was a label designed for a bottle that would sit on a table in candlelight, not on a store shelf."
Described by Jancis Robinson as "one of the ten best wines of the twentieth century", and consistent acclaim from "Wine Spectator", and Robert Parker, including four scores of 100 "parker points", have further contributed to the wine's high prices and long waiting lists. Released at $245 per bottle, the price soon rises on the speculative market, and the cost may range from $450 to $2,000. A 10-vintage vertical selection of magnum bottles sold at the 2000 Napa Valley Wine Auction for $700,000.
The winemaker Robert Levy, has worked with Harlan since 1983 when Harlan took part in founding the Merryvale Winery, and since 1989 the estate has retained Michel Rolland as consultant enologist. Construction of the current winery was completed in 2002.
Production.
The estate extends , of which approximately 15% of the land, is cultivated with the grape varieties Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot.
Most vintages from 1990 through 1997 have been Cabernet Sauvignon-based Bordeaux blends, but since the 1998 vintage, the estate wine has been 100% Cabernet Sauvignon.
A maximum 2,000 cases are annually produced of Harlan estate, with approximately 700-800 cases made of The Maiden.
Bond.
Beginning production in 1997, Harlan founded the Bond Estates, in collaboration with winemaker Robert Levy and vineyard manager Mary Maher, with the intent to identify and produce wine from ""grand crus"" of Napa Valley. Erroneously described as second wines of Harlan Estate, the Bond winery is located on the western hills of Oakville.
From small separate plots there is produced "terroir"-specific Cabernet Sauvignon wines, named Melbury from East of St. Helena, St. Eden from Northeast of Oakville, Vecina from Southwest of Oakville, Pluribus from west of St. Helena and the blended second wine Matriarch, each wine with the limited production of approximately 700 cases.
The Napa Valley Reserve.
Situated on an eighty-acre (32-hectare) property in St. Helena, California, with close ties to luxury resort Meadowood (which Harlan established in 1979), the Napa Valley Reserve is a members-only winery and vineyard project founded in 2004 and described as "the nation's first wine country club", and as "the wine world's most elite fantasy camp".
Participants pay a $140,000 initiation fee and monthly dues of $80, commit to a minimum of 150 bottles, and may create up to 900 bottles for $45,000. With a client base that includes actors, sports stars, and affluent professional workers, the establishment is an invitation-only club.

</doc>
<doc id="20866949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866949" title="Vanni Van bombing">
Vanni Van bombing

The Vanni Van bombing, also referred to as the Murukandy claymore attack, was the bombing of a private van on May 23, 2008 which killed sixteen civilians, including five children. A local Human rights organization, NESOHR alleged that the attack was carried out by the Deep Penetration Unit of the Sri Lankan army.
Background.
There had been series of attacks on LTTE commanders and Tamil civilians living in the rebel controlled Vanni region allegedly by the Deep Penetration Unit of the Sri Lankan army
Incident.
The incident took place when a private van was hit by a claymore mine when it was returning from the Akkaraayan hospital to Kilinochchi on Murikandy -Akkaraayan Road on the May 23, 2008 at 2.15 in the afternoon. The Pro-LTTE NESHOR claimed that the attack was carried out by the Deep Penetration Unit of the Sri Lankan army. Tamilnet, a pro-rebel news website, claimed that earlier in the same day an ambulance was targeted in a similar fashion. It further claimed that the Deep Penetration Unit of the Sri Lankan army was responsible for both attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="20866988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866988" title="6 News (Turkey)">
6 News (Turkey)

6 News is a news broadcaster from Turkey with its broadcasting center located in Istanbul. 6 News was founded in 2008.
The channel broadcasts news mainly in the Turkish language, but also has shows in English, Russian and Arabic.

</doc>
<doc id="20866995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20866995" title="ENMASA Beta">
ENMASA Beta

The ENMASA Beta was a Spanish air-cooled radial engine of the 1950s. A copy of the American Wright R-1820 Cyclone, the Beta was the powerplant of a number of post Spanish Civil War aircraft, including the Spanish version of the Junkers Ju 52 transport, the CASA C-202 Halcón and the Hispano HA-100 trainer.

</doc>
<doc id="20867005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867005" title="Coinage Act 1870">
Coinage Act 1870

The Coinage Act 1870 (33 & 34 Vict. c. 10) stated the metric weights of British coins. For example, it defined the weight of the sovereign as 7.98805 grams (about 123.27747 grains). The Act was repealed by the Coinage Act 1971. 
The Act also vested the title of 'Governor of the Mint of Scotland', which had ceased minting coins in 1707, to the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
A contemporary history suggests that the Act was influenced by the criticisms of George Frederick Ansell.

</doc>
<doc id="20867017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867017" title="Niall McInerney">
Niall McInerney

Niall McInerney (8 May 1949 – 22 November 2004) was an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-back for the Clare and Galway senior teams.
Born in Sixmilebridge, County Clare, McInerney first excelled at hurling in his youth. He made his first impression on the inter-county scene when he joined the Clare minor team, before later linking up with the under-21 team. He made his senior debut during the 1972 championship. McInerney later played a key role with Galway for almost a decade, and won one All-Ireland medal and one National Hurling League medal. He was an All-Ireland runner-up on three occasions.
As a member of the Connacht inter-provincial team at various times, McInerney won three Railway Cup medal. At club level he was a one-time intermediate championship medallist with Sixmilebridge. McInerney also lined out with Liam Mellows.
Throughout his career McInerney made a combined total of 26 championship appearances for Clare and Galway. His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1983 championship.
McInerney is widely regarded as one of Galway's greatest-ever hurlers. He has often been voted onto teams made up of the sport's greats, including at full-back on the Fitzgibbon Cup Hurling Team of the Century.
In retirement from playing, McInerney became involved in team management and coaching. At schools level he was involved in coaching the Galway vocational schools' hurlers to a remarkable sixteen All-Ireland titles, including a record eight-in-a-row. He also helped Moneenageisha Vocational School to two All-Ireland titles. McInerney later served as a selector with the Galway senior team.
Playing career.
Club.
McInerney began his club career at juvenile level with Sixmilebridge. His first success was an under-16 B championship medal in 1963.
In 1971 Sixmilebridge reached the final of the intermediate championship. McInerney was at left corner-back, however, he had a disappointing game. In the end, Sixmilebridge crushed Tubber by 4-14 to 4-4, and McInerney won a coveted championship medal.
After moving to Galway McInerney joined the Liam Mellows club.
Inter-county.
In the mid sixties McInerney first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Clare minor hurling team. He later joined the under-21 side, before making a number of appearances for the Clare seniors.
McInerney made his senior championship debut with Galway on 7 July 1974 in a 3-19 to 4-10 All-Ireland quarter-final defeat of Kildare.
In 1975 Galway made a long-awaited breakthrough. A 4-9 to 4-6 defeat of Tipperary gave McInerney a National Hurling League medal. Galway later qualified for an All-Ireland final meeting with reigning champions Kilkenny, their first appearance in the championship decider in seventeen years and the very first seventy minute final. Playing with the wind in the first half, Galway found themselves 0-9 to 1-3 down at the interval having played poorly. Early in the second half Kilkenny scored an early 1-3 to put this game to bed, and although Galway did reply with 1-1 and were only four points behind with twenty-five minutes left on the clock, there was never any doubt in this match. Galway were eventually defeated by 2-22 to 2-10. In spite of this defeat McInerney later won his first All-Star award.
Four years later Galway shocked four-in-a-row hopefuls Cork in the All-Ireland semi-final and qualified for an All-Ireland final showdown with Kilkenny. In one of the worst All-Ireland finals of the decade, Galway goalkeeper Séamus Shinnors had an absolute nightmare of a game. A 70-yards free by Liam "Chunky" O'Brien after just four minutes dipped, hit off Shinnors and ended up in the Galway net. Galway fought back and went two points up twelve minutes into the second half, however, they failed to score for the rest of the game. Four minutes before the end of the game another long-range free for Kilkenny ended up in the net behind Shinnors. It was a score which summed up the day for McInerney's side as Kilkenny went on to win by 2-12 to 1-8.
In 1980 Galway defeated Kildare and Offaly to reach a second consecutive All-Ireland final. Munster champions Limerick provided the opposition on this occasion and an exciting championship decider followed. Bernie Forde and P. J. Molloy goals for Galway meant that the men from the west led by 2-7 to 1-5 at half-time. Éamonn Cregan single-handedly launched the Limerick counter-attack in the second-half. Over the course of the game he scored 2-7, including an overhead goal and a point in which he showed the ball to full-back Conor Hayes and nonchalantly drove the ball over the bar. It was not enough to stem the tide and Galway went on to win the game by 2-15 to 3-9. It was Galway's first All-Ireland title since 1923, with McInerney picking up a coveted winners' medal and the celebrations surpassed anything ever seen in Croke Park. McInerney later collected a second All-Star award.
McInerney played his last championship game on 7 August 1983, when Galway were defeated by Cork in the All-Ireland semi-final.
Inter-provincial.
McInerney also lined out with Connacht in the inter-provincial series of games and enjoyed much success.
In 1979 McInerney was at full-back as Connacht reached the inter-provincial decider. A 1-13 to 1-9 defeat by Leinster was the result on that occasion. McInerney was moved to corner-back in 1980 as Connacht faced Railway Cup specialists Munster in the decider. A low-scoring game followed, however, a 1-5 to 0-7 victory gave Connacht their first Railway Cup title since 1947. It was McInerney's first winners' medal in the competition. 
After surrendering their title the following year, Connacht reached the Railway Cup decider once again in 1982. A 3-8 t 2-9 defeat of Leinster gave McInerney a second Railway Cup medal.
Connacht reached the Railway Cup final again in 1983. A 0-10 to 1-5 victory gave McInerney his third Railway Cup medal, while the province retained the title for the first time in their history.
Personal life.
Born in Sixmilebridge, County Clare, McInerney moved to Galway during his studies at University College Galway. He settled in the city and found employment as a teacher of science and maths at Moneenageisha Vocational School. McInerney later married Mary Gilmore, a medical doctor from Moylough and the couple had three sons: Shane, Darragh and Niall.
McInerney died on 22 November 2004 following a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20867018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867018" title="Maria Kimberly">
Maria Kimberly

Maria Kimberly (Born 1943-1944) is a former American top model and actress. She grew up in Terre Haute, Indiana, and, then, Columbus, Ohio. She was a top model in the late sixties and early seventies. In the seventies, she was the girlfriend for many years of Paris billionaire art galleryist Alec Wildenstein who left her when he met wife Jocelyn Wildenstein. Though they were never married, Alec Wildenstein ended up reaching a financial settlement with Kimberly.
Her involvement in the French artistic milieu allowed her to get the lead female role of Jacques Tati's penultimate film "Trafic", where she plays Maria, the press attaché of Altra and romantic interest of Monsieur Hulot.

</doc>
<doc id="20867041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867041" title="Julius Smend">
Julius Smend

Julius Smend (10 May 1857 - 7 June 1930) was a German theologian born in Lengerich, Westphalia. He was brother to theologian Rudolf Smend (1851–1913) and father to musicologist Friedrich Smend (1893–1980).
He studied theology in Bonn, Halle and Göttingen, receiving his ordination in 1881. Afterwards he worked as an auxiliary minister in Bonn, and in 1885 became a minister in Seelscheid. In 1891 he taught classes at the seminary in Friedberg, and two years later was appointed professor of practical theology at the University of Strasbourg.
In 1896 with Friedrich Spitta (1852–1924), he founded "Monatsschrift für Gottesdienst und kirchliche Kunst", a monthly magazine of worship and religious art. With Spitta, he was a primary representative of the "Ältere liturgische Bewegung" (Older Liturgical Movement) that he created at St. Thomas, Strasbourg. In 1914 he was co-founder of the "Evangelisch-Theologische Fakultät" (Protestant Theological Faculty) in Münster.
His best known written work was "Die evangelischen deutschen Messen bis zu Luthers deutscher Messe" (The Protestant Masses up until Luther's German Mass); (1896).

</doc>
<doc id="20867050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867050" title="Country Willie – His Own Songs">
Country Willie – His Own Songs

Country Willie – His Own Songs is a 1965 album by country singer Willie Nelson. Although this was Nelson's third album, it was his first for RCA.
In 1975, a similarly-titled compilation album was released on United Artists. Titled simply "Country Willie", it was a collection of B-sides and album tracks from Nelson's tenure at Liberty Records.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Willie Nelson; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="20867069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867069" title="NGC 925">
NGC 925

NGC 925 is a barred spiral galaxy located about 30 million light-years away in the constellation Triangulum. The morphological classification of this galaxy is SB(s)d, which indicates that this has a bar structure and loosely wound spiral arms with no ring. The spiral arm to the south is stronger than the northern arm, with the latter appearing flocculent and less coherent. The bar is offset from the center of the galaxy and is the site of star formation all along its length. Both of these morphological traits—a dominant spiral arm and the offset bar—are typically characteristics of a Magellanic spiral galaxy. The galaxy is inclined at an angle of 55° to the line of sight along a position angle of 102°.
This galaxy is a member of the NGC 1023 Group, a nearby, gravitationally-bound group of galaxies associated with NGC 1023. However, the nearest member lies at least distant from NGC 925. There is a 10 million solar mass cloud of neutral hydrogen attached to NGC 925 by a streamer. It is uncertain whether this is a satellite dwarf galaxy, the remnant of a past tidal interaction, or a cloud of primordial gas.

</doc>
<doc id="20867070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867070" title="Nevada State Route 399">
Nevada State Route 399

State Route 399 is an state highway in Pershing County, Nevada. It connects Eagle Picher Mine to Lovelock, the nearest town.
Route description.
SR 399's west terminus is at Eagle Picher Mine, which mines diatomite. SR 399 continues northwest and intersects Seven Troughs Road. SR 399 goes southwest on Seven Troughs Road until it meets SR 854, where it becomes Pitt Road. Pitt Road continues east until it meets North Meridian Road/SR 398 north of Lovelock.

</doc>
<doc id="20867076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867076" title="Amanitore">
Amanitore

Amanitore (c. 50 CE) was a Nubian Kandake (queen) of the ancient Kushitic Kingdom of Meroë, which also is referred to as Nubia in many ancient sources. An alternate spelling is Kandace, Kandake, or Kentake. In Egyptian hieroglyphics the throne name of Amanitore reads as "Merkare". Many Candaces are described as warrior queens who led forces in battle. 
Kandace Amanitore often is mentioned as co-regent with Natakamani although the evidence does not show whether she was his wife or mother.
Her royal palace was at Gebel Barkal which now is a UNESCO heritage site. The area of her rule was between the Nile and the Atbara rivers. 
She was part of the Meroitic historical period and her reign began in 1 BC. The rule of her successor, Amanitaraqide, was complete by 50 AD.
Amanitore is mentioned in a number of texts as a ruler. These include the temple at the Nubian capital of Napata in present day Sudan, in a temple in Meroë near Shendi, again in Sudan, and at the Naga Lion Temple. Images of Natakamani frequently include an image of Amanitore, however, it could be that Amanitore was his mother rather than his wife. A Kandake was a powerful position in the hierarchy of Kush. The mothers would rule and create their sons as rulers, but they also deposed their own sons too. In fact, a Kandake could order the king to commit suicide to end his rule, an order that he was required to follow. 
Amanitore is buried in her own pyramid in Meroë. The tomb is approximately six metres square at its base, and not a pyramid in the strictest sense. 
Some sources say otherwise, but she is said to be mentioned in the Bible in the story about the conversion of the Ethiopian in "Acts" 8:26–40:
Amanitore was among the last great Kush builders. She was involved in restoring the large temple for Amun at Meroë and the Amun temple at Napata after it was demolished by the Romans. Reservoirs for the retention of water also were constructed at Meroë during her reign. The two rulers also built Amun temples at Naqa and Amara. 
The quantity of building that was completed during the middle part of the first century indicates that this was the most prosperous time in Meroitic history. More than two hundred Nubian pyramids were built, most plundered in ancient times.
Amanitore has been well regarded by historians and has been included as number thirty-nine on a list of "The Fifty Greatest Africans" although she sometimes is referred to, incorrectly, as an Egyptian. Her country was immediately south of what was Ancient Egypt and shared its language in surviving texts. Other aspects of the culture differ significantly, but are not well known and others seem to have influenced the Ancient Egyptian culture—including religious influences. It was a wealthy country, having large resources of gold, and exported jewelry, exotic animals, and textiles.

</doc>
<doc id="20867077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867077" title="Richard Norris Wolfenden">
Richard Norris Wolfenden

Richard Norris Wolfenden (1854-1926) was an English physician and oceanographer
Wolfenden was educated at Christ's College, Cambridge. He practised as a London physician, and lectured in physiology at the Charing Cross Hospital medical school. He was House Physician at the London Hospital and Senior Physician at the Throat Hospital, Golden Square, London. He founded and edited the "Journal of Laryngology and Rhinology". As well as his medical practice, Wolfenden also interested himself in oceanography. Together with George Herbert Fowler, Wolfenden founded the Challenger Society for Marine Science in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="20867085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867085" title="E61 anthrax bomblet">
E61 anthrax bomblet

The E61 anthrax bomblet was an American biological sub-munition for the E133 cluster bomb. This anti-personnel weapon was developed in the early 1950s and carried 35 milliliters of anthrax spores or another pathogen.
History.
Around October 1953 the United States Air Force reoriented its biological warfare program. One result of this, in anti-personnel weaponry, was a move away from weapons such as the M33 cluster bomb to the lethal E61 anthrax bomb. The E61 was first developed in January 1951 as both an anti-personnel and anti-animal weapon capable of being clustered and dropped from a medium height. On March 5, 1954 a directive from the U.S. Department of Defense altered the course of the U.S. biological weapons program. The program shifted focus to developing munitions that were not only improved but those that could be delivered by high speed aircraft and balloon. The weapons referred to included the E61 bomblet.
Specifications.
The E61 bomblet was a anti-personnel bomb designed to be carried in the E133 cluster bomb. The cluster bomb was designed to hold about 540 of the E61 anthrax bomblets. The E61 held about of agent and a variety of pathogens could be used, generally anthrax spores. The E61 was perceived as superior to its predecessors, the M33 cluster bomb and its payload of M114 bombs. In fact, four of the smaller E61 bomblets produced twice the coverage area of the larger M114 bomb. Upon impact the E61 would detonate releasing an aerosol of its anthrax spore laden slurry into the air of its target area.

</doc>
<doc id="20867103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867103" title="Malik Zidi">
Malik Zidi

Malik Zidi (14 February 1975) is a French film, television and theater actor. Zidi is a four-time nominated and one time César Award recipient for Most Promising Actor.
Career.
Born in Paris, France to a Kabyle, Algerian father and a Breton mother. He spent his formative years in Saint-Maur-des-Fossés, a suburb of Paris. Zidi abandoned his conventional studies early to concentrate on a career in comedy. Following courses at the Théâtre Véronique Nordey, and the Théâtre de Proposition in Paris, he briefly studied acrobatics and mime at the Théâtre de la Piscine and cinema at the Studio Pygmalion. Zidi made his first film appearance in the 1998 Sébastien Lifshitz-directed "Les Corps ouverts".
In 2000, Zidi was chosen by director François Ozon to appear as the troubled, lovelorn, bisexual youth Franz in the Teddy Award-winning film "Water Drops on Burning Rocks" (French:"Gouttes d'eau sur pierres brûlantes"). The film was based on the play "Tropfen auf heisse Steine" by German film director and screenwriter Rainer Werner Fassbinder. The film is a four-part comedy-drama shot entirely on one set and featuring only four actors: Zidi, Bernard Giraudeau, Ludivine Sagnier and American actress Anna Levine. Zidi's role in "Water Drops on Burning Rocks" garnered him his first of four César Award nominations.
Malik Zidi followed up with roles in the 2002 Antoine Santana-directed "Un moment de bonheur" (English: "One Moment of Happiness") opposite Isild Le Besco, earning his second César Award nomination for Most Promising Actor. In 2004, he appeared in the André Téchiné-directed romantic drama "Les Temps qui changent" (English release title: "Changing Times") as Sami, the bisexual son of Cécile (portrayed by Catherine Deneuve), who visits his parents in Tangiers so that he may visit his Moroccan boyfriend. The film also starred actor Gérard Depardieu and was nominated for a Satellite Award. Zidi received his third César Award nomination.
In 2006, Zidi appeared in the Emmanuel Bourdieu-drama "Les Amitiés maléfiques" (English release title: "Poison Friends"). The film was showcased at the Cannes Film Festival and Bourdieu received the Critics Week Grand Prize and the Grand Golden Rail. The film also won the SACD Screenwriting Award and Zidi was once again nominated for a César Award, winning the Award for Most Promising Actor 2007.
In addition to film, Zidi has appeared in numerous television roles.
Personal life.
Zidi currently resides in the Ile-de-France. He lists Michel Piccoli and Laurent Terzieff as his "heroes" and is a jazz aficionado.

</doc>
<doc id="20867115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867115" title="24 (Turkey)">
24 (Turkey)

24 ("Kanal 24") is a news broadcaster from Turkey founded in 2008 and centrally located in Istanbul. It provides live matches of the Fußball-Bundesliga free-to-air every Saturday evening.

</doc>
<doc id="20867118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867118" title="Here's Willie Nelson">
Here's Willie Nelson

"Here's Willie Nelson" is a 1963 album by country singer Willie Nelson.
Track listing.
All tracks by Willie Nelson, except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="20867122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867122" title="Robert Vaden">
Robert Vaden

Robert Anthony Vaden (born March 3, 1985) is an American professional basketball player. Vaden played college basketball with the Indiana Hoosiers and the UAB Blazers for two years each. After four years in college, he was drafted by the Charlotte Bobcats with the 54th pick in the 2009 NBA Draft. After the draft, his draft rights were immediately traded to the Oklahoma City Thunder. However, the Thunder did not sign him to a contract. As a result, he went on to play in Italy, Slovakia and in the NBA Development League with the Tulsa 66ers, the D-League team affiliated with the Thunder. He currently plays for Telekom Baskets Bonn in Germany's top league.
High school career.
Robert Vaden attended Cathedral High School and Pike High School in Indianapolis, Indiana and Bridgton Academy in Bridgton, Maine. As a senior at Bridgton Academy, Vaden averaged 26 points and 8 rebounds per game, leading the team to a 27-7 record. He played his freshman and sophomore years at Cathedral, before leaving due to a dispute between his parental guardian and the school. He went on to play his junior year at Pike, where he led the Red Devils to an undefeated record (29-0) and the Indiana Class 4A title. He averaged 13.5 points, 5.9 rebounds and 2.9 assists per game.
After completing his high school career, Vaden signed a National Letter of Intent with Indiana University.
College career.
Vaden began his career at Indiana University, where he started every game in his first two years. In his freshman season, he led the Hoosiers in minutes played (980), free throw percentage (.803) and steals per game (1.55 - fifth in the Big Ten). He was the team's third leading scorer (10.5) and rebounder (4.3).
In his sophomore campaign, Vaden emerged as one of the top players in the Big Ten. He finished second on the team in scoring (13.5) and rebounding (5.5), while leading the squad in assists (109) and steals (38). The season featured many memorable moments for Vaden, as he had a streak of 12 consecutive three-pointers over a three game stretch - only three short of the NCAA record. He also set the IU record for three-point percentage in a game, hitting 6-6 in a 12/31/05 game against Ball State. Another high point came in the 2006 NCAA Tournament, where Vaden hit the game-winning three-pointer to lift the Hoosiers over San Diego State in the first round.
At the end of the 2005-06 season, Indiana coach Mike Davis was fired after failing to live up to the high Hoosier expectations, and later accepted the head coaching post at the University of Alabama at Birmingham. Vaden had grown close to his coach when Davis had supported him through his father's death after his freshman year at Indiana and chose to transfer to UAB to continue playing for him.
After sitting out the 2006-07 season due to NCAA transfer policy, Robert Vaden had a breakout junior year, logging one of the best seasons ever for a UAB player. He averaged 21.1 points, 3.5 rebounds and 2.6 assists per game on the way to first team all-conference honors and being named the Conference USA Newcomer of the year. He set school records for points in a season (695), three pointers made (142) and three pointers attempted (355). His 142 three pointers made were also a conference record and placed him second in the nation in this category. He also holds the UAB career record for scoring average (minimum 25 games) entering his senior year. On February 27, 2008 Vaden hit for 41 points, his career high, in a game against UTEP.
Vaden finished his college career with 2,010 points, and hit 379 three-pointers in his career - good for #10 in NCAA history. He owns the UAB single-season records for points, three pointers made and attempted and is the school single game record holder in points (41 - tied with Andy Kennedy), three point field goals (9), and free throw percentage (11-11, tied with two others).
Professional career.
Vaden was automatically eligible for the 2009 NBA Draft after finishing his four-year college eligibility. He was projected to be either a second-round pick or undrafted free agent. He was eventually drafted by the Charlotte Bobcats with the 54th pick in the draft and his rights were immediately traded to the Oklahoma City Thunder in exchange for cash considerations. He then played for the Thunder in both 2009 Orlando Summer League and NBA Summer League. He played in all five games in Orlando, averaging 3.0 points in 19.1 minutes per game. He improved his performance in the NBA Summer League, playing in all five games and averaging 7.8 points in 23.0 minutes per game. However, the Thunder didn't sign him to a contract and Vaden weighed the option to play overseas.
Before the training camp began, Vaden signed a contract with Italian second division team Aget Imola. On October 11, he scored 15 points in his first game for Imola, a 73–72 win over Sassari. He played in 29 games and averaged 16.9 points on 40 percent shooting in 35.7 minutes per game.
After one season in Italy, Vaden returned to the U.S. to participate in the 2010 Orlando Summer League with the Thunder. He played in all five games, averaging 4.6 points in 21.0 minutes per game. However, he didn't receive a contract offer or an invitation to the Thunder's training camp for the 2010–11 season.
He then signed a contract to play in the NBA Development League (D-League) and became eligible for the 2010 D-League Draft. On November 1, 2010, Vaden was selected seventh overall by the Rio Grande Valley Vipers. On the next day, he was traded to the Tulsa 66ers, the D-League affiliate of the Thunder, in exchange for Mustafa Shakur. He played 45 games for the 66ers during the season, averaging 10.4 points on 39.2 percent shooting in 28.0 minutes per game. On April 9, 2011, after helping the 66ers win the first round of the D-League Playoffs against the Texas Legends, he was signed by the Thunder and was immediately assigned back to the 66ers. After the 66ers was eliminated from the second round of the playoffs, he was recalled by the Thunder.
During the 2011 NBA lockout, Vaden played for BK SPU Nitra of Slovakian basketball league on a three-month contract with an option to return to the NBA after the lockout ends.
On December 13, 2011, the Thunder traded Vaden along with two future draft picks to the Minnesota Timberwolves for Lazar Hayward. After the trade, Vaden was immediately waived by the Timberwolves.
On August 3, 2012, Vaden signed with Telekom Baskets Bonn of Germany's Basketball Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="20867128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867128" title="Fritz Darges">
Fritz Darges

Fritz Darges (8 February 1913 – 25 October 2009) was an Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. He was born in Dülseberg near Salzwedel.
Early life.
After attending school, Darges volunteered to join the SS in April 1933. By 1934 he had been selected to become an officer and attended the SS-Junkerschule at Bad Tölz. After graduation in April 1935 he was promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant). In 1936 he was named Adjutant to Reichsleiter Martin Bormann. In May 1937 he joined the NSDAP, and in September of that same year he was promoted to Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant).
World War II.
In October 1939 he returned to the Waffen SS as a company commander in the "Deutschland" and "Der Führer" Regiments in the SS-VT. He fought in the Battle of France and was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in July 1940 and promoted to Hauptsturmführer (Captain).
Darges was then posted to the newly formed SS Division "Wiking", took part in Operation Barbarossa and was awarded the Iron Cross 1st class in August 1942. In March 1943 he became Adjutant to Adolf Hitler and was promoted to Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel) in January 1944. He remained in this position until mid-year.
Dismissal.
On 18 July 1944, during a strategy conference in the Wolfsschanze, a fly began buzzing around the room, allegedly landing on Hitler's shoulder and on the surface of a map several times. Irritated, Hitler ordered Darges to dispatch the nuisance. Darges suggested that, as it was an airborne pest, the job should go to the Luftwaffe adjutant, Nicolaus von Below. Enraged, Hitler dismissed Darges on the spot and had him banished to the Eastern Front. Another version of this story claims Darges was merely snickering as Hitler looked up from the map.
Yet another version of Darges' dismissal and banishment by Hitler involves his refusal to marry Eva Braun's sister Gretl Braun, who was pregnant at the time.
Service in the Eastern Front.
In August 1944 Darges returned to the SS "Wiking" to replace Johannes Mühlenkamp as the commander of the 5th SS Panzer Regiment. It was in command of this unit that Darges was awarded the Knight's Cross for his actions on the night of 4 January 1945. The division was advancing towards Bicske when it was stopped by the 41st Guards Rifle Division of the Soviet 4th Guards Army. Darges initially probed the Soviet line with a mixed Panzer and Panzer Grenadier Kampfgruppe and succeeded in breaking through the line at dawn. Subsequently he ambushed and destroyed a Soviet task force, knocking out four 122mm guns, four 76mm anti-tank guns, twelve trucks and a number of supply vehicles. He then attacked Regis Castle, forcing the garrison to retreat. Darges then found himself surrounded by Soviet reinforcements and was forced to repel several attacks. Three days later when they were relieved by another Kampfgruppe from SS "Wiking", they left behind more than thirty destroyed Soviet tanks.
Post war.
Not much is known about his activities after Germany's surrender. He had a career as a car salesman after the war. He appeared in the 2000 documentary "Hitlers Krieg im Osten", credited as himself.
Shortly before his death, Darges stated that he found Hitler to be a "genius" and that "I served him and would do it all again now."
Darges authored a manuscript recounting his experiences as a member of Hitler's inner circle, with instructions that it be published after his death. It is hoped that these memoirs will shed light on Hitler's personal involvement in the Holocaust and other topics.
Notes.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="20867148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867148" title="Kauno Kleemola">
Kauno Kleemola

Kauno Antero Kleemola (5 July 1906, in Kälviä – 12 March 1965, in Kannus) was a Finnish politician from the Agrarian League. 
Kleemola was a farmer from Central Ostrobothnia and as politician an advocate of Central Ostrobothnia in Helsinki. He was speaker of the parliament 1962-1965 and minister in several cabinets of Kekkonen, and hold the title of Deputy Prime Minister in 1961. Kekkonen designated him as the prime minister in December 1958, however, Kleemola failed to form cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="20867188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867188" title="...And Then I Wrote">
...And Then I Wrote

...And Then I Wrote is the first album by country singer Willie Nelson, recorded during September and August 1962 and released through Liberty Records. 
Despite Nelson's fruitless efforts to succeed with his recording releases with D Records, and after trying with other labels as a singer, he sold several of his original written songs to other artists. After his composition "Family Bible" became a hit for Claude Gray in 1960, he moved to Nashville, where he was signed by Pamper Music as a songwriter. Several of his songs became hits for other artists, including Faron Young ("Hello Walls"); Ray Price ("Night Life") and Patsy Cline ("Crazy"). 
Fueled by the success of his songwritting, he was signed by Liberty Records. During August, Nelson started recording his first album, produced by Joe Allison. The single releases of the album "Touch Me" and "The Part Where I Cry" where recorded on that day in Nashville, Tennessee, while it was completed during September in the recording facilities of the label in Los Angeles, California. The single "Touch Me" became Nelson's second top ten, reaching number 7 on Billboard's Hot Country Singles. 
Background & recording.
In 1958, Nelson released under a contract with Pappy Daily of D Records two records, "The Storm Has Just Begun"/"Man With the Blues" and "What a Way to Live"/"Misery Mansion". While working for D Records and singing in nightclubs, Nelson was hired by guitar instructor Paul Buskirk to teach in his school. He sold to Buskirk his original songs "Family Bible" for US$50, and "Night Life" for US$150. "Family Bible" turned into a hit for Claude Gray in 1960.
Nelson moved to Nashville in 1960, but no label signed him. Most of his demos were rejected. Nelson was later signed as a songwriter to Pamper Music with the help of Hank Cochran, who worked for the publishing company owned by Ray Price and Hal Smith. Faron Young recorded Nelson's "Hello Walls", and after Ray Price recorded Nelson's "Night Life", and his previous bassist Johnny Paycheck quit, Nelson joined Price's touring band as a bass player. While playing with Price and the Cherokee Cowboys, other of his original songs became hits for other artists, including "Funny How Time Slips Away" (Billy Walker), "Pretty Paper" (Roy Orbison), and, most famously, "Crazy" by Patsy Cline. Nelson signed with Liberty Records and was recording by August 1961 at Quonset Hut Studio. 
The recording sessions for his first album release, "...And Then I Wrote", began in the Nashville studios of Liberty Records. Nelson recorded on August 22-23, starting during the night and lasting until the morning of the following day. He recorded "The Part Where I Cry" and "Touch Me" for the album, and a later single release. The sessions were later resumed in the studios of the label in Los Angeles, California. During two sessions in September 11-12, Nelson recorded "Crazy", "Darkness on the Face of the Earth", "Three Days", "Funny How Times Slips Away", "Mr. Record Man" and "Hello Walls". The recordings were produced by Joe Allison. The liner notes of the album were written by local DJ Charlie Williams, by request of Allison. 
Release.
The record was released on September 1962. "Touch Me" was released as a single, becoming Nelson's second top ten single, reaching No. 7 on Billboard's Hot Country Singles chart. "Billboard" wrote a review about the single, describing it as an "interesting country-styled tune" with "good" lyrics. "Allmusic" rated the album with four stars out of five.

</doc>
<doc id="20867195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867195" title="Cwm Caseg">
Cwm Caseg

Cwm Caseg is a broad valley in Snowdonia leading west from the Carneddau towards Bethesda.

</doc>
<doc id="20867197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867197" title="Sudan News Agency">
Sudan News Agency

Sudan News Agency, also known as SUNA, is the official news agency of Sudan. It provides news to other organizations in English, French and Arabic. The agency was launched in 1970. Abdul Karim Mehdi was the first director of SUNA. His term lasted for one year, and Mustafa Amin named as the director in 1971. Amin served as the director until 1985. 

</doc>
<doc id="20867214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867214" title="Passion Pit">
Passion Pit

Passion Pit is an American indietronica band from Cambridge, Massachusetts, formed in 2007. The band consists of Michael Angelakos (lead vocals, keyboards), Ian Hultquist (keyboards, guitar), Xander Singh (synthesizer, samples), Jeff Apruzzese (bass, synth bass). All of the band members attended the Berklee College of Music in Boston, with the exception of Angelakos, who attended Emerson College.
History.
Name.
The band culled their name from the Variety Slanguage Dictionary, a glossary of "Variety"s frequently-used slang, which was provided by the Hollywood Insider publication to help not-so-savvy readers decipher its content. The magazine used the term to refer to drive-in theatres, because of their privacy and romantic allure for teenagers.
Formation.
The first Passion Pit songs, which would later become the "Chunk of Change" EP, were written by Angelakos at Emerson College as a belated Valentine's Day gift to his then-girlfriend. At first, he wrote and performed all his material alone using a laptop. After one of his solo shows in the Boston area, Ian Hultquist, who was attending Berklee at the time, approached Angelakos and expressed interest in creating and playing music collaboratively. They formed a group that consisted of Angelakos, Hultquist, Ayad Al Adhamy, Thom Plasse (bass), and Adam Lavinsky (drums). The band spent a considerable amount of time trying to flesh out a collaborative format and structure that would work best for them. Jeff Apruzzese and Nate Donmoyer joined the band shortly after they signed to Frenchkiss in 2008, replacing Plasse and Lavinsky, respectively. In 2012, Adhamy was replaced by Xander Singh.
2007–09: "Chunk of Change".
The band's debut EP, "Chunk of Change", was released on September 16, 2008. The first four tracks were those that Angelakos had written as a gift for his girlfriend, which had already become popular throughout the Emerson College campus, where Angelakos was attending classes at the time, and had been passing out his own, self-produced copies. Two tracks, "Sleepyhead" and "Better Things", were added for the commercial release of the EP. The same year of their debut EP's release, the band was chosen as "Best New Local Act in 2008" in the WFNX/"Boston Phoenix" best music poll.
The first and only single to be released from the EP, "Sleepyhead", received a good deal of exposure through its use in numerous media campaigns and advertisements, while the video for the song, directed by "The Wilderness", was included on Pitchfork's Top 40 Music Videos of 2008 list. The song contains samples of "Óró Mo Bháidín" by Irish singer and harpist Mary O'Hara.
Other songs from the EP received some exposure as well. "Cuddle Fuddle" was featured in E4's second series of "The Inbetweeners" and "I've Got Your Number" was used in an advertisement for the cash card from O2, Money in the UK.
2009–11: "Manners".
The band's first full-length studio album, "Manners", was released on May 18, 2009 in the UK and May 19, 2009 in the United States and Canada. In celebration, the band played their record release party on the 18th in New York City on a Rocks Off boat cruise. In a preview article, ClashMusic.com commented that the album "has every chance to rank as one of the year's best" and that "it reveals additional nuances with each visit: a sure-fire sign of an album with true longevity".
In order to obtain a specific background vocal accompaniment the band was looking for on "Manners", Passion Pit enlisted the help of the PS22 chorus, who recorded vocals in-studio for three of the album's songs: "The Reeling", "Little Secrets", and "Let Your Love Grow Tall." "The Reeling" was the first single to be released from the album and found success on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart in the fall of 2009, where it peaked at number 34 in October and "Little Secrets" was the third single to be released and had success on the chart as well, topping out at number 39. "Let Your Love Grow Tall" was never released as a single but had some exposure being used in the sixteenth episode of the fourth season of the TV series "Ugly Betty".
The album's second single, "To Kingdom Come", was used in the Rhapsody commercial for its iPhone application.
"Sleepyhead" was the only track from "Chunk of Change" to be included on the album and was made available from iTunes for free as a discovery download in 2009. The song continued to receive additional exposure through its appearances in advertisements. It was used in a season 3 episode of the teen-drama, "Skins" and most recently in the debut trailer for LittleBigPlanet 2, which led to the band's increased popularity amongst fans and players of the game, who eventually created an in-game instrumental version of the song to listen to in the first game. When the sequel was released, it came with the song's actual instrumental version used in the trailer.
The song "Moth's Wings" was used in the fourth episode of the third season of the CW teen drama "Gossip Girl" and in the closing credits of episode 36 of HBO's "Big Love". It appeared in the "FIFA 10" video game and was featured in the film Life As We Know It, starring Katherine Heigl and Josh Duhamel. Additionally, the track has been used as a background theme for "Sky Sports"' coverage of the "UEFA Champions League" and as the music for a dance routine in Episode 5, Season 8, of the US television show "So You Think You Can Dance (United States)", which received a standing ovation from the show's judges.It was also featured in MTV's show Awkward.
In June 2009, the band performed at the Glastonbury Festival 2009 in Pilton, Somerset, England, where they dedicated the final song of their set to festival headliner Jarvis Cocker, who was to perform on the same stage later that same day. Afterwards, "NME", while favorably reviewing Passion Pit's performance, incorrectly reported the band as having dedicated their entire set to Cocker.
On April 13, 2010, the band reissued "Manners" in a deluxe edition format which contained new artwork and three additional tracks: stripped-down versions of "Sleepyhead" and "Moth's Wings" and a cover of The Cranberries' song "Dreams". The deluxe release coincided with the extension of their North American headlining tour.
The band released another cover in June 2010, this time offering up their take on The Smashing Pumpkins hit song "Tonight, Tonight" as part of a promotion with Levi's called "Pioneer Sessions".
In September 2010, Passion Pit toured with the English band Muse as their opening act for eight shows during their fall tour through parts of the U.S. Following those supporting shows, the band headlined the Campus Consciousness Tour, produced by Pretty Polly Productions in collaboration with Guster guitarist Adam Gardner's non-profit organization Reverb. The two-week tour featured stops at twelve college campuses and, in addition to the music, focused on promoting eco-friendly lifestyles. Opening acts for the tour included Black Joe Lewis & the Honeybears and K. Flay.
2011–present: "Gossamer".
In an August 2010 interview with "NME", Angelakos stated that work had already begun on the follow-up to "Manners" and that the band intended to release the album in the spring of 2011. He then said that it will be released early in 2012, and finally that the release date was July 24.
Days after they have been presented in the Lollapalooza festival in Brazil in March 2012, they announced the title of the album, "Gossamer", and that it would be released on July 24, 2012.
On May 7, 2012, the first track from "Gossamer" was released, called "Take a Walk".
On June 12, the second track from "Gossamer" was released, called "I'll Be Alright". The track leaked early on June 11 and was released as an NME premiere on June 8.
On July 9, a third track from "Gossamer", called "Constant Conversations", was reviewed and featured as "best new track" by Pitchfork. It was released with the review as streamed content. Gossamer was officially released on July 20, 2012.
On July 16, Angelakos posted on the Passion Pit website that the band has cancelled the remaining July tour dates and suspended the tour in order for Angelakos to seek ongoing treatment for Bipolar Disorder. A Rolling Stones interview stated that Angelakos was diagnosed at 17, undergoing therapy, hospital care, and medication ever since.
On October 13, they performed on Saturday Night Live. They played "Take a Walk" and "Carried Away."
On September 24, 2013, Passion Pit released the Constant Conversations EP, originally released through Spotify, but was then made available on iTunes. The EP featured an alternative version of Constant Conversations from their 2012 album "Gossamer", in addition to a formerly unreleased b-side called Ruin Your Day. The final track on the EP was a remix of Carried Away by Dillon Francis.
On 15 July 2013, it was announced publicly that the band would be headlining the first ever "Coastline Festival" in Tampa, Florida and West Palm Beach, Florida with Two Door Cinema Club and Matt & Kim. Also included in the lineup are groups such as Fitz and The Tantrums, The Joy Formidable, The Neighbourhood, Capital Cities, The Mowgli's, Blondfire, Surfer Blood, The Royal Concept and St. Lucia.
Awards and accolades.
In the 2012 listeners of Australia's alternative radio station Triple J Hottest 100, voted "Take A Walk" into number 46 of the hottest 100 tracks for the year. Also, in 2012 their album "Gossamer" was number one on the Top Digital Album Billboard.

</doc>
<doc id="20867223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867223" title="Giovanni Tegano">
Giovanni Tegano

Giovanni Tegano (born November 8, 1939 in Reggio Calabria) is an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta, the Calabrian mafia. He was a fugitive since 1993 and included in the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy, until his arrest in April 2010. He has been convicted to life imprisonment for murder, arms trafficking and mafia association. 
He is considered to be the boss of the Tegano 'ndrina. The clan hails from the Archi neighbourhood in the city of Reggio Calabria, and also includes his brothers Pasquale and Giuseppe. At time of his arrest in April 2010, Tegano was regarded as one of the few remaining bosses of the 'Ndrangheta's old guard. 
Second 'Ndrangheta war.
The Tegano clan sided with the De Stefano clan in the Second 'Ndrangheta war, which raged from 1985 to 1991. The alliance was sealed by the marriage between Orazio De Stefano and Antonietta Benestare, a niece of Giovanni Tegano on December 2, 1985. The bloody six-year war between the Condello-Imerti clan and De Stefano allied with the Tegano clan left 621 deaths.
While the main leaders of De Stefano clan were killed it fell upon the Teganos to wage the war. The Teganos were the key negotiators for the 'pax mafiosa' in Reggio Calabria in the 1990s between the Tegano, De Stefano, Libri and Latella clans on one side and the Imerti, Serraino, Condello and Rosmini clans on the other, in which they divided their spheres of influence in Reggio Calabria. He became a member of "La Provincia", a provincial commission of the 'Ndrangheta, formed at the end of the war in September 1991 to avoid further internal conflicts.
Fugitive and arrest.
He became a fugitive in 1993. His brother Pasquale Tegano, wanted since 1994, was arrested on August 6, 2004. At that time, differences between the Tegano clan and the De Stefanos emerged over the division of extortion rackets. The Teganos secured the neutrality of their old enemy Pasquale Condello.
After being on the run for 17 years, he was arrested in Reggio Calabria on April 26, 2010. Tegano did not resist arrest, though he had a loaded gun with him. The next day, a group of friends, relatives and supporters applauded when he left the Reggio Calabria court house on his way to jail. "Giovanni is a man of peace!" one woman shouted. The Italian Minister of the Interior, Roberto Maroni, commented that "his capture is the hardest blow that we could inflict today to the 'Ndrangheta as he was the number one Calabrian fugitive." "Given his role, seniority and the importance of events he knew, he had risen to the ranks of one of the 'Ndrangheta's most important figures," according to a top police official, Renato Cortese.

</doc>
<doc id="20867248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867248" title="Livin' the Life">
Livin' the Life

Livin' the Life may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20867250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867250" title="Charles Dumont">
Charles Dumont

Charles Dumont, born in 1929 in Cahors (Lot), is a French singer and composer.
Composer.
He wrote songs until the 1960s, sometimes under an alias, for Dalida, Gloria Lasso, Luis Mariano and Tino Rossi. He worked with lyricist Michel Vaucaire. In 1956 they wrote "Non, je ne regrette rien", recorded in 1960 by Édith Piaf. That led to more than 30 songs for her, such as "Flonflons du Bal", "Mon Dieu" and "Les Amants" which Piaf and Dumont wrote and sang together in 1962.
Piaf's death in 1963 led him to work with Jacques Brel, writing "Je m'en remets à toi" in 1964, and to writing songs for television shows such as "Michel Vaillant" in 1967, and cinema, "Trafic" by Jacques Tati in 1971. That same year he placed a song with Barbra Streisand, who bought "Le Mur", which became a hit as "I've Been Here" (on the album Je m'appelle Barbra)
In the 1970s Charles Dumont started a career as interpreter with songs such as "Une chanson" (1976) and "Les amours impossibles" (1978), which received awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20867280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867280" title="Dummy Leitner">
Dummy Leitner

George Michael "Dummy" Leitner (June 19, 1871 – February 20, 1960) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball for two seasons. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics and New York Giants in 1901 and the Cleveland Bronchos and Chicago White Sox in 1902.
Leitner was deaf and was nicknamed "Dummy" like the other deaf baseball players of his era. 
He had a deaf sister, Lydia (died at 21), and deaf brother, Frank, who was active in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He married a deaf woman named Helen (wee Wells) and had two children, a deaf daughter named Helen who was later married to deaf August Wriede, and a hearing son named Clarence Wells Leitner, who was known for his intelligence in writing and editing for the Evening Sun and North East newspaper for the city of Baltimore. George and Clarence Leitner and August Wriede all worked for the Baltimore Sun. He died in Baltimore, Maryland, at the age of 88.

</doc>
<doc id="20867281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867281" title="Ariel Rebel">
Ariel Rebel

Ariel Rebel (born March 14, 1985) is an online pornographic actress, model and food-blogger.
She studied to be a fashion designer in Montreal, before she decided to pursue an adult modeling career. She launched her website in 2005. She is a fan of manga and hentai, and in 2008 the adult affiliate program Pancho Dog launched an online comic that stars Rebel and is available to members of her website. In 2012 she launched a culinaire blog, and she also plans to open up her own adult affiliate program in the future.
Her modeling on ArielRebel.com is usually solo pictorials and videos, with some girl-on-girl photo shoots. She has also appeared on other sites, such as Nubiles.net.
Rebel's first language is French, and she speaks fairly fluent English. She is part Native American.

</doc>
<doc id="20867289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867289" title="Grade I listed buildings in Shropshire">
Grade I listed buildings in Shropshire

There are over 9000 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Shropshire, by district.
References.
English Heritage Images of England

</doc>
<doc id="20867295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867295" title="List of Dutch football champions">
List of Dutch football champions

The Dutch football champions are the winners of Eredivisie, the highest league in Dutch football.

</doc>
<doc id="20867307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867307" title="Fraiburgo">
Fraiburgo

Fraiburgo (nicknamed Frai ) is a Brazilian city located in the countryside of the Santa Catarina state. The city is strongly influenced by European immigrants, especially Germans and Italians. However, other nationalities also contributed to the formation of the city's character in terms of e.g.: architecture, gastronomy, religion and economy, amongst other factors. Its multiculturality is a remarkable characteristic not exclusively attributed to Fraiburgo but many other Southern Brazilian towns. 
The city is famous in Brazil for the large production of apples which its plantation is favored by the low temperatures in the winter season in the Southern Hemisphere that takes place in July, August and September. Depending on the period of the year tourists can experience first-hand the whole apple production cycle as well other products made from apple such as: cider, juices, snacks and so forth. 
Economy.
In the early stages the economy of Fraiburgo's region was based on sawmills. The former dense forests consisted mostly in Brazilian walnuts, Cedars, Cinnamons, Yerba maté, and the exuberant Brazilian Pines. These forests still represent the typical Southern Brazilian landscape in spite of ruthless deforestation in the past decades. A significant turnover in the economy took place due to the shortage of wood, implementation of Brazilian environmental laws and environmental consciousness. As a result, agriculture became the predominant source of wealth alongside the production of paper, cellulose, and furniture derived from extensive reforestation areas. The reforestation projects introduced the Pinus elliottii to the region.
Agriculture.
Apples are the base of Fraiburgo economy, being responsible for 60% of the total state production and 40% of the national production. The city also produces honey in large quantities; there are about 15.000 honeycombs to pollinate 7 million apple trees. Moreover, there are familiar farms that produce corn, beans, garlic, onions, and peaches.
Tourism.
Rural tourism, tourism of adventure, gastronomy.
Climate.
Fraiburgo has Seasoned climate: relatively hot dry summers (November to March) with temperatures reaching up to 35 degrees Celsius (95 degrees Fahrenheit) on the hottest days; winters (June to August) cold mornings, typical maximum daily temperatures of 15 degrees Celsius (59 degrees Fahrenheit), and minimums of a few degrees above freezing. The year average temperature 16,1°C (60.8F) Occasional snowfall occurs in suburbs at higher altitudes, and may extend throughout the city, though this happens infrequently (about every 8–10 years).
Geography.
Its geographical position is ; its height is approximately 1048 meters above sea level. Currently, its population is around 36.170 according to IBGE estimate. However, this figure fluctuates with the guest workers (10.000) throughout the apple harvest season (From January to April).
Symbols.
Flag.
The municipal flag was instituted by Law nº 303 of 05/09/1977. It was designed by the educators Rui Batagelo and Francisco Costella supported by the professor and vexillologist Antônio Peixoto de Faria. The flag has the colors green, white and yellow. In the center there is the coat of the arms of Fraiburgo (2nd version), representing the municipal government. The green color represents the fields and the harvests. The white color symbolizes the peace, friendship, work, prosperity, pureness, faith. The yellow color represents the industries of the city, generators of wealth 
Coat of arms.
The coat or arms was created in 1964 in Paris by heraldist Robert Louis on commission of Albert Mahler, an early German-ascent local, and later changed. It refers to Fraiburgo's woods and timber industry (logs and flowers) and St. Catherine's martyrdom tools, for the State's namesake, and includes also storks as supporters standing for Alsatia, whence come the first settlers; cogwheel and apples symbolize Fraiburgo's recent industries.

</doc>
<doc id="20867318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867318" title="Otto Fönnekold">
Otto Fönnekold

Otto Fönnekold (15 February 1920 – 31 August 1944) was a "Luftwaffe" flying ace of World War II. A flying ace or fighter ace is a military aviator credited with shooting down five or more enemy aircraft during aerial combat. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Fönnekold was credited with 136 aerial victories—that is, 136 aerial combat encounters resulting in the destruction of the enemy aircraft. All but three of his victories were claimed over the Soviet Air Forces in about 600 combat missions.
Fönnekold claimed three United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) P-51 Mustang's on 31 August 1944. He was bounced on his landing approach at Ssaß-Budak by P-51 Mustang's. One of the .50 caliber projectiles penetrated his heart. Nevertheless he landed his Messerschmitt Bf 109 G-6 ("Werknnummer" 441931—factory number) "black 9" before succumbing to his injury.

</doc>
<doc id="20867323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867323" title="2002 Rome Masters – Men's Singles">
2002 Rome Masters – Men's Singles

Juan Carlos Ferrero was the defending champion but lost in the second round to Ivan Ljubičić.
Andre Agassi won in the final 6–3, 6–3, 6–0 against Tommy Haas.

</doc>
<doc id="20867326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867326" title="RL60">
RL60

The RL60 (also called MB-60) is a rocket engine under development by Pratt and Whitney. The design is a high energy LH2/LOX expander cycle, capable of multiple restarts in space.
In 2003, Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne had 90% of the work completed for the new RL-60 replacement of the RL-10.
The RL60 cryogenic upper stage engine is designed to produce 60,000 pounds of thrust with a specific impulse of to meet the evolving needs of expendable launch requirements or human-rated missions.
The RL60 was to be built and tested domestically with key components to be provided by four international industry strategic suppliers; Volvo Aero of Sweden (Regen cooled nozzle), Ishikawajima-Harima Heavy Industries (IHI) of Japan (Fuel Turbopump), Techspace Aero of Belgium (Fuel Inlet and LOX control valve) and Chemical Automatics Design Bureau (CADB) of Russia (LOX Turbopump).
NexGen Propulsion Study.
NASA is partnering with the US Air Force (USAF) to study next-generation upper stage propulsion, formalizing the agencies joint interests in a new upper stage engine to replace the venerable Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne RL10.
"We know the list price on an RL-10. If you look at cost over time, a very large portion of the unit cost of the EELVs is attributable to the propulsion systems, and the RL-10 is a very old engine, and there's a lot of craftwork associated with its manufacture," says Dale Thomas, associate director of technical issues at NASA Marshall. "That's what this study will figure out, is it worthwhile to build an RL-10 replacement?"
From the study, NASA hopes to find a less expensive RL10-class engine for a third stage of the Space Launch System (SLS), which is on track to become the most powerful rocket ever built. Atop the Space Shuttle Main Engines (SSME)-powered first stage and Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne J-2X second stage, a third stage is required to push massive payloads beyond Earth orbit.

</doc>
<doc id="20867356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867356" title="High Atmosphere">
High Atmosphere

High Atmosphere: Ballads and Banjo Tunes from Virginia and North Carolina is a 1975 compilation album released by Rounder Records. The album is composed of Appalachian folk music recordings gathered by musicologist John Cohen in North Carolina and Virginia.
The album was originally released in 1975. In 1995, Rounder re-released the album with an additional twenty minutes of bonus tracks.
Indiana University Press' "The Journal of Folklore Research" has asserted that a Lloyd Chandler song on the album, "A Conversation With Death" was an early form of ""O Death""—a song which Ralph Stanley won a Grammy award for, featured on the "O Brother, Where Art Thou" soundtrack. 
Burgin Mathews of Allmusic says the album is "one of the finest compilations of old-time field recordings available" and "should be of equal interest to academics, musicians, and the merely curious".
The alternative country group Uncle Tupelo's 1992 album "March 16–20, 1992" includes three covers of songs from "High Atmosphere". Jeff Tweedy is the vocalist on all of these cover versions.

</doc>
<doc id="20867363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867363" title="Mario García Valdez">
Mario García Valdez

Mario Garcia-Valdez is President of the Autonomous University of San Luis Potosi (UASLP) since 2004. A lawyer, Mr. García has been a faculty member of UASLP since 1987. At UASLP he has served in various positions including Admissions Director, Vice President for Student Services, Legal Advisor to the Rector, and Secretary General of the University. 
During his tenure, UASLP has been awarded the Presidential recognition for the highest percentage of students enrolled in academic programs that are peer-reviewed as being of good quality. UASLP has also received the National Recognition for Institutional Development awarded by the Mexican Ministry of Education (SEP) and the National Association of Universities (ANUIES for its acronym in Spanish). 
A recent review of institutional achievements can be found at 
During 2006-2008, Mr. Garcia was President of the Mexican Consortium of Universities (CUMex), a selective network of the most important higher education institutions in Mexico with sound research infrastructure and high quality academic programs.
Currently, he serves as President of the North Eastern Region Chapter of ANUIES [http://www.anuies.mx] which includes the 27 most important higher education institutions from the states of Coahuila, Durango, Nuevo León, San Luis Potosí, Tamaulipas and Zacatecas.

</doc>
<doc id="20867368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867368" title="Dream Babies Go Hollywood">
Dream Babies Go Hollywood

Dream Babies Go Hollywood is a Studio Album released in 1980 by folk musician John Stewart, former member of the Kingston Trio. This album was Stewart's follow up to "Bombs Away Dream Babies" his first, and only, major commercial success.
Track listing.
All compositions by John Stewart.

</doc>
<doc id="20867370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867370" title="Eddie Leon">
Eddie Leon

Eduardo Antonio Leon (born August 11, 1946 in Tucson, Arizona) is a former Major League Baseball infielder of Mexican American descent, who played for eight seasons, splitting time as a shortstop and second baseman. He played for the Cleveland Indians from 1968 to 1972, the Chicago White Sox in 1973 and 1974, and the New York Yankees in 1975 until being released on May 5 of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20867373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867373" title="Caesar's Camp, Bracknell Forest">
Caesar's Camp, Bracknell Forest

Caesar's Camp is an Iron Age hill fort and around 2600 years old. It is located just in Crowthorne civil parish (formerly Easthampstead), to the south of Bracknell in the English county of Berkshire.
Description.
The layout consists of a number of steep banks and ditches in the shape of an oak leaf, enclosing a large flat area of a settlement. It is south of the Roman road known as The Devil's Highway which connected Londinium to Silchester, or Calleva Atrebatum. It is within the Crowthorne Woods part of Swinley Forest crown plantation and is located off Nine Mile Ride approximately ¾ mile from the Look Out visitor centre. On clear days, central Bracknell and Crowthorne, including Broadmoor hospital, are visible from its highest points. The camp falls within the Broadmoor to Bagshot Woods and Heaths Site of Special Scientific Interest.
It is an entirely hand-built complex. The camp has suffered bad erosion, both natural and man-made, unsurprisingly for a site which is well over 2000 years old. Efforts have been made by the local council to try to restore some of the natural parts because as well as being a historic site it is also home to a number of wildlife species.
There is a second Caesar's Camp to be found in Aldershot where King Alfred was supposed to have camped when driving the Danes towards the Thames. The camp, like the one at Bracknell, was built in the Iron Age. The London skyline, including the City of London, The Shard, the British Telecom Tower and Canary Wharf can be seen from there on clear days.
1978 People's Free Festival.
The site was recamped between 29 August and 8 September 1978 as it became the relocation of the last of the Windsor Free Festivals in 1978, after the forced removal of those attempting to attend the People's Free Festival, in Windsor Great Park, by police.

</doc>
<doc id="20867383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867383" title="List of vigilantes in popular culture">
List of vigilantes in popular culture

This is a list of vigilantes featured in popular culture and entertainment media. For commentary, see the main vigilante article.

</doc>
<doc id="20867408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867408" title="Jan Kemp">
Jan Kemp

Jan H. Kemp (March 13, 1949 – December 4, 2008) was an American academic and English tutor who exposed the bias in passing college football players and filed a lawsuit against the University of Georgia. 
Born in Griffin, Georgia, Kemp earned a bachelor's degree in journalism and a doctorate in English education. She began teaching at the University of Georgia in 1978. In 1981 Kemp was one of the teachers who complained claiming that Georgia officials had intervened allowing nine college football players to pass a remedial English course, allowing them to play against Pittsburgh in the Sugar Bowl. 
Kemp was demoted in 1982 and dismissed one year later. She then filed a lawsuit claiming she had been fired due to her complaints about the passing of players. During the time after she was dismissed Kemp tried to commit suicide twice. The University defended its actions saying that Kemp was dismissed for "disruptive conduct and for failure to conduct adequate scholarly research." 
The jury found the University liable for the illegal dismissal of Kemp and she was awarded $2.5 million, which was later reduced to $1.08 million. Kemp was reinstated and University President Fred C. Davison resigned. After the trial Kemp spoke to "The New York Times", saying, “All over the country, athletes are used to produce revenue. I’ve seen what happens when the lights dim and the crowd fades. They’re left with nothing. I want that stopped." Kemp retired from teaching in 1990 and was named a hero of the 1980s by People magazine.
Kemp died on December 4, 2008, at the age of 59. Her son stated that she had died from complications of Alzheimer's disease. She is survived by her son and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20867429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867429" title="Nicholsville">
Nicholsville

Nicholsville may refer to one of the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="20867431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867431" title="1932 Finnish Grand Prix">
1932 Finnish Grand Prix

The 1932 Finnish Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at Eläintarharata on 8 May 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="20867433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867433" title="Dutch Levsen">
Dutch Levsen

Emil Henry "Dutch" Levsen (April 29, 1898 – March 12, 1972) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for six seasons. He spent his entire career with the Cleveland Indians, pitching for them from 1923 to 1928. He pitched in 80 career games, finishing with a 21–26 record.
On August 28, 1926 Levsen became the last pitcher to win both games of a doubleheader, hurling two 9 inning games back to back, winning 6-1 and 5-1.

</doc>
<doc id="20867441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867441" title="Michael McKimm">
Michael McKimm

Michael McKimm (born 1983) is a poet from Northern Ireland. His debut collection of poetry is "Still This Need" (Heaventree Press, 2009).
Early years and education.
McKimm was born in Belfast but lived from the age of seven on the north coast of County Antrim, near the Giant's Causeway and the town of Bushmills. He attended Dunseverick Primary School and Coleraine Academical Institution, in Coleraine, County Londonderry, before moving to England to study English Literature and Creative Writing at the University of Warwick.
Literary career.
McKimm received an Eric Gregory Award from the Society of Authors in 2007, awarded to the best poets in the UK under the age of 30. His poetry has appeared in many journals in the UK, including "Horizon Review", "Magma", "Oxford Poetry", "PN Review" and "The Warwick Review". His work is included in "The Best of Irish Poetry 2010" (edited by Matthew Sweeney) and also in "Dossier Journal" (New York) in a collaborative project with his brother Alastair McKimm. In 2010 he was invited to the International Writing Program at the University of Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="20867449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867449" title="NER Class L">
NER Class L

The NER Class L (LNER Class J73) was a class of 0-6-0T steam locomotives of the North Eastern Railway. They were a specialised design, intended for use on the Redheugh and Quayside banks on either side of the River Tyne. They were replaced on the Quayside branch by NER Class ES1 electric locomotives in 1905 but were re-allocated to other duties.
Overview.
The Class L was Wilson Worsdell's first design for the NER. Unusually for a Wilson Worsdell design, they were fitted with Joy valve gear instead of the Stephenson valve gear fitted to his later locomotives.
British Railways.
All 10 locomotives survived into British Railways ownership in 1948 and their BR numbers were 68355-68364. They were all withdrawn between 1955 and 1960. None have been preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20867478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867478" title="Veikko Helle">
Veikko Helle

Veikko Kullervo Helle (11 December 1911, in Vihti – 5 February 2005, in Lohja) was a Finnish politician representing the Social Democrats. 
Helle was originally a carpenter by trade and followed his father into municipal politics and later into the parliament. He was elected in the 1936 municipal elections and he served as a member of parliament from 1951 to 1983. He was four times a minister between 1970 and 1983 and the speaker of the parliament from 1976 to 1977. Helle run in the elections for SDP chairman in 1963, losing the post to Rafael Paasio. In the inner party politics he was represented the right-wing of SDP. 
Helle was served in the Vihti municipal council for 51 years from 1936 to 1987, and was the chairman of the council 1958–1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20867480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867480" title="Reg Allen (set decorator)">
Reg Allen (set decorator)

Reg Allen (12 April 1917 – 30 March 1989) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Lady Sings the Blues".

</doc>
<doc id="20867482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867482" title="Elm Bluff">
Elm Bluff

Elm Bluff may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20867532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867532" title="Bon Secour">
Bon Secour

Bon Secour may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20867535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867535" title="Hand in Hand Fire &amp; Life Insurance Society">
Hand in Hand Fire &amp; Life Insurance Society

The Hand in Hand Fire & Life Insurance Society was one of the oldest British insurance companies.
The company was founded in 1696 at Tom's Coffee House in St. Martin's Lane in London. It was one of three fire insurance companies started after the Great Fire of London, and it was initially called the Contributors for Insuring Houses, Chambers or Rooms from Loss by Fire, by Amicable Contribution. Less than thirty years later the other two insurers had failed, and the Hand in Hand was left as the oldest fire insurance company in the world. It was structured as a mutual society, and for 135 years it operated its own fire brigade and played an important part in shaping fire fighting and prevention.
In 1905, the Hand in Hand was acquired by the Commercial Union Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20867539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867539" title="Ceno">
Ceno

The Ceno is a 63 km-long tributary of the Taro River, flowing entirely the Province of Parma, northern Italy. It joins the Taro on its left side at Fornovo.
Like the Taro, the Ceno has its source on Monte Penna, in the Ligurian Apennine, though it rises on the opposite side of the mountain to the Taro. The Ceno's average final volume is approximately half that of the Taro, but can vary substantially depending from the season, its discharge occasionally reaching up to above 1000 m³/s.
<br clear=left>

</doc>
<doc id="20867540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867540" title="Premier, British Columbia">
Premier, British Columbia

Premier was a large gold mining camp in British Columbia, Canada some 18 miles from Stewart. It ran from the years 1918 to 1953 and was a large employer in the area. Huge bunkhouses, generators, concentrators, machine and cook houses sat on the hillside. A road provided access to the area, snowfall pending. Horses and cat tractors were used.
Strangely Premier was closer to Hyder, Alaska, USA some 14 miles away, but the mine was in Canadian territory. The international aspects of the operation provided some interesting details on men's entertainment. Liquor was legal in Canada, while bawdy houses were not.
Hyder did a lively business in providing entertainment.
The mine was reopened as an open pit in 1987 by Westmin Resources. The Granduc copper mine is nearby; and there are other properties—BC Silver, Newmont, and Skyhawk. The Granduc Mine is about 4 miles up the road above the treeline, and partly
under a glacier.

</doc>
<doc id="20867545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867545" title="Half Acre">
Half Acre

Half Acre may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20867550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867550" title="Half Chance">
Half Chance

Half Chance may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20867553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867553" title="TRT 6">
TRT 6

TRT 6, part of the Turkish Radio and Television Corporation, is Turkey's first national Kurdish language television station.
It broadcasts in the Kurmanji and Sorani dialects of the Kurdish language. It offers programs aimed at all ages and promoting the perspective of the Turkish state and its values. TRT 6 programs include films, documentaries, drama series and music programs, as well as programs aimed at children and women. Further broadcasting on TRT 6 in Arabic and Persian are also planned.
The main objective of TRT 6 is to reflect Turkey’s cultural diversity on the screen. TRT 6 coordinator Sinan İlhan has said that their aim is to serve for the benefit of the Turkish state and its citizens, in line with the Turkish Constitution, and provide broadcasts contributing to the democratic awareness of the country’s people. Politicians say that the new channel will help contribute to the unity and solidarity of Turkey's citizens and will meet an important social need as well.
Another unofficial reason is to counter alleged PKK propaganda from the satellite channel Roj TV.
TRT 6 is on broadcast from the western scope of the Türksat 3A satellite. The satellite frequency of the channel can be received from Turkey and the rest of Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20867563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867563" title="Pin Hook">
Pin Hook

Pin Hook may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20867601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867601" title="Khartoum Monitor">
Khartoum Monitor

Khartoum Monitor is the only private English-language newspaper in Sudan. It was established by journalists from southern Sudan in 2000. The newspaper is known for its independent news and editorial policy and its refusal to accept the censorship policy of the Sudan government in particular articles on southern Sudan the ongoing war and the peace process led to its licence being cancelled and it being fined earlier Its journalists have been under threats from the Sudanese government and its former editor Nhial Bol had to flee the country after being jailed earlier. Later the ban on the newspaper was lifted.

</doc>
<doc id="20867606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867606" title="Coldharbour Recordings">
Coldharbour Recordings

Coldharbour Recordings is electronic dance music label founded and owned by German trance DJ and producer Markus Schulz in 2005. The label was formerly a sublabel of Armada Music until 2013 when Schulz took the label independent of Armada. It is named after Coldharbour Lane, a road in South London where Schulz's first studio was located.
In 2010 Coldharbour celebrated its 100th release by releasing remixed classics from the label itself.
Coldharbour Red Recordings, now defunct, was formerly a sublabel of Armada Music founded in 2007 by Markus Schulz.

</doc>
<doc id="20867623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867623" title="Daniel Meyer">
Daniel Meyer

Daniel Meyer is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20867636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867636" title="Sepp Draxenberger">
Sepp Draxenberger

Sepp Draxenberger was a Hauptscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Sepp Draxenberger was a platoon commander in the HQ company, 5th SS Panzer Regiment, 5th SS Panzer Division "Wiking" when he was killed in action in Hungary on the 23 March 1945, he was awarded a posthumous Knight's Cross in April 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20867644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867644" title="Walter Tranter">
Walter Tranter

Walter Rogers Tranter (born 1875 – died 1945) was an English association football player.
Born in Middlesbrough, Tranter played as a left-back for Thames Ironworks, the team that would later become West Ham United. The club handbook described him as a player that "rushes in where others feared to tread". He was a part of the team that won the London League during the 1897-98 season, and captained the side to the Southern League Second Division championship in 1898-99. He then left to play for Chatham, but returned to the newly renamed club, along with teammate Albert Kaye, for the 1900-01 season. He played in the inaugural game for the new club, a 7-0 battering of Gravesend on 1 September 1900, and made a further three Southern League appearances for West Ham that season. His last two games for the club were in the FA Cup Qualifying Round 4 against New Brompton, which went to a replay on 21 November 1900.
Personal life.
Walter Tranter's father was Isaac Rogers Tranter, who was the Captain of the Fire Brigade Company in Thornaby-on-Tees. Walter married three times, having several children with his first two wives, both of whom predeceased him. One of his grandchildren is former Leeds United left-winger Michael O'Grady. One of his great-grandchildren is Commonwealth Games Bronze medallist in swimming, Alyson Jones.
At the time of the 1911 census, Walter lived with his second wife Phoebe in Thornaby-on-Tees and worked in the shipyard as a "plater". The household included two children from his first marriage to Hannah and three more from his second. Phoebe died in 1914 and Walter married Isabel Rowell in 1917. There were no more children. At some point they moved to Romford, Essex, Walter dying there in 1945, followed by Isabel in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="20867703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867703" title="Kooki">
Kooki

The Kingdom of Kooki is a traditional chiefdom in the Rakai District of Uganda. 
It was first mentioned in 1884 and was incorporated into the kingdom of Buganda in 1896. Its royal line has continued to the present day, and it is currently led by Kamuswaga Apollo Sansa Kabumbuli II.

</doc>
<doc id="20867717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867717" title="Intercar">
Intercar

Intercar is the second largest interurban bus carrier within the province of Quebec, Canada, and one of the largest providers of school buses. The company was founded in 1959 in Jonquière, but expanded greatly in 1990 with the acquisition of Voyageur's routes in the Saguenay region and the North Coast of the Saint Lawrence River. The next step in the evolution of the Intercar Group, already well established in student transportation in Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean, was the launch of school bus services in the area around Quebec City. Further expansion of their interurban routes to Sept-Îles meant that by 2001 they dominated those services in the triangle between Sept-Iles, Dolbeau and Quebec. Throughout the early part of this century they have continued to acquire more school transportation companies and further grow their charter service.
Divisions.
Operations are based around three centres in Jonquière, Chicoutimi and Quebec City. <br>Subsidiaries which operate from these locations are:
Expedibus.
Expedibus is a package shipping and courier company, operated cooperatively throughout Quebec by Orléans Express, Intercar, Autobus Maheux and Limocar.

</doc>
<doc id="20867720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867720" title="Zyad Jusić">
Zyad Jusić

Zyad Jusić (born 29 February 1980) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a striker.
Early and personal life.
Jusić was born in Ljubovija, then a part of SFR Yugoslavia, and he holds dual Bosnian-Dutch citizenship.
Career.
After beginning as a youth player with PSV, Jusić began his senior career with FC Eindhoven, scoring 12 goals in 66 games over three seasons. Jusić later played in Belgium for a number of teams including Dessel, KFC Lille, Turnhout, Capellen and Geel.

</doc>
<doc id="20867762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867762" title="Berkshire Record Office">
Berkshire Record Office

The Berkshire Record Office is the county record office for Berkshire, England. It is located in Reading. The Berkshire Record Office opened on 10 August 1948. 

</doc>
<doc id="20867771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867771" title="Peter Solis Nery">
Peter Solis Nery

Peter Solis Nery is a Filipino poet, fictionist, and author. Writing in Hiligaynon, he is a Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards for Literature Hall of Fame Awardee, the Cultural Center of the Philippines (CCP) Literary Grant, and the All-Western Visayas Literary Contest (National Commission for Culture and the Arts) winner. Diversifying into English and Filipino, he has authored 20 books and had written award-winning screenplays. He wrote and edited newspapers in Iloilo City before becoming a nurse in the United States.
As an actor, Mr. Nery briefly appears in Tikoy Aguiluz's film on cybersex, "www.XXX.com", of which he was also the assistant director. He has also written, produced, and directed a full-length feature film in Hiligaynon, "Gugma sa Panahon sang Bakunawa" (Love in the Time of the Bakunawa), which was a finalist at the 1st Sineng Pambansa National Film Competition of the Film Development Council of the Philippines. Presently, Peter works as an orthopedic nurse in Los Angeles, California, and continues to write in English and Hiligaynon.
Early life and education.
He was born on January 6, 1969 and raised in the coastal town of Dumangas, Iloilo, Philippines. He is the eldest among five siblings and his parents were both public school teachers. Peter attended primary school at the Dumangas Central Elementary School, completed his secondary education at the Dumangas Polytechnic College (now Iloilo State College of Fisheries), where he was consistently a first honor student from grade school to high school. He finished his degree in Biological Sciences from the University of the Philippines in the Visayas, where he was named "Most Outstanding Student" (1989) and "Most Outstanding Graduate of 1990". He also received the "President’s Award of Merit as Outstanding Student" in his graduation year. While at school, Peter honed his talent for writing. Under his editorship, he led the U.P.V. college publication "Pagbutlak" to become the region’s best at the 1989 College Press Awards. Peter also had attended the SVD Christ the King Mission Seminary in Quezon City where he took an Associate in Philosophy degree in 1992-1993. In 2004, he earned his Bachelor of Science in Nursing degree from the West Negros College (now West Negros University) in Bacolod City, Negros Occidental.
Early Works.
After the EDSA Revolution of 1986, Peter found himself in a new wave of Philippine literature. There was a resurgence of interest in nationalistic writing. At U.P., Peter was lucky to meet Leoncio Deriada (2001 Palanca Hall of Fame awardee) who encouraged him to write in Hiligaynon. Peter won his first national award in writing for his poetry in Hiligaynon, "Mga Ambahanon kag Pangamuyo sang Bata nga Nalimtan sa Wayang" (Songs and Prayers of a Child Forgotten in the Fields)in 1992. For his performance poetry "Si Eva, si Delilah, si Ruth, kag ang Alput" (Eva, Delilah, Ruth, and the Prostitute) at the Premio Operiano Italia, he was named "Hari sang Binalaybay" (King of Hiligaynon Poetry) in 1993, a title he held until 1998. During his student activism days at the university, he wrote his first book, "I Flew a Kite for Pepe", in 1993. He admits, “I cringe now at my boldness to call it poetry then but I always thought that the book had a big heart. I still cry when I read it.” It was followed by his earth song and hymn to the planet, "First Few Notes of a Green Symphony"
Transition.
While working as a religious missionary in Macau, Peter became more introspective and started his memoirs. "The Essential Thoughts of a Purple Cat" was published by Giraffe Books in 1996; "Moon River, Butterflies and Me" in 1997; and "My Life as a Hermit" again by Giraffe in 1998. In 1995, he won the NCCA Western Visayas Poetry Competition for his collection "Umanhon nga Gugma" (Love of the Rural Folks). Some of the poems were translated, reworked, and included in his provocative collection, "Rated R" (Giraffe Books, 1997).
Peter published four titles in 1997: the playful poetry collection "Shy Evocations of Childhood and Other Poems that Came under Hypnosis", and "Rated R" for Giraffe; "Shorts", a collection of haiku-like poems, and the memoir "Moon River, Butterflies and Me" for New Day.
He won his first Palanca gold medal for his magical realist Hiligaynon Short Story "Lirio" about a deaf-mute who is a victim of marital rape. Furthermore, his first screenplay, "Buyong", about a Katipunero revolutionary from Aklan won third prize in the screenplay category of the Centennial Literary Prize. Later that year, his second screenplay, "Tayo na sa Buwan" (Let’s Go to the Moon), won an honorable mention at the Film Development Foundation of the Philippines.
Eventually, he started his own publishing company and produced "A Loneliness Greater than Love" (2000), an exploration of homoerotic themes; and "Fantasia" (2000), a collection of his Palanca-winning fiction. In 2001, he published "Rain as Gentle as Tears", a sequel to his 1997 Shorts collection, and "The Prince of Ngoyngoy" (The Prince of Sob), a collection of lyric poems in Hiligaynon that established Peter as the Ilonggo epitome of emotional poetry.
In 2003, he launched "Pierre: The Magazine of Peter Solis Nery". It delivered three monthly issues.
When opportunity came in 2006, he went to the United States to work as a nurse. For 100 days in 2005, Peter endeavored to write 100 erotic sonnets in Hiligaynon. He called it "Kakunyag" (Thrill). It was launched during the National Arts Month 2006 in Iloilo, and was serialized in a newspaper. He won a Palanca in 2006 for his Hiligaynon psycho-thriller short story, "Ang Kapid" (The Twins). The win provided him another encouragement to persevere in writing in the Hiligaynon. In 2007, Peter won his second Palanca gold for his historical Hiligaynon Short Story "Candido", about the "anting-anting" (amulet) of the revolutionary Candido Iban. The following year, he won his third Palanca gold for his play in English, "The Passion of Jovita Fuentes", about the tragic love of the first Filipino international opera diva and first female National Artist in Music. Peter also completed translation of his 100 Erotic Sonnets in the Hiligaynon into English in 2008.
Nursing career.
Mr. Nery enrolled in Nursing as he continued to write for the newspaper. He graduated his Bachelor of Science in Nursing in October 2004. He went to the U.S. in February 2006, became a Registered Nurse in California in May of the same year and started working as an orthopedic nurse in Los Angeles in 2007. In October 2008, he was given various awards for his commitment to his nursing profession including the Daisy Award for Extraordinary Nurses.

</doc>
<doc id="20867776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867776" title="Scott Humphries">
Scott Humphries

Scott Humphries (born May 26, 1976, in Greeley, Colorado), is a retired professional tennis player from the United States. 
Humphries achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 29 in 2000. Partnering fellow American Justin Gimelstob, Humphries reached the semi-finals of the 2001 Australian Open doubles event, his best performance at a Grand Slam.
Humphries attended Stanford University for a year. He resided in Tampa, Florida at some point, according to the ATP.

</doc>
<doc id="20867780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867780" title="Prince Karl Anton of Hohenzollern">
Prince Karl Anton of Hohenzollern

Prince Karl Anton of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen () (1 September 1868 – 21 February 1919) was a member of the Princely House of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen. Karl Anton was the third and youngest son of Leopold, Prince of Hohenzollern and his wife Infanta Antónia of Portugal. Karl Anton's elder brothers were William, Prince of Hohenzollern and Ferdinand I of Romania.
Marriage and issue.
On 28 May 1894 in Brussels, Karl Anton married his cousin Princess Joséphine Caroline of Belgium (Brussels 18 October 1872-Namur 6 January 1958), daughter of Prince Philippe, Count of Flanders and his wife Princess Marie of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen. Karl Anton and Joséphine Caroline had four children:

</doc>
<doc id="20867787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867787" title="Economic history of the world">
Economic history of the world

The Economic History of the world is a record of the economic activities (i.e. the production, distribution and consumption of goods and services) of all humans, spanning both recorded history and evidenced prehistory.
Stone Ages.
Paleolithic.
Throughout the Paleolithic era the primary socio-economic unit was the band (small kin group). Communication between bands occurred for the purposes of trading tools, foods, skins and other commodities, and for the exchange of mates. Economic resources were constrained by typical ecosystem factors: density and replacement rates of edible flora and fauna, competition from other consumers (organisms) and climate. Throughout the Upper Paleolithic, humans both dispersed and adapted to a greater variety of environments, and also developed their technologies and behaviors to increase productivity in existing environments taking the global population to between 1 and 15 million.
It has been estimated that throughout prehistory, the world average GDP per capita was about $158 per annum (adjusted to 2013 dollars), and did not rise much until the Industrial Revolution.[http://delong.typepad.com/print/20061012_LRWGDP.pdf]
This age was from 500,000- 10,000 BC.
Mesolithic.
This period began with the end of the last glacial period over 10,000 years ago involved the gradual domestication of plants and animals and the formation of settled communities at various times and places
Neolithic.
Within each tribe the activity of individuals was differentiated to specific activities, and the characteristic of some of these activities were limited by the resources naturally present and available from within each tribes territory, creating specializations of skill. By the "... division of labour and evolution of new crafts ... (Cameron p.25)" tribal units became naturally isolated through time from the over-all developments in skill and technique present within their neighbouring environment. To utilize artifacts made by tribes specializing in areas of production not present to other tribes, exchange and trade became necessary.
The first object or physical thing specifically used in a way similar enough to the modern definition of money, i.e. in exchange, was (probably) cattle (according to R.Davies).
Trading in red ochre is attested in Swaziland, shell jewellery in the form of strung beads also dates back to this period, and had the basic attributes needed of commodity money. To organize production and to distribute goods and services among their populations, before market economies existed, people relied on tradition, top-down command, or community cooperation.
Antiquity: Bronze and Iron Ages.
"See also : Ancient economic thought"
Early developments in formal money and finance.
"See also : History of money"
The city states of Sumer developed a trade and market economy based originally on the commodity money of the Shekel which was a certain weight measure of barley, while the Babylonians and their city state neighbors later developed the earliest system of prices using a metric of various commodities that was fixed in a legal code. The early law codes from Sumer could be considered the first (written) financial law, and had many attributes still in use in the current price system today; such as codified quantities of money for business deals (interest rates), fines for 'wrongdoing', inheritance rules, laws concerning how private property is to be taxed or divided, etc. For a summary of the laws, see Babylonian law.
Temples are history's first documented creditors at interest, beginning in Sumer in the third millennium. By charging interest and ground rent on their own assets and property, temples helped legitimize the idea of interest‑bearing debt and profit seeking in general. Later, while the temples no longer included the handicraft workshops which characterized third‑millennium Mesopotamia, in their embassy functions they legitimized profit‑seeking trade, as well as by being a major beneficiary.
Antiquity: Classical Era.
Expedition and long distance commerce.
The two major changes in commercial activity due to expedition known by historical recounting, are those led by Alexander the Great, which facilitated multi-national trade, and the conquest to empire of Caesar (a Roman) of France and Britain.
External trade with the Roman Empire.
During the time of the trade of the Occident with Rome, Egypt was the wealthiest of all places within the Roman empire. The merchants of Rome acquired produce from Persia through Egypt, by way of the port Berenice, and subsequently the Nile.
The introduction of coinage.
According to Herodotus, and most modern scholars, the Lydians were the first people to introduce the use of gold and silver coin. It is thought that these first stamped coins were minted around 650-600 BC. A stater coin was made in the stater (trite) denomination. To complement the stater, fractions were made: the trite (third), the hekte (sixth), and so forth in lower denominations.
Developments in economic awareness and thought.
The first economist (at least from within opinion generated by the evidence of extant writings) is considered to be Hesiod, by the fact of his having written on the fundamental subject of the scarcity of resources, in "Works and Days" .
Greek and Roman thinkers made various economic observations, especially Aristotle and Xenophon. Many other Greek writings show understanding of sophisticated economic concepts. For instance, a form of Gresham’s Law is presented in Aristophanes’ Frogs.
Bryson of Heraclea was a neo-platonic who is cited as having heavily influenced early Muslim economic scholarship.
Middle Ages.
In the Middle Ages world economy slowly expanded with the increase of population and trade. The silk road was used for trading between Europe, Central Asia and China. During early period of the Middle Ages Europe was an economic backwater, however, by the later Medieval period rich trading cities in Italy emerged, creating first modern accounting and finance systems.
The first banknotes were used in Tang Dynasty China in the 9th century (with expanded use during the Song Dynasty), and the first in Europe issued by Stockholms Banco in 1661.
The Industrial Revolution.
Economic history as it relates to economic growth in the modern sense first occurred during the industrial revolution in Europe, due to high amounts of energy conversion taking place.
The 20th Century.
Economic growth spread to all regions of the world during the 20th century, when world GDP per capita quintupled. The highest growth occurred in the 1960s during post-war reconstruction.
In particular, shipping containers revolutionized trade in the second half of the century, by making it cheap to transport goods, especially internationally.
21st Century and the future.
Global Economic Crisis.
The world economy was predicted to shrink by between 0.5% and 1.0% in 2009, the first global contraction in 60 years. In its forecast the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said that developed countries will suffer "deep recession".
Economic theory developments in the late 20th Century.
By the 20th century, the industrial revolution had led to an exponential increase in the human consumption of resources. The increase in health, wealth and population was perceived as a simple path of progress. However, in the 1930s economists began developing models of non-renewable resource management (see Hotelling's Rule) and the sustainability of welfare in an economy that uses non-renewable resources.
Concerns about the environmental and social impacts of industry were expressed by some Enlightenment political economists and in the Romantic movement of the 1800s. Overpopulation was discussed in an essay by Thomas Malthus (see Malthusian catastrophe), while John Stuart Mill foresaw the desirability of a "stationary state" economy, thus anticipating concerns of the modern discipline of ecological economics.
Ecological Economics.
Ecological economics was founded in the works of Kenneth E. Boulding, Nicholas Georgescu-Roegen, Herman Daly and others. The disciplinary field of ecological economics also bears some similarity to the topic of green economics.
According to ecological economist Malte Faber, ecological economics is defined by its focus on nature, justice, and time. Issues of intergenerational equity, irreversibility of environmental change, uncertainty of long-term outcomes, and sustainable development guide ecological economic analysis and valuation.
Energy accounting.
Energy accounting is proposed in the early 1930s as a scientific alternative to a price system, or money method of regulating society. Joseph Tainter suggests that a diminishing ratio of energy returned on energy invested is a chief cause of the collapse of complex societies. Falling EROEI due to depletion of non-renewable resources also poses a difficult challenge for industrial economies. Sustainability becomes an issue as survival is threatened due to climate change.

</doc>
<doc id="20867795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867795" title="Travels with My Aunt (film)">
Travels with My Aunt (film)

Travels with My Aunt is a 1972 American comedy film directed by George Cukor. The screenplay by Jay Presson Allen and Hugh Wheeler is based on the 1969 novel of the same name by Graham Greene.
Plot.
While attending the cremation of his mother's remains, London bank manager Henry Pulling (Alec McCowen) meets aging eccentric Augusta Bertram (Maggie Smith), a flaming redhead who claims to be his aunt and announces the woman who raised him wasn't his biological mother. She invites him back to her apartment, where her lover, an African fortune teller named Zachary Wordsworth (Louis Gossett Jr.), is waiting for her. Shortly after she receives a package allegedly containing the severed finger of her true love, Ercole Visconti (Robert Stephens), with a note promising the two will be reunited upon payment of $100,000 ($433,000 in 2013 dollars).
Augusta asks Henry to accompany her to Paris and he agrees, unaware she actually is smuggling £50,000 out of England and transporting it to Turkey for a gangster named Crowder (Robert Flemyng) in exchange for a £10,000 fee she can put toward the ransom. The two board the Orient Express, where Henry meets Tooley (Cindy Williams), a young American hippie who takes a liking to him and gets him to smoke "French cigarettes" (marijuana) with her. When the train reaches Milan, Augusta is greeted by her illegitimate son Gerome, who presents her with a bouquet of flowers and an ear that supposedly belongs to Ercole.
When they arrive at the Turkish border, Augusta's plot is uncovered by officials who send her and Henry back to Paris. There Augusta attempts to secure the money she needs from her former lover Achille Dambreuse (José Luis López Vázquez), but the wealthy Frenchman dies of a heart attack in her hotel suite before she achieves her goal. Efforts to extort $100,000 from Achille's widow in return for their silence about the adulterous circumstances of his death fail, and Augusta decides to sell a valuable portrait of herself she claims was painted by Amedeo Modigliani to raise the money.
After an argument with Henry, Augusta lets it slip that he is Ercole's "other son". Once the painting is sold, they join Zachary on a fishing boat to North Africa, where they pay the ransom and are reunited with Ercole. He removes his bandages, revealing ear and finger intact, indicating he has been the mastermind of a plot to separate Augusta from her money. Henry, who was suspicious from the start, reveals not only that he has deduced Augusta is his biological mother, but that he exchanged "neatly cut pages of the Barcelona telephone directory" for the money in the package they delivered. He wants to use the cash he kept to purchase the portrait Augusta sold, but she tells him she would prefer to use it to finance further travels. Henry decides the matter should be decided with the toss of a coin and chooses 'Heads'. Wordsworth tosses the coin and the film ends on a freeze frame shot of Augusta, Henry and Wordsworth as they await the fall of the coin.
Production.
George Cukor initially gave Katharine Hepburn a copy of the Graham Greene novel and told her he wanted to cast her as Augusta. Upon first reading the book, basically a collection of anecdotes, she felt it couldn't be adapted into a viable screenplay, but after reading it several more times she agreed to make the film. She ultimately was unhappy with the completed script, and Jay Presson Allen finally suggested she rewrite the screenplay herself. After working on it for months, Hepburn submitted it to MGM, but studio head James T. Aubrey, Jr. felt it was missing the charm of the book. Additionally, he wanted Augusta to be seen as a younger woman in flashbacks, and he felt Hepburn was too old to do so convincingly. In a phone call to the actress, he told her the project was being postponed, but the next day her agent was advised she was being given notice for refusing to report to work. Hepburn was outraged and considered suing MGM for payment for her contributions to the screenplay, but finally decided against taking legal action. Allen later claimed only one speech of hers remained in the completed film, but Hepburn was denied screen credit because she wasn't a member of the Screen Writers Guild.
Costume designer Anthony Powell became a close friend of Maggie Smith and dressed her for her later films "Death on the Nile", "Evil Under the Sun", and "Hook", as well as the plays "Private Lives" and "Lettice and Lovage".
The film was shot on location in England, France, Italy, Morocco, Spain, Turkey and Yugoslavia.
The film's theme song, "Serenade of Love," was written by Jackie Trent and Tony Hatch and performed by Petula Clark.
Critical reception.
Roger Greenspun of the "New York Times" said the film's "great charm" lies in "the surprising emotional complexity it manages in terms of its light tone and its nutty, endlessly involved plotting. Such emotional complexity depends a good deal on richness of characterization and delicacy of human contact, and in this the film sometimes succeeds and sometimes doesn't. Alec McCowen does marvelous things as Henry … Maggie Smith, playing a woman twice her age, seems to have surrounded her character rather than to have inhabited it … and she is energetic enough for any five ordinary performers. But it is the energy of caricature rather than personality, and Aunt Augusta is sufficiently an original not to need any eccentricities added on. But the film is full of privileged moments, lucid, controlled and graceful, and any of them might serve to epitomize the style and the meaning of the valuable cinema of George Cukor." 
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" called the film "a whimsical romantic fantasy that works; which is to say, if you are not a fan of whimsical romantic fantasy, it's going to be too much for you." He added, "It was nearly too much for me - I found myself wincing from time to time when one of the movie's ornate props seemed about to bean me - but in the end I was won over, I guess." 
"TV Guide" rated it three out of four stars and commented, "Condensing Greene's novel into a workable screenplay was not entirely successful. Some moments are glossed over; others fly by all too rapidly in a valiant attempt to cram in as much of the book as possible within the 109-minute running time. Though it doesn't always succeed, the spirit is there often enough to cover the rapid-fire plot development. Cukor gives this a sort of tongue-in-cheek direction; at this point in his career his heyday was long past, and the film is no match for some of his earlier successes. Like its central character, it is unusual, unexpected, and not entirely what it projects itself to be, yet it is entertaining." 
Release history.
The VHS of "Travels with My Aunt" was released March 26, 1996. An official DVD release came on October 4, 2011, when the film was added to the Warner Archive Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="20867805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867805" title="Ely Devons">
Ely Devons

Ely Devons (29 July 1913 – 28 December 1967), an economist and statistician, was born in Bangor, Gwynedd North Wales, lived most of his life in Manchester and died after a long illness at St Thomas Hospital in London. He was survived by his wife, the concert pianist Estelle Wine, and their three children.
Life.
As a child Devons’ family moved throughout Britain and he was schooled at Hanley High School, Portsmouth Grammar School, and North Manchester Grammar School. From 1931 to 1934, Devons attended the Victoria University of Manchester where he read Economics, Politics and Modern History and would graduate with first class honours. After graduating he received a research fellowship to undertake an MA specialising in Economics and produced a well-received thesis on productivity that was published in "The Economic Journal". 
He worked as an economic assistant in Manchester at the Joint Committee of Cotton Trades Organisations over the period 1935–1939 and was brought into the Ministry of Supply, as a statistician working on Cotton Control, soon after the outbreak of the Second World War. Within a year he was encouraged to join the War Cabinet’s Central Economic Intelligence Service (the precursor to the Economic Section and Central Statistics Office) by John Jewkes and Harry Campion, two former colleagues from Manchester. Devons began work in Whitehall in March 1940 and joined a tight group of former academics and economists – a group that also included Lionel Robbins, Norman Chester, Alec Cairncross, Evan Durbin, D.G. Champernowne, and Harold Wilson – drafted into the British war effort. Between 1940 and 1945 he became the first Chief Statistician for the Central Statistics Office, then Director of Statistics, and finally the Director General of Planning, Programmes and Statistics with the Ministry of Aircraft Production.
After the war, he returned to Manchester as a Reader in Applied Economics and, in 1947, was appointed the Robert Ottley Professor of Applied Economics (the first such chair in a British University). Despite initial reservations, he remained at Manchester until 1959 and helped to build a dynamic Faculty of Economic and Social Studies working alongside Arthur Lewis, Harry Johnson, Michael Polyani, Max Glukman and Bill Mackenzie. Devons’ career ended at the London School of Economics (where he had replaced James Meade as Professor of Commerce) when illness forced his early retirement in 1965; the Ely Devons Prize, for outstanding performance in the MSc Econometrics and Mathematical Economics programme, is awarded in his honour. Away from Higher Education, he served on the council of the Royal Economic Society (1956–1964), the Local Government Commission (1959 to 1965) and as a sometime Government advisor to the aircraft industry and Monopolies Commission.
Influence.
Despite being known for his obstinacy, Devons was well liked by his colleagues and well respected by his peers. Though often a critic, he was an able and constructive administrator who held a wide range of research interests. These were disseminated across a range of academic papers, newspaper articles and broadcast talks as well as in a notable survey of his wartime experience. This work has since been overlooked by economists and historians alike, but has recently been rediscovered as both as ‘a useful source of practical operations management "know how"’ and as an important source to use when considering the complex relationship between economics and politics in Britain during the 1940s and 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="20867808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867808" title="Denmark–Thailand relations">
Denmark–Thailand relations

Denmark–Thailand relations refers to the diplomatic foreign relations between Denmark and Thailand. Denmark having an embassy in Bangkok, and Thailand an embassy in Copenhagen.
Relations with Siam.
A treaty of Friendship between Denmark and Siam, was signed in Bangkok on 21 May 1859.
Environmental cooperation.
By the mid-1990s, Thailand became a middle-income country. Consequently, the official bilateral development cooperation between Denmark and Thailand was phased out and the environmental cooperation between Thailand and Denmark officially ended 31 December 2009 marking the end of development cooperation between Thailand and Denmark after more than 45 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20867822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867822" title="Clarissa von Anstetten">
Clarissa von Anstetten

Clarissa von Anstetten (née Prozeski and formerly Kaufmann) is a fictional character on German soap opera "Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love)". The character is played by actress Isa Jank from the show's debut on January 2, 1995 to September 5, 2001 and again since June 21, 2011. She left the show again on March 20, 2013.
Casting.
The producers of show knew from the beginning, thanks to the Australian soap opera "Sons and Daughters" - which "Verbotene Liebe" was based on, what impact the character Clarissa would have on the show. They needed a strong and powerful actress in the role, who would click with viewers from the first scene. Isa Jank was eventually cast in the role and the producers soon saw that they succeed with the plan to find the right actress to play the role. She gave her debut in the show's premiere and for the prime years of the show became the main antagonist and center of "Verbotene Liebe". Clarissa became known as the German Alexis Colby and made the show known as the German glamour soap opera. 
In 1999, Clarissa's story was partly rewritten with the introduction of her ex-husband Peter Kaufmann. The story was not favored by fans nor Isa Jank herself. The actress began to have disagreements with the producers over her role and it ended in leaving the show only a little over a year after the Peter Kaufmann story was finished. Over the years, rumors of a comeback rose every know and then. In 2011, Jank agreed to return into the iconic role.
Her much anticipated return was publicly promoted with "the return of the bitch". But eventually fans got frustrated as it took almost six months to the final confrontation between Clarissa and Tanja. The rivalry after the confrontation was seen as partly childish and had not seem to have the old strength. Without any official conformation about an exit, Jank had her last tape day in December 2012 after a little bit more than one and a half year on the show.
Storyline.
Background.
Clarissa grows up in poor conditions. When she meets young architect student Arno Brandner, Clarissa falls for him and eventually ends up pregnant. Barely at legal age, Clarissa gives birth to twins, named Jan and Julia. As she doesn't know how to handle motherhood, especially with now two infants, Clarissa leaves Arno and her son Jan behind and decides to start a new life with her daughter Julia. Shorty afterwards, Clarissa meets the young and rich widower Christoph von Anstetten. He is fascinated by Clarissa and eventually ends up marrying her. Clarissa becomes a mother to Christoph's son Henning and more so a very rich and powerful woman.
Clarissa's back story gets rewritten in 1999, when a man named Peter Kaufmann claimed to have been married to Clarissa. She is supposed to have met Peter at a young age before meeting Christoph, which lead to her first marriage to Christoph being invalid.
1995-2001.
In January 1995, Clarissa is living her dream life. She doesn't have to worry about money and it seems as her daughter Julia is about to get engaged to medical student Gero von Sterneck. Clarissa's marriage to Christoph seems happy even though she makes no secret about having had several affairs to her best friend Charlie Schneider. Clarissa's life changes dramatically when she finds out that Julia has met her twin-brother Jan. The situation becomes even more difficult when unknowingly Julia begins to fall in love with Jan. Clarissa tries to keep Jan away from Julia and tells him the truth. Shorty afterwards Julia is diagnosed with leukemia and Jan just might be her only rescue. Clarissa hesitates to reveal her secret to safe her daughters life. When the truth finally comes out, the close relationship that Julia had to her mother is forever destroyed. As Christoph had no idea that Clarissa also has a son, the two face troubles in their marriage. Clarissa finds comfort in the arms of Arno, who has returned into her life as he wants to get to know Julia, while Christoph gets closer to Gero's mother Barbara.
Barbara becomes a rival for Clarissa in business as well as in her personal life. Clarissa uses every dirty trick in the book to ruin Barbara's business. But in the end, her schemes costs Clarissa her marriage to Christoph. She sees herself as a victim and promises Christoph and Barbara to make their lives a living hell. While making their lives complicated, Clarissa seems to have found a fair opponent in Tanja Wittkamp, who soon marries Christoph's younger brother Ben after a failed love triangle with Henning and Jan. But soon Clarissa has to realize that Tanja doesn't hold back, not even from murder. She kidnaps Clarissa and later threatens to kill her. When Clarissa finds out that Tanja is responsible for the murder of Cleo Winter, she puts Cleo's fiance Tim Sander in the right direction in order to get rid of Tanja for good.
As Clarissa decides to write a book about her glamours life as the wife of Christoph von Anstetten, Peter comes back into her life. He schemes his way to Clarissa's money and publicly humiliates her as an impostor. Christoph uses the information about Peter and Clarissa's marriage to make his marriage to Clarissa invalid. Clarissa later uses evidence for the innocence of Christoph's girlfriend Carolin in a murder case to blackmail Christoph into marrying her again. Realizing that he never can have the life he wants, Christoph commits suicide and shoots himself in front of Clarissa. 
Clarissa is hunted by what happened to Christoph and blames herself for his death. She even goes into therapy and it takes Clarissa a while to find back to her old self. Right in time for Tanja's return. She escaped from Tim's imprisonment and is now out for revenge on Clarissa. She plots to marry Henning and then stage his murder as a disguised Clarissa. However Clarissa gets behind Tanja's plan and can warn her step-son. Tanja then escapes out of police custody and threatens Clarissa with a loaded gun in a plane, with which Clarissa wanted to take a much needed vacation. Clarissa gets her hand on the gun as the pilot announces that a storm is ahead of them. Henning later gets the news that Clarissa's plane went down with no signs of survival. 
2011-2013.
In June 2011, Clarissa is waiting for her release out of a South American prison. She sat innocent for being accused of traveling with drugs. Clarissa is sure that this was one last stint from Tanja. Believing that her archenemy is dead, Clarissa wants to start a new life and reunite with her estranged children. She soon finds her daughter Julia on the Spanish island Mallorca and pleads for her forgiveness. Clarissa also reunites with Arno and Charlie who both know that Tanja is still alive and well living a happy life as a businesswoman in Germany, owning Clarissa's old fashion company 'Ligne Clarisse'. 
As Julia starts to forgive her mother for her past mistakes, Clarissa finds out that Jan is on the island as well. Hoping for a big family reunion, Clarissa soon has to realize that the old feelings between Jan and Julia are still there. Julia's marriage to local doctor Ricardo Mendes starts to fall apart and she soon gives into her feelings for Jan, much to the shock of Arno and Clarissa. While Jan and Julia want to start a new life together, Clarissa can't let go of the past when she finds out that Tanja's still alive. Clarissa returns to Düsseldorf with the help of Ansgar von Lahnstein and shocks Tanja with being the new Co-CEO of 'LCL'. 
Clarissa makes Tanja nervous and lets her know that she wants her company back. She looks at her best shot when Tanja is accused of attempted murder of head designer Sonja Jäger. Clarissa has proof that Tanja is innocent but holds it back to give Tanja a feeling what prison is like. She later offers the evidence to Tanja for her shares in the company. Tanja refuses at first but is later even willing to give in when the deal falls apart. Clarissa tells her the deal is off the table and that she hopes that Tanja rots in prison. When Tanja's husband Sebastian von Lahnstein is giving part of his liver to Clarissa's grandson Timo Mendes, Clarissa and Tanja have a heart to heart. Clarissa gives Tanja the evidence that can prove her innocence and they both try to be civil with each other.
When Ansgar comes up with a plan to get his hands on the family business, he gets Clarissa on board as his partner-in-crime. Clarissa confesses to Ansgar that she still wants 'LCL' for herself and is willing to do whatever it takes to get Tanja out of the company. Ansgar gives Clarissa prove that he simulated the collapse of the 'Lahnstein Bank', while Clarissa writes him over the name rights of 'LCL'. That way they both want to make sure that they don't betray each other. However when Ansgar finally gets to be the head of 'Lahnstein Enterprises', he starts to see Clarissa as a problem. He hires a private investigator who steals the proof Clarissa has on him. That leads to Ansgar firing Clarissa from her position as Co-CEO of 'LCL'. Clarissa is outraged and while Tanja is named sole CEO of 'LCL', Clarissa wants back what's her's. She visits Ansgar and threatens him with a gun to get back the name rights to 'LCL'. In a fight over the gun, Ansgar is shot. He ends up being fine and is not contacting the police. Clarissa tells Tanja and Sebastian that the collapse of the bank was fake and then decides to leave town. She promises them that she will return and make revenge, then she left with her private driver to the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="20867846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867846" title="TRT Çocuk">
TRT Çocuk

TRT Çocuk is a Turkish television station, part of the Turkish Radio and Television Corporation. It broadcasts 24 hours a day, cartoons for children until 21:00 and broadcasts TRT Okul till 06:30 since 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20867856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867856" title="Fabrício Silva Dornellas">
Fabrício Silva Dornellas

Fabrício Silva Dornellas or simply Fabrício (born February 20, 1990 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian central defender. He currently plays for Vitória.
Career.
Early career.
Fabrício's first professional experience was on loan at Paraná, in the second half of 2008 Brazilian season. He did well in the Brazilian Série B and returned to Flamengo for the 2009 season. Although, Flamengo decided to accept a loan offer from 1899 Hoffenheim to play until the end of 2008–09 Bundesliga.
Hoffenheim.
In his loan period at 1899 Hoffenheim, Fabrício had six appearances, only one as a starter. The German side decided not to exercise it's buying option and Fabrício returned to Flamengo.
Flamengo.
After the six-month period playing in Germany, Fabrício finally had his first chance to play in a professional match for Flamengo, and it came against one of the Brazilian Série A top teams at that time Internacional. The match was held in Maracanã Stadium on June 21, 2009 and Flamengo won 4–0.
Atlético Paranaense.
On May 18, 2011 Fabrício signed with Atlético Paranaense.
Career statistics.
"according to combined sources on the Flamengo official website."
International career.
Fabrício was a member of the Brazil national under-20 football team on the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup, and finished as runner-up.

</doc>
<doc id="20867874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867874" title="Global Initiatives Symposium in Taiwan">
Global Initiatives Symposium in Taiwan

The Global Initiatives Symposium in Taiwan or GIS Taiwan is an international conference organized by university students in Taiwan. GIS Taiwan hopes to gather innovative ideas from fellow students around the world to address current issues faced by the international community. The official language of GIS is English.
About GIS Taiwan.
As students studying in National Taiwan University, which is the highest ranked university in Taiwan (University World Rank 141, 2008), GIS Taiwan host team feels that it is their responsibility to reciprocate the society which has offered incalculable amount of resources to cultivate leaders of the next generation.
Taiwan possesses great energy in academic and corporate innovation. Developments in information technologies (World Rank 2, 2008), medical sciences and industrial designing has considerable influence on the international community. These advantages have prompted the host team's awareness to improve the welfare of the global village.
GIS believes that through an international conference, an opportunity can be offered to university students as them to gather innovative ideas in the land of Taiwan. And through exchanges and discussions, pragmatic experiences can be acquired, and effective solutions can be generated to address current issues in a feasible manner.
GIS aims to provide a platform for future leaders to ignite the creativity of the participants and to initiate possibilities of a better world.
Mission.
Standing on the basis of Taiwan, GIS seeks to gather present and potential future leaders of the world to share their forward looking, concrete and innovative ideas and awareness on both regional and global scale. Further, through discussing feasible and effective approaches to the challenges and trends the global community faces, they wish to see actions being taken in a sure-footed manner.
Vision.
GIS hopes that the symposium in Taiwan would initiate ideas and expand the attendees’ horizons in this ever changing global community. Through the symposium, GIS hopes that they can make our Earth, our small planet on which all things lives, a better place.

</doc>
<doc id="20867880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867880" title="Center for Anatomy of the Charité">
Center for Anatomy of the Charité

The Center for Anatomy of the Charité is one of the centers of the Universitätsmedizin Berlin Charité in Berlin whose primary goals are anatomy teaching and research. 
It is part of Charité Center 2 for basic medicine and is composed of 3 institutes - Institute of Integrative Anatomy, Institute of Cell Biology and Neurobiology, Institute of Vegetative Anatomy. It has a long history.
History.
Past directors: Christian Max Spener (1713–1714), Heinrich Henrici (1714–1723), August Buddeus (1696–1753), Johann Friedrich Meckel, the Elder (1753–1773), Johann Gottlieb Walter (1773–1810), Karl Bogislaus Reichert (until 1883), Heinrich Wilhelm Waldeyer, Rudolph Fick (1917–1952), Hermann Stieve (1946–1949), Friedrich Wilhelm Kopsch (1946–1949), Anton Johannes Waldeyer (1954–1966). 
Friedrich Schlemm (1795–1858) was full professor of anatomy in the University of Berlin since 1833.

</doc>
<doc id="20867897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867897" title="Claude Marc Bourget">
Claude Marc Bourget

Claude Marc Bourget (born 1956, in Montreal) is a musician, writer and Quebec journalist. He was first an Arts Student, and an autodidact musician (both in composition and Piano). Associated with the Quebec conservative right, he collaborates to the Égards magazine with Jean Renaud, Luc Gagnon and Richard Bastien.
Claude Marc Bourget was born in 1956 in Montreal. Autodidact, he became known in 1982 with his appearance at Musak Noise Sound Festival (Montreal's Vehicule Art Gallery), where several experimental artists from Montreal and New York participated" with a concert for improv'ed solo piano and recorded piece, entitled Resonant Tension /prolongation.
Shortly after, came the creation and production of Erdro Erdrosed, Contemporary Improv & recording system for piano, acoustic guitar, percussions, 3 tape recorders and 3 technicians. A more complex and better structured version, Erdro Erdrosed II (for 6 tape recorders working live in a multiple re-injection system), will be created in 1983 at the Musee dart contemporain de Montreal.
1983 marks Claude Marc Bourget joining the Ensemble de Musique Improvisee de Montreal (E.M.I.M.). He presents a solo concert at the Montreal Jazz Festival. After a tour in France with the E.M.I.M. (Paris, Metz, Nancy), he suddenly puts a stop to concerts. Since 1985, he is devoted to literature. 2006 marks his return to composing and improvisation.
He has been, for a while, Communications Director for various engineering firms, and counsellor to large firms (engineering, banks, insurance), while still working at literature.
He is a founding member or the Conservative magazine Égards, for which he is the web site director. He has produced, for Égards, a polemic study on Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville.
in 2007, he makes a comeback to music and especially to the piano. Improv master, but in a style which mixes modern Jazz to Classical music (Debussy, Ravel, Stravinsky) or Contemporary, he mostly performs solo.

</doc>
<doc id="20867901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867901" title="Johan Jansen">
Johan Jansen

Johan Jansen (born 7 February 1989) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for GVVV, as a goalkeeper.
Career.
Born in Terschuur, Jansen made his professional debut during the 2007-08 season for NAC Breda. After playing with Almere City, Jansen moved to GVVV in February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20867903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867903" title="Colin Tommis">
Colin Tommis

Colin Tommis (born 1958) is a composer, song writer, session guitarist and teacher. He is chairman of the European Guitar Teachers Association (EGTA). His guitar music has been published by the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music, Chanterelle, Corda Music, Mel Bay and Bardic Edition.
Tommis started playing in folk music circles in the 1970s before joining the Ian Campbell Folk Group, with whom he worked from 1977–1982. In 1979 he embarked on studies of classical music with Harold Taylor, John Bache and John Woolfe (Music Director for Stratford’s Royal Shakespeare Company) before graduation under the professorship of William Mathias at the University College of North Wales, Bangor. As a solo guitarist, he commissioned a new guitar sonata from Gareth Glyn and premiered pieces written especially for him by John Pickard, Jochen Eisentraut and Andy Crowdy. This last was a guitar concerto.
He founded the Anglesey Guitar Ensemble in 1993 and this became, under his leadership, a hugely successful group of young musicians. They won two national ensemble competitions and appeared on the BBC’s "Blue Peter" television show, before disbanding in 1997. In the late 1990s Tommis joined the experimental band "Ogam", which aimed to present traditional Welsh melodies in unusual arrangements.
Since then Tommis has collaborated with musicians such as Huw Warren, Gwyn Evans, and Lleuwen Steffan in the recording of many of his own songs. There are two CDs of Tommis’ songs: "The Cat Lover" and "Main Beam Blinded". Performances of Tommis’ music have been heard in France, Australia, Canada, Argentina and Denmark.
As chair of the European Guitar Teachers Association (EGTA), Tommis has had a decisive and pivotal role in developing the National Youth Guitar Ensemble (NYGE). The NYGE has performed Tommis’ ensemble music in numerous concerts across the U.K. As chairman he has steered the organisation to Charitable Status.
Tommis has recently collaborated on a children’s story for narrator and classical guitarist called “The Pink Feather”, for which he wrote 30 minutes of brand new solo classical guitar music. This project is now being recorded and performed at schools and festivals around the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20867929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867929" title="Wild Oats XI">
Wild Oats XI

Wild Oats XI is a maxi yacht, most famous for being the race record holder and a seven times line honours winner of the "blue water classic" Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race. She is owned by Robert Oatley, and skippered by New South Wales yachtsman Mark Richards.
In her first season "Wild Oats XI" won the "treble" in the 2005 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race, winning on elapsed (line honours) and corrected time (handicap) as well as setting a new race record. In the 2007 race, "Wild Oats XI" equaled the 59-year old record of "Morna", by taking line honours in the race three times in a row. In the 2008 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race, "Wild Oats XI" broke the record, winning an unprecedented fourth consecutive line honours. "Wild Oats XI" won the Sydney Hobart "treble" again in 2012, setting a new record of 1 day 18 hours 23 minutes 12 seconds.
Design.
"Wild Oats XI" is a state-of-the-art IRC supermaxi yacht designed by Reichel/Pugh with a Carbon/Nomex composite hull. As a distinctively narrow sloop at beam with an ambitious offshore racing program, she originally featured "canting ballast twin foil" appendages enabling her to carry a large sail plan without compromising stability. Her underbody has been updated continuously and now features a bow centerboard, twin daggerboards amidships, a canting keel with vertical winglets on the torpedo bulb and a centreline single aft balanced spade rudder. In 2013 Wild Oats XI was equipped with a Dynamic Stability System (DSS) which is a retractable horizontal foil deployed on the leeward side of the boat.
Construction.
"Wild Oats XI" was built by McConaghy Boats.
She was launched in December 2005 after a 9 month build and won her first Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race the same month.
Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race.
"Wild Oats XI" made her Sydney to Hobart debut in 2005, and made an immediate impact on the race. Racing out of the heads, she led the whole way south to arrive in record time, breaking "Alfa Romeo"'s 2002 record. In so-doing, "Wild Oats XI" took line honours, won the Tattersall's Cup (for overall winner adjusted on handicap), and becoming the first boat since "Rani" in the inaugural race in 1945 to do all three feats.
The following year, 2006, "Wild Oats XI" was equally dominant, taking line honours in 2 days, 8 hours, 52 minutes and 33 seconds. Arriving at 9:52pm, the yacht sailed into Sullivans Cove to rapturous applause by a large crowd gathered on the docks, who were appreciative of her achieving her 'double' despite being battered in heavy seas.
The 2007 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race saw "Wild Oats XI" equal the 59-year old record of "Morna", by winning a hat-trick of line honours titles. "Wild Oats XI" lined up for the start of the 2008 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race aiming to make history, and set a new record in her own right by becoming the only yacht to win four consecutive line honours titles, and did so, leading for the duration and completing the race in 1 day, 20 hours, 34 minutes 14 seconds. The 2008 race was not without difficulty for the crew though, as they picked up debris in Sydney Harbour which added excess drag, and also collided with a two-metre (6.5 foot) shark. The crew felt that the collision may have actually assisted them by dislodging the snag from their hull.
The time set by "Wild Oats XI" in 2005 of 1 day, 18 hours, 40 minutes and 10 seconds, remained the race record until 2012 when it was bettered by 16 minutes.
"Wild Oats XI" won line honours for the fifth time in the 2010 race, although the yacht's crew faced a protest against their win which could have resulted in disqualification. Under sailing instruction 44.1(A), yachts are required to report their position by radio as they pass Green Cape, the entrance to Bass Strait. The rule was created following the disastrous 1998 race in which five boats sank and six sailors died. As the yacht passed the cape, the crew realised that a blown fuse had rendered their high-frequency radio non-functional. They reported their position to race organisers via satellite phone, but race officials forwarded a complaint to an international jury, alleging that the crew had violated what race committee chairman Tim Cox called "one of the fundamental safety rules of the Sydney to Hobart yacht race". The complaint was dismissed by the jury, and "Wild Oats XI" was awarded its fifth Sydney to Hobart line honours.
In the 2011 race Wild Oats came second to "Investec Loyal" in a time of 2 days, 6 hours, 17 minutes and 26 seconds. They finished 2 minutes and 48 seconds behind.
The 2012 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race saw the super maxi once again take line honours. The race time of one day, 18 hours and 23 minutes and 12 seconds broke the yacht's own race record by 16 minutes and 58 seconds. She also completed the treble of Line honours, Handicap and race record for the second time. She is still only the second boat to ever achieve this feat.

</doc>
<doc id="20867964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867964" title="Mario Zanini">
Mario Zanini

Mario Zanini, or simply Zanini (São Paulo, September 10, 1907 — São Paulo, August 16, 1971), was a Brazilian painter and interior designer.
He was born in a humble family. As a teenager he studied in the "Escola de Belas de São Paulo", or "School of Arts of São Paulo". He ran for the major art prizes of the country. Travelled to Europe in 1950 for studying. He was also in the first three São Paulo Art Biennials.
He was part of the Grupo Santa Helena, that would be a nucleus for the "Família Artística Paulista", or "Artistic Family of São Paulo". What distinguishes him from the average integrants of the "Grupo do Santa Helena" and the "Família Artística Paulista" were his deep, intense colors, almost naive. He and Alfredo Volpi were the great masters of color in the Brazilian painting history.

</doc>
<doc id="20867971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867971" title="AbsolutePunk">
AbsolutePunk

AbsolutePunk is a website, online community, and alternative music news source founded by Jason Tate (the current CEO). The website mainly focuses on artists who are relatively unknown to mainstream audiences, but it has been known to feature artists who have eventually achieved crossover success, including Blink-182, Fall Out Boy, My Chemical Romance, Brand New, Taking Back Sunday, Anberlin, Thrice, All Time Low, Jack's Mannequin, Yellowcard, Relient K, and A Day To Remember. The primary musical genres of focus include emo and pop punk, but other genres are included.
Website.
Founded June 6, 2000 by Jason Tate, the website focuses on music industry news, and includes album reviews, interviews, articles, journals and photo galleries. The site also allows user interaction via a vBulletin Internet Forum system; users can register their own personalized account, create a profile, and comment on nearly every portion of the site. Special accounts are afforded to industry figures (such as record label representatives) and band members denoting them as such, with threads often created specifically to allow users to interact with them.
The website originally started as a Blink-182/MxPx fan site. In 2005, the site was drawing six million hits daily. By 2006, the website was noted for engaging teenagers, and was beginning to chip away at the dominance of MySpace, according to OMMA online media magazine.
The social media network Buzznet purchased AbsolutePunk in May 2008. AbsolutePunk's community includes over 500,000 music fans, making it one of the largest alternative music zines on the Internet.
The site is essentially run by contributor-turned-moderators who work for the site but are not paid. They add news posts, write reviews and conduct interviews all in their free time.
Content.
Even though it has lost some content because of numerous server switches over the years, AbsolutePunk still features over 55,000 news articles, 2500 reviews, 500 interviews, and 52,000 files in its multimedia gallery. ABSOLUTExclusives (content exclusive to the website) and recent album reviews are often displayed prominently at the top of the site's news feed, while other stories are simply listed in descending chronological order. The staff conduct frequent interviews with bands and often ask the AbsolutePunk community to contribute questions in advance. They also run numerous contests via both an opt-in lottery system and through news items, with the latter usually awarding prizes to the users who reply the fastest while meeting certain criteria as being able to provide their own transportation to a concert venue.
Forums.
One of AbsolutePunk's main purposes is to connect music fans with one another through its extensive online forums. The forums feature over 318,500 registered members. They are divided into a number of different sections, split into categories such as entertainment, sports, politics, and education. Users are encouraged to contribute their own media to the site, such as album reviews and news submissions. As most of the site functions on the same bulletin board system, forum activity can often spill out into album reviews and news stories as well.
Accomplishments.
On June 1, 2005 vocalist and pianist Andrew McMahon of the bands Something Corporate and Jack's Mannequin was diagnosed with leukemia. AbsolutePunk raised approximately $16,400 for the Leukemia Research Foundation by selling over 6,000 orange gel bracelets online. The wristbands read "I Will Fight" in reference to a well-known song ("Watch the Sky") by Something Corporate.

</doc>
<doc id="20867993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20867993" title="Consuming Passions (Irish TV series)">
Consuming Passions (Irish TV series)

Consuming Passions is an Irish television series broadcast on RTÉ One. Produced by Wildfire Films, it serves as summer filler for the station and two series have thus far been produced. The series examines various obscure obsessions which people have, ranging from cuddling reptiles to piloting light aircraft, beekeeping, living rockabilly, dancing the tango, truck-driving, birds of prey, horse whispering and sailing.
The show run until second season.
Episode list.
Two series of "Consuming Passions" have been produced thus far.
Series one.
Series one ran from 4 July 2007 until 22 August 2007.
Series two.
Series two ran from 9 July 2008 until 27 August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20868022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868022" title="Hoshizora no Live II Constellation Misia 2003">
Hoshizora no Live II Constellation Misia 2003

Hoshizora no Live II Constellation Misia 2003 was a 2003 concert tour by Japanese R&B singer Misia. It is her first acoustic tour, inspired by the 2001 fan club concert of the same name. The concept for the tour was a "little recital in the woods".

</doc>
<doc id="20868026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868026" title="Zanini">
Zanini

Zanini is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20868029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868029" title="Microplanner">
Microplanner

Microplanner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20868065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868065" title="Ludvig Abelin Schou">
Ludvig Abelin Schou

Ludvig Abelin Schou (11 January 1838 – 30 September 1867) was a Danish painter of the late Romanticism period.
Career.
Schou was born in Slagelse 11 January 1838 and he graduated from the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in 1855. After graduating, he became a student of Wilhelm Marstrand and Niels Simonsen, who both were professors at the academy. In 1860, he won the academy's lesser silver medal and in 1861, the greater silver medal.
Schou travelled to the Netherlands and Belgium in 1860, to Rome 1864–1866, to Paris in 1866, to Rome 1866–67 and to Florence in 1867. His most ambitious work and one often described as his main work—"Roman Workmen Transporting an Antique Imperial Statue from the Colosseum through the Arch of Titus to the Capitoline Museums" ()—was completed during his second stay in Italy. It combined a Romantic appreciation of ancient Rome with elements of realism in the depiction of the Roman workers and spectators, and it received high praise when displayed in Copenhagen in 1868.
Schou died from cholera 30 September 1867 in Florence.
Notes.
There is a painting depicting Mikkel Church by this painter in the Bergen Art Museum in Bergen,Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="20868083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868083" title="Ton Pattinama">
Ton Pattinama

Ton Pattinama (born 30 July 1956, Rotterdam) is a retired Dutch footballer who played for Excelsior, FC Den Bosch, FC Utrecht, Heracles Almelo and ADO Den Haag. Football players Edinho (NAC Breda) and Jordao Pattinama (Feyenoord) are his sons.

</doc>
<doc id="20868091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868091" title="Howard Adelman">
Howard Adelman

Howard Adelman (born January 7, 1938) is a Canadian philosopher and former university professor. He retired as Professor Emeritus of Philosophy at York University in 2003. Adelman was one of the founders of Rochdale College, as well as the founder and director of York's Centre for Refugee Studies. He was editor of "Refuge" for ten years, and since his retirement he has received several honorary university and governmental appointments in Canada and abroad. Adelman was the recipient of numerous awards and grants, and presented the inaugural lecture in a series named in his honor at York University in 2008.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Howard Adelman was born January 7, 1938, in Toronto, Ontario. He earned a B.A. (1960), M.A. (1963), and Ph.D. (1971) in philosophy from the University of Toronto, and was a member of the faculty at York University in Toronto from 1966 until his retirement in 2003. As a nineteen-year-old philosophy student, Adelman, was hired in 1958 by the Campus Co-operative to meet a growing need for student housing at the University of Toronto. With Adelman's advice, Campus Co-op acquired additional properties and formed Co-operative College Residences Inc., a non-profit off-shoot. Later, while a Lecturer in Philosophy at the University of Toronto (1963–1964) and Assistant Professor at York University (1966–1970), Adelman was one of the principal founders of Rochdale College, an experimental "free university" organized on the cooperative principle of its British namesake. After obtaining federal mortgages at well below market rates, Campus Co-op incorporated Rochdale College in 1964. An energetic and entrepreneurial spirit with boundless imagination and a playful sense of humor, at that time Adelman was prone to saying he "teaches at the University of Toronto and studies at Rochdale."
Adelman was the founder and director of York's Centre for Refugee Studies (1988–1993) and for ten years he was editor of Canada's periodical on refugees, "Refuge" until 1993.
Service and recognition.
Adelman served in many university positions at York University, including acting dean of Atkinson College, two terms as director of the graduate program in philosophy, and chair of the Department of Philosophy at York University. He served as Vice-Chair, York University Senate (1980–81), and as its Chair (1981–82). Adelman served as National Chair of Canadian Professors for Peace in the Middle East (1983–84), and Director of the Refugee Documentation Project (1982–86).
In 2008 Adelman was honored as the keynote speaker at the First Annual Howard Adelman Lecture in celebration of the Centre for Refugee Studies’ 20th anniversary. Held during Refugee Rights Week in Toronto, Adelman reviewed recent research on refugees, suggesting it is probably more beneficial than detrimental to assist refugees.
Post-retirement.
After retiring in 2003, Adelman was appointed visiting professor at the Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton University in 2004. In 2008, Adelman is Senior Research Fellow at the Key Centre for Ethics, Law, Justice and Governance at Griffith University in Brisbane, Australia. He serves as the deputy convener of GovNet, a consortium of researchers on governance issues in Australia, and as research director of the International Consortium of Research on Governance of the Health Workforce. He is producer and host of a weekly television program, Israel Today, broadcast in Canada and parts of the United States.
Scholarship.
The author, coauthor or editor of 23 scholarly books and over 100 articles and book chapters, in addition to numerous other papers, addresses, and professional reports, Adelman has written extensively on the Middle East, humanitarian intervention, membership rights, ethics, early warning and conflict management, refugee repatriation, policy and resettlement, including his contribution in 2000 to the Institutional Component of the Early Warning and Conflict Management System set up by IGAD (Intergovernmental Authority on Development) for the Horn of Africa.
Perhaps best known for his work in applied philosophy concerning refugees, immigration policy and genocide, Adelman published a major study entitled "Early Warning and Conflict Management: Joint Evaluation of Emergency Assistance to Rwanda" (1996) as part of the 5 volume study "International Response to Conflict and Genocide: Lessons from the Rwanda Experience". In 1999, he co-edited "The Path of a Genocide: The Rwanda Crisis from Uganda to Zaire", already regarded a classic on the subject. Adelman served as an associate editor for the Macmillan three-volume "Encyclopedia of Genocide and Crimes Against Humanity" (2005). These efforts earned international acclaim.
His earlier works included publications on social criticism and reform of universities, including "The University Game", co-edited with Dennis Lee (1968), "The Beds of Academe" (1970), and "The Holiversity" (1973).

</doc>
<doc id="20868098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868098" title="Robert W. Laing">
Robert W. Laing

Robert W. Laing is a British production designer, art director and set decorator. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for another in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Laing won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and was nominated for another:

</doc>
<doc id="20868100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868100" title="Colorama (Kodak)">
Colorama (Kodak)

The Colorama was a large photographic display located on the east balcony inside New York City's Grand Central Terminal from 1950 to 1990. Used as advertisements by the Eastman Kodak Company, the photographs were backlit transparencies 18 feet tall by 60 feet wide. They were described as "The World's Largest Photographs."
Since it was first displayed in May 1950, over 600,000 people saw the Kodak Colorama each day in New York’s Grand Central Terminal. From baseball games, and weddings, to NASA’s landing on the moon and of, course those famous 15 babies, the Kodak Colorama evolved from an advertisement for color film into an American tradition that lasted for over 40 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20868125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868125" title="List of EastEnders characters (2009)">
List of EastEnders characters (2009)

"EastEnders" is a long-running BBC soap opera from the United Kingdom. This is a list of characters who first appeared on the programme during 2009, listed in order of their first appearance. They were all introduced by the show's executive producer, Diederick Santer.
Debra Dean.
Debra Dean, played by actress Ruth Gemmell, first appears on 5 January 2009. She is the mother of established character Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty), who she left along with Whitney's father, Nathan Dean, when Whitney was very young. Debra kept in touch with Nathan and his partner Bianca Jackson (Patsy Palmer) so Nathan and Bianca could keep her informed about Whitney. Debra is known to have worn a crucifix, which she gave to Whitney before she left. She also gave Whitney a porcelain doll that was broken by Whitney's sister, Tiffany (Maisie Smith).
Debra is first mentioned in late December 2008 when Whitney decides to get in touch, only to discover Debra has not received the letter as Bianca gave her the wrong address. She claims not to have the right address when Whitney asks for it, wanting to protect her, but Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks) discovers Bianca is lying and steals it from Bianca's address book, and gives it to Whitney.
Debra and Whitney meet on 5 January at a café where Debra works. Whitney tries to discuss when they had lived together but Debra is not interested. She shows no interest in Whitney, coldly rejecting her, upsetting Whitney so much that she breaks down in tears just after she leaves the café. She goes home and tells Bianca that she is her mother as Whitney felt visiting her birth mother was the biggest mistake she has made.
Whitney does not have any further contact with Debra until 5 June when she arrives unexpectedly. Bianca sends her away but Debra returns a few days later, insisting she wants to get to know her daughter. Bianca tells Ricky Butcher that Debra is not to be trusted and on Whitney's first birthday, she went on holiday with friends instead of being there for her daughter. Debra takes Whitney out for lunch at The Queen Victoria public house, where they start to bond, and Debra confesses that she is homeless. As a result, Whitney asks Bianca to let her stay with them. Whitney helps her sell some counterfeit DVDs. Their bond grows stronger and she surprises Whitney with her plan to move to Greece and asks if she will come. Whitney delightfully accepts, but realises that Debra is using her when she leaves suddenly, giving Whitney a sealed envelope, telling her she will be back for it and tells her not to open it or she would be "sorry".
She returns on 17 July with cuts on her face, just after Ricky leaves, after failing to convince Whitney to go to Brighton with them. Debra says that someone is after her and this turns out to be her son, Ryan Malloy (Neil McDermott). Whitney and Debra go to an abandoned school and retrieve a bag. Debra will not let Whitney see the contents and when they get home, a man who has been stalking Whitney is inside. The man is Ryan and he and Debra argue. When Whitney defends her mother, Ryan tells her she is his mother too. It is revealed that the bag contains a knife that Ryan stabbed somebody with. Ryan returns the next morning and argues with Debra again, causing Whitney to run out and throw the knife into the canal. When she returns, Debra plans to leave but when Whitney tells her about her abuser Tony King and his upcoming trial and says she is going to cook them a family meal, she agrees to stay. When Ryan and Debra are alone, he tells her to leave, insisting she is a bad mother and that Whitney is better off without her. Looking frightened, Debra leaves. In December, Debra sends Ryan a text message to say that she cannot attend Tony's trial to support Whitney and not to contact her again.
Marissa Moore.
Marissa Moore, played by Finn Atkins, makes her first on-screen appearance on 13 January 2009, working at the newly opened Gilly's Massage Parlour. The parlour is met with opposition from Peggy Mitchell (Barbara Windsor) and Dot Branning (June Brown), amongst other residents. Peggy tries to convince Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker) not to serve Marissa in his shop, but Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) sticks up for her and strikes up a friendship with her.
As Kris Green of Digital Spy reports, "Jay (Jamie Borthwick) tries to take his friendship with Marissa (Finn Atkins) to another level. [...] He plans to run away with Marissa. [...] When Jay meets with Marissa, however, he's confused by her behaviour. All's not what it seems with the young female as she brushes Jay off and makes a call and says into the mic: 'I did what you said. Now leave him alone.'"
Atkins discussed her role in an interview with the "Nottingham Evening Post". When asked, "The ears of local viewers must have pricked up when they heard Marissa?" Atkins replied, "A lot of people have said that! I've had a lot of nice feedback. When I went for the casting I'd prepared a London accent, but they were like, 'You know what, we prefer your Nottingham accent,' and I was like 'Get in!' A lot of people had assumed I would be giving it the Cockney slang and I said, 'No – I'm doing it with my Nottingham accent.' I kind of felt like I was representing the city." Atkins described the character at some length, noting, "My character, Marissa, was in a lot of scenes with Jamie Borthwick, who plays Jay Brown... Marissa was a runaway who had been let down by people. She arrived in London to stay with a friend, but found the friend wasn't there, so she'd been on her own and the hardship had forced her into prostitution. Obviously that wasn't something that "EastEnders" could delve too much into, but you got the idea that she was going through hard times. She could seem quite hard but she did have a softer side. I don't know if they'll return to the storyline or not... The character, Marissa, was only 16. Because I'm quite small I can play anything from 15 up to my age or even a bit older."
Grace Dent writes, "I feel sad for Marissa already. Gilly's brothel is a garish tribute to why this really is still a man's world and Marissa's just the faceless droid who masturbates him. I'm not sure that banning Marissa from the [café] so she can't have a bacon sandwich afterwards is really solving anything."
Andy Jones.
Andy Jones, played by Aneirin Hughes, is the adoptive father of established character Danielle Jones (Lauren Crace). He is mentioned frequently when Danielle arrives in Albert Square in August 2008 to locate her birth mother Ronnie Mitchell (Samantha Womack) and makes his first on-screen appearance on 16 January 2009 after Ronnie phones him after Danielle confesses to her about her pregnancy.
Andy asks Danielle to return to their hometown Telford as her brother, Gareth, is getting married. He also says that they will support her through her pregnancy but she says she wants to stay in London. After he leaves, Danielle tells Ronnie that her father has said she should have an abortion and later that evening, books one at the hospital.
Andy is mentioned a month later when Danielle visits him and Gareth after her bond with Ronnie begins falling apart. However, she soon misses Ronnie and Walford. Andy is upset and angry when Danielle tells him about her abortion and how she searched for her biological mother. Danielle decides to return to Walford because of this.
Two months later, Danielle finally reveals her true identity to Ronnie, but is accidentally knocked down and dies. Andy returns and talks to Danielle's friend Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) about the life Danielle had in Walford. When he meets Ronnie again, he realises that she is the woman who gave Danielle up for adoption and blames her for Danielle's death. He returns for Danielle's funeral and does not allow Ronnie to attend but makes amends later at he house by telling her about Danielle's childhood and life up till she came to Walford. He gives Ronnie Danielle's childhood teddy bear and at first she declines, knowing Danielle means more to him than her, but later accepts for the sake of Danielle. As Ronnie leaves, he talks about Danielle's good nature, saying she must have got it from her Adoptive mother Liz. He then calls Ronnie back into the house before she leaves and gives her all of Danielle's photos. He tells her he was wrong to blame her for her death, and that he realises it was her father Archie Mitchell's fault she died.
Theo Kelly.
Theo Kelly, played by Rolan Bell, was scripted as a love interest for the character Chelsea Fox (Tiana Benjamin), who, it is claimed, was won over by his "good looks and impeccable manners". He appears between 26 January and 15 June 2009.
According to a BBC news release, "Theo's good looks and manners make him a hit with the ladies on the Square. He seems like the perfect gent". Discussing his casting, Rolan Bell said, "As a lifelong fan of "EastEnders" it is amazing to be part of the show - everyone has been so welcoming on set. Working with actors such as Rudolph Walker has been a dream come true and I can't wait to see how my character develops on screen." He added, "I auditioned for EastEnders a few years ago when I 'd just left drama school and, quite luckily, I didn't get the part because it was only a small walk-on role. When the audition for Theo came up, I just went for it and gave it all I could."
In an interview with media website Digital Spy, Bell revealed information about his character's personality: "He's a well-to-do guy [...] He's been raised with good manners and he's definitely a mummy's boy. He's the kind of guy that wants to do right by women, but at the same time, he's a bit of a ladies' man. He's quite a gentleman and definitely old-fashioned." According to Bell, the writers of "EastEnders" pitched Theo as "a young, charming guy with impeccable manners"; however, he revealed that not much about his character's background was revealed in the beginning, so development has been "an organic process".
In February 2009, the character was featured as part of "EastEnders"' first episode acted by an all-black cast, which received focus in the British media.
Storylines.
The character's backstory was revealed by Rolan Bell: "Theo's grown up in a one-parent family in Brixton [...] he's the eldest of his brothers and sisters - he's actually one of six children [...] The father/son relationship is quite distant - almost non-existent - and I think that's why he has the attitude towards women that he has. Theo's seen the pain his mother's been through and he has quite a compassion for women in that situation."
Theo Kelly arrives in Walford in search of Patrick Trueman. He is searching for him on behalf of Tommy Clifford in regard to the 1950s race riots that Patrick was involved with. He introduces Tommy to Patrick, not realising that Tommy is the man who killed Patrick's fiancee during the riots. Theo begins dating Chelsea Fox, who is close to Patrick, but when Tommy's true identity is discovered, Theo falls out with Chelsea, although she eventually forgives him, believing that he was not a part of Tommy's deception.
Chelsea believes she is not intelligent enough for Theo, she strays with a footballer named Ellis in June 2009. Theo is willing to forgive her, but Chelsea rejects him due to her insecurities. Chelsea later dumps Theo in favour of Ellis and later leaves Walford with Ellis. However she returns a few weeks later admitting to her family that she's been the victim of domestic abuse. She has had no further contact with Theo and he has not been seen around Albert Square since.
Roger Clarke.
Roger Clarke, played by Geoffrey Hutchings, is the husband of Linda Clarke and father of Jane and Christian. He lives in Florida with his wife and rarely sees his children. He is first mentioned in November 2006 when Linda arrived in Walford for Jane's wedding to Ian Beale, explaining that Roger's absence was due to ill health. He is again mentioned by Linda when she turns up on Ian and Jane's doorstep in November 2008, announcing that Roger has left her and has been having an affair with a nurse named Marion for months. After a few months apart, Roger writes to Linda in January 2009 asking for a reconciliation.
Roger arrives in Walford on 3 February 2009 after being contacted by Ian to take Linda home. Upon his arrival, Roger and Linda reminisce over old times and, after he reveals that he and Marion have gone their separate ways, he declares his love for Linda and asks her to return to Florida with him. After initial doubts, Linda agrees and the couple leave Walford on 6 February 2009.
Syd Chambers.
Sydney "Syd" Chambers is played by Nina Toussaint-White and appeared on screen between 6 February and 11 December 2009. After her first appearance, it was revealed that Syd has a deaf son named Noah.
In January 2009, it was announced that actress Nina Toussaint-White would join "EastEnders" playing Syd, a new love interest for Bradley Branning (Charlie Clements). Speaking of her part, Toussaint-White said: "I have been a fan of "EastEnders" for as long as I can remember and I am extremely excited to be working on such a great show. Finding out I got the job was exciting, but standing on the Square for the first time was amazing although very surreal." She added: "I'm looking forward to working with Charlie Clements and seeing what Syd is going to get up to."
Toussaint-White has subsequently claimed that the relationship between Bradley and Syd is an attempt to portray more interracial relationships in "EastEnders". However, she also urged the soap to go further in trying to accurately portray the diversity of modern London. Toussaint-White also claimed that her addition in the cast of "EastEnders" was part of an ongoing process of including more ethnic-minority characters in the show.
The result of Syd's relationship with Bradley is directly linked to the high-profile storyline of Stacey Slater's (Lacey Turner) ongoing battle with bipolar disorder, and her subsequent sectioning.
Storylines.
Syd and her dog, Sugar, come to Walford in February 2009 to return Gumbo, Bradley Branning's dog, who had gone missing. Upon meeting Bradley, she accepts his offer of a cup of tea and is seen again in March when Bradley finally plucks up the courage to phone her. Later that evening, they spend time together at his home but are briefly interrupted by Bradley's estranged wife Stacey Slater. Liking the area, Syd moves into the flat above the bookmakers and begins dating Bradley. She finds herself attracted to him as he is different from the other men she has dated, and when Bradley confesses that he is unemployed, she admires his honesty and kisses him, cementing their relationship.
However, she disappears for some time, making Bradley worried that she is no longer interested. When she finally reappears, she insists that she has been busy with her job as a nurse. Bradley, however, remains unconvinced that Syd has feelings for him and, attempting to prove him wrong, she gives him a rose and they sleep together. Bradley is delighted by this but Syd breaks his heart when she finishes with him. After seeing a man leave her flat, Bradley decides to move to Edinburgh until Syd hears about it. She rushes to his house and begs him to reconsider, inviting him to her flat so she can explain her actions. Bradley relents and Syd introduces him to her deaf son Noah, informing him that the man he saw was her babysitter.
When Bradley is admitted to hospital, Max urges Syd to visit him, but she refuses because she does not want to leave Noah. She changes her mind when Noah takes a shine to Bradley and asks about him.
In August, she receives a job offer in Canada. Excited, Noah announces that Bradley is coming with them, but Bradley is worried about leaving his family behind, particularly his grandfather, who has just returned from a nursing home. She is sad but understands his circumstances. Noah too is against the idea of moving to Canada as he has made friends in Walford. After arguing with Stacey, Bradley tells Syd that he will go to Canada with her and Noah whenever she wants. They leave on 9 October but return on 7 December to visit his mother, Rachel, in hospital. However, Bradley tells Syd that he is still in love with Stacey and refuses to return to Canada. She tries but fails to convince him that Stacey is trying to split them up and that he cannot leave Noah. However, he insists he is staying in Walford and says goodbye to them after helping to put their luggage in the car. Heartbroken, she and Noah leave without Bradley.
Syd was not heard from again until February 2010 when her former roommate Amira contacted her in order to inform her of Bradley's death.
Todd Taylor.
Todd Taylor, played by Ashley Kumar, is introduced as a love interest for Whitney Dean. The pair meet at the laundrette on 10 February 2009 when they are doing their laundry. They are later reacquainted when coincidentally Todd is working for Ricky Butcher as a car valet and Whitney accidentally picks up and washed a pair of Todd's boxer-briefs.
Todd is shy but asks her out on a date. Whitney initially is not interested, but later changes her mind. Their first date starts well, but when Todd tells Whitney about his past relationship with another girl, he puts pressure on her, wanting to know about her past relationship too. Whitney runs away when she feels haunted over her sexual abusive relationship with paedophile Tony King. Todd later bumps into Whitney and asks her what was bothering her, but she storms off, although he finds her later again and immediately contact Ricky, where he discovers her drunk in a dark alleyway. The next day Todd visits the Whitney's home to check on her and drops off some chocolates for her. This makes a good impression on Ricky as he states that Todd is a mature person that cares for Whitney, unlike Tony who took advantage of her.
Todd appears two months later after his new boss Darren Miller buys the car lot back from Ricky's manipulative sister Janine Butcher. He meets Whitney again when he comes to play on his Xbox 360. However things do not end as expected when Tiffany Dean, Whitney's adoptive half-sister's pet caterpillar crawls into his clothes and he takes off his shirt in a panic. When Ricky walks into the room, he thinks that Todd is stripping for Whitney and kicks him out. Later on, Todd helped Whitney down from the swing in the playground and she stumbles onto him, which leads her to think he was about to kiss her. Todd later turns up at her home where Ricky apologises for the misunderstanding, along with Whitney making up with him. They go to play on the Xbox again but Todd accidentally stands on the caterpillar, much to Tiffany's dismay. Whitney and Todd decide to just be friends, but Whitney discovers a condom in his wallet, which he left behind by mistake, discovering that he is still thinking of being more than just friends. After trying to apologise to Whitney and telling her his mother made him carry a condom, he is threatened into leaving by Whitney's older brother Ryan Malloy.
He returns in December 2009 when he bumps into Ricky in The Queen Victoria, who thinks Todd may help Whitney take her mind off Tony's abuse trial. Todd goes to see Whitney to give her a Christmas card, saying he hopes they are still friends, and she lets him in. He cooks mince pies and says he wants to be a mechanic like Ricky. Whitney realises that Ricky has put him up to spending time with her but they later play darts together in the pub. However, the next time he invites her out, she turns him down and he embarrasses himself and leaves. Whitney starts ignoring Todd's calls, and she is upset when Ricky invites him to his and Bianca's engagement party on New Year's Eve. When he turns up, Whitney apologises and they kiss after midnight.
Todd and Whitney find Darren asleep on a park bench and help him, as he is freezing cold. Todd reveals he is a first aider. Lucy Beale invites Todd to a house party and he invites Whitney. At the party, Lucy comes onto Todd so Whitney takes him off to a bedroom. He tells her about a girl whose life he once saved when she was choking. They plan to have sex but then change their minds and decide to wait. At a meal with Whitney, Janine and Ryan, Ryan sarcastically makes fun of Todd's anecdotes. When Whitney's step-uncle Billie Jackson arrives for Bianca and Ricky's wedding in February 2010, Whitney shows a clear interest in him and once again starts shunning Todd, much to his jealousy. As her feelings for Billie start to deepen, she breaks up with Todd, despite his pleading with her to give him another chance, telling her that he loves her and that he will get a motorbike like Billie if that will impress her, but she remains cold with him, and he leaves the Square in tears.
Pearl Rogers.
Pearl Rogers, played by Su Elliot, is a local homeless woman who takes shelter in fish and chip shop Beale's Plaice on 17 February 2009, much to the chagrin of owner Ian Beale. This prompts him to forbid his charitable employee Lucas Johnson to serve her. However, Lucas ignores him and gives her some chips for free. She has a conversation with Dawn Swann when she confides in Pearl about her relationship with Garry Hobbs. During this conversation, Pearl states that she is a widow and her husband died of cancer. She is last seen on 20 February 2009 when Lucas is caught giving free food from Beale's Plaice to her and homeless friends. This leads to Ian and Lucas having an argument and Lucas decides to quit his job.
Trina Johnson.
Trina Johnson, played by Sharon Duncan Brewster, is introduced as the wife of already established character Lucas Johnson and mother of his son Jordan.
She first appears on 23 February 2009, unexpectedly to Lucas, Jordan and Lucas's fiancée Denise Wicks. At first, Lucas is shocked to see her and tells her that their marriage is over and that he is going to marry Denise. It is revealed that Trina is also a drug addict. After being warned by Patrick Trueman to stay away from them, she shockingly tells him that Lucas spent Christmas with her. She is not seen after this and when Patrick confronts Lucas, he says he has applied for a divorce.
Patrick sees Trina spying on Lucas and Denise kissing, on 19 June 2009. A week later, Lucas reveals to Denise he dislikes Trina because she was a bad mother to Jordan. When he was a baby, he was born addicted to heroin — the reason why she abandoned him. The following week, Trina reveals that Lucas spent Christmas with her, which prompts Denise to throw Lucas out. After being rejected by Lucas, Trina is kicked out of The Queen Victoria public house by barmaid Roxy Mitchell for throwing a drink over Jack Branning. Trina goes to Pat Evans' house where Lucas is staying and comes downstairs in her underwear, asking Lucas to come back to bed, witnessed by Denise who has only just forgiven Lucas.
Trina plays a trick on Denise by telling the police that Denise is abusing Jordan. However, the social worker can find no evidence of abuse. Despite all of her plans to drive them further apart, Trina tells Lucas and Denise that she has agreed to a divorce. However, she also tells them that she is planning to relocate to Walford with Jordan. A few weeks later she returns during an exciting day for Denise's daughter Libby Fox. The family are planning to go to celebrate as Libby has a place to study at Oxford University. Trina turns up and Jordan is ecstatic, but Denise tells Lucas to get rid of her. Outside, he asks her if she is back on drugs to which she walked off, determined to have Lucas back. She sleeps with Lucas again and the next day arranges to meet him in the allotments. They meet in Charlie Slater's shed but as she tries to seduce him he pushes her away and her throat is impaled on a rake. Lucas leaves the shed as she lies bleeding to death. She attempts to phone Denise but dies before the call connects. When Lucas goes in to check on her, he sees she is dead and hears Denise on the phone. He ends the call and assembles evidence around Trina to make it look like she died in an accident whilst taking drugs.
Her body is discovered on 14 September by Jordan and his friend Abi Branning, with Lucas watching from a distance. Trina's death is pronounced as an accident by the police on 29 September 2009.
In October 2011, Duncan Brewster received a special mention at the Screen Nation Awards for her portrayal of Trina, which celebrate the best British Black talent.
Manda Best.
Amanda "Manda" Best, played by Josie Lawrence, is an old friend (and ex-girlfriend) of character Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden). She was first seen on screen on 6 March 2009. Lawrence appeared in nearly 50 episodes as Manda between 2009 and 2010. It was announced in November 2009 that Lawrence had quit "EastEnders" and she made her final appearance on 12 February 2010 when she left Walford. Manda storyline's most revolved around her school friends and history like meeting Phil once again after there brief relationship in their teens and meeting Minty Peterson (Cliff Parisi) who she went on to have a relationship. In June 2009 Manda's family was extended and introduced her disabled son, Adam Best (David Proud) who sufferes from spina bifida. Adam took an instant dislike to Minty which caused friction between Manda and Minty. She told Minty in the end that she didn't love him anymore and still loved Phil which led to her leaving Walford. Manda is described as "loving, strange (in a good way) and creative". She runs a pottery class in Walford community centre. Lawrence described Manda as spiritual and said she does a lot of hugging. She is also described as loving and independent, but secretly yearns to meet 'Mr Right'. Lawrence also said that Manda's big glasses were her favourite things about the character.
Tommy Clifford.
Tommy Clifford, played by Edward Woodward, is a man who is interested in Patrick Trueman. He is a neighbour of researcher Theo Kelly, who has already met Chelsea Fox and confirmed that she lives with Patrick. Together they want to meet with Patrick and ask him about the 1958 Notting Hill race riots. He makes friends with Patrick, claiming to be an author writing about the riots.
However, it is revealed that Tommy is not an author and he was racist back then. He sincerely apologises and cries when Patrick realises Tommy is the person who started a fire that killed Patrick's fiancée, Ruth. He then goes on to reveal that the reason he is confessing now is because he is dying from kidney failure and does not have long left to live.
Patrick refuses to forgive Tommy, but Libby Fox says that Tommy deserves a chance to explain himself and that Patrick should visit him. He tells her to mind her own business but she later visits Tommy only to find he has been admitted to hospital. Patrick goes with Denise Wicks to visit Tommy in hospital, where Tommy begs for forgiveness, but when he mentions Ruth, Patrick storms out. Denise tells Patrick that the nurse said Tommy will most likely not make it through the night, so decides to go back in and forgive Tommy, who dies with Patrick by his side on 23 April 2009.
Ryan Malloy.
Ryan Malloy, played by Neil McDermott, was introduced to the show as a mystery character, who was credited simply as "Man" to keep his identity hidden but was revealed to be the half brother of established character Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty). He has a dark past and Santer called him "intriguing and complex". Ryan's first on-screen appearance was on 28 April 2009. He has been involved in a love triangle with his wife, Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks) and Stacey Branning (Lacey Turner), the mother of his daughter, Lily Branning.
Al Jenkins.
Al Jenkins, played by Adam Croasdell, is introduced as the new general practitioner, arriving on 1 May 2009. Al is described as "a big kid a free spirit", and Croasdell called him "outdoorsy, a good doctor and generally nice — but not too nice." Croasdell quit the role in 2010 to embark on a charity visit to Malawi, and Al's last appearance was on 4 February 2010. His storylines involved romances with Roxy Mitchell (Rita Simons) and Chelsea Fox (Tiana Benjamin).
Amira Masood.
Amira Shah, played by Preeya Kalidas, is the girlfriend, and later wife, of Syed Masood (Marc Elliott), she first appeared on screen in the episode broadcast on 7 May 2009. The character was described as high maintenance, lonely and insecure. Amira and Syed's wedding on 1 January 2010 was watched by an average of 11.64 million viewers. Kalidas quit the show in January 2010 to concentrate on a career in music, filming her final scenes in March 2010. Her final episode was broadcast on 26 April 2010, after Amira discovered that her husband was gay and had been having an affair with Christian Clarke (John Partridge). Amira returned in October 2011, with her one-year-old daughter Yasmin Masood in tow. She left "EastEnders" again in early 2012.
Noah Chambers.
Noah Chambers, played by Micah Thomas, is the deaf son of Syd Chambers. He first appears on 19 May 2009 when Syd introduces him to her boyfriend Bradley Branning in a bid to stop him leaving for Edinburgh, as he thinks she has been unfaithful. Syd is offered a job in Toronto, Canada, and Noah responds by running away. Bradley and Syd find him at the arcade, playing car games. Syd, Noah and Bradley leave for Toronto on 9 October 2009, but return to Walford to see Bradley's mother Rachel who is in hospital after being involved in a car crash. Noah and Syd return permanently to Toronto on 11 December without Bradley as he wants to remain in Walford with his ex-wife Stacey Slater, leaving both Noah and Syd heartbroken.
Viv Bates.
Viv Bates, played by Dido Miles, first appears on 25 May 2009 when she buys a newspaper and smiles at Billy Mitchell. Billy meets her again in the café and knocks into her, spilling her tea over her, and he buys her another. She appears later on in The Queen Victoria public house where she buys Billy a drink and comes onto him flirtatiously. Billy walks away, and she follows him, revealing her identity as the wife of Terry Bates, the man who murdered Jase Dyer. She threatens that if Billy testifies against Terry, she'll hurt Jase's son Jay Brown, who Billy is legal guardian of.
After Terry is found guilty of murder on 29 May 2009, Viv visits him in his holding cell, saying she will no longer take orders from him. She removes her wedding ring and throws it at him. Terry threatens her, but she absconds, leaving him incarcerated for life.
Bushra Abbasi.
Bushra Abbasi, played by Pooja Ghai, is an old friend of Zainab Masood's (Nina Wadia). She and Zainab attempt to set Zainab's son Syed (Marc Elliott) up with one of Bushra's three daughters. When this fails, they decide to set him up with her fourth daughter Parveen (Farzana Dua Elahe). She requests the services of the Masoods' business, Masala Queen, including for a party on 19 June 2009, where she is impressed with Amira Shah's (Preeya Kalidas) singing and books them for further events in July.
She is impressed with caterer Christian Clarke (John Partridge) and asks if his wife will be joining them at the party. She later tells her friend that she cannot believe Christian is single. When Christian said he just has not found the right man yet, Bushra is disgusted, says "your poor mother", and walks off. She later sees Zainab and her family at mosque and helps Zainab home after she suffers a dizzy spell.
In December 2009, she attends Syed and Amira's Mehndi celebration, and in April 2010, she attends their flat-warming party, where it is revealed that Syed is gay. In May, she and her husband Nadim (Kriss Dosanjh) visit Zainab and Masood, and Bushra tells Zainab she must show that she will never approve of Syed in order to be accepted by the community. She attends a meal at the Masoods' in July. In November, Zainab invites her to visit when she wants to find out some information about Afia Khan (Meryl Fernandes) and her family. In January 2011, she visits the Masoods when they are opening their new restaurant, bringing Zulekha to interview as a waitress. She returns in October 2011, where she finds out Syed and Christian are now living next door to Zainab as a gay couple. She insults the pair and Zainab slaps Bushra, saying she is the sick one and she never wants to see her again.
Bushra returned on 20 February 2014 to visit the Masoods.
Zulekha Abbasi.
Zulekha Abbasi, played by Lisa Shah, is one of Bushra's three "beautiful" daughters that Zainab Masood tries to set up her son Syed on a date with on 26 May 2009. She appears alongside her two sisters who are unnamed and uncredited.
She returns on 29 December 2009 before Syed's wedding to Amira Shah, for their Mehndi where she shows an interest in Syed's younger brother Tamwar, writing a mobile number on his palm. Tamwar arranges a date but is surprised when Zulekha's friend Afia Khan turns up as Zulekha gave him Afia's number instead. On 13 January 2011, Zulekha turns up in Walford as a potential waitress for the Argee Bhajee restaurant that Zainab and Masood bought for Tamwar, but Tamwar realises that all the waitresses are actually potential wives.
She appears again on 1 April 2011 when Masood gets an eye test where she works. She tells Masood that Afia could get any man she wanted. This leads Masood to believe that Afia has lied that she has not been with anybody before Tamwar, and to Afia and Tamwar marrying in secret. Zulekha attends Afia and Tamwar's mangni (engagement party) and apologises to Afia.
She visits Afia and Tamwar again on 1 June 2012 and asks them if they will host a speed dating event at their restaurant. Tamwar refuses initially but Afia agrees to host the event. Zulekha attends the event on 6 June, and tells Afia about her travels abroad.
Parveen Abbasi.
Parveen Abbasi, played by Farzana Dua Elahe, is Bushra's fourth daughter. She appears on 28 May 2009 when Zainab Masood tries to fix her son Syed on a date with her. She later dumps curry all over him during lunch, but after catching Zainab and Syed's father Masood, she and Syed pretend they are getting on and want to live together and get married. They realise that Syed's parents have set up a hidden camera to spy on them, and eventually expose it, ending the pretence. She also mentions that she has a photographic memory. Her last appearance is on 11 June 2009.
In December 2009, it is revealed by Bushra that Parveen has gone to Washington D.C. to study for a PhD. In November 2010, it is revealed that Parveen is engaged to be married.
James Mackie.
James Mackie, played by Paul Keating, is a childhood friend of Christian Clarke's who visits for Christian's birthday on 15 June 2009. James, like Christian, is gay, but they both assert that they are just friends. After going out clubbing, Christian makes advances towards James, but he says he is in a relationship, and Christian asks him to leave. In September, he turns up at Christian's flat saying his partner broke up with him and Christian lets him spend the night. Christian's friend Amira Shah says James and Christian would make a good couple. James confides in Amira's fiancee Syed Masood that he has always been a little bit in love with Christian, but Syed, with whom Christian is having an affair, tells James that Christian doesn't want a relationship. James packs his bags to leave, but after breaking up with Syed, Christian kisses James and asks him to stay. James later thanks Syed for bringing him and Christian together. Christian breaks up with James after kissing Syed again. James is heartbroken and confides in Syed. He moves out of Christian's flat on 29 September 2009.
Imam Ali.
Imam Ali, played by Emilio Doorgasingh, is the imam at the Masoods' mosque. In July 2009 he speaks to Syed Masood (Marc Elliott) and Amira Shah (Preeya Kalidas) about their wedding. In September, Syed confides in him that he has feelings for another man, Christian Clarke (John Partridge). He performs Syed and Amira's wedding ceremony on 1 January 2010. In April 2010, Syed's father Masood Ahmed (Nitin Ganatra) talks to him about Syed's sexuality. Ali tells Masood the family will be shunned by the community if it comes out. In May 2010 he overhears Nadim Abbasi (Kriss Dosanjh) tell Syed he should find another mosque so he tells Masood and his wife Zainab Masood (Nina Wadia) that Syed will always be welcome at his mosque. In May 2011, Zainab contacts him and they meet, and she talks about a "friend" who feels her husband has changed. Ali knows she means herself and says that she and Masood have been married for 28 years so it will not always feel the same. In 2013, there is a new imam, also called Ali. 
Joel Reynolds.
Joel C. Reynolds, played by Cavan Clerkin, is the first love of character Ronnie Mitchell (Samantha Womack), having fathered her daughter, Danielle Jones (Lauren Crace), when they were both 14 years old. Danielle was killed off in the show in April 2009. Joel has been mentioned several times since Ronnie joined the show in 2007, most notably when she attends a school reunion hoping he will be there, and then goes to his house to talk, but one of his daughters answers the door, so she leaves. Ronnie also writes him a letter to tell him their daughter died 13 years previously, although this was a lie told by her father Archie Mitchell (Larry Lamb), and Joel writes back, but Archie destroys the letter before Ronnie can read it.
"EastEnders" executive producer Diederick Santer said on Clerkin's casting: "is a delightful and subtle actor with a big funny bone. He's grabbed this enigmatic and rather odd character and made it his own." Clerkin said of Joel: "[He is a nice guy who fantasises about a future with an amazingly beautiful woman, so that's something a lot of men may relate to!"
Storylines.
Joel's introduction to the show begins when Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks) phones him after stealing Ronnie's address book. She invites him to The Queen Victoria public house and is served by Ronnie. Ronnie sees and recognises Joel when he turns around, and drops their drinks in shock. Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) sends both Joel and Janine out of the pub. Joel's car breaks down and while Ronnie offers to fix it for him, they both talk about the memories of their past and he is reacquainted by Archie who fixes his car. Before he leaves, Joel gives his business card to Ronnie. He and Ronnie later meet up and, although Ronnie discovers a picture of his wife and children, they have sex. Archie warns Joel off the next day and gives him money to stay away from Ronnie. Ronnie goes to his office to ask why he has stopped speaking to her and discovers what Archie did. She tells him to meet her in The Queen Victoria, but Stephanie turns up with their daughters instead to warn Ronnie off him. Ronnie visits Joel's house and forces him to choose between her and his wife. Joel chooses Ronnie and stays with her at The Queen Victoria. Their happiness is then ruined by Ronnie's sister, Roxy (Rita Simons), who reveals that their daughter died four months ago, rather than years ago as he believed. Roxy urges Joel to ask Ronnie about Danielle. He comforts Ronnie, telling her he wishes he could have been there for her. Ronnie tells people she and Joel are trying for a baby, though Joel is unaware that she is trying to get pregnant. When she thinks she is pregnant, he shocks her by telling her he had a vasectomy. Ronnie says he lied to her, but he says he could not find the time to tell her. She admits she is only with him to get pregnant and throws him out. He tells Ronnie that she is "dead inside" and walks away with Ronnie's locket, which she had thrown out of her bedroom window. 
Stephanie Reynolds.
Stephanie Reynolds, played by Claire Lubert, is the wife of Joel Reynolds. She first appears on 10 August 2009 when she picks Joel up in her car outside The Queen Victoria public house. A week later, she turns up at Joel's office when he is talking to his childwood sweetheart, Ronnie Mitchell. She then goes to The Queen Victoria with her three daughters, Annabelle, Hannah and Molly, saying she recognised Ronnie from a photo that Joel had. She warns Ronnie off Joel, saying they will keep the money Ronnie's father Archie paid him to stay away. Ronnie visits Joel's house and forces him to choose between her and his wife. Joel chooses Ronnie and leaves that night. Her last appearance is on 18 August 2009.
Hannah Reynolds.
Hannah Reynolds, played by Eloise Barnes, is the daughter of Joel Reynolds and his wife, Stephanie, and half-sister of Danielle Jones. She first appears on 17 August 2009 when Stephanie takes her and her sisters, Annabelle and Molly, to The Queen Victoria public house in Walford to warn Ronnie Mitchell to stay away from Joel. Joel eventually leaves Stephanie for Ronnie and moves into the pub. On 11 September 2009, Hannah is seen when she goes for a picnic with her father in the park and on Joel's birthday on 29 September when it is revealed that it is Hannah's 10th birthday as well. Hannah dislikes Ronnie, saying she stole her father from her, and Ronnie tells Hannah about Danielle, becoming increasingly upset as she does so, which scares Hannah. She isn't seen after that, presumably as Joel returns to his family in October 2009 after rejecting Ronnie.
Orlenda.
Orlenda, played by Mary Tamm, is a Russian woman who Charlie Slater meets at the airport in Madeira after splitting up with Brenda Boyle. She comes back to Walford with Charlie on 31 August 2009 but is accused by Mo Harris of being an illegal immigrant. She photographs Orlenda with another man and shows it to Charlie, who confronts her. She admits that she is a scammer but feels that Charlie is too nice for her to go through with it. She returns the money Charlie gave her and leaves Walford on 4 September 2009 along with the man she was seen with.
After her departure, Tamm told entertainment website Digital Spy: "I absolutely loved in "EastEnders". It's the Russian background got me the role. My mother, despite spending most of her life in Estonia, was actually Russian. The director I worked with on "EastEnders" directed me on "Brookside" and he'd remembered this Russian background so that's why he cast me – because they love to have authenticity where possible. It was great to do and they were all lovely – very friendly and welcoming. It was a very happy experience and I absolutely loved it. Hopefully they'll ask me back, which would be nice."
Adam Best.
Adam Best, played by David Proud, is the son of Manda Best (Josie Lawrence). Proud is the first adult actor with a visible disability to appear regularly in the soap. Both Proud and his character live with spina bifida and are wheelchair users, and Adam was introduced to the show as part of a series of measures by the BBC to raise the profile of disabled actors. The character has been described as "self-obsessed" and "snobbish". He makes his first appearance in the episode broadcast on 10 September 2009, with his early storylines revolving around his dislike of his mother's boyfriend, Minty Peterson (Cliff Parisi) and his friendship with Libby Fox (Belinda Owusu). The character was axed by Bryan Kirkwood and made his final appearance on 19 July 2010.
George Trott.
George Michael Trott, played by Joshua Jacobs, is the son of Heather Trott (Cheryl Fergison) and Darren Miller (Charlie G. Hawkins), named after his mother's favourite singer, George Michael. He is born in the show, in the episode broadcast on 20 October 2009, though it was actually set three days later. Heather discovers she is pregnant in May 2009, which comes as a shock to her as she is 41 years old. She decides to keep the identity of the father a close secret, however, the possible fathers are Darren, Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden), Minty Peterson (Cliff Parisi) and Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick). George left the series when he returned to Darren after Heather's death.
After George is born, Darren gets used to having a son and continues to provide for him. In July 2010, Heather makes plans to have George christened. He is christened in September 2010; his godparents are Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker), Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) and Minty Peterson. In February 2011, Heather leaves George alone one day and later suffers financial problems and suffers carbon monoxide poisoning from her faulty boiler. She is unable to look after George and leaves him with Darren as she feels he is better off there. Darren's fiancée Jodie Gold (Kylie Babbington) soon gives Darren an ultimatum, and when Darren struggles with George on his own, he returns George to Heather.When Darren announces he is moving away from Walford, he asks Heather to take good care of George, and gives her some money. The money enables Heather and George to move into their own flat. At one point, George is at nursery when he is hurt by Amy Mitchell after she scratches him. When Heather's new partner Andrew Cotton (Ricky Grover) moves into their flat, he looks after George. After Heather is murdered by Ben Mitchell, George is taken into emergency foster care. George is then returned to Shirley as she is his godmother, while social services attempt to track down Darren. Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) tries to locate Darren himself and eventually manages to get in contact with him. George is then collected by social services and taken to Darren.
Creation and development.
Cheryl Fergison, who plays Heather, revealed to entertainment website Digital Spy how the crew attempted to make Heather's waters breaking appear realistic: "We had several ideas about balloons and gloves filled with water. In the end, I had this balloon between my legs and burst it with my nutcracker thighs. You just see this huge gush! I have to admit, I don't remember a gush myself, but in true "EastEnders" style, we have a water display! It's all a bit of a shocker and everyone starts panicking." Heather then decides to tell the father about the baby. Fergison commented, "This is where I think the writing's been really clever. When you watch it, you'll see what I mean. They have the suspects — Minty, Phil, Darren and Billy — and all their phones ring. Heather leaves a voicemail on the daddy's phone to let them know that they've become a dad. There are several cuts to all the various suspects and you see each of them flying to the hospital..." The father was revealed to be Darren, played by Charlie G. Hawkins.
Before the father was revealed on screen, Hawkins gave an interview in which he talked about what would happen if Darren was the father: "It would change everything. Darren would worry that girlfriend Libby (Belinda Owusu) wouldn't marry him — and what about Libby's parents Denise (Diane Parish) and Owen (Lee Ross)? I think he'd be alright as a dad, but he wouldn't want the burden. It'd rock the boat if it was Darren." Darren was revealed to be the father of George in the episode broadcast on 23 October 2009. Fergison told Digital Spy, "Darren will be a good dad but he'll be very businesslike about it. He'll say that he doesn't really want to have anything to do with George but will pay his way for him. You'll see him change, though, and you'll start to see him getting attached. friend Shirley (Linda Henry) doesn't want Darren to go anywhere near George, though! It'll be interesting to see how they write it from here for Darren, especially with the Libby angle."
Kim Fox.
Kim Fox, played by Tameka Empson, is the half-sister of Denise Johnson (Diane Parish), and aunt to Chelsea Fox (Tiana Benjamin) and Libby Fox (Belinda Owusu). She is initially a guest character, appearing alongside her boyfriend Dexter Mulholland (Robbie Gee) between 24 and 27 November 2009. The character caught the eye of the new executive producer, Bryan Kirkwood, and Kim was subsequently brought back as a regular character in 2010. Kim is described as viscous and bubbly on the outside, but hiding vulnerability and low self-esteem.
Dexter Mulholland.
Dexter Mulholland, played by Robbie Gee, is the boyfriend of Kim Fox (Tameka Empson). They appear together between 24 and 27 November 2009 for Kim's sister Denise's (Diane Parish) wedding to Lucas Johnson (Don Gilet). Upon his arrival, Dexter instantly sets his eyes on Kim's niece Chelsea. At the wedding reception Dexter flirts with her but she turns him down and threatens to tell Kim about his advances. At this point he instantly feels threatened and backs off. Following the reception, Dexter and Kim stay overnight to see Denise and Lucas leaving for their honeymoon the next day. Chelsea tells Denise about Dexter's behaviour towards her and Denise tells Kim about this. Even though Kim already knows the way Dexter behaves to other women, she still loves him. After a family dinner and seeing Denise and Lucas off, Dexter and Kim return home. Several months later, Kim returns to Albert Square and reveals she has separated from Dexter.
In December 2009, executive producer Diederick Santer was asked by entertainment website Digital Spy if there were plans for Kim and Dexter to return. He said, "There's nothing currently storylined for Kim and Dexter, but they really caught my eye. I know they've caught executive producer ] eye, too, because we were only talking about them recently. They work brilliantly with the rest of the family. I hope that if the actors are up for it and if me or Bryan find the right moment, we'll see them again."
Becca Swanson.
Becca Swanson, played by Simone James, is a friend of Stacey Slater's (Lacey Turner) who Stacey meets when she is staying in a psychiatric hospital. When Stacey's mother Jean (Gillian Wright) visits Stacey in hospital on 7 December 2009, Stacey is more interested in Becca. When Jean asks Stacey to come home for one day, Becca tries to convince her not to go. The next day, Stacey's boyfriend Bradley Branning (Charlie Clements) and Jean come to collect Stacey, and Becca and Stacey say an emotional goodbye. Stacey visits her on 19 January 2010 and Becca reveals she is coming out of hospital soon but will be living near Brent Cross meaning it will be difficult for Stacey and Becca to see each other, as they want to stay in touch. Stacey later texts her, inviting her to stay in Albert Square.
When she arrives, she wants to meet everyone that Stacey has told her about, including Max Branning (Jake Wood), Bradley's father who Stacey once had an affair with when she was previously married to Bradley. Later, Becca wants to take Stacey out but Bradley does not think she should be going out as she is pregnant. Becca asks Bradley if she is welcome there but he does not answer. In the pub, Becca tells Stacey the doctors thought it was too soon for her to come out and wonders if she should go back. She asks Stacey to call her a taxi. The next day, Stacey will not eat anything, so Bradley brings Becca back to stay and Stacey cheers up. Bradley allows Becca to sleep upstairs in his bed as she is paranoid about Archie Mitchell's (Larry Lamb) murderer living on the Square. Becca tells Bradley that Stacey has told her about Archie, but Stacey assures Bradley that Becca does not know that Archie raped Stacey and that Bradley punched him on Christmas Day. Later, Stacey tells Becca not to say anything about Christmas or Stacey's baby. However, when Stacey auditions for a barmaid job, she goes to drink a cocktail and Becca reveals to everyone that Stacey is pregnant. The next day, Becca and Stacey look for jobs. Becca suggests opening a stall on the market, but Stacey says the market inspector, Mr. Lister (Nick Wilton), hates her. They ask Mr. Lister for a chance but he says no. Becca comes up with a plan, steals a suit from the laundrette and dresses up as a businesswoman. She puts on a posh accent and pretends to be from Walford Council, telling Mr. Lister that Stacey has lodged a complaint against him and making legal threats, using the name Amanda Swanson. Becca returns the suit and as Stacey and Becca work on their new stall, Mr. Lister tells Becca that her "sister" can stuff her human rights.
Becca starts to think that Stacey does not want her around and thinks that Bradley and Stacey are planning something, but Stacey insists it is not about her. She steals Ronnie Mitchell's (Samantha Womack) hairbrush from The Queen Victoria and tells Stacey that she can take a DNA test to prove the baby is Archie's. Becca is upset when she is not invited to Bradley and Stacey's wedding and thinks that Bradley hates her. Bradley makes things worse when, after Becca says that he cannot take her best friend away from her, he tells Becca that they are planning to move. Becca tries to sneak the hairbrush back into Ronnie's room but Ronnie catches her and Becca tells her that Archie raped Stacey, leading to Stacey's discovery that Archie was infertile. Becca then calls the police about Bradley. Bradley and Stacey flee, but police chase him to a rooftop. Becca watches as Bradley falls from the roof of The Queen Victoria to his death. After visiting him in the chapel of rest, Stacey runs away and Becca and Jean try all they can to find her. Becca gets an address from Max of a flat they used during their affair, but after failing to find her, she decides to places an advertisement for Bradley's funeral service in the "Walford Gazette" in the hope that Stacey will see it and come to the funeral. On the day of the funeral, Jean prepares a dress for Stacey, but Becca wears it, which leaves Jean furious, and she says Stacey and Bradley were happy until Becca arrived. Stacey fails to turn up at the funeral. Becca comforts Max after the funeral, he is unable to resist her attempt to seduce him, so they kiss.
The next day Max tells her it was a mistake but she attempts to seduce him by stealing his daughter Abi's (Lorna Fitzgerald) keys and laying naked on his kitchen table covered in cream and fruit. He tells her to get dressed and get out. However, after Max and the Slaters visit the body of a girl found in a river believed to be Stacey, Becca and Max have sex. Becca gets a phone call and leaves in a hurry, so a suspicious Max follows her to a flat where Stacey is staying. Max convinces Stacey to return home, and she and Becca decide to bring up the baby together after she tells Becca that Archie is not the father.
Refusing to allow Stacey to work on the stall due to her pregnancy, Becca comes up with a plan to make more profit. She asks Mo Harris (Laila Morse) to buy Whitney Dean's (Shona McGarty) stock of t-shirts that Fatboy (Ricky Norwood) has promised to sell for her, then sells them on her own stall. She then tells Fatboy she had no idea the t-shirts came from Whitney and flirts with him. They eat chips together and when Fatboy says he has ideas for t-shirt designs for Whitney's stall, Becca asks to see them. He gives her a design so she has several t-shirts printed up, but fails to sell them and is humiliated when she realises that the design reads "chav" in the mirror.
Following the birth of Stacey's child, Lily, Becca grows increasingly paranoid of people trying to interfere with Stacey's life, leading her to accost Ryan Malloy (Neil McDermott) when he shows up at the Slater house with a bouquet for Stacey. Becca is further devastated when Stacey throws her out of her room, as she thinks it is too crowded for Stacey, Lily and Becca at the same time. Becca starts to manipulate Stacey by deleting a message from Max about the scattering of Bradley's ashes, and then telling her that having his ashes is spooky, causing her to not want to go. She convinces Stacey to stop taking her medication and lies about Jean in order to cause a rift between mother and daughter. When Jean confronts Becca, she says if it was not for her, Stacey would be with a murderer, revealing that she was the person who called the police about Bradley. She tells Jean that if Stacey finds out, it will make her condition worse. Jean tells Stacey and Becca denies it, but Stacey says Jean has never lied to her, so Becca admits the truth saying Bradley was a killer. Stacey hits Becca so she picks up the urn containing Bradley's ashes and throws it at the wall. Becca then leaves after Jean tells her to do so.
Qadim Shah.
Qadim Shah, played by Ramon Tikaram, is the father of Amira Shah (Preeya Kalidas). He appears in five episodes between 17 December 2009 and 1 January 2010, and again in April 2010. He appears again from 6 September 2011, when Amira returns to Walford. Qadim later leaves on 31 October 2011. Qadim returned for another episode on 6 January 2012.
Qadim is introduced when Amira visits him in prison. They hug and he says he wants to make up for lost time. She tells him she and her boyfriend Syed Masood (Marc Elliott) are back together and are now engaged. Qadim is instantly furious and refuses to give them his blessing. Amira later takes money for the wedding from his safety deposit box without him knowing, using a key she has hidden inside a photo album.
On the day of Amira and Syed's Mehndi celebration, Amira receives a call saying Qadim's lawyer has found a loophole in the law meaning that Qadim can be released. After his release, he interrupts the Mehndi. The next day, Syed's mother Zainab (Nina Wadia) is angry at his actions and Amira is forced to reveal that Qadim has not given his blessing and that she stole the money. Qadim arrives at the Masoods' home and says that Syed does not love Amira and will break her heart. Syed tells him they took his money but Amira interrupts and says it was her idea. Qadim orders her to pack her bags but she defies him and Syed says they will pay back the money. Qadim says angrily says he expects the money the next day in cash and leaves. He returns on the day of the wedding and talks to Amira. When he realises how much Masood has done for her, he gives his blessing and agrees to pay for the wedding.
Qadim returns as a guest at Syed and Amira's house warming party on 23 April, where Syed reveals that he is gay and has been seeing Christian Clarke (John Partridge). Qadim attacks Syed, saying he warned Amira not to marry him. After Amira packs her bags, Qadim takes her home with him. He returns days later with two associates, looking for Syed. Masood tells them he has been unable to contact him. They then break into Christian's flat and wait for him. When he arrives, Qadim demands to know where Syed is and refuses to believe him when he says he does not know. They then beat him up and leave.
In 2011, Syed and Christian decide to find Amira so Syed can get a divorce. They feel the only way to do so is to find Qadim first, but Zainab forbids it as he wanted to kill them both. Zainab's ex-husband and father of her daughter-in-law, Yusef Khan (Ace Bhatti), tells Zainab it may be a good idea to find Amira anyway. He then visits Qadim and says that if Syed can believe he is getting his way, then Yusef will be able to avenge Qadim's humiliation. It is revealed that Qadim has been keeping Amira prisoner in her own home. Amira secretly meets up with Syed, and introduces hers and Syed's daughter, Yasmin to the Masood family. When Yusef phones Qadim and tells him that Amira is at the Masood's house, he storms round there and demands that Amira and Yasmin return with him. Amira refuses, and Qadim leaves stating that Amira is no longer his daughter. The next day he sends round all of Amira and Yasmin's belongings to the Masood house. Qadim returns to Walford in the New Year after Syed phones him in order to convince Amira to divorce him. After Amira finally agrees to a divorce, Qadim tries to force her to return home, although Masood tells her she is welcome to remain in Walford. Qadim is livid when Amira turns her back on him and he leaves Walford.
Development.
On being cast in the show, Tikaram said: "It's great to be joining a programme that represents a Muslim family in a positive light. It's also fantastic to be working with old friends including Nitin Ganatra (Masood Ahmed) and Preeya Kalidas." Qadim is described as an "intelligent and dynamic man" who "oozes charm and sex appeal", and it is said that the death of his wife left him a "bitter, controlling tyrant". "Inside Soap" described him as 'wicked' and 'violent', and said "Qadim would be a face Syed would rather forget".
Ganatra told entertainment website Digital Spy that he felt Qadim's attack on Christian was not homophobic, but that of a father venting his anger. Following the episode's broadcast, the BBC received around 40 complaints from viewers who felt the scenes were inappropriate for children and further complaints that the scenes may encourage anti-gay assaults. The BBC said they were careful to ensure their shows were "appropriate for their time slots".
Afia Masood.
Afia Masood (née Khan), played by Meryl Fernandes, appeared in five episodes between 29 December 2009 and 5 January 2010, and returned on 18 November 2010. This is Fernandes's second role in "EastEnders", her first being a schoolgirl in 1993. The "EastEnders" website describes Afia as "adventurous and straight to the point, doesn't sugar-coat the truth, and doesn't follow everyone else. [...] She knows what she wants and cunningly knows how to get it". When Tamwar and Afia resume their relationship in 2010, Patel said that Tamwar is grateful for his second chance with Afia. He revealed that he was "very happy" when the producers revealed they were bringing Fernandes back saying "We filmed together for about three or four weeks when she first came into the show, which was about this time 2009. [...] I was always asking people if she was going to come back. Then she dropped me a text to say that they'd got in touch with her and were bringing her back, which was fantastic." Tamwar and Afia's wedding was voted best wedding at the "Inside Soap" awards 2011. Afia has been described by "TV Pixie" as "slightly erratic" and "aloof". When Afia and Tamwar married, the website said that the Afia and Tamwar storyline had "ran out of steam" after leaving for their honeymoon. "The Mirror" states that Afia and Tamwar's wedding is "the kind of sensationally explosive event we have come to expect in Soapland."

</doc>
<doc id="20868144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868144" title="TRT Türk">
TRT Türk

TRT Türk is the International TV channel of the Turkish Radio and Television Corporation broadcast in other countries.
TRT Türk’s task was enhance the understanding of the possibilities Turkey and Turkic Republics may possess or take advantage of in various fields through the programs aiming at the Caucasus and Central Asia. The task is also promoting the image of Turkish people in a multi-dimensional way. TRT Türk has been intended to become the Turkic World’s common channel. Within this framework, The Channel was planning to schedule programs produced by other Turkic Republics along with joint-productions.
TRT Türk was broadcasting comprise education, culture, drama, entertainment, music programs and news with commercial breaks. If required, commercials in the indigenous languages of the countries were allowed within the scope of transmission.
TRT Türk was broadcasting medium is modern Turkish spoken in Turkey. Programs could be broadcast with the addition of subtitles in foreign languages or different dialects of Turkish. Besides, various types of programs were listed systematically were being planned to be broadcast as reduplicated through the multi-language dubbing technique within the framework of DVB-S standards.
On the March 21, 2009 TRT Avaz replaced TRT Türk for Turkic countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20868145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868145" title="Board of War">
Board of War

The Board of War was created by the Second Continental Congress as a special standing committee to oversee the American Continental Army's administration and to make recommendations regarding the army to Congress. On January 24, 1776, Congressional delegate Edward Rutledge, echoing Gen. George Washington's own concerns, suggested that a war office similar to Britain's be established. Pressure from Washington and the large volume of military business led Congress to establish the Board of War and Ordnance on June 12, 1776. Five delegates of Congress, initially John Adams, Roger Sherman, Benjamin Harrison, James Wilson, and Edward Rutledge, assisted by a permanent secretary, Richard Peters, composed the Board of War. They assumed the prescribed responsibilities for compiling a master roster of all Continental Army officers; monitoring returns of all troops, arms, and equipment; maintaining correspondence files; and securing prisoners of war. The Board of War began functioning on June 21, 1776.
Organization of the Board of War underwent several significant changes after its inception. The original board could not keep pace with the volume of work, and in early April 1777 it recommended its own replacement by a permanent administrative body. On October 17, 1777, Congress approved a plan that called for a Board of War consisting of three permanent members—men who were not members of Congress—plus a clerical staff. Congress also expanded the board's duties. In addition to the administrative functions of its predecessor, the new board's responsibilities included supervising recruitment and producing weapons. It was to act as Congress' sole official intermediary in dealing with the Army and the states on military affairs. On November 7, 1777, Quartermaster General Thomas Mifflin, Adjutant General Timothy Pickering, and Robert Hanson Harrison, Washington's military secretary, were elected as members, although Harrison promptly declined. Mifflin persuaded Congress to expand the board to five members, which it did on November 24, and recommended Richard Peters (the permanent secretary of the old board) and Maj. Gen. Horatio Gates for the new vacancies. Congress appointed both men and named former Commissary General Joseph Trumbull to replace Harrison. At Mifflin's suggestion, Gates was named president of the board.
Various modifications to the structure and duties of the Board of War continued to be made throughout the war. For example, on October 29, 1778, Congress again modified the membership of the Board to now include two members of Congress and three permanent commissioners, and the Departments of the Quartermaster General and Commissaries General of Purchases and Issues were placed under the direction of the board on November 25, 1779. 

</doc>
<doc id="20868175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868175" title="Kimberley, Norfolk">
Kimberley, Norfolk

Kimberley is a village in Norfolk, in England. It is within the civil parish of Kimberley and Carleton Forehoe in South Norfolk, situated about north-west of Wymondham, around the crossroads of the B1108 and B1135.
Kimberley is served by rail, as the Kimberley Park railway station is on the Mid-Norfolk Railway which goes between Dereham and Wymondham.
The river Tiffey flows through the village.
Kimberley is home to Kimberley Hall, a house whose grounds were designed by Capability Brown.
The Wodehouse family had had owned land in Kimberley since the 1370s, in c. 1400 John Wodehouse built Wodehouse Tower at the site of the later Kimberley Hall. John's son John Wodehouse Esq. distinguished himself in the Battle of Agincourt and was granted large estates by Henry V as a reward.
Earl of Kimberley is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom, created for John Wodehouse, 3rd Baron Wodehouse in 1866. The present holder of the title is John Wodehouse, 5th Earl of Kimberley.

</doc>
<doc id="20868181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868181" title="Suzuki TM">
Suzuki TM

Suzuki TM is a range of Motocross motorcycles manufactured by Suzuki.
The TM ran from 1972 to 1975 and was replaced by the RM A Model in 1976. The RM model then went to an RM B in 1977, RM C in 1978 and RM N in 1979. The RM T came in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20868199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868199" title="2002 Hamburg Masters – Singles">
2002 Hamburg Masters – Singles

Albert Portas was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Björn Phau.
Roger Federer won in the final 6–1, 6–3, 6–4 against Marat Safin. This victory was significant because it was the first masters title of Federer's storied career and the victory launched him into the top ten for the first time.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20868226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868226" title="The Fox with Nine Tails">
The Fox with Nine Tails

The Fox with Nine Tails () is a 1994 South Korean film, and was the feature debut of director Park Heon-su. It was also the film debut of lead actors Ko So-young and Jung Woo-sung, who would later star together in "Beat" (1997) and "Love" (1999).
Plot.
Harah is a kumiho in the guise of a beautiful young woman, who desperately desires to become human. She falls in love with a charming taxi driver, Hyuk, and tries to use him to achieve her goal. But an agent from hell has been sent to track down and destroy her.
Production.
"The Fox with Nine Tails" was the first Korean film to use computer-generated imagery, and it foreshadowed other changes in the Korean film industry by pioneering the fantasy genre and using chaebol funds from the Byuksan Group to cover the budget. The opening scenes of the film depicting hell used approximately 200 extras, with the set costing in the region of ().
Release.
"The Fox with Nine Tails" was released on July 24, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20868248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868248" title="Edwin Godee">
Edwin Godee

Edwin Godee (born 26 September 1964) is a retired Dutch footballer who played for Ajax, FC Utrecht, Willem II, De Graafschap and Heracles Almelo. His son is current player Joey Godee.

</doc>
<doc id="20868249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868249" title="Chongqing Medical University">
Chongqing Medical University

Chongqing Medical University (CQMU; 重庆医科大学), previously referred to as the Chongqing University of Medical Sciences (CQUMS), was established in 1956 in Chongqing, China. It was originally a branch of the Shanghai First Medical College (now named the Shanghai Medical College of Fudan University).
CQMU is a state key university under the administration of the Chongqing Municipal Government with an integrated educational system of baccalaureate, masters, doctoral, and postdoctoral programs in medicine as well as other health-related fields.
It is one of approximately 30 medical universities in China which are approved by the Chinese Ministry of Education to enroll foreign students into the English-medium MBBS (Bachelor of Medicine & Bachelor of Surgery) program. It is recognized by the World Health Organization (WHO) and the ECFMG (Educational Committee for Foreign Medical Graduates) in the United States. 
Organization and Affiliations.
CQMU has five hospitals directly under its administration, which are all rated as “Upper First-class Hospitals” in China. There are more than 6,000 beds in these hospitals. The annual outpatient visits total 5.5 million and the annual inpatient visits 150,000.
In addition, CQMU has five affiliated hospitals indirectly under its administration, 27 teaching and clinical practicing hospitals, 10 colleges, six departments, and a nursing school. Two more affiliated hospitals are currently under construction.
On the research front, CQMU has three state key laboratories under the Ministry of Education, one state key laboratory under the Chongqing Ministry of Science & Technology, one national engineering research center, 18 municipal key laboratories, 11 research institutes, six research centers, and 22 research laboratories.
Academic Programs and Research.
CQMU offers five postdoctoral programs, 26 doctoral programs, 53 masters programs, and 46 specialties for undergraduates. It has four state key disciplines and 43 municipal key disciplines.
CQMU has accomplished several large-scale research projects including some state-level projects supported by the National Key Technology Research and Development Program in the 6th to 9th Five-year Plan for National Economic and Social Development, Key Program of National Natural Science Foundation, National Basic Research Program (known as '973 Program'), and the National Hi-Tech Research and Development Program (known as '863 Program').
The High-intensity Focused Ultrasonic Therapy System (HIFU), which was initiated by CQMU, is the first large-scale medical equipment system with completely independent intellectual property rights in China. It has been put into use in over 30 major hospitals in China and exported to about 10 foreign countries, such as the EU, Russia, Japan, Korea and Singapore.
The university publishes eight academic journals with international distribution.
Since 2008, CQMU has twice won the National Prize for Progress in Science and Technology, once won the National Award for Technological Invention once, and won over 80 municipal awards.
And there are many international students from India, Indonesia, Republic of the Congo, Mauritius, Vietnam, Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20868252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868252" title="Cher's Golden Greats">
Cher's Golden Greats

"Cher's Golden Greats" is the first compilation album by American singer-actress Cher, released on 1968 by Imperial Records and Liberty Records. The album peaked at #195 on the official "Billboard" 200 and was released as part of the contract with the Imperial Records and Liberty Records.
Track listing.
Side A
Side B
Credits.
Personnel
Production

</doc>
<doc id="20868270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868270" title="Donald M. Ashton">
Donald M. Ashton

Donald M. Ashton (26 June 1919 – 25 August 2004) was a renowned Academy Award nominated and BAFTA-winning English art director most noted for his work on such films as "Billy Budd" (1962), "The Bridge on the River Kwai" (1957), "Oh! What a Lovely War" (1969) and "Young Winston" (1972).
Background.
Born Donald Martin Ashton in Edmonton, London, in 1917, Ashton was the son of a wine buyer. He was educated at Boxlane School, Palmers Green. After training as an architect, on the outbreak of the Second World War he joined the R.A.F., serving in the Middle and Far East. During the latter part of the war he was posted to Ceylon, where he served with Lord Louis Mountbatten's unit. He joined the film industry in 1947 at the suggestion of actor and playwright, Emlyn Williams. His first job was working as an uncredited draughtsman for the Boulting brothers on their film "Brighton Rock". The film starred Richard Attenborough, who was to employ Ashton many years later to design two of the films he directed. During the 1950s and 1970s Ashton acquired a reputation as one of the best production designers in the business with such works as "The Bridge on the River Kwai" and "Young Winston". For this, his last film with Attenborough,
Ashton was nominated for an Academy Award in the category for Best Art Direction.
Second career.
In the early 1970s Harry Saltzman, the producer of the James Bond films, was so taken with Ashton's sets that he asked him to redesign the interior of his house. It was the beginning of a new chapter in Ashton's career as a designer of hotels and restaurants, particularly in Asia. His most famous is the magnificent five-star Mandarin Oriental Hotel in Hong Kong, regarded as one of the most elegant hotels in the world. This work resulted in Ashton receiving commissions to design more Mandarin hotels and many of the Sheraton hotels being built around the world. The projects made Ashton a wealthy man, allowing him to purchase homes in Mayfair and Amersham, Buckinghamshire. He lived in Hong Kong for 20 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20868272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868272" title="1974 Fiesta Bowl">
1974 Fiesta Bowl

The 1974 Fiesta Bowl game was the fourth annual game featuring the football teams from Oklahoma State and BYU. It was cloudy with light rain in Tempe.

</doc>
<doc id="20868290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868290" title="1976 Tangerine Bowl">
1976 Tangerine Bowl

The 1976 Tangerine Bowl was held on December 18, 1976 featuring the Brigham Young Cougars and Oklahoma State Cowboys at the Citrus Bowl. BYU represented the Western Athletic Conference in only their second bowl game as a program, and Oklahoma State represented the Big 8 Conference. The game pitted the two schools against each other in the postseason for the second time in 3 years. Oklahoma State's running back Terry Miller broke the Tangerine Bowl records for total net yards run and longest run from scrimmage as well as tying another with 4 touchdowns scored as OSU defeated BYU 49-21. [http://www.mmbolding.com/bowls/Tangerine_1976.htm]
[http://www.byucougars.com/football/releases/Bowl_Games.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="20868316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868316" title="William Vandevert">
William Vandevert

William Plutarch Vandevert (February 24, 1854 – February 26, 1944) was a western adventurer, a cattleman, and a Central Oregon pioneer. After travels in California, Texas, and Arizona, he established a cattle ranch fifteen miles (24 km) south of present-day Bend, Oregon, before the founding of Bend or surrounding Deschutes County. He blazed trails through the Cascade Mountains and was a renowned bear hunter. He sired eight children, including three doctors, and was a leading citizen of Central Oregon for many years.
Early life.
Vandevert was born in Cottage Grove in the Willamette Valley of Oregon to Grace Clark Vandevert, born in England and survivor of the Clark Massacre of 1851 on the Oregon Trail. His father was Jackson Vandevert, partner of Thomas Clark, Grace's brother, in the California goldfields of 1849. Vandevert's ancestor, Michael Pauluzen Van der Voort, was an early settler of Dutch New Amsterdam, now New York City.
When only 15, Bill's uncle, Thomas Clark, persuaded his mother to let Bill help him drive 29 horses to California. Bill broke his shoulder when his horse threw him but continued on the trip. He returned with three horses of his own, a saddle, and $200 in gold.
At age 17, while traveling to the Silver Lake-Summer Lake area of Oregon with a survey crew, Bill first saw the land that would become Vandevert Ranch. It was a meadow on the Little Deschutes River, surrounded by pine forest, with an excellent view of the Cascade Mountains, particularly Mt. Bachelor.
In the 1870s he carried mail from Camp Warner in Oregon to Fort Bidwell in California, riding through the area of the Modoc War as it was in progress. He made the San Francisco newspapers when, on one trip, he killed a much-feared "Silver Lake Grizzly" that the hunters who had cornered it were afraid to approach. Bill got so close to the bear that the powder from his gun singed the bear's hair.
In 1876 Bill took off for Texas where he joined the large cattle-ranching Hash Knife Outfit. On his travels between Oregon and Texas he spent a season herding sheep for the Requa family in the hills above Oakland, California. During that time he met Joaquin Miller, Oakland's then-famous poet, and reported that Miller was the dirtiest man he'd ever met.
Marriage and children.
In 1878, Sadie Vinceheller, well-educated and fluent in French and Spanish, arrived in Fort Griffen, Texas to teach school. Alighting from the stagecoach, she knocked on the door of a nearby house hoping to borrow a lantern to light her way to her arranged lodgings. Bill Vandevert answered the door. The two were married in Jeffersontown, Kentucky, on November 10, 1880.
After the Hash Knife Outfit was acquired by the newly formed Aztec Land & Cattle Company in 1884, the couple moved with the company to Holbrook, Arizona. They endured the decline of the company due to drought and overgrazing before leaving in about 1889. Bill's granddaughter, Grace McNellis writes, "We never knew for sure why they left Arizona except the family suggests Sadie was homesick to see her sister in New York City. The family also believes she was just plain tired of the chaos of the fights amongst the sheep-men and cattlemen and whatever else there in Arizona. (See the Pleasant Valley War.) I understand that she and Grampa would actually go out in the street from their home and drag in the wounded men and doctor them. Didn't matter which side they were on - - just did it! I'm sure Sadie, by then, with five children, needed to get away from that kind of atmosphere. She was raised a rather genteel lady in Kentucky and I'll bet she never dreamed of ending up like that in Arizona. She must have matured rather rapidly after marrying Grampa.
"They actually left Arizona in 1889, or so, because they had Kathryn Grace in New York on May 26, 1890, and they left there in 1891 when Sadie was pregnant with my Dad, Claude. They arrived at Bill's father's ranch in Powell Butte, Oregon, approximately December, 1891, and had my Dad in January 1892. It was always said that they only lived in New York for one year – in Spring Valley, Rockland County."
William and Sadie had eight children:
Mittye – born August 17, 1883 in Fort Worth Texas. Died February 5, 1975 in Bend, Oregon.
Thomas William – born December 26, 1884 in Fort Griffen, Texas. Died February 28, 1969 in Bend, Oregon (known as Bill).
Maude – born February 22, 1886 in Fort Worth, Texas. Died September 30, 1945 in Bend, Oregon.
John Clinton – Born January 13, 1887 in Holbrook, AZ. Died Mar. 14, 1967 in Bend, Oregon (known as Clint. Doctor in Bend.)
George – born December 3, 1888 in Holbrook, AZ. Died November 1972 in Grants Pass, Oregon (Doctor in Bend until 1928 and then in Oakland, California)
Kathryn Grace – born May 26, 1890 in Spring Valley, Rockland County, NY. Died of influenza on November 4, 1918 on Vandevert Ranch near Bend, Oregon.
Claude Chandler – born January 6, 1892 in Powell Butte, Oregon. Died December 5, 1975 in Bend, Oregon.
Arthur – Born November 27, 1894 in Bend, Oregon. Died June 16, 1972 in Sellersburg, Indiana. (known as Bush. Doctor in Kentucky.)
Vandevert Ranch.
While the couple was in New York, Bill's brother Charlie wrote to him to say he'd bought the land on the Little Deschutes River in Oregon that Bill had always admired. Charlie was holding the property to sell to Bill. Bill bought the land for $600 and established the ranch in 1892, building a log homestead, raising his family, and raising cattle. Bill bought from Charlie the eastern of the ranch that had been homesteaded by a man named Scoggins. Vandevert himself homesteaded the western of what came to be known as Vandevert Ranch.[http://www.vandevertranch.org/]
The ranch was at times a post office and a stagecoach stop. Bill's son, Claude says, "... my mother was from Kentucky and a Democrat and she got the post office – we had it right here at home." The post office was established in 1893 and was named after John G. Carlisle, also from Kentucky, who was Grover Cleveland's Secretary of the Treasury. A visitor in 1898 wrote the area had a "real backwoods" appearance but noted the Vandeverts "had sent their daughter to school in the east." This was the oldest daughter, Mittye, who had stayed in the east with relatives. "They had a little store and a blacksmith shop but were stock raisers for the most part."
The first settler to know the surrounding area well, Vandevert added to his income by guiding hunting trips for bear. He once guided the two sons of E.H. Harriman, the famous railroad builder. The family added further to its income by trapping otter, beaver, and mink. Bill was a good sheep shearer and could do a hundred sheep a day at ten cents a head. 
In 1898 and 1899 Bill worked for the Department of the Interior as the first forest ranger in Central Oregon. He would take a pack string into the mountains from Sisters to North Umpqua and send in reports. He would be gone two weeks, rest a week or so, and go back out again. He blazed a great number of trails.
In Holbrook, Arizona, Bill had become acquainted with Alexander M. Drake. When Drake came to build irrigation canals and develop the city of Bend in the early 1900s, Bill helped give him the lay of the land. Bill was an active member of the Bend Commercial Club, the Masons, and the Pioneer Association.
Even in the isolated environment of the ranch, Sadie saw to it that her children were well-educated. Three of them became doctors, including Clint Vandevert, a leading and respected doctor in Bend for many years. Due to problems in the little local school, some of the older children started staying at the Drake's in 1903 and going to school in Bend. Bill helped build a new school in Bend in 1904. In 1929 the one-room Harper School [http://207.36.124.253/harper_school.html] was moved to the ranch and operated there until the 1950s.
A quarrelsome family settled near the ranch and some cattle were stolen. The mother died mysteriously and the father disappeared. After much persuasion, Bill assisted in the search. The father's body was found buried under a smoldering fire. He had been shot in the back of his head and the bullet lodged against his temple. A member of the search party opined that the man had been shot with a .45 pistol. Bill had the only .45 pistol in the area and insisted that the bullet be dug out. Lacking surgeon's tools the local doctor tried sawing through the skull but gave up. Bill finished the disgusting job. The sheriff picked up a table fork and dug out the bullet. It was a .32 bullet. The man's son was indicted but found not guilty. Facts uncovered later confirmed the verdict.
Giving his family a taste of adventure and the outside world, Bill took the entire family to the Lewis and Clark Centennial of 1905 in Portland. The family traveled by wagon over the Santiam Pass, filled the children's heads with wondrous sites, stocked up on fruit and vegetables not available in Central Oregon, and came back via a river barge to The Dalles. 
Well into the 1930s Indians would visit the ranch every fall to hunt deer. They set up teepees and a sweathouse near the river. When they visited the Vandevert homestead, Bill conversed with them in their own language.
Sadie died in 1924 and Bill lived on the ranch until two days after his ninetieth birthday in 1944. Ownership and management of the ranch passed to his two sons, Thomas William and Claude Chandler, who finally sold the ranch in 1970. One hundred years after the original founding of the ranch, the land, with an additional , became a 22-lot luxury gated community still known as Vandevert Ranch [http://www.vandevertranch.org]. The original log homestead was rebuilt and the schoolhouse was completely renovated.
Influences and interests.
The dominant interests in Bill Vandevert's life were his family, cattle, untamed country, and hunting. Though he spent weeks in the wilds by himself, he enjoyed people and having visitors to the ranch. He was apparently a good storyteller. Though he wasn't highly educated he valued education in his wife and his children. It seems he was curious about the more civilized environments of Kentucky and New York but decided they were not right for him.
Both his parents showed a spirit of adventure in emigrating to Oregon. But his uncle, Thomas Clark, may have heightened Bill's interest in new places by taking him to California at age 15 and bringing him to Texas at age 22 to join a cattle operation. Thomas Clark's devotion to hunting came through in Bill's prowess as a bear hunter.
Vandevert's love of adventure and dedication to the land on the Little Deschutes show him to have been a bit of a romantic. Fearless and hard-working, he was an ideal pioneer.
References.
McNellis, Grace Vandevert, "Home on the Vandevert Ranch", Red Apple Publishing, Gig Harbor, WA, 1999
Burgderfer, Don, "The Clark Massacre Party of 1851", in Little Known Tales from Oregon History Volume III, Sun Publishing, Bend, OR 2001
Gardner, Jim, W.P. Vandevert: the great adventurer finally settles on the Little Deschutes, for the Sunriver Sun, date unknown.
Stranahan, Martha, A Pioneering Family, Ruralite, August 1977, Midstate, pp. 15–17
Historic Vandevert Collection to Find Home at Museum, High Desert Quarterly June 1998 pp. 2–3
Jones, Randall S., Bend Resident Relates Stirring Story of Indian Raid on Pioneer Travelers, Oregon Historical Society SB#272 p. 61
Linn, George W., "Homesteading on the Deschutes" in Little Known Tales from Oregon History Volume 1, Sun Publishing, Bend, OR 1988
Power, Evada R., Old Days Revived in Stories Told by William Vandevert, of La Pine, "The Redmond Spokesman", August 20, 1936
Bill Vandevert, Bear Hunter, Bend Oregon, in The Oregon Journal November 22–23, 1922. To read the article, link to [http://207.36.124.253/bear_hunter.html].
Lemon, Emma R., From Cheney, Washington, to Watsonville, California 1898. Mother's Diary, with commentary by John Francis Lemon some 50 years later. To read the article, link to [http://www.vandevertranch.org/history_lemon.html]
Strope, Nancy, History of Vandevert's, monograph written in Redmond, Oregon 1970. To read the article, link to [http://www.vandevertranch.org/history_strope.html]
Vandevert, Claude (son of W.P. Vandevert), Indian Meadows, unpublished transcript of monologue, 1971. To read the transcript, link to [http://www.vandevertranch.org/history_indian_meadows.html]
Vandevert, Vincent, E-mail to Grace Vandevert McNellis, May 19, 1999
McNellis, Grace Vandevert (granddaughter of W.P. Vandevert), interviewed on October 26, 2008
Birth and death dates supplied by Grace McNellis from family records and newspaper obituaries.

</doc>
<doc id="20868359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868359" title="Mathieu Adeniyi">
Mathieu Adeniyi

Mathieu Adeniyi (born 26 April 1987 Porto-Novo) is a Beninense football player who plays for OC Cesson in France.
Career.
Adeniyi began his career by Association Sportive Oussou Saka, moved in July 2005 to Stade Rennais F.C., before in November 2007 joined to La Vitréenne FC. On 10 August 2010 left La Vitréenne FC and returned to Stade Rennais F.C., who played his debut after his return on 14 August 2010 for the Reserve team against AS Moulins.
International career.
He played with U-20 from Benin U-20 at 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20868363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868363" title="Geoffrey Drake">
Geoffrey Drake

Geoffrey Drake (1911 – 1995) was an English production designer and art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Young Winston".

</doc>
<doc id="20868370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868370" title="Of Human Bondage (film)">
Of Human Bondage (film)

Of Human Bondage is a novel by W. Somerset Maugham.
Of Human Bondage may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20868373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868373" title="TRT GAP">
TRT GAP

TRT GAP, belonging to the Turkish Radio and Television Corporation, has been established to enhance the recognition of The Southeastern Anatolia Project, abbreviated as GAP, on a rational ground which serves forming the necessary social, cultural and psychological environment in the region. Within this context, the Channel aims to meet the demands of those living in the East and Southeast Anatolia as well as inform them about the contributions resulting from the Project (GAP) to the region and the country at large. 
TRT GAP’s programs are especially produced by paying attention to both the needs and peculiarities of the East and Southeast Anatolia, consisting education, culture, drama, music programs and news with commercials.
TRT GAP’s transmissions are realized through the same channel with the TRT 3 since 2001 (which broadcasts live footage of TBMM TV) on a time-share basis. 
From 1989 to 2001 TRT GAP was broadcasting on TRT 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20868375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868375" title="Elizabeth Needham">
Elizabeth Needham

Elizabeth Needham (died 3 May 1731), also known as Mother Needham, was an English procuress and brothel-keeper of 18th-century London, who has been identified as the bawd greeting Moll Hackabout in the first plate of William Hogarth's series of satirical etchings, "A Harlot's Progress". Although Needham was notorious in London at the time, little is recorded of her life, and no genuine portraits of her survive. Her house was the most exclusive in London and her customers came from the highest strata of fashionable society, but she eventually ran afoul of the moral reformers of the day and died as a result of the severe treatment she received after being sentenced to stand in the pillory.
Character.
Nothing is known of Needham's early life, but by the time she was middle-aged she was renowned in London as the keeper of a brothel in Park Place, St. James. Her house was regarded as the most exclusive in London, superior to those of Covent Garden, even to that of the other notorious bawd of the time, Mother Wisebourne. She was said to still be attractive in middle-age; Hogarth described her as a "handsome old Procuress...well dressed in silk", but mentions "patches on her face" and in his picture her face is seen to be pock-marked. She went by a number of aliases: Bird, Howard, Blewitt and Trent are among those ascribed to her, although Mother Bird was also the name of another brothel-keeper who was committed to Newgate Prison with Needham in 1724. Needham was apparently ruthless with the girls and women who worked for her. They were forced to hire their dresses from her, and, if they were unable to pay the exorbitant rentals, she would force them to take more customers or have them committed to debtors' prison until they met her demands (a scheme John Cleland's heroine falls prey to in "Fanny Hill" (1748)). Once they were too old or too ill to attract customers, she would throw them out.
Needham procured her prostitutes from many sources including the houses of other brothel-keepers, the "Bails" in Covent Garden where homeless girls would sleep rough, Tom King's Coffee House, and, it appears, from auctions, but, as depicted in Hogarth's picture, she particularly targeted girls and women fresh from the country. The essayist Richard Steele found her pitching to a newly arrived girl when he went to meet a wagon bringing him items from the countryside. He described her as "artful", and it seems that she was friendly and engaging with her potential employees, revealing her vicious character only when they were under her roof; in "The Dunciad", Alexander Pope warns not to "...lard your words with Mother Needham's style". Pope mentions her once more at the end of "The Dunciad" (1728), making reference to her foul mouth, and again, alongside other notorious madams of the day, in the last verses of his "Coronation Epistle" (which were suppressed in editions of the poem from 1769 until 1954):
Henry Fielding refers to her in his "Pasquin" (1736) and used Hogarth's representation of her as the model for Mother Punchbowl in "The Covent Garden Tragedy" (1732). Mary Davys's bawd in the "Accomplish'd Rake" of 1727 is called "Mother N-d-m" and targets young girls fresh from the countryside, just as Needham did.
Customers.
Chief among her customers were Colonel Francis Charteris and his cousin the Duke of Wharton — Charteris is lounging in the doorway behind Needham in Hogarth's picture. Ronald Paulson suggests that the model for Moll Hackabout in Hogarth's first scene is Ann Bond, who was lured by Needham and raped by Charteris. Charteris, already known as the "Rape-Master General", was convicted and sentenced to death as a result of the Bond rape, although he was later pardoned. Needham's name was not mentioned during the legal proceedings.
Needham may have introduced Charteris to Sally Salisbury around 1708. Salisbury was the pre-eminent prostitute of the day and was kept by Charteris for a short time as mistress at the beginning of her career. When her previous bawd, Mother Wisebourne, died in 1719, she became a member of Needham's household and brought with her a clientele from the highest ranks of society. Salisbury brought further fame to Needham's house by involving another of her girls in the theft of the Earl of Cardigan's clothes. The two women accompanied him to Newmarket where he became drunk, and after putting him to bed at an inn they stole his clothes and jewellery and returned to London. Luckily the Earl treated the matter as a joke.
Some idea of the reputation of Needham's house can be gathered from one of "Joe Miller's Jests", which involves her asking her landlord to wait for his money until Parliament and the Convocation sit, at which point she will be able to pay him ten times over, and by a satirical premature obituary, which appeared in the "London Journal". The latter describes a will in which she distributes appropriate gifts to her famous clients: "a picture of Sodom and Gomorrah to indorsing D―n; an ounce of Mercuris Dulcis to Beau C―e, of St. Martin's Lane; her estate to the Duke of Wharton; her library to Ned C―; and a receipt to cure a clap to little Quibus". At the time, the figures mentioned would not have been spared their blushes by the omission of their full names, but identifying them now is guesswork.
Her well-connected clientele may have allowed her to escape arrest. Despite the popular notion that Sally Salisbury's 1723 stabbing of John Finch, the son of the Duchess of Winchelsea, had taken place in her house (it had actually occurred at the Three Tuns Tavern in Covent Garden), the first time Needham was raided was in 1724:
The constables had found "two women in bed with two men of distinction". The men were bound over, but the women were sent to Tothill Fields Bridewell to do hard labour. Needham's punishment on this occasion is not recorded, but it appears that she was still incarcerated in September when her house burned down, killing one of the inhabitants, Captain Barbute, a French officer. In 1728, several of her girls were arrested, but she appears to have escaped punishment.
Arrest, conviction and death.
In late 1730, Sir John Gonson, a Justice of the Peace and fervent supporter of the Society for the Reformation of Manners, spurred on by the furore surrounding the Charteris rape case, began conducting raids on brothels all over London. By early 1731 he had arrived at St James, where some residents of Park Place reported "a Notorious Disorderly House in that Neighbourhood". In truth, Needham's house was hardly unknown, having served the upper echelons of society for years, but she was arrested by Gonson and committed to the Gatehouse by Justice Railton.
On 29 April 1731, Needham was convicted of keeping a disorderly house, fined one shilling, and sentenced to stand twice in the pillory, and "to find sureties for her good behaviour for 3 years". On 30 April she was taken to the pillory near Park Place to stand for the first time. Perhaps because of her connections, she was allowed to lie face down in front of the pillory and a number of guards were paid to protect her. Despite this she received such a pelting that it was thought likely she would die before her punishment was completed. The crowds that had gathered to see her pilloried were so large that one boy fell on an iron fencing rail while trying to get a better look and was killed.
Needham was taken from the pillory alive, but died on 3 May 1731, the day before she was due to stand in the pillory (this time at New Palace Yard) for the second time. With her last words she apparently expressed great fear at having to stand in the pillory again after the severe punishment she had received the first time. The "Grub Street Journal," the satirical journal allied with Alexander Pope and others of Hogarth's friends, sardonically reported that the populace "acted very ungratefully, considering how much she had done to oblige them". Her demise was celebrated in a mocking rhyme:
Hogarth was still at work on "A Harlot's Progress" when she died, so she never saw herself immortalised. There were other madams ready to step into her shoes, but it was not until Mother Douglas took over the King's Head in Covent Garden in 1741 that a brothel reappeared with a reputation to match that of Needham.
Notes.
a. "Dolly" was a cant term for hemp: "to mill dolly" was to beat hemp in Bridewell or another of the prisons, hence to be saved from Dolly meant avoiding prison. The Oxford English Dictionary says "Dolly" was used at the time for "A drab, slattern, useless woman." Both of the senses could be employed here.

</doc>
<doc id="20868407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868407" title="Lew Brockett">
Lew Brockett

Lewis Albert (King) Brockett (July 23, 1880 – September 19, 1960) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Brockett played for the New York Highlanders in , , and . In 50 career games, he had a 13-14 record with a 3.43 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.

</doc>
<doc id="20868412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868412" title="Travel Agent (magazine)">
Travel Agent (magazine)

Travel Agent is a biweekly trade magazine, published by Questex Media Group and targeted at travel agency professionals, featuring travel industry news. The magazine is also supplemented with an online edition. Questex Media also operates "Travel Agent University", an on-line travel education site.
Sister publications include: "Luxury Travel Adviser", "Home Based Travel Agent", "Official Travel Industry Directory", "Hotel & Motel Management", "Premier Hotels & Resorts" and "Premier Spas & Romance".

</doc>
<doc id="20868438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868438" title="Kakkanadan">
Kakkanadan

George Varghese Kakkanadan (; 23 April 1935 – 19 October 2011), commonly known as Kakkanadan, was a Malayalam language short story writer and novelist from Kerala state, South India. His works made clean break from the neo-realism that dominated Malayalam literature through the 1950s and 60s. He is often credited with laying the foundation of modernism in Malayalam literature. He is a recipient of Kendra Sahitya Akademi Award and Kerala Sahitya Akademi Awards in addition to numerous other awards and recognitions.
Life.
Early years.
Born in Thiruvalla as the second son of evangelist George Kakkanadan and Rosamma, George Varghese Kakkanadan spent most of his childhood at Kollam and Kottarakkara. Though Kakkanadan's father was closely associated with the church, he was a Left sympathiser. Their house in Kottarakkara was a refuge for prominent Communist leaders of the past, who were forced to go hiding. After completing BSc Chemistry from SN College, Kollam, Kakkanadan started his career as a school teacher in Kerala. He quit the job to join Southern Railway in Tamil Nadu in 1957. In 1961 shifted to Ministry of Indian Railways in New Delhi where he worked till 1967. He went to Germany in 1967 on a scholarship to pursue research in literature but abandoned it midway and returned to Kerala to become a full-time writer. Kakkanadan also worked as an editorial member in S. K. Nair's "Malayalanadu" weekly published from Kollam, between 1971 and 1973.
Family.
Artist Rajan Kakkanadan and writers Thampi Kakkanadan and G. Ignatius Kakkanadan are his brothers. Ignatius Kakkanadan was a journalist and was an editorial board member of "Janayugom" and Malayalam magazine "Soviet Nadu". He was also a noted translator and had translated the works of B. R. Ambedkar under a Kerala Bhasha Institute Project. Kakkanadan's younger brother Thampi Kakkanadan was also a writer who authored several short stories and published a novel- "Kalapathinte Orma". Kakkanadan also has two sisters Ammini, wife of the former Member of Parliament P. A. Solomon, and Annie. Kakkanadan married Ammini in 1965. They have three children: Radha, Rajan and Rishi.
Death.
Kakkanadan died on 19 October 2011 at a private hospital in Kollam. He was battling cancer for the past few years. He was laid to rest with full state honours at the Polayathode public crematorium complex.
Writing.
Though he had started writing much before the railway stint and even wrote the novel "Vasoori", it was his second novel "Sakshi" that brought him laurels. The book had a great impact on the younger generation of Malayalam readers and was credited with breaking new grounds in Malayalam literature. In early 1960s, he shot into prominence as one of the most promising writers in Malayalam and was among the pioneers of the modernist trend in Malayalam literature. Kakkanadan's early works broke new ground in Malayalam fiction on account of their earnest exploration of deeper realities of life by employing a new diction and narrative methods. Though vast majority of readers initially found it hard to accept the modern trends ushered in by Kakkanadan and some of his contemporaries, their works soon created a new sensibility marking a radical break from the past.
He was one of the harbingers of modernism in the genres of Malayalam novel and short story. Though labelled by his readers as a formidable ultramodern Malayalam writer, Kakkanadan himself was of the view that modernism in literature has no convincing rationale. Several of his works are considered landmarks in the history of literary modernism in Malayalam. Moving with ease from apocalyptic visions to tantric imagery, he made his works representative of an important strand in the larger modernist trends in arts, literature and culture in India.
Kakkanadan was a rebel, both in life and literature. His rebellion extended from his selection of themes and use of subversive language to his careful crafting of the philosophy of angst into the writing. He often traversed the sweat zones of life and spoke of the valleys of the unknowing. With a stunningly violent style, he shook the very roots of the progressive literary sensibilities of the 1960s and 1970s and its innocent certainties. His was a world of dark tones and darker people, many of them social rejects. He often spoke of the seamy side, the world of puss and blood. Each of his works was an act of rebellion against accepted elitist social mores and codes. Sex, like violence, was a leitmotif in many of his works; at times as a resonant chant, at others as an explosive outpouring of raw human power that transcends both the demonic and the divine. Kakkanadan's major novels are "Sakshi" (1967), "Ezham Mudra" (1968), "Vasoori" (1968), "Ushnamekhala" (1969), "Kozhi" (1971), "Parankimala" (1971), "Ajnathayude Thaazhvara" (1972), "Innaleyude Nizhal" (1974), "Adiyaravu" (1975), "Orotha" (1982), "Ee Naaykkalute Lokam" (1983) and "Barsaathi" (1986). His most noted short story collections are "Yuddhaavasaanam" (1969), "Purathekkulla Vazhi" (1970), "Aswathamaavinte Chiri" (1979), "Sreechakram" (1981), "Alwar Thirunagarile Pannikal" (1989), "Uchayillaatha Oru Divasam" (1989) and "Jaappaana Pukayila" (2005). He has other novels, short story collections, travelogues and essay collections to his credit. Director Bharathan adapted the novels "Parankimala" and "Adiyaravu" for the films "Parankiala" (1981) and "Parvathi" (1981). K. G. George's "Onappudava" (1978) was based on Kakkanadan's novel of the same name. Kakkanadan's short story "Chithalukal" was made into a film by Kamal, titled "Unnikrishnante Adyathe Christmas" (1988).
He won the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award for his short-story collection "Aswathamavinte Chiri" in 1980 and for his novel "Orotha" in 1984. In 2005 he won the Kendra Sahitya Akademi Award for "Jappana Pukayila" and in 2008 he was bestowed with the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Fellowship. Kakkanadan was a craze among the younger generation of Kerala during the 1960s and 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20868442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868442" title="John George Phillips (businessman)">
John George Phillips (businessman)

John George Phillips (1888–1964) was an American businessman who served as President of IBM.
When Phillips became vice chairman of the board and head of the executive committee, he was succeeded by Tom Watson Jr. Phillips retired in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20868449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868449" title="John Graysmark">
John Graysmark

John Graysmark (March 26, 1935 – October 10, 2010) was a British production designer. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Graysmark was involved with film from an early age, through his father, who was construction co-ordinator at Elstree Studios. Graysmark attended a specialist building and architectural school from the age of 13, then worked in architecture for five
years. At the age of 21, through his father, Graysmark found work on his first film, "Anastasia", as a draughtsman.
Benefiting from his father's advice and contacts, within 5 years Graysmark had met or worked with the leading British film designers or art directors of the time, including John Box, Ken Adam, Don Ashton, Geoff Drake and Tony Masters.
During 20 years in the art department, Graysmark worked on such films as "Lawrence of Arabia", "The Guns of Navarone", "", "Young Winston" (which earned him an Oscar nomination), "The Man With The Golden Gun" and "Escape to Athena".
"Ragtime" (1981) was a turning point in Graysmark's career, the first film he did with the title production designer. Having worked for producer Dino de Laurentiis on 1980's "Flash Gordon" as supervising art director, under Italian designers Ferdinando Scarfiotti and Danilo Donati, Graysmark was later contacted by de Laurentiis, who offered him "Ragtime" as designer. Graysmark received another Oscar nomination for designing the movie's New York 1906 setting.
Selected filmography.
As Production Designer:
As Art Director:

</doc>
<doc id="20868452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868452" title="Greenock Princes Pier railway station">
Greenock Princes Pier railway station

Greenock Princes Pier was a railway station serving Greenock, Renfrewshire, Scotland, originally as part of the Greenock and Ayrshire Railway.
History.
The station opened on 23 December 1869, as Greenock Albert Harbour being renamed as Greenock Princes Pier on 1 May 1875. On 25 May 1894 the original station was closed and replaced by a new station 90 m to the north.
On 14 February 1959, stopping passenger services from Glasgow and Paisley ceased running beyond Kilmacolm; however, the boat trains continued running, without stopping until 30 November 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20868464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868464" title="Mirosław Kowalik (speedway rider)">
Mirosław Kowalik (speedway rider)

Mirosław Kowalik (born May 7, 1969 in Aleksandrów Kujawski, Poland) was a Polish motorcycle speedway rider; former member of Poland national team who rode in 2001 Speedway World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20868475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868475" title="Mirosław Kowalik">
Mirosław Kowalik

Mirosław Kowalik may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20868495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868495" title="Stone Academy">
Stone Academy

Stone Academy, a public school built in 1842, north of Solon, Iowa along the west side of Iowa Highway 1, which was the Old Military Road linking Dubuque to Iowa City. Formerly known as the Big Grove Township School #1. Open for tours by appointment only.

</doc>
<doc id="20868508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868508" title="Norm Branch">
Norm Branch

Norman Downs (Red) Branch (March 22, 1915 – November 21, 1971) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Branch played for the New York Yankees in and . In 37 career games, he had a 5-2 record with a 3.73 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.

</doc>
<doc id="20868521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868521" title="William Hutchinson (art director)">
William Hutchinson (art director)

William Hutchinson was an art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Young Winston".

</doc>
<doc id="20868524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868524" title="January 2009 in rail transport">
January 2009 in rail transport


</doc>
<doc id="20868534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868534" title="Abbott family">
Abbott family

The Abbott family is a fictional family and one of the core families from the CBS Daytime soap opera, "The Young and the Restless". The family is currently represented by the late John Abbott's two sons Jack Abbott and Billy Abbott. John also had a daughter, Traci Abbott, and a step-daughter, Ashley, both of whom currently live in New York City. The family is most known for their ongoing feud with the Newman family, which has mostly revolved between Victor Newman and Jack Abbott.
Family members.
First Generation.
Patriarch of the Abbott family. Father of Jack Abbott, Traci Abbott, and step-father of Ashley Abbott with Dina Mergeron. Father of Billy Abbott with Jill Foster. John founded the cosmetics company Jabot. John has married numerous times over the years (include multiple marriages to the same people). John's former wives include: Dina Mergeron, Jill Foster, Jessica Blair, and Gloria Fisher. He is the grandfather to Colleen Carlton, Keemo Volien Abbott, Kyle Jenkins Abbott, Delia Abbott, and Johnny Abbott. 
Second Generation.
He is John and Dina Abbott's oldest child. He served during the Vietnam War and graduated from Harvard University. During Vietnam he had an affair with Luan Volien that resulted in the birth of Keemo Volien Abbott. He later married Luan. Jack has also been married (some cases multiple times) to Patty Williams, Lindsey Wells, Nikki Newman, Phyllis Summers, and Sharon Newman. Over the years Jack also maintained a romance with Diane Jenkins. Jack has a fierce rivalry with Victor Newman, and has also served as an executive at Jabot Cosmetics for much of his career. His children include Keemo Volien Abbott, Kyle Jenkins Abbott, and John Abbott III, who was a stillborn. 
Ashley's biological father was Brent Davis through an affair with Dina Abbott. However John Abbott raised Ashley. Ashley's professional career revolves mostly around her family's company Jabot. Ashley has been married numerous times over the years. Her ex-husbands include Steven Lassiter, Victor Newman (two marriages), Blade Bladeson, Cole Howard, Brad Carlton, and Tucker McCall. Her children include two stillborns, Robert Carlton and Hope Newman, as well as Abby Newman. Ashley currently lives in New York City. 
Traci is the only biological daughter of John and Dina Abbott. She has had a very successful career as a novelist. She previously was a singer, and had developed a rivalry with Lauren Fenmore. Traci has been married to Danny Romalotti, Brad Carlton (two marriages), and to Steve Connolly to whom she is still married today. She had a daughter, Colleen Carlton, but died in 2009. Traci currently lives in New York City, but returns to Genoa City often. 
Billy is John and Jill Abbott's son from their second marriage. Billy has been notoriously the "Black Sheep" and screw up of the Abbott family. He is known for his gambling addictions, alcoholism, and playboy behavior. He had a brief career at Jabot Cosmetics before managing a tabloid, Restless Style. Billy had been married to Mackenzie Browning, Chloe Mitchell, and to Victoria Newman to whom he is currently married to for the third time. His children include Delia Abbott with Chloe and Johnny Abbott through an affair with Chelsea Lawson. 
Jabot Cosmetics.
Fictional company history.
Jabot has had a tumultuous history. In the early 1980s John considered following his son Jack's advice to sell Jabot but then changed his mind once he found out that the company offering to buy Jabot (Mergeron Enterprises) was owned by his ex-wife Dina Mergeron (Marla Adams). A few years later Jabot had another shake up when after finding out his son Jack Abbott (then Terry Lester, now Peter Bergman) was having an affair with his younger wife Jill Foster Abbott (then Brenda Dickson, now Jess Walton) he disowned Jack and fired him from Jabot. John filed for divorce and because he didn't want the facts about Jack and Jill's affair made public he gave Jill a divorce settlement that included 1/4 ownership of Jabot, an executive position worth $150,000 a year, and a seat on the Jabot Board of Directors. John replaced Jack with his new son-in-law Brad Carlton (Don Diamont), who was a salesman to that point. Jill and Brad started the "Jabot Men's Line" and made it into a success. But after a while the job became too much for Brad to handle and so John hired Jack back.
In 1990 Jack convinced John to go public with Jabot, by selling shares of Jabot stock in the stock market. This backfired on Jack when his rival, Newman Enterprises, C.E.O. Victor Newman (Eric Braeden), bought enough shares to take over control of Jabot. Losing Jabot caused John to have a heart attack and caused Victor to fire Jack and replace him with Brad (this because Victor and John were good friends). To get back at Victor, Jack married Victor's ex-wife Nikki Newman (Melody Thomas Scott), before Victor could propose re-marriage to Nikki. Victor offered to give control of Jabot back to the Abbott family, if Jack divorced Nikki. Even though Jack had fallen in love with Nikki, he accepted Victor's offer out of guilt and loyalty to John. But Victor used a loophole in the contract and voided the deal. Jack did however return to work at Jabot. After Nikki found out Jack chose Jabot over her she started divorce proceedings. But after Jack saved her daughter Victoria's life and then finding out she was pregnant with Jack's child, Nikki decided to stay with Jack. Victor later married Jack's sister and Jabot's chemist Ashley Abbott (then Brenda Epperson, now Eileen Davidson).
A couple of years later Jack with Brad planned a hostile takeover of Newman Enterprises. But Victor found out about it and during a heated exchange Victor fired Jack and then collapsed. Jack walked over Victor and towards the door leaving him to die. But Jack used his better judgement and called 911, saving Victor's life. 
After having confrontations with Ashley, Nikki, and his daughter Victoria, Victor went on a trip to the country to get away from his problems. Victor was robbed and carjacked and the man who did it ended up dying in a car accident in Victor's car. Everyone back in Genoa City thought Victor was dead and so Jack used "Victor's death" to his advantage and took over control of Newman Enterprises. This also meant he controlled Jabot as well. Jack appointed Brad head of Newman Enterprises. Months later Victor returned to Genoa City alive and well. Victor once again fired Jack for taking over control of Newman Enterprises and as a result John and Ashley resigned from Jabot. The Abbotts decided to create a new cosmetics company to rival Jabot. But because of Victor their loan application was denied and so their plans were halted. Jack then promised to stay away from Jabot if Victor hired John and Ashley back. Eventually Jack returned to Jabot as well.
Many years later Victor was missing and once again thought to be dead after his airplane crashed in New Mexico. Jack and Brad once again took over control of Newman Enterprises by changing spreadsheet numbers and packing the Newman Board of Directors with Jack's old flame and Victor's newest ex-wife Diane Jenkins (Alex Donnelley) and with her lawyer Michael Baldwin (Christian LeBlanc). When Victor returned it was tougher for him to wrest control of his company away from Jack and Brad.
In the fall of 2012, Jack took control of Newman Enterprises and implemented a merger between the two companies. He hired Neil as CEO so he could concentrate on running Newman Enterprises. However, Jack fired Neil after a disagreement and brought in Cane to act as CEO. Cane, who was uncomfortable with replacing his father-in-law, brought Neil back in to run the company After a disagreement, Jack fired Neil and replaced him with Cane, although Cane brought Neil back to run the company while Jack stays distracted by his pill addiction and ongoing efforts by Victor to regain control of both Newman and Jabot.
Jabot Cosmetics is a cosmetics company, headquartered in Genoa City, Wisconsin. The company is famous for selling expensive, high-end cosmetics.
In 1990, Jack convinced John to take Jabot public. This backfired on Jack when his rival, Victor Newman, bought enough shares to takeover Jabot. Losing ownership of Jabot caused John to have a heart attack. However Smilin Jack Abbott got Jabot back under Abbott control. He also took over Newman Enterprises in 2012 and is currently majority stockholder in Newman Enterprises and Jabot Cosmetics.

</doc>
<doc id="20868535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868535" title="Michigan Journal of Business">
Michigan Journal of Business

The Michigan Journal of Business is a biannual peer-reviewed open access academic journal published by undergraduate students at the Stephen M. Ross School of Business (University of Michigan). It was established in 2007 by William Moon and publishes theses, empirical research, case studies, and theories relating to areas of accounting, economics, finance, marketing, management, operations management, information systems, business law, corporate ethics, and public policy.
The editorial staff is composed of students from various schools within the University of Michigan.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in EBSCO's Business Source Complete database.

</doc>
