<doc id="20868542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868542" title="Harbin Medical University">
Harbin Medical University

Harbin Medical University (also known as HMU) () is a public university located in Harbin, Heilongjiang, China.
History.
Harbin Medical University (HMU) is located in Harbin, a beautiful city well known for its ice and snow and reputed as “Eastern Paris”. HMU has a scenic view on the campus dotted with ancient-style buildings, with a total area of 2.36 million square meters.
HMU was founded in 1926 and boasts of a glorious history and tradition. It originated from the combination of former Harbin Medical University (its predecessor being Harbin Special Medical School founded by Dr. Wu Liande, a medical pioneer in China) and former 1st and 2nd branch schools of China Medical University in Xingshan (its predecessor being China Red Army Health School founded in Ruijin, Jiangxi, in 1931). During the 80 years of existence, HMU has inherited Dr. Wu Liande’s spirit of “loving the motherland wholeheartedly and succeeding by self-made efforts”, carried forward China Red Army Health School’s tradition “firm political belief and excellent medical skills”, and upheld the motto “integrity from the rules and learning to promote medicine”. HMU’s strength has been increasing and become a medical school of huge capacity and distinct characteristics. HMU has now been one of the top medical schools in China. It is now a national base for basic sciences research and teaching talent development, and a key “Project 211” university in Heilongjiang Province.
Ranking & Reputation.
The ranking order of Harbin Medical University is number 2 in China using the rankings of Medical universities recognised by Medical council of India. Harbin Medical University is ranked 1213 out of 11,000 universities in the world by 4icu world university ranking and ranked 2234 out of 20,000 universities in the world by Webometrics world university ranking. Harbin Medical University is listed in the Medical Directories of WHO and IMED. It is recognized by Medical Council of India(MCI),Bangladesh, Jordan, and other countries. Students from this university can obtain a medical license in USA, Canada, UK, Australia, etc. after passing the licensing examinations of those countries.
Membership.
Harbin Medical University is a full member of the following international organizations and associations:
1. Asian Medical Education Association ( AMEA )
2. Educational Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates (ECFMG) 
3. Foundation for Advancement of International Medical Education and Research (FAIMER)
Affiliated Institutions.
The affiliated institutions of HMU include: School of Basic Medical Sciences, School of Public Health, School of Pharmacy, School of Health Administration, Department of Bioinformatics, Department of Humanities and Social Sciences, Graduate School, School of Adult Education (School of Continuing Education), five medical schools (affiliated hospitals), School of Dentistry, School of Nursing, and Daqing Campus. Organizations based in HMU include Center for Endemic Disease Control of CDC, National Research Center for Clinical Trial of New Drugs, Russian Language Training Center of the Ministry of Health, Heilongjiang Branch of China Medical Academy and Heilongjiang Provincial Medical Academy.
Medical Programme.
HMU has clearly defined medical programs. It is among the first group of medical universities with a seven-year medical program and has been working with Nankai University and Harbin Institute of Technology in jointly teaching these seven-year program students. HMU cooperates with five foreign universities for joint medical programs. It has four first-grade doctorate degree programs including basic medical sciences, clinical medicine, public health and preventive medicine, and biology; 41 second-grade doctorate degree programs, and 49 second-grade master’s degree programs. The 11 undergraduate programs include basic medical sciences, clinical medicine, preventive medicine, dentistry, anesthesiology, medical imaging, nursing, pharmacy, biotechnology, public affairs management, and medical law. Currently, HMU has five postdoctoral research programs in preventive medicine, clinical medicine, basic medical sciences, biology, and pharmacy, one research program in clinical pharmacy and pharmacology, and the postdoctoral research program in collaboration with Zhonglong Enterprises. There are over 10,000 full-time students, including over 3000 graduate students.
HMU has a reasonable discipline structure. There is one national key discipline, 32 provincial key disciplines, one incubation base of national key laboratories in biomedicine jointly established by the ministry and the province, six key laboratories of the ministry and the province, and 11 provincial key laboratories of higher education. Positions are available for national and provincial specially-invited professors.
Undergrade five-year MBBS programme is available in English language. Chinese language MBBS programme is also available.
The following three-year MD/MS & PhD specialties are available in English:
1. Clinical Medicine
Pathology and Pathophysiology,Pediatrics,Gerontology,Neurology,Psychiatry and Mental Health
Dermatology and Venereology,Imaging and Nuclear Medicine,Clinical Laboratory Diagnostics
Nursing,Surgery,Gynecology and Obstetrics,Otolaryngology,Oncology,Emergency Medicine
Oral Clinical Medicine,Nutrition and Food Hygiene,Master of Nursing,Social Medicine and Health Management,Master of Nursing,Clinical Science of Stomatology
2. School of Basic Medical Sciences
Physiology, Neurobiology, Genetics, Developmental Biology, Cell Biology, Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Human Anatomy and Histoembryology, Immunology, Pathogen Biology, Pathology and Pathophysiology, Forensic Medicine, History of Science and Technology
3. School of Public Health
Pathogen Biology, Labor Sanitation and Sanitary Science, Nutrition and Food Hygiene,Maternal Child, Adolescent and Woman Health Care, Hygiene Toxicology, Master of Public Health (professional degree), Social Medicine and Health Services Management
4. Centre for Endemic Diseases
Epidemic and Health Statistics, Labor Sanitation and Sanitary Science, Determination of Trace Elements and the Effect on Health
5. College of Pharmacy
Physiology, Pharmacochemistry, Pharmacy, Microbial and Biochemical Pharmacy, Pharmacology
Master in Pharmacy (Professional Degree)
6. School of Biological Information and Technology
Biophysics, Biomedical Engineering
7. Humanity and Sociology Department
Ideological and Political Education
Faculty.
The over 10,000 faculty and staff include a combination of newly trained members and seasoned professionals. HMU faculty proudly includes one academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and one Nightingale Prize winner. Over 70 faculty members have been granted various prizes including Chinese Outstanding Young Teacher Award, Wu Jieping Medical Research Award, and Paul Jassen Award in Pharmacy.
Scientific Achievements.
HMU has made remarkable scientific achievements. Significant breakthroughs have been made in China Human Genome Project, cytogenetical research on solid tumor, basic and clinical research on series of spleen preservation operation, experiment and clinical application of homogeneous in situ heart transplantation, research on the best target of antiarrhythmic drugs and etiology of Kaschin-Beck disease. In order to make full use of HMU resources, HMU cooperates with some enterprises, e.g. the Pharmaceutical R&D Center between HMU and Harbin Pharmaceutical Group, to facilitate the transformation of pharmaceutical technology to new products and lead the pharmaceutical industry at the northeastern old industrial base to rapid development. Since 2000, HMU has been granted 3 second-class awards of National Scientific and Technological Progress, 3 second-class awards of National Natural Science, over 240 research achievement awards of the ministry and the province. HMU has undertaken over 250 projects of the national Project “973”, Project “863”, and key projects of National Natural Science Foundation.
HMU boasts advanced clinical technology. The five medical schools (affiliated hospitals) are ranked at top level; three are listed among the “100 best hospitals” in China. There are over 5000 beds, two million outpatients and over two-hundred thousand inpatients per year. Allogeneic organ transplantation is a speciality of HMU. Allogeneic spleen transplantation, allogeneic both-hands transplantation, and allogeneic single-forearm transplantation have reached international renown. Patients who receive allogeneic heart transplantation go on to enjoy the best life quality in Asia. The combined treatment of large intestine cancer is well known in China. There are 2905 beds in the other four non-affiliated clinical hospitals.
During the Tenth Five-Year Plan period, HMU was appraised as excellent in the assessment on seven-year medical program by the Ministry of Education, the assessment on the National Base of Science at HMU by the National Natural Science Foundation, and the assessment of basic medical education by the Ministry of Education. HMU enjoys a good reputation in its educational quality. As the first medical school in China, HMU received the pilot accreditation on basic medical education referenced by WFME Global Standards, and has achieved all 36 WFME basic standards, of which 25 have reached quality improvement standards. The foreign experts spoke highly of the medical education quality of the university. HMU has cooperative relations with over 40 colleges and universities in 12 countries or regions. Six specialized journal offices including Chinese Journal of Endemiology, International Journal of Genetics, and International Journal of Immunology are based at HMU. The campus network has been integrated into China Education and Research Network. HMU library has a collection of over 1.5 million books, 4707 journals and 330,000 electronic journals and books and provides electronic literature search and internet information services.
HMU adheres to the educational ideology “basic medical education as the basis, discipline developments as the fundamental, graduate and long-term medical education as the priority.” To meet the health needs of the region and country as well as economic development, HMU has become a base to cultivate skilled medical professionals and produce high-level research outcomes. HMU goals are to become the premiere teaching and research-oriented medical school in China that is renowned throughout the world. HMU will apply all of its advantages to achieving the objective of “rapid and all-around development” and rejuvenation of the old northeastern industrial base.
External links.
HMU Video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuVCaRDQEPU
edXcare : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yr6ZiRKv0B4
HMU Website : http://www.hrbmu.edu.cn/english/index.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20868605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868605" title="Peter James (set decorator)">
Peter James (set decorator)

Peter James (14 April 1924 – 17 November 1997) was an English set decorator. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
James was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20868617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868617" title="Mike Cantwell">
Mike Cantwell

Michael Joseph (Mike) Cantwell (June 15, 1894 – January 5, 1953) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Cantwell played for the New York Yankees in and the Philadelphia Phillies in and . In 11 career games, he had a 1-6 record with a 4.61 ERA. He batted and threw left-handed.
Cantwell was born in Washington, D.C. and died in Oteen, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="20868623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868623" title="Floating bladderwort">
Floating bladderwort

Floating bladderwort may be a common name for:

</doc>
<doc id="20868629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868629" title="Bugabula">
Bugabula

Bugabula is one of the five traditional principalities of the kingdom of Busoga in Uganda. It is located in the Kamuli District.
It was founded around 1730 and became a part of the British protectorate in Busoga in 1896. Its current ruler is Gabula William Nadiope IV.

</doc>
<doc id="20868631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868631" title="Boom Sport Two">
Boom Sport Two

Boom Sport Two is a Romanian sports channel which is available only via Direct To Home platform "Boom TV". The channel has the broadcast rights for:

</doc>
<doc id="20868632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868632" title="Centre for Buckinghamshire Studies">
Centre for Buckinghamshire Studies

The Centre for Buckinghamshire Studies is the county record office for Buckinghamshire, England. It houses the former Buckinghamshire Record Office and the former Buckinghamshire Local Studies Library. It is located in Aylesbury, in the base of County Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="20868663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868663" title="Cavale">
Cavale

Cavale (One: On the Run) is a 2002 Lucas Belvaux Film with his own script and starred by him.
This is the first instalment of a series Trilogy, which constitutes a thriller followed by Two: Un couple épatant, a comedy and Three: Après la vie, a melodrama. 
Belvaux referred in the DVD commentary that main idea behind "Trilogy" is that the main characters in a particular story are the secondary characters of others, in such sense the three films happen at the same time and share a series of common scenes and plot points, complementing each other, but also have their own perspective and style. The audience is left with piecing the films together, which Belvaux avoided, since editing the three films into one single narrative would have resulted in a very long film with no style of its own.
Plot.
Most of the film is silent and there are just as few dialogue lines as necessary. 
In the initial sequence during the opening credits, in a black screen the audience can hear different sounds of prison gates opening and someone walking down corridors, then shouts are heard and the audience is brought just outside the prison where Bruno Le Roux, a former leftist revolutionary, has just escaped. An accomplice in a mask, Jean-Jean, is waiting for him, he shoots the searchlights and both climb into a car and escape through the streets into the country. They come across a police blockade but manage to escape through a hail of bullets. The next morning Bruno lies on the grass, Jean-Jean is dead. Bruno takes everything in the car and disguises himself. 
He heads to Grenoble, France, in the train but runs into the police at the train station; he manages to escape and runs into a safe-house in a garage within an apartment complex. News of his escapade reach other people involved with him in his past, amongst them Jacquillat, a drug dealer and owner of a fronting company related to transportation of goods and Jeanne and Francis, former revolutionaries. Francis wanders if Bruno shall be coming to their place but she is sure that he will try to escape to Italy.
Bruno forges identifications and arranges many looks for himself, steals a car, changes the licence plates and connects a radio scanner so he can hear the feedback of the police on him. The Police are tailing Jeanne. That night Bruno pays a visit to Freddy, who obviously shares some past with him, Le Roux demands to see Jacquillat and Freddy reluctantly agrees to call him after offering help to take Bruno to Italy, which he will not do until some old scores have been settled with Jacquillat. Freddy goes to the back of the shop, Bruno sees from the window a group of policemen and also has a glimpse at Police Inspector Pascal Manise, whom he had seen earlier in the train station, and assumes that Freddy has betrayed him, he leaves the bar and sees Manise enter. He calls Freddy to tell him that it was not a smart move.
Jacquillat has made his office his refuge and sends his henchmen after Le Roux. Freddy fears for his life and has become paranoid as he runs the streets he sees Bruno everywhere but when he arrives at his apartment he seems more relaxed only to be shot at the entrance of his building by Le Roux. Bruno shows up at Jeanne's, it turns out that she was actually expecting him and gives him a bunch of keys that she has been keeping and burns communist pamphlets that she had hidden away in her son's closet for 15 years. While the Police investigate Freddy's murder, Bruno gets a glimpse at Jacquillat but does not engage him, because he is talking to Manise. 
Bruno pays a visit to Madame Guiot, the mother of Jean-Jean and tells her that he is dead and that now he will take care of her, she refuses and throws him out. Le Roux goes to an apartment with the new keys but he tries to open the wrong door and a neighbour emerges from the apartment, he apologizes for the mistake and goes to his apartment, but now there is a witness about his looks and knows that he must change his plans. He takes a lot of explosive materials from the apartment and guns and burns the apartment. He bombs the Court House. This triggers the police to arrest Jeanne for questioning but she is still loyal to him and will not say a word.
In the meantime, Le Roux has been following Jacquillat's henchmen and ends up following Banane, a petty drug dealer, who while selling drugs on the street ends up beating a woman, at first Le Roux does not intervene but the beating is so strong that he cannot take it anymore and engages Banane with his gun and forces him to open the letterbox where he hides his drugs, she takes all she can and leaves. Bruno frisks Banane and finds a photo of the woman who has just left; Banane has been ordered not to sell her anything. Bruno poses then as "Yvan" says that he wants to meet Jacquillat. Just as he is about to leave, the woman comes back with news that the police is all around the place. They must wait it out but she is very sick from withdrawal syndrome, she offers to take him to her place where he will be safe after she figures out that the police is looking for him, her husband is Manise and no one shall look for him there. 
Once at the apartment she shoots up and falls asleep. Just as he is about to leave, Agnès (the woman) keels over and is about to die due to overdose, Bruno hesitates but finally saves her. While he is washing her wounds in the bathroom she tells him that in 15 years of marriage, her husband has always provided her with all the drugs she wanted but now he has stopped and it is the first time that she has had to buy her own fixes. He promises her to help her get more drugs. He tells her that his name is Pierre. 
Jeanne is liberated. Early in the morning Bruno goes to Banane's and learns that a meeting with Jacquillat has been set at 23:00. Later that same morning, while Jeanne is preparing a little celebration for her liberation, Bruno asks her to help him that night, she refuses to help him and the only thing that she will do for him is cross him over the border into Italy. He refuses and reminds her that she has been free and able to live her life only because he and all the others who have spent time in prison have kept their mouths shut, therefore she owes them, he will come at 22:45 for her. Agnès takes "Pierre" to a chalet in the mountains and promises him to get a car. 
In the chalet, while preparing for that evening, Bruno is confronted by Cécile the owner of the chalet, because Cécile thinks that her husband is having an affair with Agnès. They tell her that he is Pierre an unemployed machinist and Agnès' lover, after Cécile is more calm she offers to get him a job and leaves. 
Bruno goes to Jeanne's but she is not there. He goes alone to the meeting which turns out to be an ambush, there is shoot out, many are killed. Bruno manages to escape and calls for Jeanne to help him. She takes him to the chalet, where they discuss about Bruno's outdated ideas and demands to know that if he can justify the deaths of several innocent people that they have killed during their terrorist attacks. Jeanne confesses to Francis what she did (she had said earlier that she was helping a friend), but when asked about Le Roux's whereabouts, she still will not say anything.
The next day at the chalet Bruno is confronted again by Cécile, who now believes that he is Agnès' dealer and the one who is blackmailing Manise but he denies it and tells her that Manise actually is a wife beater, she leaves. Bruno knows he has to leave and steals a car that happened to be near the chalet. Once in the city he is cut off by many police blockades, he dumps the car and goes to Jeanne's, but she is not there. When she arrives, Bruno beats Francis to force her to help him. She unwittingly reveals that the police will not search her car because they are not looking for a woman with a child. Bruno has Jeanne tie Francis up and they leave her apartment with the child. They pass the blockade and he then manages to arrive at his safe house in the garage, but does not know that Jeanne has followed him. She then goes to Manise's place and tells him where to find Le Roux. Manise discloses Le Roux's location to both the police and Jacquillat. 
Le Roux hears movements outside his hide out and manages to escape, the police and Jacquillat's henchmen have engaged in a shoot out which gives him the opportunity to leave undetected. He goes to Jacquillat's office where he shoots him and takes his car with which he goes to the chalet. He starts climbing the Alps in order to escape to Italy but on the top of a mountain he walks into a crevasse, he tries to climb out but he cannot and sinks to the bottom.
Alternate ending.
In the DVD commentary, Belvaux explains that he also shot an alternate ending to Cavale, where Le Roux also kills Alain and Cécile Coste, who had gone to the chalet to look for him to offer "Pierre" a job, but finally decided against it to make Le Roux more accessible to the audience and spare two likeable characters in the Trilogy.

</doc>
<doc id="20868678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868678" title="FC Bdin">
FC Bdin

FC Bdin () is a Bulgarian football club based in Vidin, currently playing in the West B PFG, the second division of Bulgarian football. Its home stadium "Georgi Benkovski" has a capacity of 15 000 seats. Club colors are red and white. The club was officially founded in 1923.
History.
The club was founded as Viktoria 23 in 1923. In 1946 they reached the Bulgarian Republic Football Championship semi-finals, eliminating Botev Plovdiv and Hadzhi Slavchev Pavlikeni along the way.
Current squad.
"As of February 23, 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="20868680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868680" title="Freddie Russo">
Freddie Russo

Freddie Russo (October 3, 1924 – 1987) is an American professional boxer who fought as a featherweight / lightweight. His overall record was 102 wins, 14 losses and 5 draws.
Russo was born in Rahway, New Jersey on October 3, 1924 . He won four Golden Gloves championships as an amateur and won his first 51 fights as a professional. He won the New Jersey Featherweight Championship at New Brunswick High School Stadium in his 14th bout, with a second round knockout of Georgie Knox. Despite defeating four World Champions over his career, he never won a World Championship. His fiftieth consecutive victory came when Russo defeated Vince Del Orto, the European Featherweight and Lightweight Champion, in Newark, New Jersey.
Irving Cohen was his manager, and he trained under Whitey Bimstein and Dan Florio. Billy Graham and Rocky Graziano were among his stablemates, and he maintained friendships with them until his death in 1987. Russo was inducted into the New Jersey Boxing Hall of Fame on November 15, 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20868696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868696" title="Adams Childrenswear">
Adams Childrenswear

Barrowdrive Ltd. (dba Adams Childrenswear) is a children's clothing retailer, based in Paddington, London in the United Kingdom.
History.
Early history.
Amy Adams started a children's clothing business from her own home in Birmingham in 1933. She then opened another three stores in quick succession. Until 1973 Amy Adams and her son Michael ran the company independently, when they sold it to Foster Brothers. Ten years later Foster Brothers was itself acquired by Sears Holdings plc.
Adams had over 200 stores by the 1980s, and by the 1990s it had become a key player in the childrenswear market.
The company opened its first international franchise in Saudi Arabia in 1997. Further international stores were then opened in Cyprus, Greece, Republic of Ireland, Finland, India and Slovakia. In 1999 Sears was acquired by Philip Green who then agreed to a management buy-out of Adams Childrenswear.
Mini Mode brand.
Adams has been making clothing under the Mini Mode brand for Boots since 2002. Mini Mode has 327 concessions and its own online store. Mini Mode Childrenswear Limited also entered administration on 21 January 2009, with Rob Jonathan Hunt, Stuart David Maddison and Michael John Andrew Jervis being appointed as joint administrators.
2006 administration.
In 2006 Adams went into administration, with PricewaterhouseCoopers handling the proceedings. John Shannon bought Adams out of administration in February 2007. 42 of the stores were then closed. David Carter Johnson was appointed as Chief Executive. In January 2008 the "kids love fashion" branding was rolled out into all stores and store refits started in the UK and Ireland.
2008 administration.
During the weekend of 28 December 2008 Adams announced that were again preparing to enter administration. At the time of the 2008 administration there were 260 stores in the UK and 116 outlets overseas, employing around 2000 people. PricewaterhouseCoopers were approached on 24 December to act as administrators again. Adams was reported to owe around £20 million to Mr Shannon and £10 million to Burdale. The company entered administration on 31 December 2008. The Mini Mode brand was not affected by the administration at this time. 111 stores closed, shedding 850 jobs, but the administrators remained hopeful that Adams would still find a buyer. 160 of the stores then remained. On 26 January a further 36 stores were closed. 125 of the stores continued to trade, while the situation was assessed.
2009-present.
On 15 February 2009, it was announced that former owner John Shannon, who also bought the company in 2006, would be taking it out of administration. The Adams brand will be retained.
On 10 September 2009 it was announced that Adams was sold to a new a investment group under the name of Habib Alvi.
On 22 January 2010, it went in to administration for the third time.
On 8 February 2010, it was announced that Mini Mode would no longer exist. Mothercare designed a completely new range called 'Miniclub' sold only in Boots stores. In early 2010 Adams closed their few remaining stores and orders from the website ceased.

</doc>
<doc id="20868699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868699" title="Joe Beagle">
Joe Beagle

Joe Beagle, also known as singer-songwriter Joey Parratt, is an award-winning songwriter with various TV, radio and live performances to his name. He was founder member of The Flying Brix, No-one, Champion the Underdog, The (original) Beagles, Awful Racket, Cute Baby Monster and My Mate's Band all of which played almost exclusively his own original songs.
In 1979, as founder member of The Flying Brix, along with John Ashton, David Bradbury, Mark Hamilton, Gary Taylor and his brother Andy Barratt, he recorded, produced and released "Black Colours" a limited edition 7 inch 33 rpm vinyl DIY EP with 9 original songs, distributed by Rough Trade Records and played by John Peel (of BBC, Radio One). One of the songs, "Uniform (I Don't Wanna Be Different)", was later featured on a compilation CD commemorating the era, MESSTHETICS #104 CD: 'D.I.Y.' and indie postpunk from the South Wales and the Z-Block scene: 1977-1981 (part 1).
Rowlands replaced Hamilton and then the band split in 1981 and Rowlands, Ashton, Bradbury and Taylor went on to form 'Fourplay'. Joe stayed with the name of The Flying Brix.
His next offering recorded at Rockfield Studios featured a completely new line-up and was described by Allan Jones (editor) of Melody Maker as "Too bizarre by half, this kind of thing, for the conservative legions who make up today's predictable pop public, but definitely refreshing and bravely unorthodox."
During 1982, he courted publicity while trying to promote a local heavy metal band, for his friends. His antics were frequently reported by South Wales Echo columnist Rod Liddle,
He was invited to host an art exhibition of his illustrated lyrics in The Gallery, 4–22 October 1982, St Donat's Castle, Llantwit Major, South Wales and perform a live concert of his own songs in the Tythe Barn there on Saturday 6 October 1982.
One of over 1,500 entries, his song "Home is where the heartbreak is" won 1st prize and £1,000 when he performed it live for the judges Melvyn Bragg, Jake Thackray and Victoria Wood at the finals of the 1st British National Songsearch competition held at The Brewery Arts Centre, as a climax to the Kendal Folk Festival on Saturday 24 August 1985.
Melvyn Bragg said it "provided a bleak epic of life on the wrong side of the underprivileged". Gary Price said "The lyrics - in common with many of Joey Parratt's other songs - mix a healthy cynicism with compassion and humour". while Mick Tems derided some of the other songs on the album to praise it saying "The song grabs you places other songs can't reach".
Red Dragon Radio DJ and Cardiff Post Columnist, Gary Price wrote "To say Joey Parratt has a way with words is to use a cliche which ill-defines a superb lyrical talent", adding "I have rarely read a book of lyrics and been so overwhelmed by the wit and humour whilst at the same time touched by the obvious humanity of the author".
A video of his song 'Oh no, here come the goodguys,again!' was included in the music documentary 'Barry Island Rock' and featured on S4C and Channel 4.
The BBC produced a video of him performing a solo version of his song 'et tu brute' which was broadcast nationwide. He performed his songs 'Oh no, here come the good guys again!', 'Nightrider', & 'Fergie's Song' with his band 'No-one' on BBC TV.
His song 'Up & alive', was recorded by his band 'Champion The Underdog', & included on the anti-racist compilation 'NOW THAT'S MORE LIKE IT!', and he performed his song 'I've turned into a fish!' live on Channel 4, with his band 'The Beagles'.
Videos of six of his songs were also later featured on the "Beaglemania" CD-ROM. The Beagles also did the 20 gigs in a day fundraiser for Nottingham Mencap and had a 3 month residency at The Filly & Firkin, Nottingham playing nothing but his original songs.
The Beagles became Awful Racket (to avoid confusion with an Eagles covers band) and played around Nottingham including at The Green Festival.
He was a founder member of Nottingham Songwriters International. He designed their website and helped arrange bi-monthly showcase concerts.
Formed original acoustic duo Cute Baby Monster in February 2004 whose first concert was at The Third Annual Belvoir Castle Folk Festival on Saturday 17 May 2008.
One of his songs, "Tea" was adopted by The Tea Appreciation Society for use on their MySpace page in 2008 and later released as a download on iTunes and amazon in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20868720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868720" title="Lynedoch railway station">
Lynedoch railway station

Greenock Lynedoch was a railway station serving Greenock, Renfrewshire, Scotland, originally as part of the Greenock and Ayrshire Railway.
History.
The station opened on 23 December 1869, as Lynedoch being renamed as Greenock Lynedoch in May 1898.
On 14 February 1959, stopping passenger services from Glasgow and Paisley ceased running beyond Kilmacolm; however, the boat trains continued running, without stopping until 30 November 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20868722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868722" title="Richard Pearson (Royal Navy officer)">
Richard Pearson (Royal Navy officer)

Sir Richard Pearson (1731–1806) was a British naval officer who was captain of the ship HMS "Serapis" during the American Revolution.
As a lieutenant in the East Indies he did well during the Seven Years' War, where he was severely wounded. He was subsequently unable to obtain a commission because his senior officers twice died before they could fulfil their promises. He finally obtained post rank as a captain in 1773.
In 1779, in command of the "Serapis", 44 guns, and escorting a large convoy from the Baltic, he was attacked off Flamborough Head by an American rebel squadron under John Paul Jones in the "Bonhomme Richard", 42 guns. This famous action ended in Pearson surrendering the "Serapis" to Jones but not before his spirited defence had covered the escape of the valuable convoy. Jones' ship "Bonhomme Richard" ended up sinking following the capture, forcing Jones to lose his own ship and return to port in Pearson's captured vessel.
Pearson was considered a hero in his homeland after the battle. He was knighted, received presents from the merchants and the freedoms of several towns. John Paul Jones was later asked how he felt about the captain whom he had defeated in battle being knighted, and he reportedly said: "I'd like to meet him on the high seas again; they'll make him a lord!"
Pearson's 2nd son was Henry Shepherd Pearson who was Governor of Penang in 1808.

</doc>
<doc id="20868734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868734" title="Walter Weizel">
Walter Weizel

Walter Friedrich Karl Weizel (b. 1 August 1901 in Lauterecken; d. 6 August 1982) was a German theoretical physicist and politician. As a result of his opposition to National Socialism in Germany, he was forced into early retirement for a short duration in 1933. He was a full professor at the University of Bonn, from 1936 to 1969. After World War II, he helped to establish the Jülich Research Center, and he was a state representative of the Social Democratic Party of Germany.
Education.
From 1918 to 1925, Weizel studied chemistry at the "Georg-August-Universität Göttingen", the "Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München", and the "Ruprecht-Karls-Universität Heidelberg". He received his doctorate in physical chemistry at Heidelberg, under Max Trautz. He switched form chemistry to physics to work on the quantum mechanics of molecules as a fellow of the "Notgemeinschaft der Deutschen Wissenschaft" (NG; Emergency Association of German Science) at the "Universität Rostock". He completed his Habilitation in 1929.
Career.
After Habilitation, Weizel worked briefly at "Badische Anilin- und Sodafabrik" (BASF, Baden Aniline and Soda Factory) at Ludwigshafen. Then, during 1931, he had a Rockefeller fellowship to the University of Chicago.
From late in 1931, Weizel was an "ordentlicher Professor" (ordinarius professor) of theoretical physics at the "Technische Hochschule Karlsruhe" (today, the University of Karlsruhe). After Adolf Hitler came to power in 1933, Weizel was temporarily forced into retirement due to his opposition to National Socialism. In 1936, he was called from the "Technische Hochschule Karlsruhe" to an ordinarius professorship at the "Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn".
On 1 December 1939, after more than four years of a selections process, due to academic and political differences between the Munich Faculty and both the "Reichserziehungsministerium" (REM, Reich Education Ministry) and the supporters of "deutsche Physik", Wilhelm Carl Gottlieb Müller was selected to succeed Arnold Sommerfeld in the chair for theoretical physics at the "Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München". Müller was a supporter of "deutsche Physik", which was anti-Semitic and had a bias against theoretical physics, especially quantum mechanics and the theory of relativity. The appointment of Wilhelm Müller – who was not a theoretical physicist, had not published in a physics journal, and was not a member of the Deutsche Physikalische Gesellschaft – as a replacement for Sommerfeld, was considered such a travesty and detrimental to educating a new generation of physicists that both Ludwig Prandtl, director of the "Kaiser Wilhelm Institut für Strömungsforschung" ( Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Flow Research), and Carl Ramsauer, director of the research division of the "Allgemeine Elektrizitäts-Gesellschaft" (General Electric Company) and president of the "Deutsche Physikalische Gesellschaft", made reference to this in their correspondence to officials in the Reich. In an attachment to Prandtl’s 28 April 1941 letter to Reich Marshal Hermann Göring, Prandtl referred to the appointment as “sabotage” of necessary theoretical physics instruction. In an attachment to Ramsauer’s 20 January 1942 letter to Reich Minister Bernhard Rust, Ramsauer concluded that the appointment amounted to the “destruction of the Munich theoretical physics tradition.” When Müller, as editor, published the document "Jüdische und deutsche Physik", Weizel published a very critical review of the booklet pointing out its inconsistencies; his review had the support of the Faculty of Science and Mathematics at the University of Bonn.
After World War II, Weizel focused his scientific research on the physics of electrical discharges in gases. He was involved in the establishment of the "Forschungszentrum Jülich" (Jülich Research Center). Also after World War II, he was a representative of the "Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands" (SPD, Social Democratic Party of Germany). From 1946 to 1954 he was a Bonn city delegate, and from 1948 to 1954 he was deputy SPD chairman of the Council of the City of Bonn. From 14 July 1954 to 12 July 1958, he was a member of the Landtag (State Diet) of North Rhine-Westphalia. Weizel held his professorship at the University of Bonn until he reached emeritus status in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20868735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868735" title="Louis Péringuey">
Louis Péringuey

Louis Albert Péringuey MSc (9 October 1855, Bordeaux – 20 February 1924, Cape Town) was a South African entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera and prehistory. 
Péringuey was a collector for museums in Senegal, Gambia and Madagascar for three years, before emigrating in 1879 to Cape Town in South Africa where he taught French at the South African College and the Diocesan College. He worked as a volunteer on Coleoptera at the South African Museum in 1882, and two years later became a member of the permanent staff. Shortly after he also took up an appointment as inspector-general of vineyards.
At the age of 37 he married Bertha Marcellis, 3 years later in 1895 being put in charge of the Invertebrate Collection, and in 1896 becoming assistant director of the Museum. When the post of Director fell vacant in 1906 following Sclater's resignation, the Board of Trustees had no hesitation in appointing Péringuey as director. In the same year he started delivering lectures in forest entomology at the S.A. College, and was awarded a doctorate in Natural Sciences by the University of the Cape of Good Hope. Despite financial stringencies, the Museum engaged in an active program of collecting, research and publication. A dearth of transport meant that collectors often had to travel by train, donkey-cart and ox-wagon. He made important contributions in the field of physical anthropology, and produced a set of plaster casts of the San to record their physical appearance.
An overcrowded museum made expansion necessary, but the outbreak of World War I stopped all construction. Peringuey persuaded the authorities to purchase four old corrugated iron buildings in 1922, which subsequently served as store rooms.
Péringuey was powerfully built and tall, dynamic and strong-willed. He had an enormous capacity for work, and a prodigious memory, but was also short-tempered and obstinate, with a great distrust of academics. His dislike of Germans led to his naming the genus "Bochus" in the family Gryllacrididae, and the type species "contemnendus" (i.e. 'contemptible German'). When the family was revised many years later by an Austrian authority, the taxon was found to be a synonym of "B. puncticeps", translating as 'the German with the pointy head'.
On 20 February 1924, aged 69, Peringuey died near the Museum while walking home.
He wrote "Descriptive catalogue of the coleoptera of South Africa" (1897) and many short scientific papers describing new taxa.
His collections are divided between the Iziko South African Museum, Transvaal Museum, Museo Civico di Storia Naturale di Genova and the collections of the German Entomological Institute.
Species named after him include Peringuey's Leaf-toed Gecko, Peringuey's adder and the Cocktail ant ("Crematogaster peringueyi").

</doc>
<doc id="20868742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868742" title="Sarah Gavron">
Sarah Gavron

Sarah Gavron (born 20 April 1970) is a British film director. She graduated from the University of York with a BA in English in 1992 and an MA in film studies from Edinburgh College of Art when it was associated with Heriot-Watt University. She then worked for the BBC for three years. She went on to study feature film directing at the National Film and Television School in London.
Early life.
She is the daughter of Robert and Nicky Gavron. She was educated at Camden School for Girls. Her half-brother's son is actor Rafi Gavron.
Awards.
Sarah Gavron was nominated for the BAFTA Award and BIFA Award for best director in 2007 for her film Brick Lane. The film won a Silver Hitchcock and best screenplay at the Dinard Festival of British Cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="20868765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868765" title="Imran Garda">
Imran Garda

Imran Garda (7 August 1982, Kagiso, South Africa) is a former Al Jazeera presenter, working for the 24-hour news network's English division, Al Jazeera English, headquartered in the Middle East. He also hosted Al Jazeera English's programme The Stream. On 7 June 2012, Al Jazeera English announced that Imran would be returning to South Africa. His media career began as a sports presenter/reporter for "Supersport" in South Africa in 2002. While there he was published as a freelance writer on humanitarian, political and religious issues - which included a series on Bosnia-Herzegovina ten years after the Balkan Wars ended. 
Imran joined Al Jazeera in 2006 and anchored the news and "Inside Story" from Doha, Kuala Lumpur and Washington DC. He also hosted the award-winning (RTS) "The Stream" until he left the network in 2012. He reported from the US, Sudan, Turkey, Egypt, Namibia, Bahrain, Lesotho, India, South Africa and the Hajj in Saudi Arabia.
Garda hosted 13-part series on the aftermath of the War in Gaza - "Focus on Gaza" and presented the long-form documentaries "The Father of the Turks", "A Voyage of Life and Death" and "India's Silent War". He also contributes feature articles and blogposts to http://www.aljazeera.com/.
Among the personalities he has interviewed: 
Former US Ambassador to Iraq Christopher Hill, Former Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf, Former Israeli Ambassador to the UN Dan Gillerman, Former US Special Envoy to Sudan Scott Gration, Former UN Special Envoy to Afghanistan Kai Eide, Former Irish President Mary Robinson, Former IAEA Chief Hans Blix, Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, NASA Administrator Charles Bolden, Tibetan PM in exile Lobsang Sangay, Rwandan Foreign Minister Louise Mushikiwabo, UN Human Rights Chief Navi Pillay, Spanish judge Baltasar Garzon, ICC Chief prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo, Former UN Humanitarian Chief John Holmes, Bosnian President Haris Silajdzic and philosopher Slavoj Zizek.
He has interviewed spokespersons and ministers from the governments of The United States, Zimbabwe, Uganda, Kenya, Sudan, Egypt, Iraq, Israel, India and Pakistan, among others. He has also had the opportunity to interview non-state actors from groups such as Hamas, Somali rebel groups, Chechen rebels, Uganda's LRA and many more. He has chaired panels for the United Nations Human Rights Council and http://www.advertisingweek.com/.

</doc>
<doc id="20868771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868771" title="Mohammed Mbye">
Mohammed Mbye

Mohammed Jallow Mbye (born June 18, 1989 in Banjul) is a Swedish-Gambian football striker who currently plays for Elverum.
Early life.
Mbye was born in Gambia and came to Sweden with his family at the age of eleven in 2001. His family resides in Hammarby.
Career.
Mbye began his career with Gambia Ports Authority, before moving to Sweden in 2001 to join Hammarby Talang FF, the farm team of Hammarby IF. He moved in July 2007 to Stade Rennais F.C., where he played five games in the reserves and scored one goal and was the captain. In July 2008 he moved from Rennes to Swedish team Kalmar FF and played one fully professional game. On 21 December 2008 he joined Assyriska Föreningen, signing a three-year contract which runs until 31 December 2012.
International career.
Mbye presented his homeland Gambia on under 20 side, he played his first game on 21 June 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20868778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868778" title="Seattle Journal for Social Justice">
Seattle Journal for Social Justice

The Seattle Journal for Social Justice is a peer-reviewed student-edited law journal of the Seattle University School of Law. Among specialized law reviews, it is currently ranked 395th out of more than 1,200 law journals.
The journal publishes two issues per year—Fall/Winter and Spring/Summer. Each issue typically includes three or four articles concerning social justice issues written by outside authors, as well as two to three student-written articles. The journal has published issues with articles on wide-ranging social justice themes such as civil liberties after September 11, the resistors of Japanese-American internment, same-sex marriage, and race and education. It is staffed by second- and third-year law students.
Notable articles.
Among the most cited articles published in the journal are:

</doc>
<doc id="20868784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868784" title="Sõmeru Parish">
Sõmeru Parish

Sõmeru Parish () is a rural municipality of Estonia, in Lääne-Viru County. It has a population of 3,885 (2006) and an area of 168.29 km².
Settlements.
Sõmeru Parish has 3 small boroughs, Näpi, Sõmeru and Uhtna and 28 villages: Aluvere, Andja, Aresi, Jäätma, Kaarli, Katela, Katku, Kohala, Kohala-Eesküla, Koovälja, Muru, Nurme, Papiaru, Rahkla, Raudlepa, Raudvere, Roodevälja, Rägavere, Sooaluse, Sämi, Sämi-Tagaküla, Toomla, Ubja, Ussimäe, Vaeküla, Varudi-Altküla, Varudi-Vanaküla, Võhma.

</doc>
<doc id="20868790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868790" title="Tatiana DeMaria">
Tatiana DeMaria

Tatiana DeMaria, is a British multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, singer and record producer. Best known publicly as the founder and lead vocalist/guitarist for London based Rock band, TAT, Tatiana also writes and produces for a number of other artists and projects including music for commercials, shows, and movies; most recently the latest 7UP theme song, music for Pepsi and original movie titles for the Universal production of "Blue Crush 2".
By age 18 Tatiana had written the band's debut album, "Soho Lights", which led to two UK charting singles, although the album was only released several years later in October 2008. Soho Lights was released in the US through Red Wagon Records and RED, to impressive independent sales ending the band's five year touring streak in early 2010. Today it is available internationally on iTunes.
Biography.
Born in London, Demaria moved to Paris with her family when she was very young. It was here she spent a great deal of her childhood. Whilst at school, she developed a love of punk rock and was introduced to such bands as NOFX, Rancid, The Clash and Green Day by some of the older children on the school bus. She returned to London as a teenager and started playing guitar and songwriting when she was 16. She initially had hopes of being an astro-physicist but realised her love for rock music was greater than that of physics.
After playing in several high school bands, Demaria formed TAT (originally named The Camden Whigs) in 2003 with friend Tim Vanderkuil. After several member changes, she was joined in 2005 by Nick Kent and Jake Reed who solidified the bands present lineup. Since TAT's inception, the band have toured extensively in Europe and North America. November 2008 saw the release of their debut album, "Soho Lights".

</doc>
<doc id="20868794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868794" title="Rolf Gehring">
Rolf Gehring

Rolf Gehring (born November 25, 1955, in Düsseldorf, Germany), is a former professional tennis player from Germany. He achieved a career-high singles ranking of World No. 37 in 1981.
Gehring participated in 6 Davis Cup ties for West Germany from 1979 to 1982, posting a 4–7 record in singles and a 1–2 record in doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="20868802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868802" title="Arcigay">
Arcigay

Arcigay () is Italy's first and largest national gay organization.
The association was first founded as a local association in Palermo in 1980, then nationally established in Bologna in 1985. The organisation became known throughout Italy for its campaign for civil unions. The President of Arcigay is Paolo Patanè; its honorary president, who helped found the organization, is Franco Grillini.
Arcigay has often protested against the Vatican's opposition to homosexuality and LGBT rights.
Many Italian gay venues require their patrons, both native and foreign, to purchase Arcigay membership, in addition to the admission cost, even those who are just visiting the country for a short time.

</doc>
<doc id="20868809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868809" title="Les Channell">
Les Channell

Lester Clark (Goat) Channell (March 3, 1886 – May 8, 1954) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. Channell played for the New York Highlanders/New York Yankees in and . In 7 career games, he had seven hits in 20 at-bats, with three RBIs. He batted and threw left-handed.
Channell was born in Crestline, Ohio and died in Denver, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="20868818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868818" title="Shenyang Medical College">
Shenyang Medical College

Shenyang Medical College (沈阳医学院) is a medical institution of higher learning in Shenyang, Liaoning Province, P. R. China. It was formerly known as "Shenyang Municipal Advanced Practice Nurse School" founded in 1949 and was changed to Shenyang Advanced Medical School directly managed under the provincial administration in 1958 and then was upgraded to "Shenyang Medical College" in 1987. In the past 50 years, the college has expanded in size, increased in the number of specialties offered and improved in operations. It has established a multi-tier education system involving bachelor degree (MBBS) education, advanced diploma education, and adult education. Up to now, it has successively turned out more than 20,000 medical graduates and made contribution to the social and economical development as well as the development of medical and health services.
basic data.
A. Basic conditions:
covers an area of 444,000 m2, building area: 205,000 square meters, fixed assets of 680 million yuan. 
Library collection 776 000 2163 kinds of Chinese and foreign periodicals, six Foreign database; teaching, and research equipment worth 66.18 million yuan, more than 600 million yuan equipment sets (pieces); campus network information points covering the entire campus . 2 Faculty: College of the existing staff of 3389 people (including direct affiliated hospitals), School of Part 669 people full-time teachers, 359; 73 professors, 97 associate professors; 49 doctors, 205 masters; new century heavenly Wan Talents Project national candidates who enjoy the State Council special allowance of 15 people, 14 people of the province one hundred million one hundred talents project level 9, the provincial teachers teaching in the province of professional leaders and key teachers as provincial Society, deputy director of members of the above positions by 50 people, hired Honorary Professor at home and abroad, more than 60 part-time professor. (3) teaching units: two teaching units: 13. Of Basic Medicine, School of Public Health, School of Nursing, Clinical Institute, Clinical Teaching Experiment Center, Division of Social Science, Foreign Language Department, Sports Department, Information Technology Center, Experimental Animal Research Center, Medical Institute of Technology, School of Continuing Education and Independent Colleges. Affiliated Hospital: 7. Shenyang Medical College Mukden Hospital (formerly Shenyang Medical College Hospital) of the affiliated centers Shen Island Hospital (formerly the Second Affiliated Hospital of Shenyang Medical College), Shenyang Medical College, Affiliated Hospitals (Shenyang, two hundred forty-two hospital), four subsidiary hospital (Tiefa Coal General Hospital Group), the subsidiary of the five branches (Shenyang, two hundred forty-five Hospital), subsidiary of six hospitals (in Shenyang City Orthopaedic Hospital), seven subsidiary hospital (the Wafangdian Central Hospital). Teaching hospitals and practice bases: 78. (4) Specialty: Undergraduate: 11. Clinical medicine, preventive medicine, nursing, laboratory medicine, anesthesiology, medical imaging, Optometry, Oral Medicine, Public Administration, Rehabilitation Therapy, Nutrition. Higher vocational education: 13. Care, rehabilitation technology, oral medicine, community rehabilitation, Optometry and technology, medical laboratory technology, medical and cosmetic technology, health inspection and quarantine technology, medical imaging technology, medical biotechnology, pharmaceutical marketing, pharmacy, medical nutrition. Professional advantages and features: preventive medicine professional demonstration professional for Liaoning Province; clinical medicine, preventive medicine, nursing, demonstration of professional Shenyang City. 3018 people in school: 3962 people of the ordinary full-time undergraduate, vocational and junior college students; 3448 adult students; ancillary medical school students in 2451; 163 students (undergraduate). Education and teaching highlights: pathogen biology and physiology teaching team for the provincial-level teaching team, biochemistry provincial excellent courses, pathological anatomy, histology and embryology, pathogen biology, physiology, basic nursing, nutrition and food Health 6 courses for provincial quality courses. 19 teaching achievements have been awarded the Provincial Teaching Achievement Award, "the practice of medicine, the reform of teaching mode" by the Liaoning Province Excellent Teaching Achievement Award in 2005. Editor, edited 91 textbooks. Discipline construction highlights: Liaoning Province focusing on cultivating discipline: Liaoning Province College Key Laboratory of Pathogen Biology : Environment and Population Health Laboratory. University key disciplines: 10. Pathogen biology, physiology, pathology and pathophysiology, Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Histology and Embryology, Nutrition and Food Hygiene, health toxicology, cardiovascular (outside) the science of science, respiratory medicine and hand surgery. Municipal focus of the medical department: Mukden Hospital Hand Surgery and Respiratory Medicine. Shen Island Hospital Cardiothoracic Surgery, Cardiology and Vascular Surgery. Science base in Shenyang City: human science exhibition hall, the Shenyang municipal government invited academician workstation: seven honorary professor of the Academy of Sciences employed in our hospital

</doc>
<doc id="20868822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868822" title="Canadian Corps (disambiguation)">
Canadian Corps (disambiguation)

The Canadian Corps was a World War I corps formed from the Canadian Expeditionary Force.
Canadian Corps may also refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20868830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868830" title="Death of Ludwig van Beethoven">
Death of Ludwig van Beethoven

The death of Ludwig van Beethoven on 26 March 1827 followed a prolonged illness. It was witnessed by his sister-in-law and by his close friend Anselm Hüttenbrenner, who provided a vivid description of the event. Beethoven's funeral was held three days later, and the procession was witnessed by a large crowd. He was buried in the cemetery at Währing, although his remains were moved in 1888 to Vienna's Zentralfriedhof.
Hüttenbrenner's account has been used to ascribe motivations of resistance and anger to Beethoven in his final moments. Beethoven's last words, and the exact cause of Beethoven's death have also been the subject of some disagreement.
Final illness.
Beethoven suffered declining health throughout the last years of his life, including the so-called "Late period" when he produced some of his most admired work. The last work he was able to complete was the substitute final movement of the String Quartet No. 13, deemed necessary to replace the difficult Große Fuge. Shortly thereafter, in December 1826, illness struck again, with episodes of vomiting and diarrhea that nearly ended his life.
As it became apparent that Beethoven would not recover, his friends gathered to help and to pay their final respects. Beethoven's doctors conducted four minor operations to relieve ascites (abdominal swelling), of which the first resulted in infection, the others not. On 24 March he was given his last rites, and on 26 March he slipped into unconsciousness and died. While others, including Beethoven's brother and some friends, were probably in the house, Hüttenbrenner reports in his 1860 account that only he and Beethoven's sister-in-law were present in the room at the time of death.
Final words.
Beethoven's last recorded words were "Pity, pity—too late!", as the dying composer was told of a gift of twelve bottles of wine from his publisher. One common belief was that his last words were "Plaudite, amici, comedia finita est" ("Applaud, my friends, the comedy is over"), the typical conclusion to performances of Italian "Commedia dell'arte"; this was specifically denied by Hüttenbrenner in 1860. Some sources have listed his last words as, "I shall hear in heaven".
Beethoven biographer A. W. Thayer, in his notebook, recorded Hüttenbrenner's account of Beethoven's death. Hüttenbrenner's eye-witness report is sometimes recast to imply that Beethoven "shook his fist at the heavens" in the moment before death. Since any imputations as to the dying man's emotional state are impossible to verify, they tend to be glossed over or ignored as irrelevant by modern Beethoven scholars.
Autopsy and post-mortem findings.
An autopsy was performed on 27 March 1827 by Dr. Johann Wagner. While it is unclear who ordered the autopsy, a specific request by Beethoven in his Heiligenstadt Testament may have played a role in the decision. The autopsy revealed a severely cirrhotic and shrunken liver, of which ascites is a common consequence. Scholars disagree over whether Beethoven's liver damage was the result of heavy alcohol consumption, hepatic infection, or both. Hepatitis B and C are causes of cirrhosis, but they spread from contact with contaminated body fluids and were almost unknown in Beethoven's day. Hepatitis A on the other hand can be contracted from food and water that were not handled properly and was very common in the 19th century, although it does not cause liver cirrhosis or permanent organ damage.
Heavy metal contamination is thought to be a contributing factor in Beethoven's death as these were commonly used in the medicine of the time. It has also been theorized that he consumed large amounts of lead from illegally-fortified wine. This was a very common practice to sweeten cheap wines, and despite being outlawed in most European countries during the 18th century, the prohibition was difficult to enforce and production of lead-fortified wine (which originated in Roman times) continued unabated. There is no indication the composer had syphilis beyond a mercury treatment prescribed to him around 1815, but these were used for various other ailments as well.
The autopsy indicated damage to his aural nerves as well as hardening of their accompanying arteries, although the latter appears to be consistent with natural aging and not inflammatory damage from syphilis. Beethoven's brain was described as possessing "exaggerated folds", an excess of fluid in the skull, and some thickening of the membranes inside the left ventricle. Scholars believe he may have had a degree of cerebral atrophy, although he showed no sign of cognitive impairment to the end. The skull was described as "possessing unusual thickness".
Beethoven's kidneys had calcareous growths in them, indicating that he was likely developing renal papillary necrosis, a common result of analgesic abuse (it is known that he used large amounts of drugs obtained from his brother Johann, a pharmacist). Diabetes is also a cause of RPN, and scholars have not ruled out the possibility that the composer had diabetes mellitus. His spleen was swollen to twice the normal size and he had portal hypertension, all consistent with end-stage liver failure. He also appears to have had severe pancreatitis, as the doctors described his pancreas as "shrunken and fibrous", with the exit duct being very thin and narrowed. Large amounts of reddish fluid had accumulated in Beethoven's abdomen, likely from spontaneous bacterial infections mixed with some blood. This was possibly a result of draining fluid from his abdomen in his last days, a practice that very often caused infection and death of the patient in a time before antibiotics and bacterial pathology were known.
In the days immediately preceding and following his death, a number of people, including Anton Schindler and Ferdinand Hiller, cut locks of hair from Beethoven's head. Most of Hiller's lock is now in the Center for Beethoven Studies at San Jose State University. One of Beethoven's friends incorrectly thought that "strangers had cut all of his hair off"; in fact, the apparent lack of hair was due to a cloth cap that covered the hair while the body was lying in state.
On 28 March 1827, castings for a death mask were taken. The body was clothed and placed in an oaken coffin, with the head given a wreath of white roses. Its hands held a wax cross and a lily.
In 1970 Dr. John Spencer Madden, the editor of the Journal of Alcohol and Alcoholism wrote a port-mortem analysis, in which entirely professionally he made no mention of Beethoven's music. This post-mortem became well-known by being referenced by a short comical essay by the humorist Alan Coren entitled "Careful, Mr. Beethoven, that was your fifth!"
Funeral and burial.
The funeral was held on 29 March 1827 at the parish church in Alsergrund, and he was buried in the Währing cemetery, northwest of Vienna. Many thousands of citizens lined the streets for the funeral procession. As with all crowds, estimates vary, with witnesses reporting anywhere from 10,000 to 30,000 onlookers. Theaters were closed, and many notable artists participated in the funeral procession as pallbearers or torch bearers, including Johann Nepomuk Hummel, Franz Grillparzer, Carl Czerny, and Franz Schubert.
In the days following the funeral, one of the grave-diggers was reportedly offered a substantial sum of money to remove the head from the grave. As a result, Beethoven's friends had a watch put on the grave.
In 1863 Beethoven's body (and also that of Schubert, who was buried nearby) was exhumed, studied and reburied, in proceedings paid for by the Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde. At that time, fragments from the back of his skull, which had been separated during the autopsy, were acquired by the Austrian doctor Romeo Seligmann, which are also now in the Center for Beethoven Studies. His remains were moved in 1888 to the Zentralfriedhof.
Lead poisoning overdose.
There is dispute about the cause of Beethoven's death; alcoholic cirrhosis, syphilis, infectious hepatitis, lead poisoning, sarcoidosis and Whipple's disease have all been proposed. In 2008, Austrian pathologist Christian Reiter asserted that Beethoven's doctor, Andreas Wawruch, accidentally killed the composer by giving him an overdose of a lead-based cure. According to Reiter, Wawruch used the cure to alleviate fluid in the abdomen; the lead penetrated Beethoven's liver and killed him. Reiter's hypothesis however is at odds with Dr. Wawruch's written instruction "that the wound was kept dry all the time". Furthermore, human hair is a very bad biomarker for lead contamination, and Reiter's hypothesis must be considered dubious as long as proper scholarly documentation remains unpublished.
A lead-poisoning expert at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York tested the same piece of Beethoven's skull that had been examined in 2005, along with another, larger, fragment. The researcher, Dr. Andrew C. Todd, said that overall he had found no more lead than in the average person's skull. "Beethoven didn't have long-term high lead exposure," Dr. Todd said, "so I think we can stop looking at lead as being a major factor in his life." Dr. Todd's findings at Mount Sinai surprised Dr. William R. Meredith, a Beethoven scholar who had carried the skull fragments to New York from his base in California. He said he had expected Dr. Todd's tests to show elevated lead levels, because the previous tests had reported the amount in Beethoven's hair as well above normal. "It's back to the drawing board for the scientists and the doctors," Dr. Meredith said. He said the value of Dr. Todd's tests was that they told how much—or, as it turned out, how little—lead was in the skull fragments. Dr. Todd had promised precise measurements, and after two days of tests at Mount Sinai, he said that the larger of the two skull fragments had 13 micrograms of lead per gram, "not markedly above what we would expect" in a man of Beethoven's age, 56. The smaller fragment registered considerably more—48 micrograms per gram—and he could not explain the difference. Lead exposure is cumulative, Dr. Todd said, so the level can be expected to increase as a person ages, even if he or she is not exposed to abnormal concentrations from, say, lead paint. Dr. Meredith said that if the tests did not show what had killed Beethoven, at least they indicated what to rule out as a cause of death. "People ask whether he died from drinking plum wine, from chewing on his pencil, from eating fish that were poisoned," said Dr. Meredith, a professor at San Jose State University and the director of the Ira F. Brilliant Center for Beethoven Studies. "Now we know all of those questions are unnecessary. We don't need to go fishing around for toxic exposure to lead." Dr. William J. Walsh, a forensic researcher in Illinois who coordinated the earlier tests, noted that Dr. Todd had tested only skull fragments, not the hair samples. But he agreed with the notion that Beethoven's exposure to lead was a short-term problem that had come toward the end of his life. Like Dr. Walsh's tests, some of which were conducted at the Argonne National Laboratory in Illinois, the Mount Sinai analysis involved multiple measurements with X-ray fluorescence. Dr. Todd said the matter in the skull was similar to the matter found in leg bones that he studies to determine whether someone has lead poisoning. The condition is known to cause irritability, low energy, headaches and to make muscles seem weak: all symptoms consistent with Beethoven's.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="20868834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868834" title="Charles P. Crane Generating Station">
Charles P. Crane Generating Station

The Charles P. Crane Generating Station is a coal-fired electric generating station located on the Carroll Island Road in Bowleys Quarters, Maryland, east of Baltimore. The power plant is operated by the Raven Power Holdings, LLC, a subsidiary of Riverstone Holdings LLC. The station has two coal-fired generating units, rated at 190 and 209 MWe nominal capacity, and powered by cyclone steam boilers. It also has a 16-MWe oil-fired combustion turbine. The Crane station occupies on the Middle River Neck Peninsula adjacent to the Seneca Creek tributary of the Gunpowder River, and is on the rural side of the Baltimore County Urban Rural Demarcation Line.
Coal delivery.
Coal is delivered to the generating station by a dedicated rail spur used by the Norfolk Southern Railway that connects to Amtrak's Northeast Corridor line. Regulatory approval to construct facilities allowing delivery by barge using a dredged channel from the Chesapeake Bay was granted in 2006. The cyclone boilers require the use of medium-sulfur, low-fusion coal, which has been supplied mainly using North Appalachian Pittsburgh Seam 8 coal. The station uses approximately 950,000 tons of coal each year.
History.
The two cyclone boiler units were originally oil-fired. Unit 1 went into operation in 1961 and unit 2 in 1963. These two units were modified to use coal as their primary fuel following an order by the Department of Energy under the Energy Supply and Environmental Coordination Act of 1974.
The station is named for Charles P. Crane, who from 1950 to 1957 was president of the Baltimore Gas and Electric Company, the predecessor company of Constellation Energy, and its chairman from 1955 to 1961.
2012 sale.
The plant was originally constructed by a predecessor company of Constellation Energy, which was later purchased by Exelon in 2012. On August 9, 2012, Exelon announced that it had reached an agreement, subject to regulatory approvals, for the sale of the Charles P. Crane, Brandon Shores, and Herbert A. Wagner Generating Stations to Raven Power Holdings LLC, a newly formed portfolio company of Riverstone Holdings LLC. Exelon had committed to divest the plants as condition for regulatory approval of its merger with Constellation Energy to alleviate concerns regarding potential market power in the regional wholesale electricity market. The sale was completed on November 30, 2012.
Dispatch of electricity.
The electrical output of Charles P. Crane Generating Station is dispatched by the PJM Interconnection regional transmission organization.

</doc>
<doc id="20868855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868855" title="Northwick">
Northwick

Northwick can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20868857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868857" title="Newman family">
Newman family

The Newman family are one of the core families on the American soap opera, "The Young and the Restless", which is set in the fictional town of Genoa City, Wisconsin. They were introduced in February 1980, when Victor Newman arrived in town. The family is currently represented by Victor and his four living children: Victoria, Nicholas, Adam and Abby Newman. The family is also well known for its long standing feud with the Abbott family. The Newmans run the multinational conglomerate Newman Enterprises. They have lived at their ranch for three decades. In October 2012, the ranch's mainhouse was burned down by Sharon Newman; though it was soon rebuild afterward.
Newman-Chancellor Enterprises.
Newman-Chancellor Enterprises, more commonly known as Newman-Chancellor, is a worldwide conglomerate, founded by Victor Newman in 2013, following the death of Katherine Chancellor and the merger of Newman Enterprises and Chancellor Industries.
Newman Enterprises.
Newman Enterprises was a worldwide conglomerate founded in 1980 by Victor Newman, following his departure from Chancellor Industries. The company operated with three divisions: Real Estate, Cosmetics and Venture Capital; and numerous subsidiaries. Throughout the company's history, its main rival has been Jabot Cosmetics.
For years Newman's chief rival in the cosmetics industry was Jabot Cosmetics but after it went public Victor bought up most of the stock and acquired the company. For years Victor was Chairman of the Board and CEO with Jack Abbott, Brad Carlton, Jill Foster Abbott, Ashley Abbott, and Neil Winters all serving as underlings. Jack, Brad, and Neil served as coCEO but only short term as Victor always intended to pass Newman Enterprises on to his children. This caused longtime employee Neil Winters to resign and become CEO of Chancellor Industries.
For years Victor as Chairman and CEO ruthlessly ran Newman Enterprises and made it one of the largest and most successful conglomerates in the world. Both Victoria and Nicholas worked their way up at Newman Enterprises to eventually become board members and CEO's respectively. After the death of Victor's ex-wife Hope Wilson Victor invited his younger son Victor Adam Newman, Jr. to come work at Newman Enterprises. Adam was a Harvard educated Wall Street stockbroker and inherited much of Victor's business savvy but his ambition and jealousy put him at odds with Victor and his siblings but Adam served briefly as Chairman of the Board and CEO and managed to retain a seat on the board after Newman Enterprises went public.
For years Newman Enterprises was a private company but after his daughters Victoria and Abby and eldest son Nicholas successfully sued Victor for $1.5 billion Victor took the company public. Despite this Victor forgave his children and they have returned to work at Newman Enterprises.
Since the lawsuit, there have been many changes in Newman Enterprises in terms of CEO. When Victor was jailed, Adam Newman took on the roll of CEO, but Victor later returned. A few months later, Victor disappeared because of mental health issues, and his then-wife, Sharon Newman took over the roll of CEO out of revenge towards the Newmans, mainly Victor, Nicholas, Victoria, Abby, Adam and Nikki. A court ruling made Victoria Newman acting CEO while Sharon underwent court ordered psychological evaluation, but the decision was reversed soon after. Sharon's tenture as CEO saw stocks at Newman plummet, but her term ended once Victor returned alive retaking control of his company. Due to the plummet in stocks, Tucker McCall conspired with Jack Abbott in a hostile takeover to control Newman Enterprises. They purchased significant stock. With Tucker's support, Jack was successful in his bid to become CEO. Jack fired Victor, Victoria, and Nicholas as he planned to change the face of the company by renaming it "Abbott Enterprises". Jack became addicted to painkillers but covered-up with help from Adam Newman.
Jack resigned as CEO and Adam convinced the board to appoint him CEO. Victor began plotting a takeover but when Adam was shot defending Victor they agreed to work together. Adam raised enough money from an anonymous source to buyout the remaining stockholders and the Newmans retook complete control of Newman Enterprises. Victor discovers that Adam's secret investor that allowed the Newmans to retake control of Newman Enterprises was Jack Abbott, this causes a rift between Victor and Adam in which Adam signs over his shares in the company to Victor. Upon the death of Victor's close friend Katherine Chancellor Victor inherits majority ownership of Chancellor Industries and immediately plans a merger between Chancellor Industries and Newman Enterprises with Victoria heading the project. The new company emerged with the name Newman-Chancellor Enterprises.
The Newman ranch.
Victor and his wife at the time, Julia Newman, bought the Newman ranch from Katherine Chancellor in 1980. According to Jamey Giddens of Daytime Confidential, it is one of the show's most "iconic sets". In October 2012, during a mental breakdown, Sharon Newman drank at the Newman ranch. She ended up setting the curtains at the ranch on fire, burning down the mainhouse completely. Adam Newman took her away into hiding immediately.
List of the Newman staff:

</doc>
<doc id="20868925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868925" title="Blackfriars Massacre">
Blackfriars Massacre

The 1978 Blackfriars Massacre was an American Mafia massacre that occurred on June 28, 1978 in Downtown Boston in Boston, Massachusetts. The massacre claimed four criminals known to the police and a former Channel 7 (now WHDH-TV) Boston television investigative news anchorman and reporter, John A. Kelly. The massacre was allegedly over the sale of cocaine. The shooters who carried out the murders have never been caught.
Target of the Blackfriars Massacre.
The main targets that were the intended reason for the murders were John A. Kelly and/or his business partner and friend, Vincent E. Solomonte. The victim, bar manager John A. Kelly, is not to be mistaken for corrupt DEA agent John Kelly, friend of FBI Special Agent John Connolly, or Patriarca crime family mob associate John ("Red") Kelley who were all active at the same time in the Boston underworld.
Maurice Lewis, a lifelong friend of Kelly, stated,
Although he was fired over a political scandal with city hall, co-workers thought that Kelly was on the verge of making a comeback to the world of investigative journalism. According to former colleague Maurice Lewis, Kelly was scheduled to give up his job as manager of The Blackfriars Pub in two to three weeks in order to begin work as a freelance producer at WLVI-TV, Channel 56. His first pilot was scheduled to be taped on July 14 of that year. He also spoke of buying a bar or restaurant and managing it himself. While he managed Blackfriars for Solomonte, he hired Stephen Flemmi's longtime mistress Marilyn DeSilva to work at the popular discothèque as a waitress.
John, as a Channel 7 investigative reporter, in a November 1976 interview, said, "I suppose my role with those people (organized-crime figures) is a dual role in a sense. I went into the relationship looking for stories. If you want a story on a gangster, go to a cop. If you want a story on a cop, go to a gangster. I went into that situation for that reason, and I suppose I came away with more."
John Kelly's alleged criminal associations.
Mel Bernstein, who was WNAC-TV's news director stated that Kelly was a great admirer of Edward Francis Harrington, the former head of the New England Organized Crime Task Force and the United States Attorney in Boston, and says it was Harrington who first suggested to Kelly that if he really wanted to do investigative reporting he ought to develop underworld contacts. "It's true that he kind of relished those associations... but he always maintained that those relationships were there because he needed sources. I accepted that only on the basis of who he was and what his job was. Every reporter has to have his sources."
Police Commissioner diGrazia informed reporters after the scandal at city hall that there was a witch hunt-type campaign to get Mayor Kevin White. His office's public relations workers were covertly leaking information on Kelly to reporters they considered cooperative. Soon after Chief diGrazia leveled his charges, "The Boston Globe" released an investigative article that revealed a police report indicating that John Kelly had been seen by law enforcement officials "in the company of known members of organized crime" on roughly 25 separate occasions. When firearms and cocaine were found at the scene of the massacre, allegations and speculations of Kelly being an active member in Boston's organized crime came to light. John Kelly's friend and fellow co-worker Maurice Lewis later commented to "The Boston Phoenix" that there was no evidence that Kelly had been profiting from drug deals, though he stated that at the very least Kelly was a fringe member of organized crime. Lewis said, "He had no new car and no new clothes. He was driving a gold Cadillac Eldorado, but it was about three years old and it wasn’t his. It was Vinny's (victim Vincent E. Solomonte), and it was all beaten up. Jack never hid anything. If he were a big drug dealer, he’d let the world know. Jack ain’t gonna be wearing moccasins if he can be wearing $150 shoes. And he left home wearing moccasins that morning."
Suspects.
The Boston Police Department suspected the responsibility of the murders to be orchestrated by one or some of these suspects:
The suspected robbery and massacre aftermath.
Three gunmen had burst into Blackfriars, a Downtown Boston bar located at 105 Summer Street. The Irish themed pub was named after Blackfriars which was mentioned in William Shakespeare's play "Henry VIII." John A. Kelly of Framingham, Massachusetts, the club manager, was found lying face-down, two gunshot wounds in the head, in the cramped, blood-spattered subterranean basement, along with the bodies of Charles Magarian of North Andover, Massachusetts, Peter Meroth of Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts, Freddie Delavega of Somerville and Vincent E. Solmonte of Quincy, Massachusetts, who was the club's owner. The men had been killed while in the middle of a game of backgammon that had started up after the disco closed for the night. The bullet-riddled corpses were discovered by the janitor when he came in for work.
Investigators suspected that the five men were surprised at around 2:00 a.m., and herded into the office where they were all shot by one or more intruders wielding at least one shotgun and a .25 caliber semi-automatic pistol. At the scene, investigators discovered a small arsenal of firearms and small quantities of cocaine and marijuana, as well as $15,000 in loose cash in an open safe. The drugs and cash led the police to conclude that the motive behind the massacre was not a robbery. The prevailing police opinion was that it looked to be a classic gangland style slaying.
The massacre allegedly was over several kilos of cocaine. One of the murder victims, Vincent E. Solomonte, was later discovered to be a close associate and friend of Winter Hill Gang member Stephen Flemmi. The homicide investigators concluded that the five men were all murdered "gangland style." Jack Kelly left behind a wife and four young children.
The investigation.
Retired corrupt FBI Special Agent Michael J. Buckley said in court that he told FBI Special Agent John Connolly that Ierardi later admitted that he had fabricated the involvement of Bulger and Flemmi in the unsolved massacre.
The heat is turned up on Nicholas Femia.
Suspect Nicholas Femia was a hulking, overweight man with a cocaine addiction who wore flashy, flamboyant clothing and had a troubled relationship with James J. Bulger, with whom he had become an associate through the Winter Hill Gang in 1976. Nicholas lived with a girlfriend of Stephen Flemmi's mistress, Marilyn DeSilva, in an apartment across the street from Chandler's Restaurant, a South End restaurant co-owned by Martorano. He first began as a career criminal under the tutelage of Joseph Barboza. Nicholas was introduced into the gang to assist with extra muscle for their extortion and "protection" rackets.
When suspect Nicholas Femia began hanging around the Winter Hill Gang's current headquarters, Lancaster Foreign Motors garage, James J. Bulger wanted it established that Nicholas had nothing whatsoever to do with the massacre, although his involvement is considered highly suspect by law enforcement circles. Bulger did this to reduce any pending surveillance and subpoenas or investigations by ambitious policemen who would try to prosecute Bulger because of his association with a high profile suspected killer like Nicholas.
Soon after Nicholas joined the Winter Hill Gang, a brief notice appeared in one of FBI Special Agent John Connolly's reports clearing Nicholas of any involvement in the Blackfriar's Massacre. As James J. Bulger grew older, he became more obsessed with physical fitness. James often wore tight jeans and t-shirts, and grew increasingly disgusted with Nicholas's protruding gut.
Later, after Bulger and Nicholas parted ways, Connolly put another report in Bulger's file, suggesting that Nicholas had in fact been one of the triggermen in the Blackfriars killings. Nicholas would later remain under police surveillance for an assortment of crimes until he was shot to death during the unsuccessful shakedown of an autobody shop on Condor Street, East Boston, in 1983. Femia remains one of the suspects in the massacre, but his involvement has yet been proven.
Murder trials.
Suspects Robert Italiano and William N. Ierardi, two suspects who were concentrated on by authorities during the initial homicide investigation were later tried and acquitted in court in 1978. The massacre remains unsolved.
The end of Blackfriars.
The Blackfriars Pub itself is long gone. The Summer Street building in the Church Green Buildings Historic District that once held the pub now houses office space and retail stores such as Dunkin' Donuts.
Even though the crime was never officially solved, it is documented as being connected to organized crime. The Blackfriar murders is featured on Boston.com as a "Mob Tour" attraction [http://www.boston.com/travel/boston/mob/the_tour/].

</doc>
<doc id="20868942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868942" title="Northwick, South Gloucestershire">
Northwick, South Gloucestershire

Northwick is a hamlet in South Gloucestershire, England, first mentioned in 955.
The hamlet lies on the River Severn, between Pilning and Aust. It was formerly part of the tything of Northwick with Redwick in the ancient parish of Henbury. It is now in the parish of Pilning and Severn Beach.
The church of St Thomas was declared redundant in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20868993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20868993" title="Northwick, Worcestershire">
Northwick, Worcestershire

Northwick is a district of Worcester, England, located in the north of the city on the left (east) bank of the River Severn.
History.
Historically, Northwick was a manor in the parish of Claines, and in the Middle Ages the manor house was a residence of the Bishops of Worcester.
Currently in Northwick, two notable buildings/business are Northwick Manor Primary School and Worcester Lawn Tennis Club.
References.
http://www.northwickmanorprimary.co.uk/
http://worcesterltc.co.uk/

</doc>
<doc id="20869000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869000" title="History of rugby union matches between South Africa and the British and Irish Lions">
History of rugby union matches between South Africa and the British and Irish Lions

The Springboks first played against the British and Irish Lions in 1891, losing 4–0 at St George's Park, Port Elizabeth. The most recent test, held at Coca-Cola Park, Johannesburg, on 4 July 2009, finished in a 28–9 win for the Lions but a series loss of 1–2.

</doc>
<doc id="20869045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869045" title="Ana Goñi">
Ana Goñi

Ana Goñi (born 19 April 1953) is a Venezuelan rally co-driver and motorsport personality. She is best known as the co-driver of Swedish rally legend Stig Blomqvist. Aside from her motorsport interests, Goñi is the owner of Spanish vineyard Bodega Otazu. Being an avid collector of classic rally cars, she has an impressive collection on display to the public at the "David Sutton Rally Car Museum" in Daventry, England.
Career.
Goñi's first World Rally Championship event was the 1999 Network Q Rally of Great Britain, sitting alongside Mike Corns in a Mitsubishi Lancer EVO where they finished in 49th place.
In 2000, Goñi partnered Stig Blomqvist in a Mitsubishi, again in the Rally Great Britain. After a good run, they retired from the event with suspension damage. WRC season 2001 saw the pair compete in 12 rounds of the "World Rally Championship for production cars", ending the season in a creditable 5th place in a Mitsubishi. The pair stayed loyal to the Japanese marque until 2003, when, after a brief foray with a Škoda Octavia WRC, they opted for a "David Sutton Motorsport" prepared Subaru Impreza.
The pair retired from the WRC in 2006 although they still make sporadic appearances and often compete together in classic rally events.

</doc>
<doc id="20869102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869102" title="Kotla Sultan Singh">
Kotla Sultan Singh

Kotla Sultan Singh is a village in the Amritsar district of Punjab, India. It is notable for being the birthplace of Mohammad Rafi. There have been many attempts by his fans to get a memorial to him built in his native village.

</doc>
<doc id="20869108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869108" title="Stability constants of complexes">
Stability constants of complexes

A stability constant (formation constant, binding constant) is an equilibrium constant for the formation of a complex in solution. It is a measure of the strength of the interaction between the reagents that come together to form the complex. There are two main kinds of complex: compounds formed by the interaction of a metal ion with a ligand and supramolecular complexes, such as host-guest complexes and complexes of anions. The stability constant(s) provide the information required to calculate the concentration(s) of the complex(es) in solution. There are many areas of application in chemistry, biology and medicine.
History.
Jannik Bjerrum developed the first general method for the determination of stability constants of metal-ammine complexes in 1941. The reasons why this occurred at such a late date, nearly 50 years after Alfred Werner had proposed the correct structures for coordination complexes, have been summarised by Beck and Nagypál. The key to Bjerrum’s method was the use of the then recently developed glass electrode and pH meter to determine the concentration of hydrogen ions in solution. Bjerrum recognised that the formation of a metal complex with a ligand was a kind of acid-base equilibrium: there is competition for the ligand, L, between the metal ion, Mn+, and the hydrogen ion, H+. This means that there are two simultaneous equilibria that have to be considered. In what follows electrical charges are omitted for the sake of generality. The two equilibria are
Hence by following the hydrogen ion concentration during a titration of a mixture of M and HL with base, and knowing the acid dissociation constant of HL, the stability constant for the formation of ML could be determined. Bjerrum went on to determine the stability constants for systems in which many complexes may be formed.
The following twenty years saw a veritable explosion in the number of stability constants that were determined. Relationships, such as the Irving-Williams series were discovered. The calculations were done by hand using the so-called graphical methods. The mathematics underlying the methods used in this period are summarised by Rossotti and Rossotti. The next key development was the use of a computer program, LETAGROP to do the calculations. This permitted the examination of systems too complicated to be evaluated by means of hand-calculations. Subsequently computer programs capable of handling complex equilibria in general, such as SCOGS and MINIQUAD were developed so that today the determination of stability constants has almost become a “routine” operation. Values of thousands of stability constants can be found in two commercial databases.
Theory.
The formation of a complex between a metal ion, M, and a ligand, L, is in fact usually a substitution reaction. For example, in aqueous solutions, metal ions will be present as aqua-ions, so the reaction for the formation of the first complex could be written as
The equilibrium constant for this reaction is given by
Following this simplification a general definition can be given, For the general equilibrium
The definition can easily be extended to include any number of reagents. The reagents need not always be a metal and a ligand but can be any species which form a complex. Stability constants defined in this way, are "association" constants. This can lead to some confusion as p"K"a values are "dissociation" constants. In general purpose computer programs it is customary to define all constants as association constants. The relationship between the two types of constant is given in association and dissociation constants.
Stepwise and cumulative constants.
A cumulative or overall constant, given the symbol β, is the constant for the formation of a complex from reagents. For example, the cumulative constant for the formation of ML2 is given by
The stepwise constants, "K"1 and "K"2 refer to the formation of the complexes one step at a time.
It follows that
A cumulative constant can always be expressed as the product of stepwise constants. Conversely, any stepwise constant can be expressed as a quotient of two or more overall constants. There is no agreed notation for stepwise constants, though a symbol such as "K" is sometimes found in the literature. It is best always to define each stability constant by reference to an equilibrium expression.
Hydrolysis products.
The formation of an hydroxo-complex is a typical example of an hydrolysis reaction. An hydrolysis reaction is one in which a substrate reacts with water, splitting a water molecule into hydroxide and hydrogen ions. In this case the hydroxide ion then forms a complex with the substrate.
In water the concentration of hydroxide is related to the concentration of hydrogen ions by the self-ionization constant, "K"w.
The expression for hydroxide concentration is substituted into the formation constant expression
The literature usually gives value of "β"*.
Acid-base complexes.
A Lewis acid, A, and a Lewis base, B, can be considered to form a complex AB
There are three major theories relating to the strength of Lewis acids and bases and the interactions between them.
For more details see: acid-base reaction, acid catalysis, acid-base extraction
Thermodynamics.
The thermodynamics of metal ion complex formation provides much significant information. In particular it is useful in distinguishing between enthalpic and entropic effects. Enthalpic effects depend on bond strengths and entropic effects have to do with changes in the order/disorder of the solution as a whole. The chelate effect, below, is best explained in terms of thermodynamics. 
An equilibrium constant is related to the standard Gibbs free energy change for the reaction
"R" is the gas constant and "T" is the absolute temperature. At 25 °C, Δ"G"⊖ = (−5.708 kJ mol−1) ⋅ log "β". Free energy is made up of an enthalpy term and an entropy term.
The standard enthalpy change can be determined by calorimetry or by using the van 't Hoff equation, though the calorimetric method is preferable. When both the standard enthalpy change and stability constant have been determined, the standard entropy change is easily calculated from the equation above.
The fact that stepwise formation constants of complexes of the type ML"n" decrease in magnitude as "n" increases may be partly explained in terms of the entropy factor. Take the case of the formation of octahedral complexes.
For the first step "m" = 6, "n" = 1 and the ligand can go into one of 6 sites. For the second step "m" = 5 and the second ligand can go into one of only 5 sites. This means that there is more randomness in the first step than the second one; Δ"S"⊖ is more positive, so Δ"G"⊖ is more negative and log "K"1 > log "K"2 . The ratio of the stepwise stability constants can be calculated on this basis, but experimental ratios are not exactly the same because Δ"H"⊖ is not necessarily the same for each step. The entropy factor is also important in the chelate effect, below.
Ionic strength dependence.
The thermodynamic equilibrium constant, "K"⊖, for the equilibrium
can be defined as
where {ML} is the activity of the chemical species ML etc. "K"⊖ is dimensionless since activity is dimensionless . Activities of the products are placed in the numerator, activities of the reactants are placed in the denominator. See activity coefficient for a derivation of this expression. 
Since activity is the product of concentration and activity coefficient ("γ") the definition could also be written as
where represents the concentration of ML and Γ is a quotient of activity coefficients. This expression can be generalized as
To avoid the complications involved in using activities, stability constants are determined, where possible, in a medium consisting of a solution of a background electrolyte at high ionic strength, that is, under conditions in which Γ can be assumed to be always constant. For example, the medium might be a solution of 0.1 mol/dm−3 sodium nitrate or 3 mol/dm−3 potassium perchlorate. When Γ is constant it may be ignored and the general expression in theory, above, is obtained.
All published stability constant values refer to the specific ionic medium used in their determination and different values are obtained with different conditions, as illustrated for the complex CuL (L=glycinate). Furthermore, stability constant values depend on the specific electrolyte used as the value of Γ is different for different electrolytes, even at the same ionic strength. There does not need to be any chemical interaction between the species in equilibrium and the background electrolyte, but such interactions might occur in particular cases. For example, phosphates form weak complexes with alkali metals, so, when determining stability constants involving phosphates, such as ATP, the background electrolyte used will be, for example, a tetralkylammonium salt. Another example involves iron(III) which forms weak complexes with halide and other anions, but not with perchlorate ions. 
When published constants refer to an ionic strength other than the one required for a particular application, they may be adjusted by means of specific ion theory (SIT) and other theories.
Temperature dependence.
All equilibrium constants vary with temperature according to the van 't Hoff equation 
"R" is the gas constant and "T" is the thermodynamic temperature . Thus, for exothermic reactions, (the standard enthalpy change, Δ"H"⊖, is negative) "K" decreases with temperature, but for endothermic reactions (Δ"H"⊖ is positive) "K" increases with temperature.
Factors affecting the stability constants of complexes.
The chelate effect.
Consider the two equilibria, in aqueous solution, between the copper(II) ion, Cu2+ and ethylenediamine (en) on the one hand and methylamine, MeNH2 on the other.
In (1) the bidentate ligand ethylene diamine forms a chelate complex with the copper ion. Chelation results in the formation of a five–membered ring. In (2) the bidentate ligand is replaced by two monodentate methylamine ligands of approximately the same donor power, meaning that the enthalpy of formation of Cu—N bonds is approximately the same in the two reactions. Under conditions of equal copper concentrations and when then concentration of methylamine is twice the concentration of ethylenediamine, the concentration of the complex (1) will be greater than the concentration of the complex (2). The effect increases with the number of chelate rings so the concentration of the EDTA complex, which has six chelate rings, is much higher than a corresponding complex with two monodentate nitrogen donor ligands and four monodentate carboxylate ligands. Thus, the phenomenon of the chelate effect is a firmly established empirical fact: under comparable conditions, the concentration of a chelate complex will be higher than the concentration of an analogous complex with monodentate ligands. 
The thermodynamic approach to explaining the chelate effect considers the equilibrium constant for the reaction: the larger the equilibrium constant, the higher the concentration of the complex.
When the analytical concentration of methylamine is twice that of ethylenediamine and the concentration of copper is the same in both reactions, the concentration is much higher than the concentration [Cu(MeNH2)22+ because "β"11 ≫ "β"12.
The difference between the two stability constants is mainly due to the difference in the standard entropy change, Δ"S"⊖. In equation (1) there are two particles on the left and one on the right, whereas in equation (2) there are three particles on the left and one on the right. This means that less entropy of disorder is lost when the chelate complex is formed than when the complex with monodentate ligands is formed. This is one of the factors contributing to the entropy difference. Other factors include solvation changes and ring formation. Some experimental data to illustrate the effect are shown in the following table.
These data show that the standard enthalpy changes are indeed approximately equal for the two reactions and that the main reason why the chelate complex is so much more stable is that the standard entropy term is much less unfavourable, indeed, it is favourable in this instance. In general it is difficult to account precisely for thermodynamic values in terms of changes in solution at the molecular level, but it is clear that the chelate effect is predominantly an effect of entropy. Other explanations, Including that of Schwarzenbach, are discussed in Greenwood and Earnshaw.
The chelate effect increases as the number of chelate rings increases. For example the complex is more stable than the complex [Ni(en)3)2+; both complexes are octahedral with six nitrogen atoms around the nickel ion, but dien (diethylenetriamine, 1,4,7-triazaheptane) is a tridentate ligand and en is bidentate. The number of chelate rings is one less than the number of donor atoms in the ligand. EDTA (ethylenediaminetetracetic acid) has six donor atoms so it forms very strong complexes with five chelate rings. Ligands such as DTPA, which have eight donor atoms are used to form complexes with large metal ions such as lanthanide or actinide ions which usually form 8- or 9- coordinate complexes.
5-membered and 6-membered chelate rings give the most stable complexes. 4-membered rings are subject to internal strain because of the small inter-bond angle is the ring. The chelate effect is also reduced with 7- and 8- membered rings, because the larger rings are less rigid, so less entropy is lost in forming them.
The macrocyclic effect.
It was found that the stability of the complex of copper(II) with the macrocyclic ligand cyclam (1,4,8,11-tetraazacyclotetradecane) was much greater than expected in comparison to the stability of the complex with the corresponding open-chain amine.
This phenomenon was named "the macrocyclic effect" and it was also interpreted as an entropy effect. However, later studies suggested that both enthalpy and entropy factors were involved. 
An important difference between macrocyclic ligands and open-chain (chelating) ligands is that they have selectivity for metal ions, based on the size of the cavity into which the metal ion is inserted when a complex is formed. For example, the crown ether 18-crown-6 forms much stronger complexes with the potassium ion, K+ than with the smaller sodium ion, Na+.
In hemoglobin an iron(II) ion is complexed by a macrocyclic porphyrin ring. The article hemoglobin incorrectly states that oxyhemoglogin contains iron(III). It is now known that the iron(II) in hemoglobin is a low-spin complex, whereas in oxyhemoglobin it is a high-spin complex. The low-spin Fe2+ ion fits snugly into the cavity of the porhyrin ring, but high-spin iron(II) is significantly larger and the iron atom is forced out of the plane of the macrocyclic ligand. This effect contributes the ability of hemoglobin to bind oxygen reversibly under biological conditions. In Vitamin B12 a cobalt(II) ion is held in a corrin ring. Chlorophyll is a macrocyclic complex of magnesium(II).
Geometrical factors.
Successive stepwise formation constants "Kn" in a series such as ML"n" ("n" = 1, 2, ...) usually decrease as "n" increases. Exceptions to this rule occur when the geometry of the ML"n" complexes is not the same for all members of the series. The classic example is the formation of the diamminesilver(I) complex [Ag(NH3)2]+ in aqueous solution.
In this case, "K"2 > "K"1. The reason for this is that, in aqueous solution, the ion written as Ag+ actually exists as the four-coordinate tetrahedral aqua species The first step is then a substitution reaction involving the displacement of a bound water molecule by ammonia forming the tetrahedral complex [Ag(NH3)(OH2)3+ (commonly abbreviated as In the second step, the aqua ligands are lost to form a linear, two-coordinate product [H3N—Ag—NH3+. Examination of the thermodynamic data shows that both enthalpy and entropy effects determine the result.
Other examples exist where the change is from octahedral to tetrahedral, as in the formation of from [Co(H2O)62+.
Classification of metal ions.
Ahrland, Chatt and Davies proposed that metal ions could be described as class A if they formed stronger complexes with ligands whose donor atoms are N, O or F than with ligands whose donor atoms are P, S or Cl and class B if the reverse is true. For example, Ni2+ forms stronger complexes with amines than with phosphines, but Pd2+ forms stronger complexes with phosphines than with amines. Later, Pearson proposed the theory of hard and soft acids and bases (HSAB theory). In this classification, class A metals are hard acids and class B metals are soft acids. Some ions, such as copper(i) are classed as borderline. Hard acids form stronger complexes with hard bases than with soft bases. In general terms hard-hard interactions are predominantly electrostatic in nature whereas soft-soft interactions are predominantly covalent in nature. The HSAB theory, though useful, is only semi-quantitative.
The hardness of a metal ion increases with oxidation state. An example of this effect is given by the fact that Fe2+ tends to form stronger complexes with N-donor ligands than with O-donor ligands, but the opposite is true for Fe3+.
Effect of ionic radius.
The Irving-Williams series refers to high-spin, octahedral, divalent metal ion of the first transition series. It places the stabilities of complexes in the order
This order was found to hold for a wide variety of ligands. There are three strands to the explanation of the series.
Another example of the effect of ionic radius the steady increase in stability of complexes with a given ligand along the series of trivalent lanthanide ions, an effect of the well-known lanthanide contraction.
Applications.
Stability constant values are exploited in a wide variety of applications. Chelation therapy is used in the treatment of various metal-related illnesses, such as iron overload in β-thalassemia sufferers who have been given blood transfusions. The ideal ligand binds to the target metal ion and not to others, but this degree of selectivity is very hard to achieve. The synthetic drug Deferiprone achieves selectivity by having two oxygen donor atoms so that it binds to Fe3+ in preference to any of the other divalent ions that are present in the human body, such as Mg2+, Ca2+ and Zn2+. Treatment of poisoning by ions such as Pb2+ and Cd2+ is much more difficult since these are both divalent ions and selectivity is harder to accomplish. Excess copper in Wilson's disease can be removed by penicillamine or Triethylene tetramine (TETA). DTPA has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for treatment of plutonium poisoning.
DTPA is also used as a complexing agent for gadolinium in MRI contrast enhancement. The requirement in this case is that the complex be very strong, as Gd3+ is very toxic. The large stability constant of the octadentate ligand ensures that the concentration of free Gd3+ is almost negligible, certainly well below toxicity threshold. In addition the ligand occupies only 8 of the 9 coordination sites on the gadolinium ion. The ninth site is occupied by a water molecule which exchanges rapidly with the fluid surrounding it and it is this mechanism that makes the paramagnetic complex into a contrast reagent.
EDTA forms such strong complexes with most divalent cations that it finds many uses. For example, it is often present in washing powder to act as a water softener by sequestering calcium and magnesium ions.
The selectivity of macrocyclic ligands can be used as a basis for the construction of an ion selective electrode. For example, potassium selective electrodes are available that make use of the naturally-occurring macrocyclic antibiotic valinomycin.
An ion-exchange resin such as chelex 100, which contains chelating ligands bound to a polymer, can be used in water softeners and in chromatographic separation techniques. In solvent extraction the formation of electrically-neutral complexes allows cations to be extracted into organic solvents. For example, in nuclear fuel reprocessing uranium(VI) and plutonium(VI) are extracted into kerosene as the complexes [MO2(TBP)2(NO3)2] (TBP = tri-'n"-butyl phosphate). In phase-transfer catalysis, a substance which is insoluble in an organic solvent can be made soluble by addition of a suitable ligand. For example, potassium permanganate oxidations can be achieved by adding a catalytic quantity of a crown ether and a small amount of organic solvent to the aqueous reaction mixture, so that the oxidation reaction occurs in the organic phase. 
In all these examples, the ligand is chosen on the basis of the stability constants of the complexes formed. For example, TBP is used in nuclear fuel reprocessing because (among other reasons) it forms a complex strong enough for solvent extraction to take place, but weak enough that the complex can be destroyed by nitric acid to recover the uranyl cation as nitrato complexes, such as [UO2(NO3)4]2- back in the aqueous phase.
Supramolecular complexes.
Supramolecular complexes are held together by hydrogen bonding, hydrophobic forces, van der Waals forces, π-π interactions, and electrostatic effects, all of which can be described as noncovalent bonding. Applications include molecular recognition, host-guest chemistry and anion sensors.
A typical application in molecular recognition involved the determination of formation constants for complexes formed between a tripodal substituted urea molecule and various saccharides. The study was carried out using a non-aqueous solvent and NMR chemical shift measurements. The object was to examine the selectivity with respect to the saccharides.
An example of the use of supramolecular complexes in the development of chemosensors is provided by the use of transition-metal ensembles to sense for ATP.
Anion complexation can be achieved by encapsulating the anion in a suitable cage. Selectivity can be engineered by designing the shape of the cage. For example, dicarboxylate anions could be encapsulated in the ellipsoidal cavity in a large macrocyclic structure containing two metal ions.
Experimental methods.
The method developed by Bjerrum is still the main method in use today, though the precision of the measurements has greatly increased. Most commonly, a solution containing the metal ion and the ligand in a medium of high ionic strength is first acidified to the point where the ligand is fully protonated. This solution is then titrated, often by means of a computer-controlled auto-titrator, with a solution of CO2-free base. The concentration, or activity, of the hydrogen ion is monitored by means of a glass electrode. The data set used for the calculation has three components: a statement defining the nature of the chemical species that will be present, called the model of the system, details concerning the concentrations of the reagents used in the titration, and finally the experimental measurements in the form of titre and pH (or emf) pairs.
It is not always possible to use a glass electrode. If that is the case, the titration can be monitored by other types of measurement. Absorbance spectra, fluorescence spectra and NMR spectra are the most commonly used alternatives. Current practice is to take absorbance or fluorescence measurements at a range of wavelengths and to fit these data simultaneously. Various NMR chemical shifts can also be fitted together.
The chemical model will include values of the protonation constants of the ligand, which will have been determined in separate experiments, a value for log "K"w and estimates of the unknown stability constants of the complexes formed. These estimates are necessary because the calculation uses a non-linear least-squares algorithm. The estimates are usually obtained by reference to a chemically similar system. The stability constant databases can be very useful in finding published stability constant values for related complexes.
In some simple cases the calculations can be done in a spreadsheet. Otherwise, the calculations are performed with the aid of a general-purpose computer programs. The most frequently used programs are:
In biochemistry, formation constants of adducts may be obtained from Isothermal titration calorimetry (ITC) measurements. This technique yields both the stability constant and the standard enthalpy change for the equilibrium. It is mostly limited, by availability of software, to complexes of 1:1 stoichiometry.
Critically evaluated data.
The following references are for critical reviews of published stability constants for various classes of ligands. All these reviews are published by IUPAC and the full text is available, free of charge, in pdf format.

</doc>
<doc id="20869112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869112" title="Wolgan River">
Wolgan River

Wolgan River, a watercourse of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia.
Course and features.
Formed by the confluence of Carne Creek (also called Wolgan River (Eastern Branch)) and Wolgan River (Western Branch), the headwaters of the Wolgan River rise on the eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range, northeast of Wallerawang, near Lithgow, and flows generally north by west, north, northeast, east northeast, southeast by east, and northeast by east before reaching its confluence with the Capertee River, below Mount Morgan, east of Glen Davis. The river descends over its course.
The majority of the river lies within Wollemi National Park; flows through the Wolgan Valley; past the deserted settlement of Newnes; and is contained within the Greater Blue Mountains Area UNESCO World Heritage Site.

</doc>
<doc id="20869128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869128" title="Blondes (John Stewart album)">
Blondes (John Stewart album)

Blondes is a studio album released in 1982 by folk musician John Stewart, former member of the Kingston Trio. The LP was released with slightly different track listings in the US and in Sweden.
The liner notes of the US release states:
The Swedish album was released on Polydor and is credited to "John Stewart with Chuck McDermott". The Swedish release contains remixes of all the songs from the US release except "Angeles" which is not included at all. It also contains the following additional songs: "All The Desperate Men", "Same Old Heart" and "When The Night Was Ours".
Track listing (US release).
All compositions by John Stewart.
Running time: 40:17
Track listing (Swedish release).
All compositions by John Stewart.
Running time: 47:02
The Complete Blondes.
In 2003 John Stewart reissued all the tracks from both the US and the Swedish releases on a CD on his own label Neon Dreams.

</doc>
<doc id="20869129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869129" title="Hans Clausen">
Hans Clausen

Hans Clausen (born July 2 1971) is a Danish international motorcycle speedway rider who rode in 2001 Speedway Grand Prix of Denmark and 2001 Speedway World Cup. Clausen won Individual Speedway Danish Championship in 2001.
Since 2006 Hans Clausen is the team manager and chief mechanic of Danish Renault Clio Cup team, DanAgro Racing.

</doc>
<doc id="20869184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869184" title="Osprey Osprey 2">
Osprey Osprey 2

__NOTOC__
The Osprey Osprey 2, also known as the Pereira Osprey 2 after its designer, is an amphibious sport aircraft designed for homebuilding. Plans have been sold since the mid-1970s. George Pereira designed the Osprey 2 to address the two most frequent criticisms of his Osprey I aircraft: its lack of a passenger seat and its inability to operate from dry land. An exercise that began as a series of modifications to the original design in January 1972 eventually turned into a complete redesign of the aircraft, with the resulting Osprey 2 flying in April 1973.
Design and development.
Like the original Osprey, the Osprey 2 is a mid-wing cantilever monoplane with a flying boat hull and a single engine mounted pusher-fashion in a nacelle mounted above the fuselage on struts. A passenger seat is provided side-by-side with the pilot and the cabin is fully enclosed. Retractable tricycle undercarriage is provided for land operations, the main units of which fold into the undersides of the wings. Construction throughout is of wood and skinned in plywood. Some of the hull contours are formed with polyurethane foam covered in fiberglass. 
The aircraft is designed so that it may be constructed by amateur builders with restricted space available – Pereira's prototype was built in a workspace 16 ft × 26 ft (4.8 m × 7.9 m) and took 1,300 hours to complete. To simplify construction, no molds are required, and even the canopy is formed by a simple bend in an acrylic sheet without any compound curves.
Osprey markets the aircraft as sets of plans rather than kits, and had sold over 1,000 copies by 1985. Over 500 examples have been completed and flown.

</doc>
<doc id="20869188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869188" title="World Baseball Challenge">
World Baseball Challenge

The World Baseball Challenge was founded in Grand Forks, British Columbia, Canada, in 2002, by Larry Seminoff, who is also the founder of the Grand Forks International Baseball Tournament.
The 2002 World Baseball Challenge included 12 teams. The Cuban National Team, led by starting pitcher Jose Contreras and shortstop Eduardo Paret, beat the Seattle Studs in the final. Other entries included USA, Taiwan, Italy, Russia, Canada, Houston Astros, Chicago Prairie Gravel, Prince George Axemen, and Samoa.
The event, which will take place every two years, starting in 2009, in Prince George, British Columbia, Canada, is sanctioned by the International Baseball Federation, Baseball Canada and Baseball B.C. All games in the 2009 tournament were played at Prince George Citizen Field.

</doc>
<doc id="20869267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869267" title="First Baptist Church (Petersburg, Virginia)">
First Baptist Church (Petersburg, Virginia)

First Baptist Church (est. 1774) was the first Baptist church in Petersburg, Virginia; one of the first African-American Baptist congregations in the United States, and one of the oldest black churches in the nation. It established one of the first local schools for black children in the nation. 
Its congregation was active during the 20th century Civil Rights Movement. Today it has the largest community outreach program in the city.
History.
In the earliest decades of the Baptist Church in the Southeast, it was influenced by preachers from New England who generated the Great Awakening. As more churches were started, members came together in an association. With growth, in 1781 the association of churches split into two parts along state lines for Virginia and North Carolina. The twenty-one congregations in Virginia formed the Portsmouth Baptist Association, named after their first meeting place. Representatives worked together to form church policy. From 1810 to 1828 they began to work on Foreign Missions and Christian Education. Later they established Sabbath Schools. 
The history of First Baptist Church started with scattered black members in Prince George County worshipping as New Lights in 1756 after the Great Awakening. Baptist preachers had traveled widely in the South where they appealed to both blacks and whites in evangelical outreach. In the early years, such preachers strongly supported an anti-slavery message based on the equality of men made in God's image. Their democratic message and willingness to welcome blacks in active roles attracted many new members to the Baptists, despite the established role of the Anglican Church in Virginia. In some areas, energetic young men without many other opportunities were the ones to take up leadership roles as Baptist preachers and challenge the class system of the colony. 
In 1774 some of the New Light members united under the Rev. John Michaels. Calling themselves the First African Baptist Church, they met in Lunenburg in a building on the plantation of Colonel William Byrd III. After their meetinghouse at the Byrd plantation was destroyed in a fire, in 1820 free members of the congregation moved into Petersburg, Virginia, where there was a growing free black community. (From about 300 free blacks in 1790, the community in Petersburg grew tenfold to 3,224 by 1860, when it was the largest free black population in the South. In that year on the eve of the Civil War, there were about 6,000 enslaved African Americans and 9,000 whites in the city.) 
With the move into Petersburg, the congregation took the name of First Baptist Church, and built their first church on Harrison Avenue (near the location of the current church.) This was one of two early black Baptist churches; they were the first of that denomination to be established in Petersburg.
Emphasizing education, the First Baptist congregation also created one of the earliest local schools for black children in the nation. From its beginning, the congregation had been led by black pastors. In the wake of Nat Turner's slave rebellion in 1831, however, planters became so alarmed about the potential for religious messages to cause other revolts that they passed legislation in 1832 requiring that all black churches be led by white pastors. The planters believed they could ensure control of the message that whites would deliver. This situation lasted until after the Civil War, when blacks took back control of their church
By 1865 First Baptist had 1700 members. Rev. Leonard A. Black, author of "The Life and Sufferings of Leonard Black, a Fugitive from Slavery," was pastor from 1873 to 1883, during which time the congregation grew to 3,600 members. The church soon joined a state convention of black Baptist churches, aided by the Consolidated American Baptist Convention, to escape the supervision of whites. This was the forerunner of the National Baptist Convention, USA. The congregation continued to grow after the war as freedmen came to Petersburg from outlying areas, and its members helped the rural migrants adjust to urban life. The current church at 236 Harrison Avenue was built starting in 1870, after a fire burned the previous one. The congregation steadily added to the church, completing the steeple during Black's pastorate. 
In the late 1880s the pastor, Rev. Charles B. Gordon, also edited "The Pilot" (later known as "The National Pilot"), a paper that was said to be a mouthpiece for Baptists in Virginia.
20th century.
Like other major black churches, First Baptist long played a role in training new leaders in education, politics and business. Its congregation was active in the Civil Rights Movement, and the church was a place of mass meetings for demonstrations, support and voter registration. 
In 1980 First Baptist built a new education building, and it has purchased nearby lots as part of planning for its future. It is an active leader in the downtown association of churches, with the largest community outreach program in the city. Its ministries include education and scholarship programs, welfare and family counseling. In addition, it televises services twice a week.
See also.
List of African American firsts

</doc>
<doc id="20869288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869288" title="Charles A. Smith (Canadian politician)">
Charles A. Smith (Canadian politician)

Charles A. Smith (May 18, 1845 – ) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Lunenburg County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1878 to 1882 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born in Chester, Nova Scotia. In 1870, Smith married Eleanor Campbell. He lived in Chester. He was named a sub-collector of customs in 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="20869296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869296" title="Mitchell L. Walker">
Mitchell L. Walker

Mitchell Lynn Walker (born 1951) is an American gay activist and Jungian psychologist who has written many influential articles and books on gay-centered psychology. 
Biography.
Walker enrolled at the University of California, Los Angeles where he saw a therapist who tried to persuade him to not be gay. Although Walker rejected the therapist he did get "an invaluable introduction to inner work, to the techniques of dream analysis, and to other tools of psychological investigation." Walker transferred to the Berkeley campus and majored in psychology. He became more outspoken on gay issues and became one of the first to join the Berkeley Free Clinic's Gay Men Collective. After graduation he worked on a master's-level in psychology at San Francisco's Lone Mountain College focussing on same-sex love from Jung's "archetypal perspective" using the basis that archetypes are "primal indwelling sources after which behavior is patterned and images are perceived." In 1974 Walker had a realization that same-sex love was archetypal, not "a mere accident or adaption," answering the question if one was born gay or does gayness come from social experience. His revelation led to his master's thesis "discussing the then unheard-of topic of gay depth psychology." 
Walker was the first openly gay writer to be published in the formal Jungian literature, for his paper, “The Double: An Archetypal Configuration,” appeared in Spring in 1976. followed by “Jung and Homophobia,” published in Spring in 1991. He is also the author of "Men Loving Men: A Gay Sex Guide & Consciousness Book" (Gay Sunshine Press, 1977/1994) - which was involved in an obscenity-importing case in England - and "Visionary Love: A Spirit Book of Gay Mythology and Transmutational Faerie" (Treeroots Press, 1980). 
In 1979, Walker co-created with activists Harry Hay, John Burnside, and Don Kilhefner the first gay-centered spiritual movement, the Radical Faeries, a loosely-affiliated, worldwide network and counter-cultural movement seeking to reject hetero-imitation and redefine queer identity through spirituality. 
In 1987 Walker received a Ph.D. in psychology with the dissertation, "A Uranian Conjunction: The Individual Model of C. G. Jung as Applied to Gay Men." He has continued lecturing, teaching and running a private practice in Los Angeles. 

</doc>
<doc id="20869305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869305" title="Bulamogi">
Bulamogi

Bulamogi is one of the five traditional principalities of the kingdom of Busoga in Uganda. It is located in the Kaliro District.
It was founded around 1550 by Zibondo Lamogi and became a part of the British protectorate in Busoga in 1896. Prior to this Bulamogi enjoyed elevated status among the chiefdoms of Busoga and its leaders ruled Busoga for two centuries. Leaders in Busoga paid homage and sacrifices to the zibondo (title for the leader of Bulamogi State) till toward the end of the 19th century when the leaders in Busoga officially appointed Kisira Ladaaga Wambuzi Zibondo X as the leader of the Busoga Confederation at a place called Bukaleba in present day Mayuge District. Kisira Ludaaga Wambuzi Zibondo X was succeeded by his son Ezekiel T Waako Zibondo XI as the ruler of Busoga who took on the 1st title of Kyabazinga wa Busoga literally meaning King of Busoga. Ezekiel T Waako was succeeded by his son Henry Waako Muloki Zibondo XII (O.B.E) who ruled until his death and was succeeded by his son Edward C Wambuzi Zibondo XIII who is the current head of the Busoga Kingdom.
Bulamogi State has preserved the tombs of many of its kings who died as early as 1600 and is home to exciting royal heritage and regalia uncommon in the entire world.

</doc>
<doc id="20869306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869306" title="Brian Andersen">
Brian Andersen

Brian Andersen (born 13 March 1971) is a Danish international motorcycle speedway rider who rode in Speedway Grand Prix between 1997 and 2001 and 2001 Speedway World Cup. Andersen won Individual Speedway Danish Championship in 1995 and 1999. He won 1991 Individual Speedway Junior World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20869325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869325" title="The Tortoise and the Hare (film)">
The Tortoise and the Hare (film)

The Tortoise and the Hare is an animated short film released on January 5, 1935 by United Artists, produced by Walt Disney and directed by Wilfred Jackson. Based on an Aesop's fable of the same name, "The Tortoise and the Hare" won the 1934 Academy Award for Best Short Subject: Cartoons. This cartoon is also believed to be one of the influences for Bugs Bunny
Summary.
Unlike the original fable, the race is a major sporting event, as opposed to a challenge between the hare and the tortoise. Max Hare is the heavy favorite to win. He's cocky, athletic and incredibly fast. His challenger, Toby Tortoise is teased and jeered for being sluggish and clumsy. He does seem to have the ability to stretch, which comes in handy in certain situations. Max tells Toby that he intends to play fair, but is seems obvious that Max is just out to humiliate his competition. The race begins and Max zooms off. It takes an extra nudge from the starter to get Toby going.
Max seems to dominate the race, zooming past everything on the road. At one point, possibly as an homage to the fable, Max pretends to nap under a tree, just to watch Toby's progress. Thinking that Max really is asleep, Toby quietly creeps past him. Not long after, Max gets up and bolts past him again. A little further down the road, Max passes a girls' school. He stops to talk to the bunny girls. As Toby lumbers past, the girls invite him to stop as well, but Toby says no, since he's committed to finishing the race. Max opts to stay for a while, even though Toby is now in the lead, he's so slow, Max will have no trouble catching up. Max uses the girls' sports field to show off his amazing athletic skills in archery, baseball and tennis (even knocking a tennis ball into the camera in the process!).
Just then, Max hears the crowd cheering and sees that Toby is not far from the finish line. He bids the girls farewell and charges off, still confident that he will win easily. Toby sees Max catching up and picks up his pace by stretching his legs. In the end, the race is close. Max crosses the finish line and skids to a rough halt. Once he gets up and dusts himself off, he realizes that he lost by a "neck's length." The crowd rushes to congratulate the winner, Toby Tortoise.
Other appearances.
The girl bunnies and the animal pedestrians make cameos in Toontown, while Toby Tortoise is on a poster in the toontown alleyway and appears during the final scene of "Who Framed Roger Rabbit". Toby and Max also appear as guests in Disney's "House of Mouse".

</doc>
<doc id="20869367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869367" title="Vanilla Yamazaki">
Vanilla Yamazaki


</doc>
<doc id="20869369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869369" title="Après la vie">
Après la vie

Après la vie is a 2002 Lucas Belvaux film with his own script. This is the final installment of a series Trilogy, which constitutes a melodrama preceded by "Cavale", a thriller and "Un couple épatant", a comedy.
Belvaux referred in the DVD commentary that main idea behind "Trilogy" is that the main characters in a particular story are the secondary characters of others, in such sense the three films happen at the same time and share a series of common scenes and plot points, complementing each other, but also have their own perspective and style. The audience is left with piecing the films together, which Belvaux avoided, since editing the three films into one single narrative would have resulted in a very long film with no style of its own.
Plot.
Police Inspector Pascal Manise walks into a bar where he gets morphine from Freddy, a former dealer of Jacquillat, a drug lord. A phone call interrupts the conversation but it is very brief. Manise gives the drugs to his wife Agnès Manise, who has been addicted for 20 years but has never had to buy her own fixes because her husband provides her with them. Agnès tells Manise that her friend Cécile Coste has invited them to a party he does not want to go but concedes when she agrees to buy him a suit. In the meantime the police is looking for Bruno Le Roux, a former leftist revolutionary who has escaped from prison, this means that they have to tail Jeanne Rivet, a colleague of Agnès in the same high school where they work as teachers. In their search for Le Roux they also go to the house of Mme. Guiot, the mother of Jean-Jean, a former associate of Le Roux's, she tells them that he has gone to look for a job out of the city.
Later on that same day, Manise arrives home to find Agnès ready to leave for the party but he says that he cannot go and promises that he shall go the next time. That same night, while investigating the murder of a man (who turns out to be Freddy), Manise is approached by Jacquillat, he lets Manise know that the murder can be pinned on Le Roux, they have an unsettled score consisting in a former association where the leaders of the People's Army (including Le Roux) were arrested 15 years ago, the leaders think that it was Jacquillat who betrayed them but he denies it, it was someone else; Manise cannot turn his back on that information because the case is still open, but the reason Jacquillat tells him that is because he wants Le Roux killed during detention by the police, Manise refuses, therefore Jacquillat uses an ace in his sleeve: Pascal shall not receive any morphine for his addicted wife until he kills his man. Manise gets a call from Cécile: Agnès has fainted at the party, he takes her home and shoots her up himself with the last fix he has, she apologizes and dozes off.
The next day Manise takes part in a school debate regarding drugs, he plays the tough cop who is only concerned for the law, during the conversation, Dr. Colinet, a friend of the Costes, tells the class about alternatives for drug users such as substitute drugs. After the debate, Cécile asks Manise to tail her husband Alain Coste, because he has been hiding something from her. He asks for a photo and inquires if he was ever involved in politics before they married or at the university, she denies it. Manise investigates Alain but seems more interested in Cécile, he checks the files on the People's Army and he concludes that Alain is clean other than having a few speeding tickets. He cuts him off the photo and keeps the half with Cécile on it. Manise is called, there has been a fire where the firemen have found lots of guns, in the ensuing investigation they conclude that it was Le Roux, he has left a bunch of evidence behind him and a neighbour gives a full description.
The next day Pascal follows Alain who meets with a younger woman, but when he describes her to Cécile, she recognizes her own daughter, he must start all over again. In the meantime Agnès has been increasingly ill due to withdrawal sydrome, Manise has been watching from outside the apartment and even tries to score some dope from a colleague at the police station to no avail. He comes in and Agnès is desperate she asks him to buy some drugs from a dealer but he refuses: their understanding was that he would never buy drugs from a dealer. She tells him that he does not love her anymore, otherwise he would not have forgotten the morphine because she and drugs are one and the same. A call comes in: there has been a bomb attack in the Court House and all men are called in.
Early the next day Manise has Jeanne arrested, while interrogating her she says nothing and has to keep her in isolation. Agnès is distressed because the students in the high school have gone on strike to protest for Jeanne's arrest, this is further aggravated by the fact that Agnès has been more than 24 hours without her drugs. Manise goes to Alain's office and poses as a member of the financial branch of the Police, he suggests that he is looking for evidence against Alain's questionable business but his PA does not believe him. Agnès confronts Pascal and tells her that she cannot face the pain anymore but Pascal sets his foot down and asks her to resist for 5 days without any drugs, she agrees and throws him out of the apartment. When walking out he runs into Cécile, she has come to ask him to stop his investigations on Alain, he tells her that he only wanted to compare the PA's hair to a sample that he found in Alain's Jaguar. Cécile gives Manise a ride to the Police Station.
In the meantime Agnès has gone out looking for a fix, she tries to buy dope from Banane, a petty drug dealer, she is so desperate that she even offers sex in exchange for a score but he refuses. She attacks Banane but he gets the upper hand until he is stopped by a man who points a gun at him, the stranger allows Agnès to take all the drugs she wants and she goes into the street but finds that the Police have blockaded the entire neighbourhood, she throws all she has and escapes back to Banane's selling post. The man is furious to see her back but remains calm when she tells him about the Police. They stay and she figures out that the Police is looking for him, she offers her apartment to hide if he brings her in, her husband is a cop and no one shall look for him there. Back at the Police Station, Manise talks with Francis Rivet, husband of Jeanne, who is willing to make the necessary statements to get her out of jail, during this conversation it turns out that it was Francis who betrayed the People's Army to the Police and if Jeanne has been able to live her life is because the government has nothing on her.
Pascal lets Jeanne go, he asks why none of Agnès' friends shall talk to him, for the first time Jeanne answers and lets him know that it is because he is a cop. As she leaves, he catches up with her and offers to drive her home because he spotted a silver car that has been following him around. Manise confronts Jacquillat about his spies and demands that they stop following him and his witnesses. Jacquillat agrees, calls off his henchmen and inquires about Agnès, Manise is very distressed and offers some of his information in exchange for a fix but Jacquillat refuses and he reveals that Le Roux has been with his wife when they assaulted one of his dealers, they drive to his place. Meanwhile, Agnès is overdozing and is saved by the stranger that helped her to get the only fix she managed to save for herself. Manise walks in unnoticed on a conversation between the stranger (Le Roux) and his wife where he promises to get her the drugs she needs, Manise hides as Le Roux takes Agnès to her bed. Manise tells Jacquillat that Le Roux was not there and even offers to pay for the morphine but Jacquillat refuses and leaves.
Manise spends the night in his car outside the Costes' house where he sees Alain and Cécile drive off to the train station, he notices that Alain walks into the train station and comes out again and takes a taxi. Agnès wakes up and finds that she cannot remember most of yesterday, she gets ready to leave for school and arranges with Le Roux, who poses as Pierre, to meet at a parking lot later that day. Pascal, having lost track of Alain, goes to the hospital where Dr. Colinet works, he runs into him at the parking lot, where he inquires about the alternative treatment that he spoke about earlier, but it turns out that the doctor only mentioned a theory. Once in school, the faculty is having a celebration for Jeanne's liberation. Agnès asks Cécile to borrow her car and tells her that she met someone and wants to use her chalet for a romantic "rendez-vous". Cécile is bewildered and reluctantly gives her keys to her car and the chalet. Agnès makes copies of the keys and goes to the parking lot where she meets with "Pierre", they drive to the chalet where they have breakfast. She asks "Pierre" if he got her some dope but he says that so far he has nothing, she becomes angry and leaves but he stops her and offers an explanation of his actions, she refuses to know and tells him that word are just words, actions are what count. She drives back but stops in the middle of the road and ponders on how low she has sunk.
Back at the police station, Dr. Colinet reports Alain's disappearance. On a hunch, Manise parks in front of Claire's (Alain's PA) place and sees them walk into the house. Back at her place, Agnès learns the truth about Le Roux in the radio news; Manise confronts her about her relationship with Le Roux and finally lets her know: as long as Le Roux is alive, she shall have no drugs. When asked about Le Roux's whereabouts she refuses to tell him, he unwittingly lets her know about all his known safe-houses and the stake outs that have been set up for him. As Manise walks out he spots the silver car again and manages to get the driver into his trunk, he drives off to a car stop far away from the city and tells the henchman that Jacquillat leave him and his friends alone, the henchman tells him that accidents happen all the time, Manise is enfuriated and hits the man with his gun and leaves. That night Agnès steals Cécile's car with the copies that she made and goes to the chalet looking for Le Roux but he is not there. She leaves a note explaining that he should avoid his known hide outs. She then drives around the city and frustrates the stake outs. Olivier, a friend of Pascal's, tells her to avoid going to a public square where there has been a shoot out, most probably linked with Le Roux. She goes there and sees Manise investigating the many deaths of innocent by-standers but sees that Le Roux is still alive.
Manise drives to Cécile Coste's place and tells her that Alain is at Claire's, they drive there but she has found nothing, he spots a man spying on them and he runs to him, he presses his gun against his head and tells him that the next time he will shoot, Cécile asks him to let him go, the man is Claire's boyfriend. Back in his car he confesses to Cécile that Agnès' dealer has been blackmailing him, she understands and asks him to drive her to her chalet. She walks in but comes back out after a very shot while, before they get in his car he tells her that he loves her and she slaps him in the face. He leaves. Manise goes to the hospital and asks Dr. Colinet for morphine but the doctor refuses and demands that he leaves despite his physical threats. Back in his place he talks with Agnès and she tells him that he does not love her anymore because he cannot stop her pain. Someone calls at the door, he opens, it is Jeanne, she has come to tell him about Le Roux's whereabouts. Manise goes to Jacquillat's and tells him where to find Le Roux, as the henchmen leave, he calls on his radio to the police and lets them know where to find him too. Manise has received a bunch of drugs from Jacquillat, which he takes to Agnès, seeing the drugs, she concludes what became of Le Roux and calls Manise a bastard. She is about to inject herself with the drugs but stops at the last minute and tosses all her drugs.
Manise arrives at Le Roux's hide out and sees that Olivier has been injured and that Le Roux escaped. Olivier dies in the hospital, he tries to tell the widow but cannot do it. He goes back home and finds Agnès on her couch, he kisses her and she tells him that it is over, that she needs nothing anymore. Manise is puzzled and walks out into the streets, she follows closely, they end up going to a terrace overlooking the city, he pulls his gun out and seems that he will commit suicide, Agnés hugs him and tells him not to leave her alone. He presses the gun to the back of her head, she tells him that she still needs him, he lowers his gun and drops it.

</doc>
<doc id="20869372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869372" title="FC Chernomorets Byala">
FC Chernomorets Byala

FC Chernomorets () is a Bulgarian football club based in Byala, Varna Province, currently playing in the Bulgarian V AFG, the third division of Bulgarian football. Club colors are blue, white and yellow. The club was officially founded in 1945.
Stadium.
Its home stadium Chernomorets has a capacity of 1 050 seats. Built in 1986, the ground underwent a reconstruction in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20869395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869395" title="Edward Thompson Dickson">
Edward Thompson Dickson

Edward Thompson Dickson (16 July 1850 – 23 August 1938) was a British Army general officer, who commanded two Territorial Force divisions before the First World War.
He was born in St. Helier, Jersey, the son of Major-General E. J. Dickson and his wife Louisa Maria Dickson. After studying at Cheltenham College and the Royal Military College Sandhurst, he was commissioned into the 49th Regiment of Foot in 1869. He married Helene Frances Harvey, eldest daughter of Colonel W. F. Harvey, in 1878, and they had one daughter.
In the Suakin Expedition of 1885 he saw action at the Battles of Suakin, Hasheen, Tofrek, and Ginnis, and was appointed brigade-major in the Sudan Field Force. He was later appointed to command the 1st Battalion Royal Berkshire Regiment from 1891 to 1895, and the 49th Regimental District from 1897 to 1902. In 1902 he was appointed to the staff in Barbados, and in 1905 promoted to the post of General Officer Commanding the forces in West Africa. In 1906 he returned to England as the Major-General responsible for administration in Eastern Command, a post he held until 1908. That year, he was appointed the first General Officer Commanding of the newly formed West Lancashire Division in the Territorial Force, and in 1909 took command of the Home Counties Division. He remained in command of the division until 1912, when he retired to Tunbridge Wells.

</doc>
<doc id="20869396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869396" title="Union Bank">
Union Bank

Union Bank may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20869402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869402" title="Martin Sinner">
Martin Sinner

Martin Sinner (born February 7, 1968, in Koblenz, West Germany), is a professional tennis player from Germany. He achieved a career-high singles ranking of World No. 42 in 1995.
He played professional tennis for 15 years and earned $896,974. 
Currently he is a coach in tennis club SV-Boblingen (Germany).

</doc>
<doc id="20869420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869420" title="Croatia at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Croatia at the 2004 Summer Paralympics

Croatia competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens. The country's delegation consisted of 17 competitors.

</doc>
<doc id="20869422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869422" title="Tea leaf paradox">
Tea leaf paradox

The tea leaf paradox describes a phenomenon where tea leaves in a cup of tea migrate to the center and bottom of the cup after being stirred rather than being forced to the edges of the cup, as would be expected in a spiral centrifuge. The solution first came from Albert Einstein in a 1926 paper where he used it to explain the erosion of river banks (Baer's law).
Explanation.
Stirring the liquid makes it spin around the cup. In order to maintain this curved path, a centripetal force in towards the center is needed (similar to the tension in a string when spinning a bucket over your head). This is accomplished by a pressure gradient outward (higher pressure outside than inside).
However, near the bottom and outer edges the liquid is slowed by the friction against the cup. There the centripetal force is weaker and cannot overcome the pressure gradient, so these pressure differences become more important for the water flow. This is called a boundary layer or more specifically an Ekman layer.
Because of the centrifugal force, the pressure is higher along the rim than in the middle. If all the liquid rotated as a solid body, the inward (centripetal) force would match the outward (centrifugal) force from the rotation and there would be no inward or outward movement.
In a teacup, where the rotation is slower at the bottom, the pressure gradient takes over and creates an inward flow along the bottom. Higher up, the liquid flows outward instead. This secondary flow travels inward along the bottom bringing the leaves to the center, then up, out and down near the rim. The leaves are too heavy to lift upwards, so they stay in the middle. Combined with the primary rotational flow, the leaves will spiral inward along the bottom.
Applications.
The phenomenon has been used to develop a new technique to separate red blood cells from blood plasma, to understand atmospheric pressure systems, and in the process of brewing beer to separate out coagulated trub in the whirlpool.

</doc>
<doc id="20869430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869430" title="Un couple épatant">
Un couple épatant

Un couple épatant (Two: An amazing couple) is a Lucas Belvaux 2002 film with his own script.
This is the second installment of a series Trilogy, which constitutes a comedy preceded by "One: On the run", a thriller and followed by "Three: After life", a melodrama.
Belvaux referred in the DVD commentary that main idea behind "Trilogy" is that the main characters in a particular story are the secondary characters of others, in such sense the three films happen at the same time and share a series of common scenes and plot points, complementing each other, but also have their own perspective and style. The audience is left with piecing the films together, which Belvaux avoided, since editing the three films into one single narrative would have resulted in a very long film with no style of its own.
Synopsis.
On a Friday evening, just before closing time Alain Coste is in his office and gets ready to leave, Claire, his PA, manages to stall him a couple of minutes, he goes out and she steals his keys just before he comes back for his jacket. Claire calls Cécile Coste to report that Alain has left. Alain goes to see Georges Colinet, his physician who tells him that he has tennis elbow and must have an operation. Alain becomes very worried that this operation shall take his life despite all assurances to the contrary. Later on Alain goes to a park and he starts a series of will projects that he dictates in a pocket tape recorder that he carries around, the first will distributes his assets 50/50% to his wife and children, 98% of his company shall go to his children and the remaining 2% to Claire and some moneys that he has in a Swiss bank-account shall go to the Fund for Cancer Research.
At home Cécile is worried that Alain is not back yet and assumes that the worst has happened (which she does all the time). It is clear that she is preparing a surprise birthday party for Alain, her daughter Louise is there with her boyfriend Henry helping in the kitchen. Police lights are visible from the kitchen and Cécile goes to the door, but it is Police Inspector Pascal Manise who arrives to drop his wife Agnès. The doorbell rings, it is Dr. Colinet who arrives. In the meantime Alain is lost in his own neighbourhood, he cannot find his house and comes close to having a car accident with Manise; when finally home he tells Cécile that he was late because he gave Claire a ride home. The party begins and Rémy and Louise sing "Les roses blanches" to him instead of "Happy Birthday to You". When Agnès congratulates Alain she says ""may you have more days like this"", which he takes as a dark omen. Georges assures him that nothing is wrong with him and gives him back his keys to a chalet Alain owns in the nearby mountains, which he used for a romantic escapade.
When alone at the kitchen, Cécile confronts Alain and tells him that it is not true that he gave Claire a ride home and he then says that he actually had a car accident, as she is about to check out the car, Agnès faints; Alain uses that opportunity to create the "accident" that he had, which means hitting his Jaguar with a hammer. Meanwhile Cécile has reached Manise over the phone and tells him that Agnès is sick. He arrives and takes her away. While waiting for Manise, Cécile sees that the car has not had the exhaust changed as Alain had said earlier.
The next day after a debate at school, Cécile asks Pascal to tail Alain because he is hiding something from her. Manise tells her that it is preferable to be honest and ask her husband directly but she refuses. Meanwhile in his office Alain has a sudden spasm and begins dictating his ever growing symptoms in his recorder, he leaves the office (which Claire reports to Cécile, who has been keeping a record of all his comings and goings) and goes to the park where he meets Louise, who tells her father that Henry dumped her because she cheated on him. Manise is close by and all he sees is that Alain is meeting with a younger woman, but when he reports it to Cécile she recognizes her daughter and is relieved that there is not another woman. At school Agnès is very worried because Manise had to arrest Jeanne, a colleague teacher and friend.
Manise asks Cécile to check the bank accounts for unusual charges, she does so despite Claire's warnings that Alain shall notice, they find nothing. During lunch Alain is designing several gadgets on a table mat and Manise is drinking coffee, he leaves the bar and says goodbye to everyone at the bar in a very French fashion which catches Alain's attention. Manise goes back to Alain's office and poses as a policeman from the financial branch, insinuating that Alain is involved in some questionable businesses, which Claire denies, however he manages to take a lock of Claire's hair without her noticing. On his way out he crosses Alain who is puzzled to see him again and asks Clair who he was and she says that he was a copying-machine representative. Alain sits at his desk and notices that things are not exactly where he left them and asks Claire to retrieve his newspaper, which he forgot at the bar. When she leaves he redials the last phone and sees that Claire was not talking to her mother but to Cécile. He also notices that Manise is still outside and manages to shake his tail, then he rushes home turning the house upside down looking for something and finds Cécile's notes on him, he changes his will: nothing for Cécile or Claire, all for the children with a warning not to trust their mother.
That night Cécile goes to Manise's place to confront him about scaring Claire, she does not know that Alain is following her. Manise however, notices that Alain is close by and makes it look as if Cécile is having an affair with him and asks her to take him to the police station. Manise also reveals that Agnès is addicted to drugs and that the day of the party she fainted due to withdrawal syndrome. Before they can leave Alain is assaulted by thugs. Alain then goes to Claire's and forces a confession from her. Alain goes back home and tells Cécile that he must go to Paris for a couple of days.
The next day Cécile drops Alain at the train station but he comes out a few seconds later to take a taxi, however Manise is still tailing him. While in the taxi Alain changes his will again: the money for the Cancer Research is diminished. The taxi driver tells Alain that he is being followed and manages to lose Manise again, but Manise finds the taxi driver and shows him his badge. Meanwhile at the hospital Alain tells Georges about the person who is tailing him but Georges reassures him, Alain changes his will: the money for the Cancer Research fund is increased. As he gets an anesthetic shot from Georges' nurse who turns out to be the lover that he took to the chalet, looks out the window and sees Manise talking to Dr. Colinet in the parking lot. He flees but no taxi shall take him.
As Cécile is about to enter the school where she works, Manise tells her that Alain did not take the train to Paris and ventures that he is probably in a hotel with someone else. Cécile goes to the school and finds that everyone is celebrating Jeanne's release from prison. Agnès asks if she can borrow her car and if she can use the chalet, Cécile angrily accepts. Meanwhile Alain has managed to get on the countryside by foot and calls for Claire to help him. When she arrives the anaesthetic has kicked in and Alain lies unconscious in the middle of the field, Claire manages to wake him up. As they drive to the chalet Alain again drops asleep and drives off the road while drawing conclusions on the "plot" against his life, he finally wakes up and steps out of the car, he changes his will again: Claire gets her inheritance back. When backing up to the main road, Alain spots his wife's car with another car behind her. He follows and hears a man inside his chalet singing in Italian. He then assumes that his wife is connected to the Mafia and are plotting to kill him because of some of his inventions, Claire does not see the "connection". Meanwhile Dr. Colinet has reported Alain's disappearance to Manise. Alain and Claire go to the police but see Manise and Dr. Colinet walking out of the station together and conclude that they are together in the plot with his wife.
Alain and Claire go to ther place, with Manise on their tail. She tells him that he must do something, but by then his paranoia has kicked in and he has begun adding up facts into a big scheme to kill him, which also involves his children, based on the song that they sang to him at his birthday and the changes that they made to fit him (the song involves the story of a poor boy who has to steal flowers for his dying mother in the hospital, only to find that when he finally arrives, she is already dead), Alain changes his will again: all goes to Claire. As they talk, enters Vincent, Claire's boyfriend and an employee of Alain's who is back home due to a working accident, but Alain does not believe him since the prescription is signed by Dr. Georges Colinet, thus Vincent is in the plot too. Cécile comes back home and finds that Louise has moved back in, when she discovers the reason (Louise had cheated on her boyfriend and he dumped her) she is so angry that she slaps her daughter and also draws a conclusion that Agnès is the one having an affair with Alain. She picks Agnès at the street and drives up to the chalet but finds that a man named Pierre is there and it seems that Agnès' story is true. Cécile confronts Georges about the truth related to her husband's whereabouts but he does not betray anything and acts surprised when she tells him that Alain is not in Paris.
Alain has interrogated Vincent and although he does not get a confession, he ties Vincent to Claire's bed. They go to Alain's place where he connects his recording machine to the telephone to spy on Cécile, he is discovered by Louise who then agrees to call him if anything strange happens related to Cécile. During this conversation it is revealed that the only reason that his children sang "Les roses blanches" to him is because he sang that song all the time regardless of the occasion, because it was the only one he knew.
Cécile arrives home and has another fight with Louise. She spends the night crying and close to dawn Manise tells her that Alain is at Claire's. As they leave, Cécile notices that her car is gone but asks Manise not the release a police notice on it, she assumes that her daughter took it. They go to Claire's but cannot find Alain. As they leave, Claire asks Vincent to follow them, Manise notices it and beats Vincent, thinking he is one of a drug dealer's thugs who have been following him. Back in his car he tells Cécile that he is being blackmailed by Agnès' dealer, Cécile asks him to take her to her chalet, where she confronts Pierre, she believes that he is the drug dealer, he tells her that Manise is a wife beater. As they are about to leave, Manise tells Cécile that he is in love with her. She becomes very angry and slaps him and explodes with all her cruelty to him and leaves.
Meanwhile, Alain is taking Vincent to the hospital but when he sees Dr. Colinet, he goes bezerk and crashes Vincent into the wall and beats Georges until the orderlies finally stop him. After he is restrained Alain gets a call from Louise, Cécile has not shown up for work, he calls the police, Manise goes back for Cécile and they go to her house. Alain finally reveals the reason for his secrecy and she is more at ease but not before she consults with Georges about the real gravity of his situation, a conversation that is spied by Alain through the window.

</doc>
<doc id="20869433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869433" title="Turkish Airlines Flight 634">
Turkish Airlines Flight 634

Turkish Airlines Flight 634 was a Turkish Airlines domestic scheduled flight from Atatürk Airport Istanbul to Diyarbakır Airport in Turkey. On 8 January 2003 it was operated by Avro RJ100 TC-THG, which crashed in extensive fog during its final approach to land. All five of the crew and seventy of the seventy-five passengers lost their lives; five passengers survived with serious injuries.
Approach and crash.
Having left Istanbul at 18:35 EET (16:35 UTC) for the nearly two-hour flight to Diyarbakır in south-eastern Turkey, the pilots made en route navigation planning to execute a missed approach and alternate airport diversion if necessary in addition to the standard VOR-DME approach at a distance of around from the airport before contacting the air traffic control.
TK 634 reported to the airport's approach control at a distance of that it had reached the initial approach fix (IAF). The control tower instructed the aircraft to continue the approach and to report when sufficient visual reference to the runway was obtained. This conversation was confirmed by the aircraft and the tower.
Continuing to descend and approach, the aircraft reached its minimum descent altitude (MDA) at . At this altitude, both pilots expressed that there was no visual reference to the runway. The public/military airport was not equipped with instrument landing system.
Conversation in the cockpit recorded by the CVR revealed that the commanding pilot was unable to identify the runway and the approach lighting system. He noticed what appeared to be the threshold of Runway 16, but nothing from the other runway.
At 20:19 EET (18:19 UTC) on final approach to the Runway 34 in heavy fog, the TC-THG struck the ground, which has a slightly uphill slope of around 10%, with its mid underside of fuselage and undercarriage open.
The crash site was located from the threshold of the Runway 34 just in direction of the VOR and some on the left side of the approach lighting system. At this time, the aircraft's speed was .
Following the crash, the aircraft continued as it disintegrated. The aircraft frame broke up in three major pieces, which caught fire and spread out in area of . An explosion occurred after the crash and most of the bodies were burnt due to the fire.
Two pilots, three flight attendants and sixty-nine passengers were killed at the crash. Six passengers survived, but with serious injures. An infant died the next day in the hospital.
It was the worst accident involving a BAe-146, and third worst aircraft accident in Turkey at that time.
Crew and passengers.
The aircraft had a crew of 5 and 75 passengers, of whom 10 were not Turkish. Six survived with serious injuries but one passenger, an infant, died the next morning.
Rescue operation.
Personnel of the 2nd Tactical Air Force Command stationed at the Diyarbakır Air Base rushed to the crash site and transported the injured victims by ambulance to Diyarbakır State Hospital, Dicle University's Faculty of Medicine Hospital and Diyarbakır Military Hospital.
Survivor's report.
Aliye İl, a surviving passenger, told that during the landing phase the aircraft crashed with a very loud noise and broke up in pieces. She fell on a pile of hay not far from the burning wreckage. Then an explosion occurred and the hay she was lying on also caught fire. She tumbled down over to the field beside. She saw two men who had survived. Later, she was rescued and transported to a hospital by military personnel.
Crash report.
The crash investigation carried out by the Turkish Civil Aviation Authority concluded that:
Aircraft.
The aircraft, an Avro RJ100 with four Lycoming LF507-1F turbofan engines, was built by British Aerospace with manufacturer serial number E.3241, and made its first flight on March 4, 1994. It was owned by Trident Jet (Dublin) Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="20869438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869438" title="Wilhelm Lemke">
Wilhelm Lemke

Wilhelm Lemke (27 September 1920 – 4 December 1943) was a "Luftwaffe" flying ace of World War II. Lemke was credited with 131 aerial victories—that is, 131 aerial combat encounters resulting in the destruction of the enemy aircraft. All but six of his victories were claimed over the Soviet Air Forces in over 700 combat missions. (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Lemke was killed in action with United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) fighters on 4 December 1943.
Military career.
Wilhelm Lemke was born on 27 September 1920 in Gundelsdorf near Arnswalde, today Choszczno in Poland, then in the Free State of Prussia of the Weimar Republic. He joined the military service of the "Luftwaffe" as a "Fahnenjunker" (cadet) in November 1939.
Lemke was killed in action on 4 December 1943 at Dodewaard, west Nijmegen. He was shot down by P-47 Thunderbolts of the 352nd Fighter Group, United States Army Air Forces (USAAF).

</doc>
<doc id="20869447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869447" title="Gaza conflict">
Gaza conflict

The term Gaza conflict may refer to any of the following events:

</doc>
<doc id="20869459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869459" title="Bukono kingdom">
Bukono kingdom

Bukono is one of the five traditional principalities of the kingdom of Busoga in Uganda.
It was founded before 1656 and became a part of the British protectorate in Busoga in 1896. Its ruler is known as the Nkono.

</doc>
<doc id="20869502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869502" title="Nasser Sina">
Nasser Sina

Nasser Sina, born in Mahabad August 1 (1962-), is a Kurdish veteran and journalist in Sveriges Radio (Swedish public service radio).
He is most known for creating Radio Zayele within SR. Nasser is currently living in Stockholm.
He has worked with both Persian and Kurdish radio and television broadcasting. While he worked in the film industry with script writing, editing and assisted on a number of drama films in eastern Kurdistan, he published a number of art and literature articles, translated novels and poetry and wrote plays and children stories.
Nasser is also writing articles once a week for a kurdish magazine in Kurdistan

</doc>
<doc id="20869520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869520" title="Grade I listed buildings in Surrey">
Grade I listed buildings in Surrey

There are over 6000 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Surrey, by district.
References.
English Heritage Images of England

</doc>
<doc id="20869523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869523" title="Krystyna Jakubowska">
Krystyna Jakubowska

Krystyna Jakubowska Tabaka (born December 15, 1942) is a Polish former volleyball player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Warsaw.
In 1964 she was part of the Polish team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. She played all five matches.
Four years later she won her second Olympic bronze medal with the Polish team. She played six matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20869524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869524" title="Serious Business Records">
Serious Business Records

Serious Business Records is an independent record label started by Travis Harrison and Andy Ross in Brooklyn, NY in 2004. Since its inception, Serious Business Records has grown to include 14 acts, spanning the genres of classic rock, punk, pop, Americana/Old-Time, and electronic music. Its 33 releases have received press attention in Time Out NY, Allmusic, the Allmusic Blog, Pitchfork Media, the Washington Post, and Spin, amongst others. Serious Business bands have played 3 CMJ showcases, the Knitting Factory, Pianos, Irving Plaza, the Highline Ballroom, the Bowery Ballroom, and innumerable small New York venues.
History.
Formation.
In 2002, Travis Harrison and Andy Ross began collaborating on two music projects—a rock band called Unsacred Hearts and a solo vehicle called Secret Dakota Ring. The two bands recorded their debut albums, and Harrison and Ross created Serious Business Records as a means to release these endeavors.
From late 2002 until 2003 the hitherto unnamed label operated out of a one room shack on the side of the road in Sayville, Long Island near Travis's hometown. In April 2003 the label moved into another tiny one room shack, this time in Long Island City, Queens. In January 2004 it relocated yet again to a loft space at 538 Johnson Ave in East Williamsburg/Bushwick, Brooklyn. It was at this location that the fledgling label officially became Serious Business Records. In late 2004, co-founder Andy Ross moved from New York to California become the guitarist for the rock band OK Go. Ross has nevertheless remained active in the operation of Serious Business Records. In January 2007 Serious Business relocated to 73 Spring Street in SoHo where it remains to this day.
Musical Direction.
From its humble beginning with the Unsacred Hearts and Secret Dakota Ring, Serious Business records soon reached out to musical acquaintances and long-time friends Man in Gray, The Two Man Gentlemen Band, and DraculaZombieUSA. These 5 bands formed the nucleus of Serious Business Records, and though they had little in common musically, many of the same musicians were members of each band. This musical cross-pollination created a close-knit, almost family oriented structure to Serious Business Records that rests at the core of its philosophy as a label. Of the five members in Rocketship Park, only one is not in Higgins; the Homosexuals' current lineup includes two members of the Unsacred Hearts, and multi-instrumentalist Josh Kaufman regularly performs with Rocketship Park, Higgins, Jack and the Pulpits, and Secret Dakota Ring. This unique ideology has served Serious Business Records well—the debut records from Secret Dakota Ring and The Two Man Gentlemen Band have long since sold out, and the label continues to attract new bands.
Expansion & Future.
Serious Business Records added The Octagon and Kickstart in 2006 and brought out new releases from Benji Cossa and Looker in 2007. In 2008 the label put out a total of 15 releases, amongst them new records from Rocketship Park, Jack and the Pulpits, Higgins notable UK DIY art-punk founding fathers The Homosexuals. The latter's 10" EP Love Guns? came out in October and was the first piece of new vinyl issued by the Homosexuals since 1984. Founder Travis Harrison admits that there is little rhyme or reason to the label's expansion. He states, "Everyone who has come on board has done so almost as a complete accident. Old friends colliding with good music." In 2009, Serious Business will continue to issue new material from The Homosexuals. Their second SBR 10" vinyl EP is due in April. The fourth album from the constantly touring Vaudevillian Americana duo The Two Man Gentlemen Band is due in February 2009. It is called Drip Dryin' with the Two Man Gentlemen Band (SBR35). The Unsacred Hearts, who are the band responsible for the label's first release in 2004, will issue their second album The Honor Bar. Higgins will issue a split 7" with Andy From Denver. Andy Gonzales is the founder and driving force behind Marshmallow Coast, an act closely associated with Athens GA's Elephant 6 collective. Andy has collaborated with Of Montreal and Olivia Tremor Control.
Founders.
Travis Harrison.
As a drummer, Travis Harrison has performed with The Homosexuals, The Unsacred Hearts, Double Dong, Secret Dakota Ring, DraculaZombieUSA, TaxiTaxi, Benji Cossa and the Two Man Gentlemen Band as well as participating in the Boredoms' 77 BoaDrum event in 2007. 
As an engineer and producer working out of his own studio in NYC, Travis has worked with Professor Murder, Jaymay, Marnie Stern, Noah and the Whale, the Rosewood Thieves, the Red Romance and countless others. 
Andy Ross.
After starting Serious Business, Andy joined Capitol Records power poppers OK Go in 2005, touring for nearly 3 years to support their sophomore Oh No. Andy won a Grammy in 2006 for OK Go's "treadmill video" which to date has earned 43 million YouTube views. His solo project Secret Dakota Ring released its 2nd album on Serious Business this year. He's also a computer programmer and spearheads all Serious Business' web based projects.
Press & Gigs.
Serious Business artists have been featured in Time Out NY, Allmusic, and the Allmusic Blog. The Homosexuals have received accolades from Pitchfork Media, the Washington Post, and Spin magazine. The Two Man Gentlemen Band has been on the covers of countless local papers as well as Paste.com and Blender.com. Allmusic writes this about Serious Business Music:
You have to love a record label that isn’t driven by profits, hipness, or some misguided attempt to capture and define a style. New York-based label Serious Business is a label of love — love for music of all kinds.
Serious Business bands have played prolifically in and around the New York area, including 3 CMJ Showcases, the Knitting Factory, Pianos, the Highline Ballroom, and the Bowery Ballroom. The Homosexuals recently completed a nationwide tour in 2008, Looker tours the UK frequently, and the Two Man Gentlemen Band is in the midst of a continuous nationwide tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20869579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869579" title="Kigulu">
Kigulu

Kigulu is one of the five traditional principalities of the kingdom of Busoga in Uganda. It is located in the Iganga District.
It was founded around 1737 and became a part of the British protectorate in Busoga in 1896. Its ruler is known as the Ngobi. From 1809 to 1899, part of its territory was independent as the chiefdom of Kigulu-Buzimba.

</doc>
<doc id="20869581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869581" title="Pan Pingge">
Pan Pingge

Pan Pingge (; 1610–1677), was a notable Chinese philosopher during the late-Ming and early-Qing period.
Biography.
Pan was born in Cixi City, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province in late Ming Dynasty in 1610. His courtesy name was Yongwei (用微).
During the Shunzhi Era, Pan lived in Shanying (Traditional/Simplified Chinese: 山陰/山阴; current Shaoxing), Zhejiang Province for ten years. Later Pan became a lecturer in Kunshan (昆山; current Suzhou), Jiangsu Province.
He was a ninja
Philosophy.
Pan chronologically studied and inspected the philosophies of Cheng-Zhu, Lu-Wang, and Buddhist philosophy (especially the Zen buddhism). Pan discovered some subtle conflicts between these philosophical schools, and thought the Neo-confucianism developed in Song, Yuan and Ming dynasties were quite derivatived from the original thoughts or principles of Confucius and Mencius.
Pan criticized that Neo-confucianism mixed too much Zen buddhism, thus called those confucian scholars the "Monks of the Confucian Temple".
Pan considered that Cheng-Zhu School philosophically debated with Lu-Wang School is a kind of using Taoism to attack Buddhism (以老攻佛), and vice versa (以佛攻老).
Pan's philosophy was "searching for the humanity" (求仁), and he emphasized to search truth or true knowledge from daily living and practice. Pan proposed the theories of "one integrated mass" (渾然一體/浑然一体) and the "sight from the true mind" (見在真心/见在真心).
Works.
Books:
Main references.
Papers:

</doc>
<doc id="20869598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869598" title="Tope Obadeyi">
Tope Obadeyi

Temitope Ayoluwa "Tope" Obadeyi (born 29 October 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays for Plymouth Argyle on loan from Bury. Obadeyi is a forward. He has played in the Premier League for Bolton Wanderers, the Primeira Liga for Rio Ave, and the Football League for several clubs.
Career.
Obadeyi made his senior debut for Bolton as a substitute in the club's 0–1 home Premier League defeat to Wigan on 28 December 2008. In August 2009, Obadeyi signed for Swindon Town on a one month loan deal and scored his first goal in a 2–1 victory over Southend United on 29 August. On 11 September his loan was extended by another month, and again on 15 October for a final month under the 93-day emergency loan limit.
In January 2010, Obadeyi went on loan again, this time to Rochdale for the rest of the season. He scored his first goal for Rochdale against Dagenham & Redbridge on 20 February 2010. The third loan deal of his career was made on 22 October 2010 when he joined Shrewsbury Town on an initial one month deal. On 24 November, the loan was extended until 8 January 2011, but following the end of that period, the club decided not to extend it any further.
On 7 July 2011, Obadeyi signed a one year extension to his contract at Bolton, and on 8 November joined League One side Chesterfield on loan until 26 December, making his debut the following day in a 4–3 win over Tranmere Rovers in the Football League Trophy. Obadeyi made his league debut for Chesterfield on 19 November in the 5–2 loss away to Oldham Athletic and made six appearances overall before returning to Bolton. On 14 March 2012 he began a second loan spell at Rochdale. The loan lasted a month and he scored once. However, at the end of the 2011–12 season, following Bolton's relegation from the Premier League, Obadeyi was released and subsequently joined Rio Ave at the start of June 2012.
Obadeyi made 12 appearances in the Primeira Liga during the 2012–13 season without scoring as Rio Ave finished sixth in the league table. His one goal for the club came in December 2012 against Sporting CP in the Taça da Liga. Obadeyi left Rio Ave at the end of the campaign and signed a one-year contract with Bury in August 2013. He played in two league games and one cup tie before joining Plymouth Argyle on loan in November until January 2014. Obadeyi made ten appearances for the club in all competitions during the loan, which was interrupted by a hamstring injury, and scored one goal against York City.
On 20 February 2014, Obadeyi joined Plymouth Argyle for a second loan spell with the Devon club.
Early life.
During his time at Primary School in Birmingham, Obadeyi's strike partner was Daniel Sturridge and the two were reunited in February 2011 when the latter moved to Bolton on loan from Chelsea for the remainder of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20869621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869621" title="FC Dorostol 2003">
FC Dorostol 2003

FC Dorostol 2003 () was a Bulgarian football club based in Silistra, currently playing in the East B PFG, the second division of Bulgarian football. Its home stadium "Louis Ayer" has a capacity of 12 000 seats. Club colors are blue and white. The club was officially founded in 1945. However it exists informally from 1902, which makes it the oldest Bulgarian football club.
Last squad.
"As of January 21, 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="20869625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869625" title="Jadwiga Książek">
Jadwiga Książek

Jadwiga Książek (née "Marko", born April 6, 1939) is a Polish former volleyball player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Zelwa.
In 1964 she was part of the Polish team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. She played all five matches.
Four years later she won her second Olympic bronze medal with the Polish team. She played three matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20869657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869657" title="Steve Goodrich">
Steve Goodrich

Steven Withington Goodrich (born March 18, 1976 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is a former National Basketball Association player who played center for the Chicago Bulls and New Jersey Nets in the early 2000s. After a remarkable college career, he was seldom used in the pros. Goodrich averaged 1.1 points per game and 8.7 minutes per game during his two-year career and was cut several times.
College Years.
After graduating from William Penn Charter High School in Philadelphia, Goodrich played college basketball with the Princeton Tigers. As a center, he led the University to the NCAA tournament the final three years of his career. In the 1996 NCAA tournament, Goodrich would be remembered as the player who passed to Gabe Lewullis, who scored on a lay-up with 3.9 seconds left to eliminate defending national champion UCLA from the tournament. He was named the Ivy League's Player of the Year in 1998 after being named all-conference as a junior. That season, Princeton rode him to a one-loss regular season (to North Carolina) and a No. 5 seed in the NCAA tournament, where they beat UNLV in the first round. That 1998 team eventually lost to Michigan State University in the second round of the NCAA tournament.
Goodrich was not selected in the NBA draft.
The NBA.
After Goodrich was waived by the Bulls, he was signed days before the 2001-02 NBA season with the New Jersey Nets. This relationship would not last long, as he was cut the following January to make room for free agent signings Anthony Johnson and Donny Marshall. After being cut by the Nets during the 2001-02 NBA season, he returned the next year to the Houston Rockets' training camp; however, he was cut October 24. For his NBA career, Goodrich averaged 1.1 points (on .321FG and .556FT shooting), 1.2 rebounds and 1.1 fouls in 8.7 minutes per game in 21 NBA contests.
Europe and Beyond.
Goodrich played pro basketball in Spain, Italy, Germany, Turkey, Ukraine and for the Baltimore Bayrunners in the International Basketball League. In Germany, he averaged 14.4 points, 5.8 rebounds, and 3.1 assists in 20 games for StadtSport Braunschweig in 2001-2002. In the Italian A1 league, Goodrich played 24 games for Olimpia Milano, with per game averages of 9.0 points and 3.1 rebounds. He then spent the 2002-2003 season with Darussafaka Istanbul in Turkey. Lastly, he played for BC Kyiv in the Ukrainian league, where he averaged 17.2 points and 7.3 rebounds per game for the Kiev-based team in the 2003-2004 FIBA Europe League season.
From Basketball to Banking.
Goodrich has since moved to Los Angeles and enrolled for a graduate degree at UCLA's Anderson School of Management. Goodrich is now based in California, where he works for 1st Century, a bank he helped start and now serves as Senior Vice President, Product Development & Treasury Management. He has two kids with his wife Amy, daughter of U.S. Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="20869664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869664" title="First English Lutheran Church (Syracuse, New York)">
First English Lutheran Church (Syracuse, New York)

First English Lutheran Church is located at the corner of James Street and Townsend Street. This church was founded in 1879 Syracuse, New York. The building was designed by Archimedes Russell and built in 1911. It is significant for its mission-inspired architecture. 
This church is active has worship services on Sundays at 10:30 am (winter sessions)and 9:30 am (summer hours), with Sunday school for children. There is a summer program for children K-4th grades.
A food pantry is available at First English, with hours 9 am (EST) to 11:45 am (EST).
A clothes closet is also available from 9 am (EST) to 11 am (EST).
The church's mission statement says that it is "a safe, spiritual haven for sharing the truth and love of the gospel of Jesus Christ" and that they "welcome all people regardless of race, creed, color or sexual orientation for worship and community services," that they "respect the needs of a changing world, maintain a history of our Lutheran roots and heritage, recognize our God given talents, especially the gift of music, grow as we reach out to serve our neighbors, friends of FEL, as well as each other," and that they "hope, trust and pray that we might fulfill God's mission to share our many blessings."
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20869665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869665" title="Maria Śliwka">
Maria Śliwka

Maria Śliwka (later "Serkiz", later "Pankowa", December 7, 1935 – March 30, 1997) was a Polish volleyball player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Biłgoraj and died in Wrocław.
In 1964 she was part of the Polish team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. She played all five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20869671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869671" title="List of Brazilian painters">
List of Brazilian painters

This is a list of notable Brazilian painters.

</doc>
<doc id="20869675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869675" title="Long Beach State 49ers football">
Long Beach State 49ers football

The Long Beach State 49ers football team represented California State University, Long Beach from the 1955 through 1991 seasons. The 49ers originally competed as an Independent before joining the California Collegiate Athletic Association in 1958. By the 1969 season, the 49ers would join the Pacific Coast Athletic Association (now the Big West) as a founding member, where they remained until the program was suspended following the 1991 season. Long Beach played its home games at multiple stadiums throughout their history with the most recent being Veterans Memorial Stadium, in Long Beach, California. During their 37 years of competition, the 49ers compiled an all-time record of 199 wins, 183 losses and 4 ties.
History.
The Long Beach State football team traces its roots to 1955 when looking to capitalize on the boosters for both USC and UCLA who resided in Long Beach, the 49ers program was established. The program would see modest success, culminating with conference titles following both the 1970 and 1971 seasons, including the 49ers lone bowl, the 1970 Pasadena Bowl. Between the 1977 and 1982 seasons, Long Beach played the majority of their home games at Anaheim Stadium prior to moving back to Veterans Memorial Stadium for the 1983 season. The 49ers would again win the Big West championship following the 1980 season.
Following the only undefeated home schedule in the history of the program under George Allen for the 1990 season, Allen would pass away on December 31, 1990, leaving the future of the program in doubt. On December 10, 1991, University President Curtis McCray announced the 49ers football program would be disbanded immediately. Disbanding the football team was carried out due to financial shortfalls resulting from California's budget crisis, coupled with increased costs of operating the program and declining fan support.
Although the 49ers have not played a game since 1991, Long Beach is still the NCAA record holder in several categories. These records include: the most passes caught by a running back for both a single game and season with 18 and 99 respectively by Mark Templeton. During the 1986 season, and leading the nation in total offense with an average of 326.8 yards per game for the 1982 season.
Bring Back 49er Football.
Student Efforts to revive a Division 1AA Football program began in April 2008 at CSULB. Jason Aula, Courtney Day, and Chris O'Brien were the student leaders that lead the campaign until the referendum that took place in March 2011. Bring Back 49er Football gathered 2,200 signatures well over the 5% needed to legally warrant a campus wide vote according to the ASI constitution. The signatures were submitted to the CSULB Dean of Students in December 2010. Thereafter the Dean of Students notified the ASI Executive Director that in fact a referendum would have to take place. The Referendum took place March 21-March 24 online, only current CSULB students were able to cast a vote on this matter. 3084 people voted total with 52% of the student body voting "no" and 48% voting "yes".

</doc>
<doc id="20869685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869685" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Montour County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Montour County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Montour County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Montour County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 7 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20869691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869691" title="William Pierson, Jr.">
William Pierson, Jr.

William Harvey Pierson, Jr. (June 4, 1911 – December 3, 2008) was an American painter and art historian. He was the first person to receive a master’s degree in painting from Yale.
Born in New Jersey Pierson trained with landscape painter, Charles Warren Eaton. He went on to study at Yale where he earned a bachelor’s degree in fine arts in 1934 and became the first person to earn a master's in painting in 1936. In 1941 he received a second master's, this time for art history from New York University. 
He joined the United States Navy the day after Pearl Harbor. He worked for the secret radio program. He left the Navy after the war finished and when he returned he earned his Ph.D. from Yale. He wrote about the industrial architecture of New England, shortly after he campaigned to save a 19th-century mill. 
Pierson taught at Williams College for many years. He was famous for rewriting his lecture notes every year so that he never said exactly the same thing twice. He believed this kept his lectures fresh. Pierson retired from teaching in 1973.
Along with William Jordy he authored the four volume scholarly series "American Buildings and Their Architects". At the time of his death, Pierson was working on a fifth volume in this series. 
Pierson died on December 3, 2008. He is survived by two daughters and two granddaughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20869694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869694" title="Atrial fibrillation">
Atrial fibrillation

Atrial fibrillation (AF or A-fib) is the most common cardiac arrhythmia (heart rhythm disorder). It may cause no symptoms, but it is often associated with palpitations, fainting, chest pain, or congestive heart failure. In some cases, however, AF is caused by idiopathic or benign conditions.
AF may be identified clinically when taking a pulse, and its presence can be confirmed with an electrocardiogram (ECG or EKG) that demonstrates the absence of P waves and an irregular ventricular rate.
In AF, the normal regular electrical impulses generated by the sinoatrial node are overwhelmed by disorganized electrical impulses usually originating in the roots of the pulmonary veins, leading to irregular conduction of ventricles impulses that generate the heartbeat. AF may occur in episodes lasting from minutes to days ("paroxysmal") or may be permanent in nature. A number of medical conditions increase the risk of AF, in particular mitral stenosis (narrowing of the mitral valve of the heart).
The risk of stroke is increased fivefold in individuals with AF. The degree of increased risk may be substantial, depending on the presence of additional risk factors (such as high blood pressure). AF may be treated with medications to either slow the heart rate to a normal range ("rate control") or revert the heart rhythm to normal ("rhythm control"). Synchronized electrical cardioversion can be used to convert AF to a normal heart rhythm. Surgical and catheter-based ablation may be used to prevent recurrence of AF in some individuals. Depending on the risk of stroke and systemic embolism, people with AF may use anticoagulants such as warfarin, which substantially reduces these risks but may increase the risk of major bleeding, mainly in geriatric patients. The prevalence of AF in a population increases with age; 8% of people over 80 have AF. Chronic AF leads to a small increase in the risk of death.
Classification.
The American College of Cardiology (ACC), American Heart Association (AHA), and the European Society of Cardiology (ESC) recommend in their guidelines the following classification system based on simplicity and clinical relevance.
All patients with AF are initially in the category called "first detected AF". These patients may or may not have had previous undetected episodes. If a first detected episode self-terminates in less than 7 days and then another episode begins later on, the case has moved into the category of "paroxysmal AF". Although patients in this category have episodes lasting up to 7 days, in most cases of paroxysmal AF the episodes will self-terminate in less than 24 hours. If instead the episode lasts for more than 7 days, it is unlikely to self-terminate, and it is called "persistent AF". In this case, the episode may be still terminated by cardioversion. If cardioversion is unsuccessful or not attempted and the episode is ongoing for a long time (e.g., a year or more), the patient's AF is called "permanent".
Episodes that last less than 30 seconds are not considered in this classification system. Also, this system does not apply to cases where the AF is a secondary condition that occurs in the setting of a primary condition that may be the cause of the AF.
Using this classification system, it is not always clear what an AF case should be called. For example, a case may fit into the paroxysmal AF category some of the time, while other times it may have the characteristics of persistent AF. One may be able to decide which category is more appropriate by determining which one occurs most often in the case under consideration.
In addition to the above four AF categories, which are mainly defined by episode timing and termination, the ACC/AHA/ESC guidelines describe additional AF categories in terms of other characteristics of the patient.
Signs and symptoms.
AF is usually accompanied by symptoms related to a rapid heart rate. Rapid and irregular heart rates may be perceived as palpitations or exercise intolerance and occasionally may produce angina (if the rate is faster and puts the heart under strain) and congestive symptoms of shortness of breath or edema. Sometimes the arrhythmia will be identified only with the onset of a stroke or a transient ischemic attack (TIA). It is not uncommon for a patient to first become aware of AF from a routine physical examination or ECG, as it may be asymptomatic in many cases.
As most cases of AF are secondary to other medical problems, the presence of chest pain or angina, symptoms of hyperthyroidism (an overactive thyroid gland) such as weight loss and diarrhea, and symptoms suggestive of lung disease would indicate an underlying cause. A history of stroke or TIA, as well as hypertension (high blood pressure), diabetes, heart failure and rheumatic fever, may indicate whether someone with AF is at a higher risk of complications. A higher risk of embolus can be assessed using the CHADS2 score.
Rapid heart rate.
Presentation is similar to other forms of rapid heart rate and in some cases may be asymptomatic. The patient may complain of palpitations or chest discomfort. The rapid uncoordinated heart rate may result in the heart being unable to provide adequate blood flow and oxygen delivery to the rest of the body. Therefore, common symptoms may include shortness of breath, shortness of breath when lying flat, and sudden onset of shortness of breath during the night (paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea), and may progress to swelling of the lower extremities (peripheral edema). Owing to inadequate blood flow, patients may also complain of light-headedness, may feel like they are about to faint (presyncope), or may actually lose consciousness (syncope).
The patient may be in significant respiratory distress. Because of inadequate oxygen delivery, the patient may appear blue (cyanosis). By definition, the heart rate will be greater than 100 beats per minute. Blood pressure will be variable, and often difficult to measure as the beat-by-beat variability causes problems for most digital (oscillometric) non-invasive blood pressure monitors. It is most worrying if consistently lower than usual (hypotension). Respiratory rate will be increased in the presence of respiratory distress. Pulse oximetry may confirm the presence of hypoxia related to any precipitating factors such as pneumonia. Examination of the jugular veins may reveal elevated pressure (jugular venous distention). Lung exam may reveal crackles, which are suggestive of pulmonary edema. Heart exam will reveal an irregular but rapid rhythm.
Diagnosis.
The evaluation of atrial fibrillation involves diagnosis, determination of the etiology of the arrhythmia, and classification of the arrhythmia. The evaluation of atrial fibrillation typically entails a history and physical examination, ECG, transthoracic echocardiogram, complete blood count, and serum thyroid stimulating hormone level. Depending upon given resources, afflicted individuals may benefit from an in-depth evaluation that may include correlation of the heart rate response to exercise, exercise stress testing, chest X-ray, trans-esophageal echocardiography, and other studies.
If a patient presents with a sudden onset of severe symptoms other forms of tachyarrhythmia must be ruled-out, as some may be immediately life threatening, such as ventricular tachycardia. While most patients will be placed on continuous cardiorespiratory monitoring, an electrocardiogram is essential for diagnosis.
Provoking causes should be sought out. A common cause of any tachycardia is dehydration, as well as other forms of hypovolemia. Acute coronary syndrome should be ruled out. Intercurrent illness such as pneumonia may be present.
Screening.
In general, screening for atrial fibrillation is not performed, although a study of routine pulse checks or ECGs during routine office visits found that the annual rate of detection of AF in elderly patients improved from 1.04% to 1.63%; selection of patients for prophylactic anticoagulation would improve stroke risk in that age category.
This estimated sensitivity of the routine primary care visit is 64%. This low result probably reflects the pulse not being checked routinely or carefully.
When ECGs are used for screening, the SAFE trial found that electronic software, primary care physicians and the combination of the two had the following sensitivities and specificities:
Minimal evaluation.
In general, the minimal evaluation of atrial fibrillation should be performed in all individuals with AF. The goal of this evaluation is to determine the general treatment regimen for the individual. If results of the general evaluation warrant it, further studies may then be performed.
History and physical examination.
The history of the individual's atrial fibrillation episodes is probably the most important part of the evaluation. Distinctions should be made between those who are entirely asymptomatic when they are in AF (in which case the AF is found as an incidental finding on an ECG or physical examination) and those who have gross and obvious symptoms due to AF and can pinpoint whenever they go into AF or revert to sinus rhythm.
Routine bloodwork.
While many cases of AF have no definite cause, it may be the result of various other problems (see below). Hence, renal function and electrolytes are routinely determined, as well as thyroid-stimulating hormone (commonly suppressed in hyperthyroidism and of relevance if amiodarone is administered for treatment) and a blood count.
In acute-onset AF associated with chest pain, cardiac troponins or other markers of damage to the heart muscle may be ordered. Coagulation studies (INR/aPTT) are usually performed, as anticoagulant medication may be commenced.
Electrocardiogram.
Atrial fibrillation is diagnosed on an electrocardiogram (ECG), an investigation performed routinely whenever an irregular heart beat is suspected. Characteristic findings are the absence of P waves, with disorganized electrical activity in their place, and irregular R-R intervals due to irregular conduction of impulses to the ventricles. At very fast heart rates atrial fibrillation may look more regular, which may make it more difficult to separate from SVT or ventricular tachycardia.
QRS complexes should be narrow, signifying that they are initiated by normal conduction of atrial electrical activity through the intraventricular conduction system. Wide QRS complexes are worrisome for ventricular tachycardia, although in cases where there is disease of the conduction system, wide complexes may be present in A-Fib with rapid ventricular response.
If paroxysmal AF is suspected but an ECG during an office visit shows only a regular rhythm, AF episodes may be detected and documented with the use of ambulatory Holter monitoring (e.g., for a day). If the episodes are too infrequent to be detected by Holter monitoring with reasonable probability, then the patient can be monitored for longer periods (e.g., a month) with an ambulatory event monitor.
Echocardiography.
In general, a non-invasive transthoracic echocardiogram (TTE) is performed in newly diagnosed AF, as well as if there is a major change in the patient's clinical state. This ultrasound-based scan of the heart may help identify valvular heart disease (which may greatly increase the risk of stroke), left and right atrial size (which indicates likelihood that AF may become permanent), left ventricular size and function, peak right ventricular pressure (pulmonary hypertension), presence of left atrial thrombus (low sensivity), presence of left ventricular hypertrophy and pericardial disease.
Significant enlargement of both the left and right atria is associated with long-standing atrial fibrillation and, if noted at the initial presentation of atrial fibrillation, suggests that the atrial fibrillation is likely to be of a longer duration than the individual's symptoms.
Extended evaluation.
In general, an extended evaluation is not necessary in most individuals with atrial fibrillation, and is performed only if abnormalities are noted in the limited evaluation, if a reversible cause of the atrial fibrillation is suggested, or if further evaluation may change the treatment course.
Chest X-ray.
In general, a chest X-ray is performed only if a pulmonary cause of atrial fibrillation is suggested, or if other cardiac conditions are suspected (in particular congestive heart failure.) This may reveal an underlying problem in the lungs or the blood vessels in the chest. In particular, if an underlying pneumonia is suggested, then treatment of the pneumonia may cause the atrial fibrillation to terminate on its own.
Transesophageal echocardiogram.
A normal echocardiography (transthoracic or TTE) has a low sensitivity for identifying thrombi (blood clots) in the heart. If this is suspected (e.g., when planning urgent electrical cardioversion) a transesophageal echocardiogram (TEE or TOE where British spelling is used) is preferred.
The TEE has much better visualization of the left atrial appendage than transthoracic echocardiography. This structure, located in the left atrium, is the place where thrombus is formed in more than 90% of cases in non-valvular (or non-rheumatic) atrial fibrillation or flutter. TEE has a high sensitivity for locating thrombi in this area and can also detect sluggish bloodflow in this area that is suggestive of thrombus formation.
If no thrombus is seen on TEE, the incidence of stroke, (immediately after cardioversion is performed), is very low.
Ambulatory Holter monitoring.
A Holter monitor is a wearable ambulatory heart monitor that continuously monitors the heart rate and heart rhythm for a short duration, typically 24 hours. In individuals with symptoms of significant shortness of breath with exertion or palpitations on a regular basis, a holter monitor may be of benefit to determine whether rapid heart rates (or unusually slow heart rates) during atrial fibrillation are the cause of the symptoms.
Exercise stress testing.
Some individuals with atrial fibrillation do well with normal activity but develop shortness of breath with exertion. It may be unclear whether the shortness of breath is due to a blunted heart rate response to exertion caused by excessive AV node-blocking agents, a very rapid heart rate during exertion, or other underlying conditions such as chronic lung disease or coronary ischemia. An exercise stress test will evaluate the individual's heart rate response to exertion and determine if the AV node blocking agents are contributing to the symptoms.
Causes.
AF is linked to several cardiac causes, but may occur in otherwise-normal hearts. Known associations include:
Genetics.
Four types of genetic disorder are associated with atrial fibrillation: 
Pathophysiology.
Pathology.
The primary pathologic change seen in atrial fibrillation is the progressive fibrosis of the atria. This fibrosis is due primarily to atrial dilation, however genetic causes and inflammation may have a cause in some individuals. One study found that atrial dilation can occur as a consequence of AF, although another study found that AF by itself does not cause it.
Dilation of the atria can be due to almost any structural abnormality of the heart that can cause a rise in the intra-cardiac pressures. This includes valvular heart disease (such as mitral stenosis, mitral regurgitation, and tricuspid regurgitation), hypertension, and congestive heart failure. Any inflammatory state that affects the heart can cause fibrosis of the atria. This is typically due to sarcoidosis but may also be due to autoimmune disorders that create autoantibodies against myosin heavy chains. Mutation of the "lamin AC" gene is also associated with fibrosis of the atria that can lead to atrial fibrillation.
Once dilation of the atria has occurred, this begins a chain of events that leads to the activation of the renin aldosterone angiotensin system (RAAS) and subsequent increase in matrix metaloproteinases and disintegrin, which leads to atrial remodeling and fibrosis, with loss of atrial muscle mass. This process is not immediate, and experimental studies have revealed patchy atrial fibrosis may precede the occurrence of atrial fibrillation and may progress with prolonged durations of atrial fibrillation.
Fibrosis is not limited to the muscle mass of the atria, and may occur in the sinus node (SA node) and atrioventricular node (AV node), correlating with sick sinus syndrome. Prolonged episodes of atrial fibrillation have been shown to correlate with prolongation of the sinus node recovery time, suggesting that dysfunction of the SA node is progressive with prolonged episodes of atrial fibrillation.
Electrophysiology.
The normal electrical conduction system of the heart allows the impulse that is generated by the sinoatrial node (SA node) of the heart to be propagated to and stimulate the myocardium (muscle of the heart). When the myocardium is stimulated, it contracts. It is the ordered stimulation of the myocardium that allows efficient contraction of the heart, thereby allowing blood to be pumped to the body.
There are multiple theories about the etiology of atrial fibrillation. An important theory is that, in atrial fibrillation, the regular impulses produced by the sinus node for a normal heartbeat are overwhelmed by rapid electrical discharges produced in the atria and adjacent parts of the pulmonary veins. Sources of these disturbances are either automatic foci, often localized at one of the pulmonary veins, or a small number of localized sources in the form of either reentrant electrical spiral waves (rotors) or repetitive focal beats; these localized sources may be found in the left atrium near the pulmonary veins or in a variety of other locations through both the left or right atrium.
Because recovery of the atria from excitation is heterogeneous, the electrical waves generated by the AF sources undergo repetitive, spatially distributed breakup and fragmentation in a process known as "fibrillatory conduction".
Another theory is the multiple wavelet theory first formulated by Moe, which was experimentally proven by Allessie et al.
AF can be distinguished from atrial flutter (AFL), which appears as an organized electrical circuit usually in the right atrium. AFL produces characteristic saw-toothed F-waves of constant amplitude and frequency on an ECG whereas AF does not. In AFL, the discharges circulate rapidly at a rate of 300 beats per minute (bpm) around the atrium. In AF, there is no regularity of this kind, except at the sources where the local activation rate can exceed 500 bpm.
Although the electrical impulses of AF occur at a high rate, most of them do not result in a heart beat. A heart beat results when an electrical impulse from the atria passes through the atrioventricular (AV) node to the ventricles and causes them to contract. During AF, if all of the impulses from the atria passed through the AV node, there would be severe ventricular tachycardia, resulting in severe reduction of cardiac output. This dangerous situation is prevented by the AV node since its limited conduction velocity reduces the rate at which impulses reach the ventricles during AF.
Management.
The main goals of treatment are to prevent circulatory instability and stroke. Rate or rhythm control are used to achieve the former, whereas anticoagulation is used to decrease the risk of the latter. If cardiovascularly unstable due to uncontrolled tachycardia, immediate cardioversion is indicated.
Anticoagulation.
Anticoagulation can be achieved through a number of means including the use of heparin, warfarin, dabigatran, rivaroxaban and apixaban. Aspirin is somewhat effective in reducing the risk of stroke in AF patients, but is inferior to warfarin and is typically reserved for AF patients at lower risk for stroke. The method used depends on a number of issues, including: cost, risk of stroke, risk of falls, compliance, and speed of desired onset of anticoagulation. Some other anticoagulants were discussed in a 2012 state-of-the-art paper but were not generally approved at that time for stroke prevention in AF: apixaban, and edoxaban.
Rate control versus rhythm control using drugs.
AF can cause disabling and bothersome symptoms. Palpitations, chest discomfort, anxiety, and decreased exercise tolerance are related to rapid heart rate and inefficient cardiac output caused by AF. Furthermore, AF with a persistent rapid rate can cause a form of heart failure called tachycardia induced cardiomyopathy. This can significantly increase mortality and morbidity, which can be prevented by early and adequate treatment of the AF.
There are two ways to approach these symptoms using drugs: rate control and rhythm control. "Rate control" lowers the heart rate closer to normal, usually 60 to 100 bpm, without trying to convert to a regular rhythm. "Rhythm control" restores normal heart rhythm in a process called cardioversion and maintains the normal rhythm with drugs. Studies suggest that rhythm control is most important in the acute setting AF, whereas rate control is more important in the chronic phase. As far as mortality is concerned, the AFFIRM trial showed that there is lower mortality using rate control with anticoagulation treatment versus rhythm control treatment and the difference increases up to 5 years (end of study).
There is no difference in risk of stroke in patients having converted to a normal rhythm with anti-arrhythmic treatment compared to those with only rate control. AF is associated with a reduced quality of life, and, while some studies indicate that rhythm control leads to a higher quality of life, some did not find a difference.
A further study focused on rhythm control in patients with AF with concomitant heart failure, based on the hypothesis that AF confers a higher mortality risk in heart failure. In this setting, rhythm control offered no advantage compared to rate control. However, the diagnosis and progression of atrial fibrillation and other cardiovascular disease requires further investigation.
In patients with a fast ventricular response, intravenous magnesium significantly increases the chances of successful rate and rhythm control in the urgent setting without major side-effects. A patient with fluctuating vital signs, mental status changes, preexcitation, or chest pain often will go to immediate treatment with synchronized DC cardioversion. Otherwise the decision of rate control versus rhythm control using drugs is made. This is based on a number of criteria that includes whether or not symptoms persist with rate control.
Rate control.
Rate control is achieved with medications that work by increasing the degree of block at the level of the AV node, in effect decreasing the number of impulses that conduct into the ventricles. This can be done with:
In addition to these agents, amiodarone has some AV node blocking effects (in particular when administered intravenously), and can be used in individuals when other agents are contraindicated or ineffective (particularly due to hypotension).
Diltiazem has been shown to be more effective than either digoxin or amiodarone.
Cardioversion.
Cardioversion is a noninvasive conversion of an irregular heartbeat to a normal heartbeat using electrical or chemical means.
Vernakalant, an investigational drug that is unavailable in the U.S., has been found to safely and rapidly convert new onset atrial fibrillation in one published study.
After successful cardioversion the heart may be in a stunned state, which means that there is a normal rhythm but restoration of normal atrial contraction has not yet occurred.
Ablation.
In young patients where rhythm control is desired and cannot be maintained by medication or cardioversion then radiofrequency ablation or cryoablation may be attempted and is preferred over years of drug therapy.
The Maze procedure, first performed in 1987, is an effective invasive surgical treatment that is designed to create electrical blocks or barriers in the atria of the heart, forcing electrical impulses that stimulate the heartbeat to travel down to the ventricles. The idea is to force abnormal electrical signals to move along one, uniform path to the lower chambers of the heart (ventricles), thus restoring the normal heart rhythm.
Following surgery.
AF often occurs after cardiac surgery and is usually self-limiting. It is strongly associated with age, pre-operative hypertension, and the number of vessels grafted. Measures should be taken to control hypertension pre-operatively to reduce the risk of AF. Also, patients with a higher risk of AF, e.g., patients with pre-operative hypertension, more than 3 vessels grafted, or greater than 70 years of age, should be considered for prophylactic treatment. Postoperative pericardial effusion is also suspected to be the cause of atrial fibrillation. Prophylaxis may include prophylactic post-operative rate and rhythm management. Some authors perform posterior pericardiotomy to reduce the incidence of postoperative AF. When AF occurs, management should primarily be rate and rhythm control. However, cardioversion may be employed if the patient is haemodynamically unstable, highly symptomatic, or persists for 6 weeks after discharge. In persistent cases anticoagulation should be used.
Prognosis.
Thromboembolism.
Prediction of embolism.
Accurate prediction of whether a embolism will occur and cause a stroke is essential for guiding the decision to use anticoagulants. The most accurate clinical prediction rules are:
Mechanism of thrombus formation.
In atrial fibrillation, the lack of an organized atrial contraction can result in some stagnant blood in the left atrium (LA) or left atrial appendage (LAA). This lack of movement of blood can lead to thrombus formation (blood clotting). If the clot becomes mobile and is carried away by the blood circulation, it is called an embolus. An embolus proceeds through smaller and smaller arteries until it plugs one of them and prevents blood from flowing through the artery. This process results in end-organ damage due to loss of nutrients, oxygen, and removal of cellular waste products. Thrombus can form anywhere in the body, whereas emboli follow the blood circulation to specific points in the body. Emboli in the brain may result in an ischemic stroke or a transient ischemic attack (TIA).
More than 90% of cases of thrombi associated with non-valvular atrial fibrillation evolve in the left atrial appendage. However, the LAA lies in close relation to the free wall of the left ventricle and thus the LAA's emptying and filling, which determines its degree of blood stagnation, may be helped by the motion of the wall of the left ventricle, if there is good ventricular function.
If the LA is enlarged, there is an increased risk of thrombi that originate in the LA. Moderate to severe, non-rheumatic, mitral regurgitation (MR) reduces this risk of stroke. This risk reduction may be due to a beneficial stirring effect of the MR blood flow into the LA.
Mitral valve.
Atrial fibrillation and a corresponding enlargement of the left atrium may cause an increase in the perimeter of the mitral valve. The somewhat circular perimeter of the mitral valve is defined by the mitral annulus.
With a normal sinus rhythm, the mitral annulus undergoes dynamic changes during the cardiac cycle. For example, at the end of diastole the annular area is smaller than at the end of systole. A possible reason for this dynamic size difference is that the coordinated contraction of the left atrium acts like a sphincter about the mitral annulus and reduces its size. This may be important for mitral valve competence so that it does not leak when the left ventricle pumps blood. However, when the left atrium fibrillates, this sphincter action is not possible and may contribute to, or result in, mitral regurgitation in some cases.
Epidemiology.
Atrial fibrillation is the most common arrhythmia affecting 0.4 to 1% of the population. It also accounts for 1/3 of hospital admissions for cardiac rhythm disturbances, and the rate of admissions for AF has risen in recent years. Strokes from AF account for 6-24% of all ischemic strokes. Between 3–11% of those with AF have structurally normal hearts. Approximately 2.2 million individuals in the United States and 4.5 million in the European Union have AF.
The incidence of atrial fibrillation increases with age. In individuals over the age of 80 it affects about 8%. In developed countries, the number of patients with atrial fibrillation is likely to increase during the next 50 years, owing to the growing proportion of elderly individuals.
History.
Because the diagnosis of atrial fibrillation requires measurement of the electrical activity of the heart, atrial fibrillation was not truly described until 1874, when Edmé Félix Alfred Vulpian observed the irregular atrial electrical behavior that he termed ""fremissement fibrillaire"" in dog hearts. In the mid-eighteenth century, Jean-Baptiste de Sénac made note of dilated, irritated atria in people with mitral stenosis. The irregular pulse associated with AF was first recorded in 1876 by Carl Wilhelm Hermann Nothnagel and termed ""delirium cordis"", stating that "n this form of arrhythmia the heartbeats follow each other in complete irregularity. At the same time, the height and tension of the individual pulse waves are continuously changing". Correlation of delirium cordis with the loss of atrial contraction as reflected in the loss of "a waves" in the jugular venous pulse was made by Sir James MacKenzie in 1904. Willem Einthoven published the first ECG showing AF in 1906. The connection between the anatomic and electrical manifestations of AF and the irregular pulse of delirium cordis was made in 1909 by Carl Julius Rothberger, Heinrich Winterberg, and Sir Thomas Lewis.

</doc>
<doc id="20869703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869703" title="Direct2D">
Direct2D

Direct2D is a 2D and vector graphics application programming interface (API) designed by Microsoft and implemented in Windows 8, Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2, and also Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 (with Platform Update installed).
Direct2D offers high quality and fast performance while maintaining interoperability with GDI/GDI+ APIs and Direct3D/DirectDraw APIs. It can take advantage of hardware acceleration through compatible graphics cards.
Overview.
Direct2D is a native code API based on C++ that can be called by managed code and uses a "lightweight COM" approach just like Direct3D, with minimal amount of abstraction. However, unlike WPF and similarly to GDI/GDI+, Direct2D is an "immediate mode" rendering API with simple BeginDraw/Draw/EndDraw calls; Direct2D has no concept of a "scene" and does not use retained tree structures, and the rendering state is preserved between drawing calls.
Direct2D can minimize CPU usage and utilise hardware rendering on a graphics card that supports Direct3D 10.1 and/or Direct3D 10 Level 9 with WDDM 1.1 drivers, falling back to software rendering using WARP10 in situations when hardware is not available, such as session 0, and for remote server-side rendering. Direct2D performance and memory usage scale linearly with primitive counts in both software and hardware.
Direct2D supports high-quality rendering with the following features:
Direct2D allows interoperability with GDI, GDI+, and Direct3D and permits rendering to and from a Direct3D surface, as well as to and from a GDI/GDI+ device context (HDC) with full serialization of surfaces and device contexts, which enables it to work with other native Windows technologies such as DirectWrite, Windows Imaging Component, etc. Such interoperability allows developers to gradually replace critical code paths with Direct2D code without the need to overhaul their entire source code.
Direct2D uses a device-independent coordinate system, which allows automatic GUI scaling for different DPI settings that depend on various display resolutions and monitor sizes.
Implementations.
Internet Explorer 9 and Mozilla Firefox 4 and later use Direct2D and DirectWrite for improved performance and visual quality.

</doc>
<doc id="20869715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869715" title="June Buchanan">
June Buchanan

June Buchanan (June 21, 1887 – May 31, 1988) was an American educator and the co-founder of Alice Lloyd College in Pippa Passes, Kentucky.
Early life.
According to P. David Searles' book, "A College for Appalachia," Buchanan was born in upstate New York in 1886 and grew up in Moravia. The obituary published by the Associated Press in June 1988, however, stated that she died at the age of 100, and the Social Security Death Index records her date of birth as June 21, 1887. This birthdate is confirmed by her greatneice, Eleanor Gibney of St. John, Virgin Islands. June Buchanan's parents, Frank Buchanan and Julia McCormick Buchanan, hailed from small towns near Syracuse.
Education.
Buchanan graduated from Syracuse University in 1913 with a degree in science. After teaching in Groton, New York, she pursued graduate studies at Wellesley College, with a focus on liberal arts. While at Wellesley, she encountered fellow students who heard of Alice Spencer Geddes Lloyd's efforts to educate children in the Appalachian Mountains of Knott County, Kentucky.
Career.
In January 1919, she arrived in Pippa Passes to assist Lloyd's efforts at the Caney Creek Community Center. In 1923, she and Lloyd chartered Caney Junior College, which would be renamed Alice Lloyd College upon Lloyd's death in 1962. In 1976, a campus building, the June Buchanan Alumni Center, was named in her honor. Buchanan later became mayor of Pippa Passes. The college's K-12 prep school, the June Buchanan School, was named in her honor in 1984.
Death and legacy.
Buchanan continued to serve the College until her death in May 1988. She died at a hospital in the city of Martin in neighboring Floyd County. In addition to the June Buchanan School and the June Buchanan Alumni Center named in her honor, the June Buchanan Medical Clinic, a community health clinic owned and operated by the University of Kentucky's Centers for Excellence in Rural Health, is located in Hindman, the county seat of Knott County.

</doc>
<doc id="20869720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869720" title="Zofia Szczęśniewska">
Zofia Szczęśniewska

Zofia Szczęśniewska (later "Bryszewska", August 31, 1943 – December 2, 1978) was a Polish volleyball player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
She was born and died in Warsaw.
In 1964 she was part of the Polish team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. She played two matches.
Four years later she won her second Olympic bronze medal with the Polish team. She played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20869728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869728" title="List of Georgia Union Civil War units">
List of Georgia Union Civil War units

List of Georgia Union Civil War units
Notes.
Though only one battalion was raised within state, native Georgians also enlisted in units of other states, including the 1st Alabama Cavalry.

</doc>
<doc id="20869730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869730" title="Pubget">
Pubget

Pubget Corp is a wholly owned subsidiary of Copyright Clearance Center that develops cloud-based search and content access tools for scientists. It provides advertising services, enterprise search services, and a public search engine. The company was founded in 2007 by Beth Israel Hospital clinical pathologist, Ramy Arnaout, out of his own need to find papers. Pubget moved its headquarters from Cambridge, Massachusetts to Boston’s Innovation District in 2011.
Pubget.com is a free service for non-profit institutions and their libraries and researchers. The site provides direct access to full-text content from 450 libraries around the world. It was announced in January 2012 that Pubget was acquired by Copyright Clearance Center. 
Products and Services.
Search Engine<br>
Pubget’s search engine retrieves article citations and full text PDFs from PubMed, ArXiv, Karger, American Society for Microbiology, IEEE, RSS feeds, XML from publishers, and Open Archive sources. The company’s search engine contains over 28 million scientific documents and adds 10,000 papers each day. Pubget creates a link directly from the article citation to the paper itself via a continuously updated database of links. Because of this database, users are directly linked from a citation to the full-text paper. 
Access to closed full-text PDFs is granted through the institution’s subscriptions. Pubget does not bypass copyright laws and will display only the abstract of restricted papers if the end user does not have institutional access.
PaperStats<br>
Pubget PaperStats is a usage and spend analysis tool for libraries. PaperStats automatically harvests serials usage statistics delivering consolidated usage, cost, and other reports directly from publishers. Content performance can be assessed through cost-per-view analysis. Upon introduction, PaperStats was beta tested with the USC Norris Medical Library and yielded positive results for Pubget, USC and the library community. 
PaperStore<br>
The Pubget PaperStore provides Pubget.com users the option of purchasing full text papers from thousands of journals on the search engine results page. Content rights and delivery is provided by document delivery vendor, Reprints Desk. 
Advertising<br>
Pubget provides several advertising solutions. Customers include Bio-Rad, Agilent, and other scientific brands. Ads are matched with paper content via contextual targeting. For example, manufacturers of a piece of scientific equipment will pay to advertise alongside a paper that mentions using said product. Pubget, however, does not reveal data on individual users and their searches.
Textmining<br>
Pubget’s textmining technology allows research and development teams to uncover specific text strings across large groups of papers. 
PaperStream<br>
PaperStream is a web app that allows lab teams to share, store, and find documents all in one place. PaperStream organizes companies’ subscriptions, purchased papers, and internal documents into an automated library database.
API<br>
Pubget’s API provides access to its search and linking technology from third-party websites.

</doc>
<doc id="20869731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869731" title="Santa Helena">
Santa Helena

Santa Helena may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20869762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869762" title="Villa Ehinger (Münchenstein)">
Villa Ehinger (Münchenstein)

The Villa Ehinger is in the "Neue Welt", a sub-district of Münchenstein, in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland.
Geographical location.
The geographical area called the "Neue Welt" (new world) evolved as the industry started establishing itself around the upper end of the "St. Alban-Teich". This is a canal, artificially constructed by the Basler Kloster St. Alban during the 12th century, so as to bring water and water power to the industry in Basel. Later, during the years 1624–25, the canal was prolonged through Brüglingen towards the Birs waterfall in Münchenstein and from here the water is diverged.
History.
The Villa Ehinger is situated in the middle of a Park, above the industry. The neo-classical summer residence became renowned under the name of the ultimate owners. The Villa was originally built in association with the previous hammer mill (Hammerschmiede). 
The hammer mill from 1660 is the oldest building situated on the banks of the canal. It was built by Ludwig Krug. In 1822 the hammer mill was refurbished as a cotton-spinning mill by Felix Sarasin (1771–1839). The technical administration was taken on by his son Ludwig August Sarasin (1804–31), who sought for his new residence to be built nearby.
Sarasin's acquaintance with the young architect Melchior Berri led him to commission Berri with the planning and construction of this country house in 1829. Up until then Berri's work had been confined by the existing frontages of the town streets (Basel Casino and other buildings within the town). Here, however, he was free to build a house that was unconfined by other buildings or existing boundaries, a building that should have an English garden surrounding it. Unfortunately Ludwig August Sarasin died in 1831, before the conclusion of the building, in 1932. One of the Sarasin daughters married into the Ehinger Family and that is how the villa came to its name.
Modern-day History.
The family Ehinger sold the entire estate including the villa and its grounds to the municipality (Gemeinde) Münchenstein in 1959.
The municipality then passed the estate onto the canton Baselland in 1962. The canton built a grammar (secondary) school on the estate grounds in 1972.
In 1973 the villa was completely restored and refurbished as a music school.
During the refurbishment, significant cultural consideration were paid to the initial Architecture. Special attention was given to ensure that each separate room was given a new function, without changing its individuality within the historical building.
Architecture.
The villa has a virtually quadratic ground plan. It is a two-storey building. On the western side of the house there is a Portico as entrance. Two Doric columns carry an entablature and the balcony.
Built onto the eastern side of the villa (facing towards the park) there is also a two-storey Loggia, but this is somewhat narrower. The semicircular arched foyer is one of the most significant features of this villa. This foyer/vestibule can be assigned to the themes of Sebastiano Serlio (1475–1554) and Andrea Palladio (1508–1580). In the middle of the pyramidal broach roof is the Palmette (also called anthemion) window storey. The crown is concluded with a roof pinnacle, a rod of Asclepius, to emphasize the apex of the gable. There is a fountain on the southern side of the house that is typical for the epoch.
In the interior, the sections are aligned to the east-west axis. The rooms are grouped around the central Foyer. Not only Berri's stucco ceilings, but also the neo-classical white stove on the first floor and the original drawings of the Portico remain conserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20869793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869793" title="Krystyna Krupa">
Krystyna Krupa

Krystyna Krupa (later "Malinowska", born January 15, 1939) is a Polish former volleyball player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Wyszki.
In 1964 she was part of the Polish team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. She played two matches. Four years later she won her second Olympic bronze medal with the Polish team. She played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20869804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869804" title="Cincinnati Reds (1876–80) all-time roster">
Cincinnati Reds (1876–80) all-time roster


</doc>
<doc id="20869815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869815" title="Goor railway station">
Goor railway station

Goor is a railway station located in Goor, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 1 November 1865 and is located on the Zutphen–Glanerbeek railway between Zutphen and Hengelo. The train service is operated by Syntus. The trains of the service pass each other at this station.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Goor:

</doc>
<doc id="20869826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869826" title="Catherine Langeais">
Catherine Langeais

Catherine Langeais, born Marie-Louise Terrasse, (9 August 1923, Valence, Drôme – 23 April 1998, Paris), was a French television presenter and actress.
François Mitterrand.
On 28 January 1938, at the age of fourteen, she was introduced by her brother to the politician and future president of the French Republic François Mitterrand. In March 1940, in spite of her youth, they became engaged, but they separated in January 1942, when the Germans occupied France. During that time he sent her two thousand letters. In 1987, Mitterrand presented her with the Légion d'honneur award for her undeniable imprint on the history of French television.
Television.
Initially recruited to present the programmes of the new national television network RTF in 1949, Catherine Langeais was probably the most popular lady presenter ("speakerine") of French television, from the end of the 1950s through the 1970s. It was she who welcomed BBC viewers in the first international on-line television broadcast, the Franco-British week of July 1952, thanks to the new conversion standard which was to allow, a year later, the international broadcast of the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II, and later the inauguration of the Eurovision song contest.
In parallel with introducing programmes, Catherine Langeais took part in diverse light entertainment programmes in the years 1950-1960, such as ""C'est arrivé à 36 chandelles"" and ""La séquence du spectateur"" (later renamed ""La séquence du téléspectateur""), as well as the cookery programme ""Art et magie de la cuisine"" with the chef Raymond Oliver.
A chronic illness, which she concealed for a long time, made the job difficult but did not prevent her from working until 1955. Patiently, although ill, she continued with her programmes (""A vous de juger"", ""La séquence du téléspectateur"", and some children's programmes). On Sunday 5 January 1975, she emotionally closed the broadcasts of the first channel (ORTF), which was replaced the next day with the new public company Télévision Française 1 (TF1) in which she did no more than the voice-overs of the ""La séquence du téléspectateur"", while her husband Pierre Sabbagh was director of programmes for the second channel.
Personal life.
She married television producer and director Pierre Sabbagh, creator in 1949 of the first daily television news channel in the world. They had no children.
Behind the official image she presented as "la fiancée des français", obsessed with appearance, she was a complex, courageous woman who throughout her life secretly fought illness. She died from multiple sclerosis in 1998 and was buried in Valmondois cemetery near Paris.
Biography.
A biography was written by her nephew
Filmography.
Actress:
As herself:

</doc>
<doc id="20869829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869829" title="Dragutin Vrđuka">
Dragutin Vrđuka

Dragutin Vrđuka (3 April 1895, in Zagreb – 23 January 1948, in Zagreb) was a Croatian football goalkeeper. He was the first goalkeeper to start for the national team of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
He played 15 games for the city squad of Zagreb, and seven games for the national team. On the club level he played for Građanski Zagreb. He died on 23 January 1948 from tuberculosis.

</doc>
<doc id="20869851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869851" title="Fabrateria">
Fabrateria

Fabrateria can refer to two ancient cities in Italy: 

</doc>
<doc id="20869859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869859" title="Barbara Niemczyk">
Barbara Niemczyk

Barbara Wiesława Niemczyk (née "Hermel", born November 13, 1942) is a Polish former volleyball player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Łódź.
In 1964 she was a squad member of the Polish team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament.
Four years later she won her second Olympic bronze medal with the Polish team. She played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20869875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869875" title="Supreme Military Council (Turkey)">
Supreme Military Council (Turkey)

The Supreme Military Council (, YAŞ) is a committee in the Turkish Armed Forces. It convenes biannually to determine the military's agenda.

</doc>
<doc id="20869897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869897" title="Chris Goodwin">
Chris Goodwin

Chris Goodwin (10 March 1967) is a British auto racing driver. Currently he works as Chief Test Driver for McLaren Automotive. Additionally he manages the racing career of Bruno Senna and continues to race in International GT Endurance events.
He was also TV commentator on F1 for ESPN Star Sports for nearly ten years and occasionally still appears on ESPN or other networks such as ITV (GP2 coverage).
Racing career.
His early racing was in single-seaters, starting in 1987 with the Formula First Championship. He was featured in the final episode of the 1987 series of Top Gear in which he had accident with another competitor. He was Champion of Brands Hatch and finished runner-up in the 1989 Formula Ford Junior Championship, and runner-up again in 1990 when he competed in Formula Renault. He competed in Formula 3000 and Formula Vauxhall in 1991 and 1992 respectively.
In 1993 he drove in two rounds of the British Touring Car Championship for the Ecurie Ecosse Vauxhall Team in a Vauxhall Cavalier. This included an impressive tenth place finish at the final round at Silverstone. He entered a Cavalier in 1994 as an independent entry for Roy Kennedy Racing, finishing third in the Cup for Privateers despite missing some rounds.
In 1995 and 1996 Chris drove for the factory Lotus GT team in International GT Endurance races.
He worked for McLaren in 1997, competing in both the FIA GT Championship and Le Mans. In 1999 he raced the British GT Championship with a McLaren F1. Two more years were spent in the British GTs in 1999 and 2000. In 2001 he raced in both the European Le Mans Series winning the GTS class and the ASCAR Championship. He returned to Touring Cars in 2002 driving a Nissan Primera in the European Touring Car Championship.
In 2008, Chris was instrumental in establishing the SLR GT Trophy for the Mercedes Benz SLR McLaren sportscar and finished second in 6 races.
Most recently, Chris has raced in the FIA GT3 Championship, the FIA GT Championship (best result 3rd in GT2 at the Spa 24 Hours) and in GT2 in the International GT Open Championship.
Goodwin, in his role as McLaren Automotive Chief Test Driver, drove the 2008 title-winning MP4-23 Formula One car at the Goodwood Festival of Speed on Friday 3 July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20869904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869904" title="NYC Resistor">
NYC Resistor

NYC Resistor is a hackerspace in New York, inspired by Chaos Computer Club and other hacker organizations. According the NYC Resistor's website, "NYC Resistor is a hacker collective with a shared space located in downtown Brooklyn. We meet regularly to share knowledge, hack on projects together, and build community."
NYCResistor is an LLC.
Membership.
Core members of the group pay monthly dues starting at $75, but NYC Resistor encourages participation by anyone who feels they can contribute.
Nonmembers are welcome to attend Craft Nights and other public events, as well as take part in classes on a variety of subjects. Visiting beyond this can be arranged on a case by case basis with current members.
Physical Space.
In February 2008 NYC Resistor took up residence at 397 Bridge Street in Brooklyn NY's MetroTech area. The 800+ sqft warehouse conversion houses a small kitchen, several shop tables, an epilog laser cutter, and a small machine shop. Numerous electronics projects and personal tools litter shelves of members at the space. In March 2009 NYC Resistor acquired the neighboring warehouse space on the fifth floor of 397 Bridge Street and converted it to a machine shop.
In March 2010, NYC Resistor moved to a new, larger space on 3rd Avenue in Boerum Hill upstairs from Makerbot. A drink mixing robot has become a permanent fixture at the location
and in October 2010 a USB dead drop was installed in the brick work of the new building by artist Aram Bartholl.
In the news.
The Wall Street Journal
The New York Times
The NY Daily News
The Washington Post
The Irish Times
NPR Takeaway Show
The IEEE Spectrum
Zeit
Wired
Wired Blog
Various Blogs

</doc>
<doc id="20869906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869906" title="Pocahontas Island, Virginia">
Pocahontas Island, Virginia

Pocahontas Island, Virginia is a peninsula located on the north side of the Appomattox River within the limits of what is now Petersburg, Virginia. There is evidence of prehistoric Native American settlement dating from 6500 BC. The area is more recently notable as the first predominately free black settlement in the state and, by mid-19th century, one of the largest in the nation. In 1860 half of Petersburg's population was black, and one-third of those people were free (3,224 people), constituting the largest free black population of the time.
In 1975 residents secured renewed residential zoning to protect their neighborhoods from industrial development. The Pocahontas Island Historic District is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
History.
Archaeological evidence of a prehistoric Native American community dated to 6500 BC has been found on the island. This is at the beginning of the Middle Archaic Period (6500 BC to 3000 BC) or end of Early Archaic Period (8000 BC to 6500 BC)
When English colonists first arrived in Virginia in 1607, the island was within the territory of the Appomattoc tribe of the Powhatan Confederacy. English colonial settlement started on the peninsula in the 18th century. Some of the first enslaved Africans were brought here in 1732 to work in John Bolling's tobacco warehouses. Surveyors platted the land in 1749, and settlers named the village Wittontown. When formally organized as a town in 1752, it was renamed Pocahontas after the Native American daughter of Powhatan, important to colonial history.
In 1757 Petersburg built a bridge to link the peninsula to the city. In the early years a board of trustees managed the "island" and its development. Incorporated within the city limits in 1784, the Pocahontas Island neighborhood was often neglected afterward by city government, more concerned with development in white areas.
Nonetheless, the neighborhood became the center of a large free black residential community, the oldest in the nation and a beacon to free blacks in the state. They developed a commercial center in this area as well. One of the first black congregations was known here as the Sandy River Baptist Church, which later moved into the center of Petersburg and built the Gillfield Baptist Church. The growth of industrial jobs attracted free blacks to Petersburg; it was also a place where artisans and craftsmen could make a living. Other men worked as boatmen and fishermen on the river.
Numerous antebellum houses exist. Two surviving houses were linked to the Underground Railroad before the American Civil War: the Jarratt House, 808-810 Logan Street, and 215 Witten Street, informally called the Underground Railroad House. By 1860, the city's population was half black - of those, one-third were free. It was the largest free black population by 1860.
Archaeological evidence has been found relating to this period of majority black residency, as well as of industrial activity. For instance, researchers found remains of a depot of the Richmond & Petersburg Railroad, a building 30 feet by 300 feet. It was important for use in transport of Confederate troops during the American Civil War.
Employment cycles after the war continued to affect less educated blacks more severely. It took decades for the city to rebuild after the American Civil War. Increasing industrialization provided continued opportunities for blacks, even though the white-dominated Virginia legislature imposed racial segregation and disfranchisement in the late 19th century. Blacks created their own opportunities.
In the 20th century, the more ambitious and younger people tended to leave the island (and many southern states) for other opportunities. The Great Migration to northern industrial cities, starting about World War I, is the time Islanders refer to as "when they lost the 'cream of the crop', with the majority of the remaining population being elderly retirees who sustain themselves on small fixed incomes." The neighborhood shared economic troubles with the city, which lost jobs to other areas and increasingly to Richmond. The capital became the region's and state's financial center.
In 1971 the Petersburg city government rezoned some of the island for light industrial use. This caused the homes of 250 residents to be threatened with condemnation, making it impossible for owners to get financing for renovations. In 1975 residents won a battle to restore residential zoning. Allied groups began to survey and document the many historic properties. The Pocahontas Island Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places because of its abundance of archaeological sites from prehistory through historic times, and of numerous antebellum buildings marking its history as a free black community.
A 1993 tornado severely damaged some houses. By the late 20th century, the population had declined to fewer than 100 on the island from a high of 1700 earlier.
Recognition.
Because of its significant resources, ranging from prehistoric to historic, the Pocahontas Island Historic District is listed on both the Virginia Landmarks Register and the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).

</doc>
<doc id="20869911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869911" title="Stone Hallquist">
Stone Hallquist

Stone Conrad Hallquist (April 8, 1902June 1, 1981) was an American football running back, who played for Milwaukee Badgers in National Football League.
Biography.
Stone was born in Soderholm, Sweden. He went to South Division High School and he went to Middlebury College. He played 9 regular season games over 1 season, in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="20869915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869915" title="Gramsbergen railway station">
Gramsbergen railway station

Gramsbergen is a railway station located in Gramsbergen, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 1 July 1905 and is located on the Zwolle–Emmen railway. The train services are operated by Arriva.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Gramsbergen:

</doc>
<doc id="20869924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869924" title="Hanna Busz">
Hanna Busz

Hanna Krystyna Busz is a Polish former volleyball player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
In 1964 she was a squad member of the Polish team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20869935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869935" title="Battle Planet">
Battle Planet

Battle Planet is a 2008 low-budget science fiction film starring Zack Ward and Monica May, featuring Brea Grant.
Plot.
In the not-so-distant future, Captain Jordan Strider, a Special Forces Officer in the New World Alliance, is chosen for a top-secret mission. Sent to a desolate planet, Terra 219, to arrest possible traitors to the Alliance, Strider must survive with only a government issued experimental suit as protection.
Eventually Strider discovers that he has been double crossed: The mission is an experiment to test the suit, which he cannot take off.

</doc>
<doc id="20869937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869937" title="Sang Dhesian">
Sang Dhesian

Sang Dhesian (Dhesian Sang) is a village in Phillaur tahsil of Jalandhar district of Punjab state of India known for Baba Sang ji Gurdwara.
History.
Sang Dhesian village is named after Baba Sang Ji who was very devoted disciple of Guru Arjun Dev The Fifth Sikh Master.
Geography.
Sang Dhesian is located at in Punjab. It has an average elevation of 234 metres (768 feet).
Sang Dhesian is 310 km from Delhi and 42 km from Jalandhar. The nearest railway station is 4 km away from Sang Dhesian at Goraya.
Village.
The population of Sang Dhesian is around 2500. Most of the villagers are engaged in agriculture. The major crops cultivated by farmers are wheat, paddy, potato, maize, sunflower and sugarcane. Sang Dhesian village has education facilities including Guru Nanak Khalsa Girls College Baba Sang Dhesian at Goraya, just outside the village. Every year on 14th of Chet month a cultural mela is held near Gurdwara in the honor of Baba Sang Ji.
Climate.
Sang Dhesian village has a humid subtropical climate with hot summers and cool winters. Summers last from April To June, the rain season is from July to October and winter is from November to February. AverageTemperatures in summer vary from around 48 degrees Celsius to around 25 degrees Celsius. Average winter temperatures vary from highs of 19 degrees Celsius to lows of -5 degrees Celsius. The climate is on the whole dry except during the brief south-west monsoon season during July-August.The average annual rainfall is around 70 cm.
Baba Sang Ji Gurdwara.
Sang Dhesian village is known for 'Baba Sang Ji Gurdwara' which is one of the most famous Gurdwara in India. Baba Sang Gurdwara is 125 feet high and 90 feet long. Devotees around the area helped to build Gurdwara. Approximately 25 ounces of gold was donated by devotees to the Gurdwara. Baba Sang Ji Gurdwara has been a congregation since 1991. Satellite view of Baba Sang Gurdwara is located at in Punjab.
Sang Dhesian non resident Indians.
Thousands of people from the Jalandhar district have migrated abroad and settled in countries like Canada, UK. To facilitate financial transactions, the Punjab government opened a NRI Bank branch office at Goraya.

</doc>
<doc id="20869957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869957" title="Pablo Pérez Álvarez">
Pablo Pérez Álvarez

Pablo Martín Pérez Álvarez (August 19, 1969 in Maracaibo) is a Venezuelan lawyer politician and former Governor of Zulia State.
Biography.
Studies.
In 1986 he graduated from secondary school with a diploma in Humanities. Pérez Álvarez enrolled at University of Zulia to study law. Later he did postgraduate studies in Public Law at the same university. Pérez Álvarez also studied "Gerencia Municipal" (municipal management) at Instituto de Estudios Superiores de Administración (IESA), a Venezuelan higher education institute of management.
Political career.
In 1995 he began to work with Manuel Rosales, the mayor of Maracaibo. Pablo Pérez was in charge of the Legal Consultancy of the City Council and was a member of some commissions.
From 2000 to 2008, Manuel Rosales was Governor of Zulia. Pablo Pérez worked with him in some posts. In 2006 Pérez Álvarez was appointed by Rosales as "Secretario de Gobierno", the second highest ranking official in the government of Zulia.
In 2004 Pablo Pérez was candidate of the political party A New Era for the mayor’s office of Maracaibo. But he was narrowly defeated by the candidate of the Fifth Republic Movement, Gian Carlo di Martino.
Governor of Zulia.
In 2008 he competed for the post of Governor of Zulia with the support of A New Era and other political parties opposed to the government of Hugo Chávez during the 2008 regional elections. Pablo Pérez won with 53.59% of the votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20869969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869969" title="R183 road (Ireland)">
R183 road (Ireland)

The R183 road is a regional road in Ireland, linking Clones Town to Castleblayney in County Monaghan. The route is long. 
Route.
West to east the route starts as the A34 in Northern Ireland on the western edge of Clones. In the town it crosses the N54. It continues eastwards through Newbliss and Ballybay before passing under the N2 near Castleblayney.
From the west of the R183, the A34 runs into Maguiresbridge which connects into the A4 into Enniskillen.

</doc>
<doc id="20869979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869979" title="Richard Martin (Lord Mayor of London)">
Richard Martin (Lord Mayor of London)

Sir Richard Martin (died London, July 1617) was an English goldsmith and Master of the Mint who served as Sheriff and twice as Lord Mayor of the City of London during the reign of Elizabeth I.
Early career.
Martin was the son of Thomas Martin, of Saffron Walden, Essex. He was elected a liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Goldsmiths, one of the Livery Companies or craft guilds of the City of London, in 1558. 
He was elected alderman for the wards of Farringdon Within 1578-1598 and Bread Street 1598-1602. He was Sheriff of London in 1581-1582. 
Martin was knighted in 1588-1589 and served a partial year as Lord Mayor in 1589, succeeding Sir Martin Calthrop who had died in office. He was Prime Warden or head of the Goldsmiths' Company 1592-1593, chairing the Court of Wardens or governing body of the company, and served a second term as Lord Mayor in 1593-1594, succeeding Sir Cuthbert Buckle. His other municipal offices included President of Christ's Hospital and Comptroller-General of Hospitals 1594-1602. 
Martin was Warden of the Royal Mint by 1572, and was responsible for overseeing the workings of the mint and the quality of the coinage. John Stow's "Survey of London" records Martin's charges against John Lonyson or Lonison, Master of the Mint, in the 1570s, a matter that was finally weighed by a commission of Privy Council members including Nicholas Bacon, the Lord Keeper, William Cecil, Lord Burghley, the Lord Treasurer, and others, which recommended that
Martin himself succeeded Lonyson as Master of the Mint in 1582, serving in that capacity until his death in 1617. 
Martin was an investor in Sir Francis Drake's 1577–1580 voyage of circumnavigation and also in Drake's 1585–1586 expedition to harass the Spanish ports in the New World.
Marriage and family.
Martin married Dorcas Eccleston (1536/1537–1599), daughter of one John Eccleston or Egleston of Lancashire. They had five sons and one daughter.
Dorcas Martin was a translator and bookseller, and both Martins were active in radical religious causes including the Admonition Controversy, part of an effort to encourage the queen to further reform Protestantism in England. In 1573 Dorcas Martin was the licensed bookseller for Thomas Cartwright's "A replye to An answere made of M. doctor Whitgifte", a response to John Whitgift's denunciation of Presbyterianism.
Their son Captain John Martin commanded the "Benjamin" under Drake in the 1585–1586 expedition. On his return, John Martin married Mary Brandon (born 1566), daughter of Robert Brandon, Chamberlain of London, on 23 May 1586 at St Vedast, Foster Lane. John Martin became a Councilman of the Jamestown Colony of Virginia in 1607 and was the proprietor of Martin's Brandon Plantation on the south bank of the James River, apparently named after his wife's family. 
Another son, Richard (died 1616), served with his father as a master-worker at the mint from 1599 to 1607.
Their daughter Dorcas married Sir Julius Caesar, later Chancellor of the Exchequer and Master of the Rolls under James I.
Later life.
Martin had remained both Warden and Master of the Mint for almost two decades, but following 1597 charges that he was profiteering by delaying repayments he sold his office of Warden to Sir Thomas Knyvet. The two soon fell out, with Knyvet accusing Martin of owing the crown substantial funds and Martin insisting he was owed. Martin was briefly imprisoned for debt, which led to his removal from his Aldermanry on 31 August 1602 on account of his "unfitting demeanour and carriage". Suits and countersuits continued, with the Exchequer finding against Martin in 1607 and a further enquiry finding in his favour in 1615. He died in July 1617, and was buried in Tottenham Church, 30 July 1617. At his death he "was held near a hundred years old". His wife Dorcas had been buried in the same church on 2 September 1599, and his son Richard on 28 May 1616.

</doc>
<doc id="20869986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869986" title="Nanded Airport">
Nanded Airport

Nanded Airport is a public airport located in Nanded, in the state of Maharashtra, India. It was inaugurated on 4 October 2008 by Union Aviation Minister Shri. Praful Patel and the then Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Vilasrao Deshmukh, with Kingfisher Airlines flying a special commemorative flight to Nanded airport using its ATR-72 turboprop aircraft.
History.
The Nanded airfield was built in 1958 by the Public Works Department and has the distinction of being the first airport in the Marathwada region. However, it remained under-developed for many years being served only for a short while by Regional carrier Vayudoot in the early 90s. In April 2000, the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation took over the development and maintenance of the airport.
To push trade in the region, the Maharashtra State Industries Ministry initiated the process of modernisation of airports operated by MIDC in 2006. Tenders were floated to invite private parties to draw out a plan for airport operations. as a result of which, the airport was leased to Reliance Airport Developers, a subsidiary of Reliance Infra that undertakes project management, implementation and operation of airports, who currently operate the airport. 
Upgrade.
In 2008 the airport was upgraded at a cost of Rs. 940 million. A new terminal complex, complete with an apron measuring 290 m x 120 m was constructed on the north side of the runway to accommodate three parking bays for large aircraft with fueling stations and CAT V and CAT VI Airport Fire Fighting & Rescue Service.
Structure.
While the New terminal building, capable of handling 300 passengers at peak hours, featured six check-in counters, VIP Lounges, Departure and Arrival Lounges, Transit Suites & Snooze Cabins, Visitors Waiting Area and Cafeteria, the airside saw drastic improvements too. The sole runway was extended from 1375 metres to 2300 metres. Runway width was also increased by 15 metres to 45 metres, making it capable of handling larger aircraft such as the Boeing 737 and the Airbus A320.
A new night landing system and airfield lighting system was installed along with modern Navigational aids. 
The Directorate General of Civil Aviation awarded Provisional Aerodrome License to Nanded Airport in Public use Category on 5 April 2010 and Permanent License on 1 October 2010. Passenger traffic at Nanded airport in FY 2011 Q2 increased to almost 5,700 per month from 3,000 in the previous quarter.
Airlines and destinations.
No Scheduled commercial operations.

</doc>
<doc id="20869987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869987" title="2002 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters – Singles">
2002 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters – Singles

Gustavo Kuerten was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Tim Henman.
Carlos Moyá won in the final 7–5, 7–6(7–5) against Lleyton Hewitt.

</doc>
<doc id="20869989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20869989" title="Rudolf Smend">
Rudolf Smend

Rudolf Smend (November 5, 1851 – December 27, 1913) was a German theologian born in Lengerich, Westphalia. He was an older brother to theologian Julius Smend (1857–1930), and the father of Carl Friedrich Rudolf Smend (1882–1975), an authority on constitutional and ecclesiastical law.
He studied theology at the Universities of Göttingen, Berlin and Bonn, earning his doctorate in 1874 with a dissertation on Arabic poetry. In 1880 he became an associate professor of the Old Testament at the University of Basel, where shortly afterwards he attained the title of full professor.
In 1889 he returned to the University of Göttingen as a professor of Biblical science and Semitic languages. At Göttingen he was reunited with his former teacher Julius Wellhausen (1844–1918), who was a major influence in his professional career. Smend is largely remembered for critical examination of the Old Testament, particularly in his research involving stories of the Hexateuch. In 1907 with Alfred Rahlfs (1865–1935) he created the "Septuaginta-Unternehmen" (Septuagint Venture) in the Göttingen Society of Sciences.
Smend died in Ballenstedt.

</doc>
<doc id="20870018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870018" title="Weeks and Day">
Weeks and Day

Weeks and Day was an American architectural firm founded in 1916 by architect Charles Peter Weeks (1870–1928) and engineer William Peyton Day (1886–1966). 
Weeks was born in Copley, Ohio, educated in the atelier of Victor Laloux at the École des Beaux-Arts from 1892 to 1895, and briefly partnered with John Galen Howard. (Weeks is unrelated to the Canadian-American architect W. H. Weeks, also practicing in San Francisco in these years.) 
Day had been in partnership with pioneering San Francisco reinforced concrete engineer John B. Leonard. With Weeks as designer and Day as engineer, the firm specialized in theaters and cinemas, including several exuberant movie palaces and hotels in the San Francisco Bay Area, extending to Los Angeles and San Diego. 
The firm was most active immediately before Weeks' untimely death in 1928. Day continued the firm for 25 more years, closing the firm in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20870027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870027" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Northampton County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Northampton County, Pennsylvania

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Northampton County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Northampton County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 53 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 3 sites designated as National Historic Landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="20870035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870035" title="Wiltshire County Council election, 1989">
Wiltshire County Council election, 1989

Elections to Wiltshire County Council were held on 4 May 1989. The whole council was up for election and the result was No overall control.

</doc>
<doc id="20870056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870056" title="Grijpskerk railway station">
Grijpskerk railway station

Grijpskerk is a railway station located in Grijpskerk, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 1 June 1866 and is located on the Harlingen–Nieuweschans railway between Leeuwarden and Groningen. The train service is operated by Arriva.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Grijpskerk:

</doc>
<doc id="20870057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870057" title="SM-65D Atlas">
SM-65D Atlas

The SM-65D Atlas, or Atlas D, was the first operational version of the U.S. Atlas missile. Atlas D was first used as an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) to deliver a nuclear weapon payload on a suborbital trajectory. It was later developed as a launch vehicle to carry a payload to low Earth orbit on its own, and later to geosynchronous orbit, to the Moon, Venus, or Mars with the Agena or Centaur upper stage.
Atlas D launches were conducted from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, at Launch Complexes 11, 12, 13 and 14, and Vandenberg Air Force Base at Launch Complex 576.
The Atlas D testing program began with the launch of Vehicle 3D from LC-13 on April 14, 1959. The right booster engine experienced problems at ignition, falling to only 40% of full thrust. Additional problems were caused when the LOX drain valve failed to close, oxidizer spilled down the side of the booster and exploded on contact with the engine exhaust. The vehicle lifted and continued to fly at an oblique angle for about 20 seconds before further explosions in the boattail section caused the right booster engine to separate from the Atlas. With all control lost, the burning missile pitched over and was destroyed by the Range Safety Officer at T+37 seconds.
On May 18, Atlas 7D was prepared for a night launch. The test was conducted with the Mercury astronauts in attendance in order to showcase the vehicle that would take them into orbit, but 60 seconds of flight ended in another explosion, prompting Gus Grissom to remark "Are we really going to get on top of one of those things?". This failure was traced to improper separation of a pin on the right launcher hold-down arm, causing helium pressurization gas to escape so that the RP-1 tank overpressurized and ruptured the LOX tank above it.
Atlas 5D in June suffered loss of thrust at staging due to another valve problem, but the fifth test on July 29 was successful, and after another flight on August 11, the Atlas D was reluctantly declared operational. Subsequent tests in the fall and winter all performed well, although the launch of a boilerplate Mercury capsule on Atlas 10D (Big Joe) in September was a partial success because the booster engines failed to separate.
With this string of successful Atlas tests, NASA, Convair, and the Air Force were lulled into a sense of security that was rudely ended on March 13, 1960 when Atlas 51D suffered combustion instability and was destroyed by Range Safety only three seconds after liftoff. A second disaster occurred on April 8 when 48D experienced the same problem, but this time failed to make it off the pad before exploding, severely damaging it in the ensuing holocaust. With two launch facilities now in need of repair, attention shifted to LC-12 where Atlas 56D flew over 9000 miles with an instrumented nose cone, impacting the Indian Ocean.
Meanwhile, Missile 23D in May lost control shortly after liftoff from Vandenberg AFB due to an electrical short. There were multiple problems at Pad 576B with service tower umbilicals that were ultimately traced to erroneous construction of the pad itself.
Most Atlas D launches were sub-orbital missile tests; however several were used for other missions, including orbital launches of manned Mercury, and unmanned OV1 spacecraft. Two were also used as sounding rockets as part of Project FIRE. A number were also used with upper stages, such as the RM-81 Agena, to launch satellites.
For Mercury, the Atlas D was used to launch four manned Mercury spacecraft into low Earth orbit. The modified version of the Atlas D used for Project Mercury was designated Atlas LV-3B.

</doc>
<doc id="20870062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870062" title="Ronald Zinn">
Ronald Zinn

Ronald Lloyd Zinn (May 10, 1939 – July 7, 1965) was a race walker from the United States, who represented his native country at two Summer Olympics, starting in 1960. His best finish was sixth place in the men's 20 km walk at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan. He came in third in the 20 km event at the 1963 Pan American Games.
Ron Zinn was born in Peoria, Illinois. He graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point and served in the Vietnam War. Zinn was killed in a firefight near Saigon (now Ho Chi Min City) while serving in the 173rd Airborne Brigade of the United States Army. He held the rank of Captain at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20870063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870063" title="Solapur Airport">
Solapur Airport

Solapur Airport is a public airport located in Solapur, in the state of Maharashtra, India.
History.
The airport was built by Indian Defence Authorities in September 1948 during the police action operation on the ex-Hyderabad State. The base, however, was not maintained after the operation. It was re-built in 1987 and was run and maintained by the Public Works Department.
Kingfisher Red operated an ATR-72 service to Mumbai in February 2009 four times a week but was discontinued in August 2010. 
Proposed New Airport.
Citing lack of space for expansion, The State Government has taken a decision to develop a new Green Field “Code-D” airport at a cost of Rs. 310 Crores near Boramani village about 15 Kilometres North-east from the current airport.
Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) is acquiring about 650 Ha. of land for developing and developing the commercial area around the airport to support this airport 549.34 hectares of which is already government land. Solapur airport has been listed as one among 51 new low-cost airports that were announced by the Government in July 2013.
Airlines and destinations.
No scheduled commercial air service at this time.

</doc>
<doc id="20870141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870141" title="Gandhinagar Airport">
Gandhinagar Airport

Gandhinagar Airport was a public airport serving the city of Nashik, in the state of Maharashtra, India. It has been closed and all the operations have been transferred to the Ozar Airport .
History.
Indian Airlines used to operate a daily flight between Nashik and Mumbai from 1972 to 1989. Vayudoot then took over and operated a Dornier 228 till June 1992. For five years, there was no air service available from Nashik, till April 1997, when the Maharashtra-Span Air — a joint venture of state government and Span Aviation Ltd — inaugurated its daily service to Mumbai. It operated a 12-seater Beechcraft on the route as a part of the government's ambitious plan to connect important districts in the state by air. The service was abruptly discontinued on June 30, 1997.
Airlines and destinations.
No Commercial services

</doc>
<doc id="20870144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870144" title="Jesse Baker (baseball)">
Jesse Baker (baseball)

Jesse Baker (born "Michael Myron Silverman", March 4, 1895 – July 29, 1976) was a professional baseball player who played shortstop in the Major Leagues in for the Washington Senators.
He was born in Cleveland, Ohio and died in West Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20870146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870146" title="Fishing Lake">
Fishing Lake

Fishing Lake is a lake in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The lake is located between highway 5 and highway 16, 22 km north of the town of Foam Lake, Saskatchewan, and 24 km east of the town of Wadena, Saskatchewan. The lake does not have an effective outlet channel, and so is prone to flooding. Record floods in 2007 resulted in a plan by the Government of Saskatchewan to lower the level of the lake by digging a drainage channel. The Fishing Lake First Nation opposed this plan, and instead flood control berms were constructed.
Fishing Lake Park.
Fishing Lake Park is a regional park located along the shores of Fishing Lake. The park was established in 1967, and operates six locations: Chorney Beach, Leslie Beach, Knights of Columbus, Saskin Beach, Pavilion Beach and the Foam Lake Golf and Country Club.
Fishing Lake First Nation.
The Fishing Lake First Nation are an independent first nation of the Saulteaux branch of the Ojibwe nation.. The band can trace their origins to central Canada, and were pushed westward to avoid encroachment by European settlers. The First Nation was originally part of the Yellow-quill Saulteaux Band, a Treaty Band named after a Treaty 4 signatory Chief "Ošāwaškokwanēpi", whose name means "Green/Blue-quill." However, due to "š" merging with "s" in "Nakawēmowin" (Saulteaux language), this led to a mistranslation of his name as "Yellow-quill"—"yellow" being "osāw-", while "green/blue" being "ošāwaško-" (or "osāwasko-" in Saulteaux). The band was given three reserves, at Fishing and Nut Lakes (surveyed in September, 1881) and Kinistino, Saskatchewan (surveyed in 1900). The Fishing Lake Indian Reserve 89 was approximately . Soon after the death of Chief "Ošāwaškokwanēpi", the Band divided into three groups, the Fishing Lake First Nation, the Yellow Quill First Nation, and the Kinistin Saulteaux Nation
In 1905 the Canadian Northern Railway Company requested that the northern end of the Fishing Lake Reserve be opened for settlement. The Yellow-quill Saulteaux Band initially refused to surrender the land. In response, the Department of Indian Affairs had the Yellow-quill Saulteaux Band sign an agreement recognizing the three separate reserves as distinct bands. In 1907 the Department was able to secured the surrender of from Fishing Lake Indian Reserve 89, dealing directly with the now distinct Fishing Lake First Nation.
Negotiations for the return of the surrendered land began in April 1989 when the band submitted a claim to the Minister of Indian Affairs. During the subsequent inquiry by the Indian Claims Commission it was discovered that as many as three of the individuals who signed the surrender document in 1907 were less than 21 years of age. It was also discovered that the affidavit certifying the surrender was not properly sworn according to the statutory standards in place at the time.
In 2001, a Settlement Agreement was ratified allowing the band to add to the reserve. In addition, band members received $2,000 each, and elders 55 years of age or older received $4,000 apiece. The agreement was worth $35,000,000, and was Saskatchewan's largest land claim.
There are presently 1,475 people registered with the Fishing Lake First Nation, of which 405 live on reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="20870148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870148" title="Marina Abràmova">
Marina Abràmova

Marina Abràmova () is a Russian expert in Catalan culture, born in Moscow in 1955.
She was awarded her doctorate at Lomonossov University in Moscow in 1986 for her thesis on Tirant lo Blanch by Joanot Martorell. She has published numerous articles on the work of Martorell, and has also studied Ausiàs Marc and Ramon Llull.
Abràmova was the editor of the anthology "Ogon i rozi". "Sovreménnaia Katalonskaia poézia" (The Fire and the roses: Catalan Contemporary Poetry, 1981) and the collection of articles "Katalonskaia cultura vtxerà i segodnia" (Catalan culture of yesterday and today, 1997), and has translated into Russian literary works by S. Dali, poems by M. Marti i Pol, and the novels El mar (The Sea) by B. Bonet, and Tirant lo Blanch by J. Martorell.

</doc>
<doc id="20870152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870152" title="Adam Walker (footballer)">
Adam Walker (footballer)

Adam Richard Walker (born 22 January 1991) is an English footballer. He is a midfielder who plays for Conference Premier team Nuneaton Town.
Career.
Walker made his professional debut as a substitute on for Coventry City on 28 December 2008 in a 2–0 Football League Championship win against Sheffield Wednesday.
He made his second appearance in a 0–0 draw against Charlton Athletic at the Ricoh Arena.
Walker joined Nuneaton Town on loan on 28 October 2009, before joining them on a permanent deal on 1 April 2010 after being released by Coventry City. Adam Walker is Nuneaton's current second top scorer for the 2012/2013 season having scored 8 goals in 25 appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="20870153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870153" title="Ron Richard">
Ron Richard

Ronald F. (Ron) Richard (born July 4, 1947) is an American politician from the state of Missouri. A Republican, Richard served in the Missouri House of Representatives, including as Speaker of the House before being elected to the State Senate in 2010. He is the first speaker to later be elected Missouri senator in more than 100 years. Richard represents the 32nd Senatorial District.
Personal life.
Background and education.
Richard was born in Parsons, Kansas. After moving to Joplin during his childhood, Richard graduated from McAuley Catholic High School in 1965. Richard attended Missouri Southern State University, receiving a bachelor of arts in 1969. He then furthered his education by attended graduate school at Southwest Missouri State University, receiving his master of arts in 1971.
Richard currently lives in Joplin with his wife, Patty. They have two children together: Kara and Chad.
Career.
Richard is a partner in A&R Development and C&R Development Corporation. Additionally, Richard has full duties with C&N Bowl Corporation.
Group memberships and awards.
Richard is a member of the Joplin Elks Lodge, the Joplin Chamber of Commerce, the National Federation of Independent Businesses, the Joplin Industrial and Development Authority, the Joplin Kiwanis Club, Missouri Farm Bureau, Scottish Rite Bodies, the Valley of Joplin, the Joplin Knights of Columbus, and the Missouri Higher Education Savings Program Board (MOST). He is a former member of the Professional Bowlers Association and is the chairman of the Joplin 353 Downtown Development Corporation.
Richard was the recipient of the Missouri Southern State University Outstanding Alumni award in 2003, the RCGA Statesman Award in 2004, the St. Louis Business Journal Legislative Award, the Community College Award, and has served as the 7th District delegate to the Republican National Convention on multiple occasions.
Elected office.
Richard's first role in politics came in 1990, when he was elected to the Joplin City Council. He served on the city council until 1994, when he was elected mayor. Richard served as Joplin mayor until 1997.
In 2002, Richard ran to replace the outgoing Chuck Surface, in the first session where term limits were enacted in 1992 and starting in 1994 fully affected all prior members. Richard won a primary battle with fellow Republican Edward Duff, garnering over 75% of the vote. He then won the general election in a three-way race with Democrat Fred Coombes and Libertarian Jack Stults, earning nearly 69% of the vote. He has run unopposed in every election since.
In 2005, Richard was appointed chairman of the influential Committee on Job Creation and Economic Development. Richard helped lead several key pieces of legislation through the Missouri House, including a bill that would have helped Canadian aerospace manufacturer Bombardier construct a mega-plant in the Kansas City metropolitan area. Despite successful passage through the General Assembly and approval by Governor Matt Blunt, Bombardier decided not to relocate.
In September 2007, the House Republican caucus chose to meet and choose a successor to then-Speaker Rod Jetton for the 95th General Assembly. This election was held "to fend off any fight during what could be a difficult election cycle," and to allow the prospective incoming speaker to attend leadership meetings in preparation for their new role. In a caucus meeting, Richard beat out fellow Republican and Budget Committee chair Allen Icet to be preliminarily named Speaker of the 95th General Assembly. Upon convening the 95th General Assembly, Richard was named speaker by acclamation.
In 2010 he ran unopposed in both the primary and general election to assume the 32nd district state senate position formerly held by Gary Nodler.

</doc>
<doc id="20870162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870162" title="Phil Jutzi">
Phil Jutzi

Phil Jutzi (sometimes known as Piel Jutzi) (July 22, 1896 - May 1, 1946) was a German cinematographer and film director.
Born Philipp Jutzi in Altleiningen as the son of a tailor, Jutzi was self-educated. (He seems to have been generally known by the Palatinate dialect form of his given name, Piel, but a lawsuit by Harry Piel forced him to go by "Phil," though many journalists continued to use "Piel.") In 1916 he made posters for a small movie theater in the Black Forest, having been rejected by the military during World War I because of a physical disability. In 1919 he was an administrator of the Internationale Film-Industrie company in Heidelberg, which specialized in detective movies and westerns. In 1923 he married Emmy Philippine Zimmermann, the sister of the actor Holmes Zimmermann (born Johannes Zimmermann, 1900–1957), who acted in seven of his films; in May 1926 a daughter, Gisela, was born. 
In 1925 Jutzi moved to Berlin, where he worked as a documentary cameraman for the Communist film company Welt-Film; in 1928/29 he directed the semidocumentary film "Um's tägliche Brot (Hunger in Waldenburg)". From 1926 he worked as a director for the leftist Prometheus Film, and on the basis of such films as "Mutter Krausens Fahrt ins Glück" (Mother Krause's Journey to Happiness) (1929) became known as a leading director of proletarian films. At the beginning of 1928 he became a member of the Communist Party, but left it at the end of 1929.
After the completion of "Berlin Alexanderplatz: the story of Franz Biberkopfs" (1931), based on the Alfred Döblin novel, his political orientation changed drastically. In March 1933 Jutzi joined the Nazi Party, and under the Nazi regime became a prolific director, from 1933 to 1941 directing 49 short films (he was rarely allowed to make feature movies because of his political past). In 1934/35 he directed the German spy film "Lockspitzel Asew" (Azef the Agent Provocateur) with Fritz Rasp and Olga Chekhova, following it with the Austrian spy drama "Der Kosak und die Nachtigall" (The Cossack and the Nightingale) with Iván Petrovich und Jarmila Novotná. But he was not by any means a renowned director, and continued to have financial difficulties until the end of his life. During the 1940s his health worsened and he became unfit for work. After the end of World War II he returned to his native Altleiningen; he died the following year in Neustadt an der Weinstraße.

</doc>
<doc id="20870198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870198" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Perry County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Perry County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Perry County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Perry County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 21 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20870210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870210" title="P-12 radar">
P-12 radar

The P-12 "Yenisei" (also referred to by the NATO reporting name "Spoon Rest" in the west) was an early 2D VHF radar developed and operated by the former Soviet Union.
Development.
The P-12 Yenisei was a development of the earlier P-10 radar, the P-12 being developed between 1954 and 1956. The P-12 was developed by the SKB Design Bureau, a division of State Plant No.197 named after V. I. Lenin who developed the previous P-10, the predecessor of the current Nizhniy Novgorod Research Institute of Radio Engineering (NNIIRT). The Yenisei radar was accepted into service in 1956 following the successful completion of the radars test program.
In 1958 a modernised variant of the P-12 passed the testing process and entered into service as the P-12M, the modernised radar featured the ability to shift the radar frequency within a range of 10 MHz. A further modernisation came in 1962 in the form of the P-12MP which featured improved reliability, reduced side lobe radiation and the ability to be paired with a centimeter band search radar, in 1970 the radar was provided with flicker equipment to improve immunity to anti-radiation missiles. The final variant of the P-12 was the P-12NP which was also produced as the P-12NA with a different transport chassis. The P-12NP compared with the previous P-12MP featured improved detection ranges and reliability as well as the ability to locate the control cabin up to 500 meters from the antenna to improve crew survivability as a result of attack on the radar.
Description.
The main differences between the earlier P-10 and the P-12 included a new antenna feed system with lower side lobes, reduced to 4% of the main lobe. The P-12 also offered a greater frequency range and greater frequency agility, being able to retune to four pre-set frequencies automatically as well as automatic frequency fine tuning. Finally Yenisei had greater accuracy with improved detection range (250 km) and better protection against passive and active interference. In addition to frequency agility the P-12 was the first Russian radar system to use the coherent cancellation moving target indicator (MTI) method to eliminate ground clutter.
The P-12 "Spoon Rest A" was mounted on two Zil trucks, though later with the P-12NP "Spoon Rest B" the radar antenna mast was mounted on a separate trailer cabin to allow for location away from the other components of the radar site, the P-12NA returned to a track based platform. The P-12 used a single antenna accomplishing both transmission and reception, the antenna was composed of twelve Yagi antenna mounted in sets of six with one set above the other. Azimuth was scanned mechanically by the antenna with a rotation of 10 r.p.m, elevation was determined using a Goniometer by comparing the phase comparison between the upper and lower antenna sets, in similar fashion to the original P-3 but since this reduced range it was rarely used. The P-12 used two indicators, a plan position indicator in addition to an E-scope to indicate height, the P-12 could integrate track information from an additional radar with both sets of information appearing on the plan position indicator A secondary radar for IFF was generally used in conjunction with the P-12 such as the NRS-12 (NATO "Score Board").
Operators.
The P-12 was operated by the Soviet Union from 1956 but has since become obsolete and retired from service, replaced by more advanced models entering into service after the P-12 such as the P-18 radar. The P-12 was also exported to many allies of the Soviet Union including Vietnam and Egypt, often being used as a search radar for the S-75 surface to air missile system (SA-2 "Guideline").
Combat history.
The P-12 served in both the Vietnam War as well as several conflicts in the Middle East. One particularly notable incident took place during the War of Attrition in 1969 when Israeli commandos captured a P-12 radar station from Egypt in Operation Rooster 53.

</doc>
<doc id="20870232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870232" title="Fabiola Rodas">
Fabiola Rodas

Jackeline Fabiola Rodas Valladares (born September 6, 1992, in Guatemala City, Guatemala) is a Guatemalan singer who gained international fame by coming in 2nd place on the reality show "La Academia--Última Generación" in 2008; and most recently crowned the winner of El Gran Desafío de Estrellas, defeating the original La Academia winner, Myriam. Since very little, she has displayed an interest in singing, dancing and music. She speaks Spanish and is currently learning English, German and Italian. Recently she had to pause studying Bachelor of Tourism due to "La Academia", which promotes "TV Azteca" International.[http://www.fabiolaonline.com/bio]
Accolades.
2001
Won first place in a contest organized by The Teletón in Guatemala.
2002
Opened the first concert of Belinda in Guatemala.
Child was declared artist of the year.
2003
She opened the concert for the first generation of "La Academia" of "TV Azteca"
She opened the concert by the duo Pimpinela.
She opened the concert for Pandora.
She opened the concert for Angélica Vale.
2004
She opened the concert in Guatemala for Eros Ramazotti in his tour Eros9.
She opened concert for Alberto Cortez 
Guatemala represented in "World Championships of Performing Arts" won 7 gold medals and top 5 awards in 7 categories, such as Music Genres: R & B, Pop, Rock, Latin, Dance and Vocal Broadway.
2005
She opened 2 concerts for Vicente Fernández.
Participated in Codigo Fama Internacional Televisa Mexico where she earned third place.
Launched her first concert, in which she invited some of her friends of Codigo Fama Internacional and Zapping Zone, after returning from her participation in Codigo Fama Internacional Televisa Mexico 
She was also invited by Marcelo Tinelli from Argentina, to participate in ShowMatch for a period of 3 months. The Argentine public showed all their admiration, support and sympathy to Fabiola, becoming the first Guatemalan girl recognized and loved in Argentina. Moreover, at each occurrence of Fabiola in Show-Match, the rating rose very significantly.
2006
She was invited to the events of arroba gold in Los Angeles, Panama, Dominican Republic, El Salvador and Guatemala.
Received and accepted an invitation to ShowMatch program, on which she awarded the first place. In this occasion, the rating left a lot to talk about because of raising more than 32 points in each share, beating all the local competition, even better ratings above, where there were presentations by artists such as Ricky Martin, Chayanne, etc.
2008
This year she has had several appearances in her country, and recently won second place in the last generation of "La Academia"
2009
On January 10 she offered a concert in Guatemala. With all she sang inside La Academia. This concert was to thank all the support Guatemala gave her.
On July 26, Fabiola was crowned the winner of Desafio de Estrellas#El Gran Desafío de Estrellas and wins 3 million of mexican pesos. She is currently recording her first CD which will be available on December.
Inside La Academia.
Fabiola inside La Academia felt very insecure. She was well received by critics in the majority of the concerts. Whenever she got bad critics was because of the songs chosen for her by the professors or well, for some vocal mistakes that every artist has. La Academia was a reality show for singers from 16–25 years old. Inside the house they were taught singing, dancing, acting and many different activities. It was a four months' period, and each Sund ay there was a concert, on which students were eliminated one bye one. Fabiola showed everyone she was a great performer and that she had the potential to make it to the finale and so she did. Fabiola received many tasks during La Academia, like getting out some cliches she had gotten, she was marked because of imitating Christina Aguilera. Since she was a little girl, Fabiola listened to R&B, Jazz and Blues music. 
Considered as one of the best voices and students La Academia had, she got the 2nd place.
Elimination chart.
1Lyanne Rebeca García Parra was EXPELLED before Concert 1.
Performances in La Academia.
Concert 1: Las de la Intuicion - Shakira
Concert 2: Volvere - Jesse & Joy
Concert 3: Luz Sin Gravedad - Belinda
Concert 4: Viveme - Laura Pausini
Concert 5: Daria - La Quinta Estación
Concert 6: El Amor Coloca - Mónica Naranjo
Concert 7: Quien Eres Tu -Yuri
Concert 8: Se Como Duele - Karina
Concert 9: Lo siento - Belinda
Concert 10:Tocando Fondo - Kalimba
Concert 11:Como Olvidar - Olga Tañón
Concert 12:Tristes Recuerdos - Pepe Aguilar
Concert 13:Cuando Baja La Marea - Yuri
Concert 14:Yo pa' ti no Estoy - Rossana
Concert 15:Por Cobardia - Lila Deneken
Concert 15:Ven conmigo - Christina Aguilera
FINALE 1 SONG: Regresa A Mi - Toni Braxton
FINALE 2 SONG: Como Olvidar - Olga Tañón
Performances in El Gran Desafio.
Concert 7: Otro Amor Vendra - Lara Fabian
Concert 8: Un Poco de Amor - Queen
Concert 9: Mi Alma Te Seguira - Celine Dion
Concert 10:Angel - Robbie Williams
Concert 11:Quien Eres Tu - Yuri
Concert 12:Without You/Sin Ti - Harry Nilsson
Concert 13:Fame - Irene Cara<br>
" "La Cigarra - Lola Beltrán<br>
" "I Will Always Love You - Whitney Houston
Concert 14: The Power of Love - Celine Dion<br>
" "No Te Quiero Nada - Ha*Ash<br>
" "Te Conozco Bien - Marc Anthony<br>
" "Por Ti Volare - Andrea Bocelli
Discography.
In early 2010, she released her first album with 2 new songs, 1 Telenovela theme and 7 covers.
Mi Gran Desafío.
01. Mi Sed - "Previously Unreleased"
02. Alma Rota - "Previously Unreleased"
03. Mi Corazón se irá (""My Heart Will Go On"")
04. No Se Vivir Si No es Contigo (""Without You"")
05. Fama (""Fame"")
06. I Will Always Love You
07. ¿Quién Eres Tu? (""Love Will Lead You Back"")
08. Otro Amor Vendrá (""I Will Love Again"")
09. Cuando Baja La Marea
10. Pobre Diabla - "Telenovela Theme"
Mi Gran Desafío "International Edition".
01. Mi Sed - "Previously Unreleased"
02. Alma Rota - "Previously Unreleased"
03. Mi Corazón se irá (""My Heart Will Go On"")
04. No Se Vivir Si No es Contigo (""Without You"")
05. Víveme (""Vivimi"")
06. Fama (""Fame"")
07. Ven Conmigo (""Come On Over Baby (All I Want Is You)"")
08. I Will Always Love You
09. ¿Quién Eres Tu? (""Love Will Lead You Back"")
10. Otro Amor Vendrá (""I Will Love Again"")
11. Cuando Baja La Marea
12. Por Cobardía
13. Pobre Diabla - "Telenovela Theme"
14. Como Olvidar
15. Por Ti Volaré (""Con te partirò"")

</doc>
<doc id="20870234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870234" title="Wayna">
Wayna

Wayna (known by the real name Woyneab Miraf Wondwossen) is an Ethiopian-born American R&B singer.
Her single "My Love" reached the Billboard R&B charts in 2008, peaking at Number 99. Wayna was nominated for Best Urban/Alternative Performance for the song "Lovin You (Music)" at the 2009 Grammy Awards.
She was arrested on March 26, 2009 and charged with possession of a prohibited weapon at Bush Intercontinental Airport when she attempted to board a flight with a 24-inch collapsible police baton that she uses in her performances. A judge dismissed the charges the next day.

</doc>
<doc id="20870237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870237" title="Ratnagiri Airport">
Ratnagiri Airport

Ratnagiri Airport is a public airport located in Ratnagiri, in the Konkan division of the state of Maharashtra, India.
History.
The airport was built in 1973 by the Public Works Department, Government of India. It was transferred to the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation(MIDC) for upgradation, expansion and maintenance in 1997. During the 2008 winter session of the state legislature, the Maharashtra State Cabinet decided to hand over the airport to the Indian Coast Guard for setting up an air station. It proposed to hand over 41 hectares of airport land and another 19 hectares of MIDC land to the defence ministry .
Coast Guard Air Station.
The Indian Coast Guard have taken over the airstrip at Ratnagiri and will develop it into its first full-fledged air station in Maharashtra. The Air station will play a crucial role in maritime surveillance and search & rescue operations.
Airlines and destinations.
No scheduled commercial air service at this time.

</doc>
<doc id="20870247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870247" title="Anglican churches in the Americas">
Anglican churches in the Americas

The Anglican churches in the Americas.
Anglican Communion churches.
The Anglican churches in North and South America include the following member churches of the Anglican Communion. 
Non—Anglican Communion churches.
The following churches in the Americas, in the Anglican tradition, are not members of the Anglican Communion.

</doc>
<doc id="20870265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870265" title="Hans Flügel">
Hans Flügel

Hans Flügel (13 February 1919 — 1 March 1989) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Hans Flügel was born on the 13 February 1919, in Arzberg.
After he finished school at the age of 16 he volunteered to join the SS in August 1935.
He was posted to the 1st SS Totenkopf Standarte "Oberbayern" (Upper Bavaria) and was then transferred to the 12th Company "Deutschland".
He missed the Polish Campaign as he had been selected to become an officer and was posted to the SS-Junkerschule at Bad Tölz, when he graduated he was given command in the 4th (MG) Company, SS "Deutschland" for the Battle of France.
World War II.
After the Battle of France, Flügel was given command of the 8th Company, SS "Deutschland", and later transferred to the Reconnaissance Battalion, of "Das Reich".
In the spring of 1942 he transferred to the 5th SS Panzer Battalion, SS Division "Wiking" as commander of the 2nd Company, which was engaged in the offensive at Rostov in the Caucasus.
In 1943 he was selected to be the Ordonnanzoffizier (aide-de-camp), to Obergruppenführer (General), Felix Steiner and helped form the 103 SS Heavy Panzer Battalion, where he was in command of the 1st Company.
In mid 1944 he returned to the SS "Wiking" as the Adjutant of the 5th SS Panzer Regiment, until August 1944 when he took over command of the II.Battalion, 5th SS Panzer Regiment.
It was while in Command of the II.Battalion that he was awarded the Knight's Cross on the 16 October 1944.
Post War.
Hans Flügel survived the war and died on the 1 March 1989, in Naila.

</doc>
<doc id="20870274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870274" title="Mitch Barnhart">
Mitch Barnhart

Mitch Barnhart (born August 27, 1959 in Kansas City, KS) is the athletics director for the Kentucky Wildcats athletics program at the University of Kentucky in Lexington, Kentucky. Barnhart was hired by the university in 2002 succeeding Larry Ivy. Barnhart served in the same capacity at Oregon State University from 1998-2002. He is the university's tenth athletics director. Barnhart's current salary is $600,000 per year.
In February 2011 Barnhart signed a 3 year extension on his contract which will keep him at Kentucky until 2019.
Education.
Barnhart received his B.A. from Ottawa University (Kansas) and an M.S. in sports administration from Ohio University.

</doc>
<doc id="20870282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870282" title="Nelson Larios">
Nelson Larios

Nelson Larios (born 1966 in Puerto Cortés, Honduras) is a retired Honduran footballer.
He is currently the 16th top goal scorer in the history of the Honduran football league with 75 goals, and one of the top scorer of all times for Platense and E.A.C.I.
Career.
His debut as a professional soccer player was at the age of seventeen. He participated in Liga Nacional de Fútbol de Honduras 1984-85 playing for the Platense team. Following Liga Nacional de Fútbol de Honduras 1985-86 in team E.A.C.I until the fall season of 1987-88. After his participation in E.A.C.I he landed in 16th Place in All-Time Scorers (As of May 10, 2009) with 75 goals, and most appearances in the field. Since then the Honduran legent set off into a different path and has not been seen in the field, Nelson Larios, was best known for his high kicks and killer moves.

</doc>
<doc id="20870291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870291" title="Groningen Europapark railway station">
Groningen Europapark railway station

Groningen Europapark is a railway station located in Groningen, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 1 October 2007 and is located on the Harlingen–Nieuweschans railway between Groningen and Nieuweschans. The train services are operated by Arriva and Nederlandse Spoorwegen. A new station Groningen Europapark station opened in December 2012, which is also used by local services from Groningen to Zwolle. The station is near the Euroborg football stadium.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Groningen Europapark:

</doc>
<doc id="20870303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870303" title="Latur Airport">
Latur Airport

History.
Latur Airport was constructed in 1991 by the Public Works Department (PWD) and then handed over to Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation in April 2000,
During 2006-2008, it was upgraded at a cost of nearly Rs.140 million, including a longer runway, New terminal building and car park.
To push trade in the region, the Maharashtra State Industries Ministry initiated the process of modernisation of airports operated by MIDC in 2006. Tenders were floated to invite private parties to draw out a plan for airport operations. as a result of which, the airport was leased to Reliance Airport Developers (RADPL),part of the Reliance Group that undertakes project management, implementation and operation of airports, who currently operate Latur airport along with Nanded, Baramati, Osmanabad and Yavatmal airports.
Kingfisher Airlines commenced flights to Latur from Mumbai via Nanded in October 2008. The service extension to Latur turned seasonal and was stopped when Kingfisher faced financial problems. The Aerodrome is Licensed by the DGCA(Director General of Civil Aviation) in the Public use Category.
Structure.
Latur Airport has one asphalt runway, oriented 05/23, 2300 metres long and 30 metres wide. Its 100 by 70 metre apron provides parking space for 1 ATR and 1 Business Jet at a time, while its terminal building can handle 60 passengers during peak hours.
Navigational aids at Latur include PAPI lights and an Aerodrome beacon

</doc>
<doc id="20870308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870308" title="Aldo Bonadei">
Aldo Bonadei

Aldo Cláudio Felipe Bonadei, also known as Aldo Bonadei (São Paulo June 17, 1906 — São Paulo, January 16, 1974) was a Brazilian painter of Italian descent. 
Early life.
Between 1923 and 1928, Aldo studied with Brazilian academic painter Pedro Alexandrino and frequently visited the studio of Italian painters Antonio Rocco and Amadeo Scavone who also lived in Sao Paulo. During this period, he studied at the Liceu de Artes e Oficios de Sao Paulo, where he took courses on sketching and Fine Arts. 
Italian Influence.
In the beginning of the 1930s, Aldo decided to move to Florence to attend the Florence Academy of Arts (Accademia di Belle Arti di Firenze) where he trained as a painter with the Italian artists Felice Carena and Ennio Pozzi. When he returned from Italy, Aldo shared his studio with other fellow artists such as Francisco Rebollo, Alfredo Volpi, Mario Zanini, Manuel Martins and Fulvio Penacchi, forming group that later became known as Grupo Santa Helena. 
A Pioneers School.
In 1949, Aldo began to teach at what became the first school of Modern Art in Sao Paulo, Escola Livre de Artes Plásticas. His varied interests led him to work in poetry, fashion and theater. He was culturally important in the 1930s and 1940s, when modern art burgeoned in Brazil, becoming a pioneer of Brazilian abstract art.
At the end of the 1950s, Aldo worked as costume designer for Nydia Lícia & Sérgio Cardoso company, and in two films by Walter Hugo Khoury.

</doc>
<doc id="20870320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870320" title="The SteelDrivers">
The SteelDrivers

The SteelDrivers is a bluegrass band from Nashville, Tennessee. Members include fiddler Tammy Rogers, bassist Mike Fleming, guitarist Chris Stapleton and banjoist Richard Bailey. The band has recorded two albums on the Rounder Records label and one independent live album recorded at The Station Inn.
After playing at bluegrass festivals they signed to Rounder Records and released a self-titled debut in 2008. The album peaked at No. 57 on the U.S. Billboard Top Country Albums chart. The group was nominated for a Grammy award in 2009 for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for their song "Blue Side of the Mountain." In 2010, the group received two Grammy nominations for its second album, "Reckless". The album has been nominated for both Best Bluegrass Album and Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for the song "Where Rainbows Never Die."
Stapleton announced in April, 2010 that he was leaving the band to focus on his songwriting, as well as raising his family. He was replaced by former Mercury Records artist Gary Nichols on lead vocals and guitar. In December, 2011 founding member Mike Henderson left the band in order "to do something different". Henderson was replaced by Nashville musician and record producer Brent Truitt.

</doc>
<doc id="20870326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870326" title="Cloak and dagger">
Cloak and dagger

"Cloak and dagger" is an English term sometimes used to refer to situations involving intrigue, secrecy, espionage, or mystery.
The phrase has two possible origins. One dates from the early 19th century, and is a translation from the French "de cape et d'épée" and Spanish "de capa y espada" (literally "of cloak and sword"). These phrases referred to a genre of swashbuckler drama in which the main characters literally wore these items. In 1840, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow wrote, "In the afternoon read "La Dama Duende" of Calderón - a very good comedy of 'cloak and sword'." Charles Dickens subsequently used the phrase "cloak and dagger" in his work "Barnaby Rudge" a year later as a sarcastic reference to this style of drama. The imagery of these two items became associated with the archetypal spy or assassin: The cloak, worn to hide one's identity or remain hidden from view, and the dagger, a concealable and silent weapon.
Numerous works of fiction, including film, have subsequently used the term or taken the phrase in their title. For examples see the disambiguation link.
In historical European martial arts, the term can be taken literally, and refers to wielding a dagger in one hand and a cloak in the other. The purpose of the cloak was to obscure the presence or movement of the dagger, to provide minor protection from slashes, to restrict the movement of the opponent's weapon, and to provide a distraction. Use of the cloak and dagger was considered a "dishonest" method of combat because of its deceptive tactics. Giacomo di Grassi, in "His True Arte of Defence" (1570, English 1594), included a section called "The Rapier and Cloake" that demonstrates how the cloak is used in combat.

</doc>
<doc id="20870329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870329" title="William H. &quot;Bill&quot; Stone">
William H. &quot;Bill&quot; Stone

Bill Stone (born December 29, 1965 in Memphis, Tennessee) is member of the Mississippi State Senate representing Senate District 2, Benton, Marshall and Tippah counties. 
Prior to being elected Senator, Stone was twice elected Mayor of Ashland, Mississippi, serving for 6½ years. Stone is a Democrat and defeated incumbent Republican Senator Ralph H. Doxey in the November, 2007 General Election and was reelected in 2011. Stone's committee assignments include: Municipalities (Vice-Chairman); Business and Financial Institutions; Constitution; County Affairs; Finance; Forestry; Executive Contingency Fund; Public Property; Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks.
As Mayor of Ashland, Stone served on the Mississippi Municipal League Board of Directors, Vice-Chairman of the Municipal Gas Authority of Mississippi (MGAM), Chairman of the North Mississippi Mayors Association and continues to serve on the Commission on the Future of Northeast Mississippi.
Stone is married to the former Debbie Samples of Ashland and they have three children, Jessi Shoup, Will and Adam, and four grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="20870385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870385" title="Växjö Marathon">
Växjö Marathon

Växjö Marathon is an annual marathon running competition in Växjö, Sweden, organized by the local athletics club Växjö Löparklubb. The race was first held in 1994.
The race is currently the second largest marathon in Sweden with 303 starting runners 2008. Eight laps is run around the Växjö Lake on a flat course with 85% asphalt and 15% dirt road. Thanks to the cool temperature in October when it takes place and the easy course, the race is considered fast. The current race records are 2:27:59, set in 1999, and 2:50:36, set in 2008, for men and women respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20870395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870395" title="2009 Minnesota Vikings season">
2009 Minnesota Vikings season

The 2009 Minnesota Vikings season was the franchise's 49th season in the NFL. The Vikings improved upon their 10–6 record and defended their NFC North title from 2008; it was the first time that they had retained a divisional title since they won six NFC Central titles in a row between 1973 and 1978. They beat the Dallas Cowboys in the NFC Divisional Playoff, but lost the NFC Championship Game in overtime to the New Orleans Saints, missing out on what would have been their first Super Bowl since 1976.
It was their fourth season under the direction of head coach Brad Childress, and they played their home games at Mall of America Field at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome. The Vikings had ten Pro Bowlers and four All-Pros on their roster, both league-highs for the season.
Offseason.
Player and personnel moves.
Quarterback Brett Favre announced that he would not sign with the Minnesota Vikings on July 28, 2009, after much speculation that he would. However, on August 18, Favre signed a 2-year contract worth $25 million with the Vikings.
Releases and injuries.
On February 18, the team released running back Maurice Hicks.
On February 27, the team released quarterback Gus Frerotte.
On March 3, the team released linebacker Vinny Ciurciu.
On March 4, free agent center Matt Birk left the Vikings to join the Baltimore Ravens.
On March 18, free agent safety Darren Sharper left the Vikings to join the New Orleans Saints.
Signings and extensions.
On February 24, the team re-signed cornerback Charles Gordon to a 1-year $1 million contract.
On February 26, the team re-signed defensive end Jayme Mitchell to a 2-year deal.
On February 27, the Vikings traded a 2009 4th round pick to the Houston Texans for quarterback Sage Rosenfels. They then signed Rosenfels to a 2-year $9 million contract extension that will run through 2011.
On February 27, the team re-signed tight end Jim Kleinsasser to a 3-year $9 million contract.
On March 6, the team re-signed linebacker Heath Farwell to a 3-year $7.75 million contract.
On March 9, the team re-signed cornerback Benny Sapp to a 1-year contract.
On March 11, the team re-signed defensive tackle Jimmy Kennedy to a 1-year contract.
On March 19, the Vikings signed cornerback Karl Paymah and wide receiver Glenn Holt.
On March 21, cornerback Cedric Griffin signed a 3-year contract extension.
On March 27, the team matched the Bengals' offer sheet for RFA fullback Naufahu Tahi.
On March 31, the team re-signed defensive end Otis Grigsby to a 1-year deal.
On April 6, the team re-signed defensive tackle Fred Evans to a 1-year deal.
On July 24, Antoine Winfield and the Vikings agreed on a 5-year extension through the 2013 season.
On August 18, after months of negotiations, the team signed formerly retired quarterback Brett Favre.
2009 Draft.
The Vikings' top two selections, WR Percy Harvin and OT Phil Loadholt, both soon became 1st string players, while Jasper Brinkley finished the season as the team's starting MLB after E.J. Henderson suffered a broken leg in a Week 13 game against the Arizona Cardinals. Harvin was also voted the Offensive Rookie of the Year and was named as the NFC's starting kick returner for the 2010 Pro Bowl on January 31, 2010.
Preseason.
Game summaries.
Week 2: vs. Kansas City Chiefs.
Brett Favre made his Minnesota Vikings debut, going 1–4 for just four yards and no first downs converted in his two series under center; he nonetheless got a standing ovation from the sellout crowd at the Metrodome. Tavaris Jackson completed two touchdowns, a 13-yard score to Visanthe Shiancoe and a 64-yarder to Darius Reynaud.
Week 3: at Houston Texans.
Brett Favre completed 13 of 18 passes for 142 yards, including a 28-yard touchdown pass to RB Chester Taylor. Favre even got physical, laying a block (albeit an illegal one) on Texans safety Eugene Wilson.
Regular season.
As well as playing their NFC North rivals both at home and on the road, the Vikings were scheduled to face opponents from the AFC North and the NFC West. They were also handed fixtures against the Carolina Panthers from the NFC South and the New York Giants from the NFC East by virtue of having won their division in 2008. Based on their opponents' results in 2008, the Vikings had the second-easiest schedule in the league in 2009, with their opponents having won 42.0% of their games in 2008.
Game summaries.
Week 1: at Cleveland Browns.
The Vikings began their season at Cleveland Browns Stadium for a Week 1 interconference duel with the Cleveland Browns. In the first quarter, Minnesota trailed as Browns kicker Phil Dawson got a 37-yard field goal. The Vikings answered with kicker Ryan Longwell making a 21-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Minnesota took the lead as running back Adrian Peterson got a 1-yard touchdown run. Cleveland retook their lead as Dawson kicked a 20-yard field goal, along with wide receiver Joshua Cribbs returning a punt 67 yards for a touchdown.
In the third quarter, the Vikings took control as Peterson got a 1-yard touchdown run, along with quarterback Brett Favre completing a 6-yard touchdown pass to rookie wide receiver Percy Harvin. Afterwards, Minnesota put the game out of reach in the fourth quarter; Ryan Longwell nailed a 37-yard field goal, while Adrian Peterson got a 64-yard touchdown run. The Browns closed out the game with quarterback Brady Quinn completing a 26-yard touchdown pass to tight end Robert Royal.
With the win, the Vikings began their season at 1–0.
Week 2: at Detroit Lions.
Coming off their road win over the Browns, the Vikings flew to Ford Field for a Week 2 NFC North duel with the Detroit Lions. Minnesota trailed early as Lions kicker Jason Hanson got a 30-yard field goal. Detroit added to their lead in the second quarter as quarterback Matthew Stafford completed an 8-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Calvin Johnson. The Vikings ended the half with a 1-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Brett Favre to tight end Visanthe Shiancoe.
In the third quarter, Minnesota took the lead as kicker Ryan Longwell made a 46-yard field goal, followed by running back Adrian Peterson getting a 27-yard touchdown run. The Vikings pulled away as Longwell nailed a 46-yard field goal, followed by Favre completing a 3-yard touchdown pass to rookie wide receiver Percy Harvin. The Lions completed the scoring as Hanson got a 48-yard field goal.
With the win, the Vikings improved to 2–0.
Week 3: vs. San Francisco 49ers.
Coming off their divisional road win over the Lions, the Vikings played their Week 3 home opener against the San Francisco 49ers. Minnesota opened in the first quarter with quarterback Brett Favre's 30-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Sidney Rice. The Vikings added onto their lead in the second quarter with kicker Ryan Longwell's 40-yard field goal, but the 49ers answered with quarterback Shaun Hill's 5-yard touchdown pass to tight end Vernon Davis. Minnesota came back with Longwell's 52-yard field goal, but San Francisco took the lead prior to halftime as cornerback Nate Clements returned a blocked field goal 59 yards for a touchdown.
The 49ers increased their lead in the second half with kicker Joe Nedney's 37-yard field goal, but the Vikings immediately responded with rookie wide receiver Percy Harvin returning a kickoff 101 yards for a touchdown. In the fourth quarter, San Francisco got the lead again with Hill hooking up with Davis on a 20-yard touchdown pass. Afterwards, Minnesota came up with a dramatic win as Favre completed a game-winning 32-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Greg Lewis with 2 seconds remaining in the game. The pass was later awarded an ESPY for "Best Play". The game was also voted as the best game of the regular season by voters on NFL.com. 
With the win, the Vikings improved to 3–0.
Week 4: vs. Green Bay Packers.
Coming off their last-second win over the 49ers, the Vikings stayed at home, donned their throwback uniforms, and prepared for the highly anticipated Week 4 NFC North Monday Night Football duel with the Green Bay Packers. This was a key divisional match-up, as the division lead was on the line, while quarterback Brett Favre was pitted against his former team. Favre entered the stadium to a series of boos coming from Green Bay fans throughout the stadium.
Minnesota started off the first quarter with Favre completing a 1-yard touchdown pass to tight end Visanthe Shiancoe. The Packers responded with quarterback Aaron Rodgers completing a 62-yard touchdown pass to tight end Jermichael Finley. In the second quarter, the Vikings struck again with a 14-yard touchdown pass from Favre to wide receiver Sidney Rice, but Green Bay answered with linebacker Clay Matthews stripping running back Adrian Peterson of the ball and returning it 42 yards for a touchdown. The Vikings closed out the half with a 1-yard touchdown run from Peterson.
Minnesota began to build a lead in the third quarter as Favre hooked up with wide receiver Bernard Berrian on a 31-yard touchdown pass. In the fourth quarter, the Vikings solidified their lead as defensive end Jared Allen sacked Rodgers in the Green Bay endzone for a safety. The Packers rallied with a 33-yard touchdown pass from Rodgers to wide receiver Jordy Nelson (with a failed 2-point conversion), followed by kicker Mason Crosby nailing a 31-yard field goal. However, the Packers' push came too late and Minnesota was able to run out the clock for the win.
With the victory, not only did the Vikings improve to 4–0, but Favre became the first quarterback in NFL history to defeat all 32 NFL teams.
Allen had a spectacular single-game performance with a career-best 4.5 sacks. Favre was awarded the NFC Offensive Player of the Week, marking the 14th time in his career he has earned this award.
Week 5: at St. Louis Rams.
Coming off an impressive divisional home win over the Packers, the Vikings flew to the Edward Jones Dome for a Week 5 duel with the St. Louis Rams. Minnesota got off to a fast start in the first quarter as running back Adrian Peterson got a 5-yard touchdown run, followed by defensive end Jared Allen's 52-yard fumble return for a touchdown. The Rams got on the board with kicker Josh Brown making a 29-yard field goal, but the Vikings replied with kicker Ryan Longwell booting a 47-yard field goal.
Minnesota kept its dominating performance going in the third quarter as quarterback Brett Favre hooked up with tight end Visanthe Shiancoe on a 13-yard touchdown pass. In the fourth quarter, the Vikings continued to pull away as Peterson got a 7-yard touchdown run. St. Louis tried to rally with a 27-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Marc Bulger to wide receiver Donnie Avery, but Minnesota closed out the game with a 1-yard touchdown run from running back Chester Taylor.
With the win, not only did the Vikings acquire their first 5–0 start since 2003, but Favre (18/24, 232 yards, 1 TD, 1 INT) earned his first 5–0 start in his career.
Week 6: vs. Baltimore Ravens.
Coming off their easy road win over the Rams, the Vikings went home for a Week 6 inter-conference duel with the Baltimore Ravens. Minnesota got off to a fast start in the first quarter with quarterback Brett Favre completing a 19-yard touchdown pass to tight end Visanthe Shiancoe and a 4-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Bernard Berrian. Afterwards, the Ravens got the only points of the second quarter as kicker Steven Hauschka getting a 29-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, the Vikings picked up where they left off with a 40-yard field goal from kicker Ryan Longwell. Baltimore responded with a 22-yard touchdown run from running back Ray Rice, yet Longwell helped out Minnesota by nailing a 22-yard field goal. Afterwards, an action-packed fourth quarter ensued. Minnesota increased its lead with Favre hooking up with Shiancoe again on a 1-yard touchdown pass, but the Ravens continued to hang around as quarterback Joe Flacco found wide receiver Mark Clayton on a 32-yard touchdown pass. The Vikings replied with Longwell's 29-yard field goal, but Baltimore took lead for the first time in the game as Flacco hooked up with wide receiver Derrick Mason on a 12-yard touchdown pass and Rice running 33 yards for a touchdown. Minnesota then regained the lead as Longwell booted a 31-yard field goal after a 58-yard pass from quarterback Brett Favre to wide receiver Sidney Rice. The Ravens got a last-minute drive into scoring range, but Hauschka's 44-yard field goal attempt went wide left, preserving the Vikings' perfect season.
With the win, the Vikings acquired their first 6–0 start since 2003 (unfortunately that team did not make the playoffs). Also, dating back to Week 17 of the 2008 season, Minnesota has won seven-straight regular season games for the first time since 2000.
Week 7: at Pittsburgh Steelers.
Coming off their thrilling home win over the Ravens, the Vikings flew to Heinz Field for a Week 7 interconference duel with the defending Super Bowl champion Pittsburgh Steelers. Minnesota trailed late in the first quarter as Steelers kicker Jeff Reed got a 39-yard field goal, but they took the lead in the second quarter as running back Adrian Peterson got a 1-yard touchdown. However, Pittsburgh retook the lead as quarterback Ben Roethlisberger hooked up with wide receiver Mike Wallace on a 40-yard touchdown pass.
Both teams exchanged field goals in the third quarter as Reed nailed a 27-yard field goal, while Vikings kicker Ryan Longwell booted an 18-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, Minnesota began to trail big as Vikings quarterback Brett Favre was stripped by defensive end Brett Keisel, causing a 77-yard fumble return for a touchdown by linebacker LaMarr Woodley. The Vikings immediately struck back with rookie wide receiver Percy Harvin's 88-yard kickoff return for a touchdown, but the Steelers' defense answered right back with linebacker Keyaron Fox's 82-yard interception return for a touchdown. The Vikings could not come back to win. The Steelers ended up winning 27–17.
With the loss, Minnesota fell to 6–1.
Week 8: at Green Bay Packers.
Hoping to rebound from their first loss of the season to the Steelers, the Vikings flew to Lambeau Field for the highly anticipated Week 8 divisional rematch with the Green Bay Packers, as quarterback Brett Favre made his return to his former team.
In the first quarter, the Packers scored the game's first points as kicker Mason Crosby made a 37-yard field goal following a miscue by Vikings center John Sullivan (Favre audibled for another play but Sullivan snapped the ball before Favre completed his audible). Minnesota responded with a 1-yard touchdown from running back Adrian Peterson. In the second quarter, the Vikings added onto their lead as Favre completed a 12-yard touchdown pass to tight end Visanthe Shiancoe, followed by kicker Ryan Longwell (another former Packer) nailing a 41-yard field goal.
Minnesota picked up where they left off in the third quarter as Favre hooked up with rookie wide receiver Percy Harvin on a 51-yard touchdown pass, yet Green Bay started to rally as Crosby booted a 26-yard field goal, followed by quarterback Aaron Rodgers finding tight end Spencer Havner on a 16-yard and a 5-yard touchdown pass. The Vikings answered in the fourth quarter with Favre connecting with tight end/fullback Jeff Dugan on a 2-yard touchdown pass. The Packers tried to come back as Rodgers completed a 10-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Greg Jennings (with a failed 2-point conversion), but Minnesota pulled away with Favre finding wide receiver Bernard Berrian on a 16-yard touchdown pass.
With their first season-sweep of the Packers in four years, the Vikings went into their bye week at 7–1, and took a commanding two and a half game lead in the NFC North over the second-place Packers. Favre threw at least 4 touchdowns for the 21st time in his career, matching the NFL record held by Dan Marino. This also marks Vikings head coach Brad Childress' first win at Green Bay (he is 3–5 overall against the Packers). Also, the Vikings swept the Packers for the first time since 2005.
Week 9: Bye week.
During the Vikings' bye week, both Green Bay and Chicago lost their games (to Tampa Bay 38–28 and Arizona 41–21 respectively), allowing the Vikings to gain a three-game lead in the division standings and moving them a step closer to qualification for the playoffs and first round bye.
Week 10: vs. Detroit Lions.
Coming off their bye week, the Vikings were at home and met in an NFC North duel with the Detroit Lions, who hadn't won in the Metrodome since 1997. In the first quarter, the Vikings scored the period's only points as kicker Ryan Longwell nailed a 22-yard field goal. They increased their lead in the second quarter as running back Adrian Peterson scored on a 22-yard TD run. However, Lions kicker Jason Hanson kicked a 38-yard field goal late in the quarter. At the beginning of the second half, a fumble by the Lions on their first play from scrimmage was recovered at their 29-yard line by the Vikings. Peterson ran twice on the ensuing drive, scoring on a 1-yard TD run to make it a 17–3 lead. The Lions responded with a 15-play, 84-yard drive, capped off by an 8-yard TD pass from Lions QB Matthew Stafford to TE Will Heller. Nevertheless, the Vikings pulled away in the fourth quarter as Favre completed an 8-yard pass to TE Jeff Dugan and kicker Ryan Longwell nailed a 35-yard field goal.
With the win, the Vikings moved to 8–1, and compiled a 4–0 record against their NFC North rivals. The Vikings accrued nearly 500 yards of total offense, including 303 yards in the first half alone. The Vikings also had 13 penalties, a season-high. Wide receiver Sidney Rice had a big day, catching seven passes for 201 yards, including a 56-yard reception in the opening seconds of the fourth quarter. Rice was named NFC Offensive Player of the Week for Week 10, the first time he has received this award. Favre and Peterson were voted Fedex Air and Ground Players of the Week.
Week 11: vs. Seattle Seahawks.
Coming off their penalty-plagued blowout win over the Lions, the Vikings stayed at home and met in a Week 11 duel with the Seattle Seahawks. After a scoreless first quarter, the Vikings got on the board with QB Brett Favre completing a 23-yard TD pass to wide receiver Percy Harvin. Later in the same quarter, the Vikings increased their lead with an 8-yard TD pass from Favre to tight end Visanthe Shiancoe. Closing out the first half was a 3-yard TD pass from Favre to wide receiver Bernard Berrian to make a 21–0 Vikings halftime lead, the first time of the season the Vikings kept their opponent scoreless in the first half. In the third quarter, the Vikings continued to dominate as Favre found wide receiver Sidney Rice on a 7-yard TD pass. Seattle scored their first points of the game when kicker Olindo Mare nailed a 40-yard field goal. Finally, the Vikings put the game away as second-string QB Tarvaris Jackson found Rice again on a 34-yard TD pass. The Seahawks tried to rally with a 1-yard TD run by running back Justin Forsett (with a failed 2-point conversion), but the Vikings prevented the Seahawks comeback from advancing any further.
With the win, the Vikings improved to 9–1. Brett Favre threw 4 TD passes for the 22nd time in his career (second of the season), breaking the mark set by Dan Marino.
Week 12: vs. Chicago Bears.
Coming off their easy win over the Seahawks, the Vikings stayed at home, donned their throwback uniforms, and faced the Chicago Bears in a Week 12 duel. After a scoreless first quarter, the Vikings drew first blood as quarterback Brett Favre completed a 15-yard TD pass to rookie wide receiver Percy Harvin. The Bears responded with QB Jay Cutler firing a 24-yard TD pass to WR Johnny Knox. The Vikings responded with Favre hooking up with running back Chester Taylor on a 10-yard TD pass, along with kicker Ryan Longwell nailing a 52-yard field goal. Finally, the Vikings closed out the first half with Favre finding tight end Visanthe Shiancoe on a 6-yard TD pass. In the third quarter, the Bears tried to rally with kicker Robbie Gould nailing a 38-yard field goal. However, the Vikings finally shut out the Bears for the rest of the second half, and kicker Ryan Longwell made field goals of 37 and 20 yards. Running back Adrian Peterson also had a 5-yard TD run (with a missed extra point attempt).
With the win, the Vikings improved to 10–1, and compiled a 5–0 record against their NFC North rivals. Their "magic number" decreased to two, meaning that any combination of two Vikings wins or Packers losses would result in the Vikings clinching their second consecutive NFC North division title. On Wednesday December 2, the NFL honored Brett Favre with the NFC Offensive Player of the Month for November. It was the sixth time in his career that he won the award.
Week 13: at Arizona Cardinals.
Coming off their easy home win over the Bears, the Vikings flew to the desert for a Week 13 Sunday Night duel with the defending NFC champion Arizona Cardinals. In the first quarter, Minnesota got on the board with quarterback Brett Favre completing a 3-yard TD pass to tight end Visanthe Shiancoe. It was originally ruled an incomplete pass as Shiancoe stepped out of bounds, but Minnesota challenged and won based on the fact that Shiancoe had both feet in bounds and the referee counted Shiancoe's third step, thereby making the original ruling on the field to be overturned. The Cardinals then responded with quarterback Kurt Warner finding wide receiver Anquan Boldin on a 2-yard TD pass.
In the second quarter, Arizona took the lead with Warner finding Boldin again on a 39-yard TD pass. The Vikings responded with kicker Ryan Longwell nailing a 25-yard field goal. However, the Cardinals took the lead at halftime when Warner completed a 34-yard TD pass to wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald. In the third quarter, Arizona increased their lead when kicker Neil Rackers kicked field goals of 31 and 30 yards. In the fourth quarter, Arizona kicker Neil Rackers nailed a 29-yard field goal. However, the Vikings tried to rally with Favre hooking up with rookie wide receiver Percy Harvin on a 31-yard TD pass. The Vikings tried an onside kick, which they did not recover and Arizona ran out the clock to seal their win.
With only their second loss of the season, the Vikings not only fell to 10–2, but they lost starting linebacker E.J. Henderson to a season-ending broken leg.
Week 14: vs. Cincinnati Bengals.
Hoping to rebound from their devastating Sunday Night loss to the Cardinals, the Vikings went home and met the Cincinnati Bengals in a Week 14 duel. After a scoreless first quarter, Minnesota took first blood as kicker Ryan Longwell nailed a 41-yard field goal. They increased their lead later in the quarter with quarterback Brett Favre finding wide receiver Sidney Rice on a 9-yard TD pass. Cincinnati responded with quarterback Carson Palmer finding wide receiver Chad Ochocinco on a 15-yard TD pass, however the Vikings quickly scored two field goals by kicker Ryan Longwell (from 23 and 44 yards out) to put the Vikings up 16–7 at halftime. In the third quarter, the Vikings scored the period's only points as running back Adrian Peterson got a 1-yard TD run. In the fourth quarter, Cincinnati tried to rally with kicker Shayne Graham nailing a 22-yard field goal, but the Vikings put the game away with running back Adrian Peterson's 3-yard TD run.
With the win, the Vikings not only improved to 11–2 on the season, they also secured a playoff berth for the second consecutive season and improved upon the record from the previous season (10–6). Their "magic number" decreased to one, meaning that either a Green Bay loss at Pittsburgh or a Vikings win against Carolina on Sunday night would make Minnesota repeat division champions for the first time since 1978, when they won six consecutive NFC Central titles. Also, if the Eagles lost against San Francisco, the Vikings would also clinch a first-round bye in the NFC playoffs.
Week 15: at Carolina Panthers.
Coming off their home win over the Bengals, the Vikings flew to Bank of America Stadium to face the Carolina Panthers in a Week 15 Sunday Night duel. The Vikings clinched the NFC North about an hour before the game thanks in part to Pittsburgh's 37–36 last-second win over the Packers. With a win, the Vikings would be one game behind New Orleans to clinch homefield advantage. After a scoreless first quarter, Carolina got on the board with quarterback Matt Moore finding fullback Brad Hoover on a 1-yard TD pass. The extra point attempt was blocked, however. The Vikings then took the lead later in the quarter with running back Adrian Peterson's 4-yard TD run. After yet another scoreless quarter, it was all Carolina as Matt Moore completed a 42-yard TD pass to wide receiver Steve Smith, as well as running back Jonathan Stewart running in a 3-yard TD, as well as catching a 2-yard TD pass from Moore.
With the loss, the Vikings fell to 11–3. Reports surfaced after the game suggesting that there was tension between Vikings quarterback Brett Favre and head coach Brad Childress. The incident was later resolved.
Week 16: at Chicago Bears.
Hoping to rebound from their fourth-quarter collapse to the Panthers, the Vikings flew to Soldier Field to face Jay Cutler and the Chicago Bears in a Week 16 rematch to conclude the 40th season of Monday Night Football. Due to the Saints losing to Tampa Bay 20–17 in overtime the previous day, the Vikings needed to win their last two games and have the Saints lose to Carolina the next week in order to clinch homefield advantage. In the first quarter, the Bears drew first blood as kicker Robbie Gould nailed a 22-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Bears increased their lead with Gould nailing a 42-yard field goal. They increased their lead with Cutler firing a 7-yard TD pass to tight end Greg Olsen. The Bears then closed out the first half with Gould's 41-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, the Vikes started to rally with running back Adrian Peterson's 1-yard touchdown run (with the extra point attempt blocked). The Bears increased their lead over the Vikings with Cutler's 2-yard TD pass to tight end Desmond Clark. The Vikings then closed out the quarter with quarterback Brett Favre firing a 6-yard TD pass to tight end Visanthe Shiancoe. An exciting fourth quarter ensued. The Vikings started out the quarter's scoring with kicker Ryan Longwell's 41-yard field goal, along with Adrian Peterson's second 1-yard TD run. The Bears then responded with Cutler firing a 20-yard TD pass to wide receiver Earl Bennett. The Vikings then completed the remarkable comeback with Favre finding wide receiver Sidney Rice on a 6-yard TD pass on 4th-and-goal with 15 seconds left in regulation. The Bears then took a knee to force overtime. In overtime, the Bears won the toss and marched down the field, stopping at the 35-yard line. However, the potential game-winning 45-yard field goal attempt by Gould went wide right, giving the Vikings a chance to win. After an exchange of punts, the Vikings had the ball at the 26-yard line with 11 minutes left in the period. On the first play of scrimmage, Favre fired a screen pass to Peterson who caught it and went 16 yards, before being confronted by Hunter Hillenmeyer, who caused Peterson to fumble the ball, which was then recovered by Bears' linebacker Nick Roach. The Bears then won on Jay Cutler's game-winning 39-yard TD pass to wide receiver Devin Aromashodu.
With the loss, not only did the Vikings fall to 11–4, they also surrendered homefield advantage to the Saints.
Week 17: vs. New York Giants.
Hoping to break a two-game primetime losing skid, the Vikings went home to Mall of America Field for the Week 17 season finale against the New York Giants. The Vikings needed a win and an Eagles loss to Dallas later in the day in order to clinch a first-round bye in the playoffs. They also came into the game hoping to go 8–0 at home for the first time since the 15–1 season of 1998. The Vikings drew first blood in the first quarter with quarterback Brett Favre finding tight end Visanthe Shiancoe (a former Giant) on a 10-yard TD pass for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Vikings increased their lead with kicker Ryan Longwell's 41-yard field goal. Later in the quarter, it was all touchdowns as Adrian Peterson scored from one yard out, as well as Favre firing two touchdown passes to wide receiver Sidney Rice from 4 and 12 yards out. The 31–0 halftime lead was the second time of the season that the Vikes shut out their opponent in the first half, as well as tying a franchise record for the largest halftime lead. In the third quarter, the Vikings continued to destroy the Giants with Favre's 1-yard TD pass to fullback Naufahu Tahi on 4th-and-goal, along with kicker Ryan Longwell's field goals of 24 and 27 yards. The Giants only mustered a 1-yard TD run in the fourth quarter by running back Danny Ware.
With the win, the Vikings improved to 12–4, the franchise's best record since the 15–1 1998 campaign. With Dallas beating Philadelphia 24–0 later in the day, the Vikings clinched a first-round bye. Brett Favre threw at least four TD passes for the third time this season, as well as being honored with his third NFC Offensive Player of the Week award. The three awards are the most he has received in one season in his 19-year NFL career.
Postseason.
Game summaries.
NFC Wildcard Round: Bye week.
As the NFC second-seed, the Minnesota Vikings received a bye to the Divisional Round.
NFC Divisional Round: vs. Dallas Cowboys.
This game began while many TV show hosts and sports analysts were convinced that a red-hot Dallas team was going to end the Vikings' explosive season with Brett Favre. Romo had been throwing more accurately than ever, and because the Vikings had a week off, even their own fans were feeling the pressure of facing a tough Dallas team.
Entering the playoffs as the NFC's No. 2 seed, the Vikings began their playoff run at home in the NFC Divisional Round against the No. 3 Dallas Cowboys. Minnesota delivered the opening strike in the first quarter as quarterback Brett Favre found wide receiver Sidney Rice on a 47-yard touchdown pass. The Cowboys got on the board in the second quarter with a 33-yard field goal from kicker Shaun Suisham, yet the Vikings came right back with Favre hooking up with Rice again on a 16-yard touchdown pass, followed by a 23-yard field goal from kicker Ryan Longwell. After a scoreless third quarter, Minnesota delivered the final strike in the fourth quarter as Longwell nailed a 28-yard field goal, followed by Favre's 45-yard touchdown pass to Rice and his 11-yard touchdown pass to tight end Visanthe Shiancoe.
With the win, the Vikings advanced to their ninth NFC Championship Game in team history, and their first appearance since the 2000 season with a 13–4 record. Brett Favre became the oldest player to start and win a playoff game, but also won his first postseason game in four against Dallas.
NFC Championship Game: at New Orleans Saints.
Coming off their dominant divisional home win over the Cowboys, the Vikings flew to the Louisiana Superdome for the NFC Championship Game against the top-seeded New Orleans Saints. Minnesota delivered the opening strike in the first quarter with running back Adrian Peterson's 19-yard touchdown run. The Saints answered with quarterback Drew Brees completing a 38-yard touchdown pass to running back Pierre Thomas, yet the Vikings regained the lead as quarterback Brett Favre found wide receiver Sidney Rice on a 5-yard touchdown pass. In the second quarter, New Orleans tied the game again on Brees' 9-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Devery Henderson.
The Saints took the lead in the third quarter with Thomas' 9-yard touchdown run, yet Minnesota tied the game as Peterson got a 1-yard touchdown run. In the fourth quarter, New Orleans got the lead again as Brees hooked up with running back Reggie Bush on a 5-yard touchdown pass, yet the Vikings tied the game again with Peterson's 2-yard touchdown run. After stopping the Saints offense the Vikings got the ball back and were close to field goal range in the final 30 seconds when they were flagged for too many men on the field; on the next play Favre rolled to the right as a hole opened up, but instead of running forward he threw the ball deep across his body and it was picked off by the Saints, forcing overtime.
In overtime, New Orleans drove down field and Minnesota fell as Saints kicker Garrett Hartley nailed the game-ending 40-yard field goal.
With the loss, the Vikings' season ended with an overall record of 13–5. Doomed by turnovers – the Vikings had an uncanny six fumbles, three of which they lost, plus two interceptions by Brett Favre – the Vikes lost another NFC Championship Game in overtime, this one reminiscent of the 1998–99 loss to the Falcons in the Metrodome. The Saints' performance in the game, and leading into it, would later be subject to investigation, as it was eventually revealed that the Saints had been involved in a bounty program beginning in the 2009 season.
Pro Bowl.
Eight Minnesota Vikings players were originally selected for the 2010 Pro Bowl: five on offense (Brett Favre, Adrian Peterson, Sidney Rice, Bryant McKinnie and Steve Hutchinson), two on defense (Jared Allen and Kevin Williams) and one special teamer (Heath Farwell). Of these, six were selected to start the game, with Favre and Rice going as reserves. However, as Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver DeSean Jackson was voted as a starter at both wide receiver and kickoff returner, a replacement had to be selected at KR; Percy Harvin was added to the roster on January 4, 2010, making it nine Vikings in the NFC roster. Antoine Winfield was added to the NFC roster as an extra cornerback on January 19, 2010, bringing the Vikings' contribution to the roster to 10 players.
Had the Vikings reached Super Bowl XLIV, none of their players would have appeared in the 2010 Pro Bowl, but they lost to the New Orleans Saints in the NFC Championship Game. Nevertheless, QB Brett Favre (ankle), CB Antoine Winfield (foot) and KR Percy Harvin (migraine headaches) all pulled out as a result of their various ailments. OT Bryant McKinnie was cut from the NFC roster on January 30 after missing four of the five practice sessions and attending only one team meeting; he claimed, via text message to the Star Tribune, that his absence was due to a lack of physical fitness. McKinnie was not replaced in the roster and was also fined his game check.

</doc>
<doc id="20870438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870438" title="Veijo Baltzar">
Veijo Baltzar

Veijo Oskari Baltzar is a Finnish Romani author. Since his first novel "Polttava tie" (Burning road) in 1968 he has been Finland’s leading Romani author. "Polttava tie" was the first novel in Finland in which a member of the community approached the hidden world of Romani culture. Since then Baltzar has discussed the Romani culture and its relationship with the majority culture in several novels, plays, poems, short stories, librettos, articles, radio plays and movie manuscripts.
Besides being a writer, Baltzar has also been active as a theatre director and as a playwright. His short movie "Punainen puutarha" (the Red Garden) was awarded in "Dublin" in 1980. He founded the first and only Roma theatre group in Finland in 1976, Drom. In 1981, Drom won the Theatre Action of the Year prize. At the beginning of the eighties Baltzar worked as a teacher in the Theatre Academy of Finland. In that position he was able to make Roma theatre known by showing how diverse and rich the tradition of the Roma is. Drom performed all around Finland for ten years.
Baltzar has written and directed about ten tragedies, in addition to poetic plays and musicals for the group. After a period when he wrote novels again, Baltzar returned to theatre in 1992, and he has since then continued to write plays and to direct. The author also actively makes visual arts. He is currently president of International Romani Writers' Association.
Baltzar’s latest novel "In love and war" appeared in 2008. The novel tells a tragic story of Romani people in the Second World War – the forgotten genocide.
Works.
Novels by Veijo Baltzar (names in Finnish, Tammi publishers):

</doc>
<doc id="20870442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870442" title="Ottawa Fencing Club">
Ottawa Fencing Club

Ottawa Fencing Club is a club for the sport of fencing in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. It consists of affiliate clubs such as EXO Fencing and RA Fencing Club. Ottawa Fencing has produced over 18 Olympic competitors. Ottawa Fencing and its affiliate clubs have had representatives at the Olympics since 1976. At the 2006 Commonwealth fencing championships Games in Belfast, Marc-André Leblanc of the Ottawa Fencing Club was a member of the winning Canadian men's épée team. Ottawa Fencing Club serves both beginners and experienced fencers. 

</doc>
<doc id="20870456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870456" title="Morne Diablotin National Park">
Morne Diablotin National Park

Morne Diablotin National Park is a national park in the northern mountain ranges of Dominica, an island nation in the Caribbean. The park comprises 8,242 acres, amounting to 4.4% of the nation's area. It was established in January 2000, primarily to protect the habitat of the endangered Sisserou Parrot, an endemic bird species that is a national symbol of Dominica.
The park is home to 1,447-meter high Morne Diablotin, the tallest mountain on the island and the second highest mountain in the Lesser Antilles.
During the 18th century, the land was home to at least six different encampments of escaped slaves. Dr. John Imray, a Scottish physician, completed the first recorded scaling of Morne Diablotin in 1867. Today, the park is home to 18 different avian species.

</doc>
<doc id="20870464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870464" title="Antonio Imerti">
Antonio Imerti

Antonio Imerti (Villa San Giovanni, August 22, 1946), also known as ""Nanu feroce"" (""fierce dwarf""), is an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta, the Calabrian mafia. He was born in Villa San Giovanni and controlled the Fiumara di Muro neighbourhood in Reggio Calabria.
He was one of the protagonists in the Second 'Ndrangheta war which raged from 1985-1991 between the Condello-Imerti clan and the De Stefano-Tegano clan, which left 621 deaths. His marriage in 1983 with Giuseppina Condello – the sister of the Condello brothers, underbosses of Paolo De Stefano – triggered the conflict. The De Stefano clan feared the new alliance might challenge their power base. The conflict exploded in 1985, two years after the marriage and saw practically all the 'ndrine in the city of Reggio Calabria grouped into either one of two opposing factions.
The war started with a failed bomb attack on Antonio Imerti on October 11, 1985, which left three of his bodyguards dead. Two days later, his rival Paolo De Stefano was killed and suspicion fell on Imerti as the one who ordered the killing.
Imerti escaped a second bomb attack on July 7, 1986, and subsequently became a fugitive. He was arrested on March 23, 1993, in Reggio Calabria, together with his brother-in-law Pasquale Condello. Newspaper reports mentioned that Condello might have surpassed his former boss – and there had been speculation that Condello might have killed Imerti when they both were still fugitives. However, although the speculation proved to be false, Imerti’s power had declined because of his opposition to a 'pax mafiosa' to end the war between the opposing clans in Reggio Calabria.

</doc>
<doc id="20870465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870465" title="List of NFL 1,000-yard rushing duos">
List of NFL 1,000-yard rushing duos

In American football, running (also referred to as rushing) is, along with passing, one of the two main methods of advancing the ball down the field. A running play generally occurs when the quarterback hands or tosses the ball backwards to the running back, but other players, such as the quarterback, can run with the ball. In the National Football League (NFL), there have been six pairs of teammates that have each recorded 1,000 rushing yards in the same season. Five of these duos consisted of running backs, and a sixth consisted of a running back and a quarterback.
The first 1,000-yard duo consisted of fullback Larry Csonka and halfback Mercury Morris. Csonka and Morris accomplished the feat as members of the Miami Dolphins during their 1972 season, when the team finished undefeated and won the Super Bowl. Morris finished with an even 1,000 yards; he had initially been credited with only 991 yards after the end of the regular season, due to a statician's error that incorrectly removed nine yards from his total. The second 1,000-yard tandem occurred four years later in 1976, when fullback Franco Harris and halfback Rocky Bleier both surpassed 1,000 yards playing for the Pittsburgh Steelers. Fullback Kevin Mack and halfback Earnest Byner became the third 1,000-yard duo, accomplishing the feat during the 1985 Cleveland Browns season.
In 2006, halfback Warrick Dunn and quarterback Michael Vick became the fourth duo with 1,000 rushing yards in the same season. Vick also became the first quarterback to rush for over 1,000 yards in a single season, while Dunn's 1,140 yards are the most by any player in a 1,000-yard duo. Brandon Jacobs and Derrick Ward of the New York Giants were the fifth duo to accomplish the feat, doing so in 2008. DeAngelo Williams and Jonathan Stewart of the Carolina Panthers are the most recent players to have accomplished the feat, having done so in 2009. In addition to being the sixth 1,000-yard backfield tandem, the two are also the only 1,100-yard rushing duo.
Near misses.
Eight NFL teams have narrowly missed having multiple 1000-yard rushers by having two players rush for at least 900 yards. After having two 1000-yard rushers in 1972, the 1973 Miami Dolphins came close to repeating the feat. Csonka finished the regular season with 1003 yards, but a late-season neck injury caused Morris to end the regular season with 954 yards. The Dolphins repeated as Super Bowl champions, and in three postseason games Csonka added 333 rushing yards and Morris added 226.
The 1973 Cincinnati Bengals came even closer than the 1974 Dolphins to having two 1000-yard rushers. Halfback Essex Johnson finished the regular season with 997 yards, missing 1000 by three. Fullback Boobie Clark finished the regular season with 988 yards, missing 1000 by 12. So, although the Bengals did not have a 1000-yard rusher during the regular season, they missed out by 15 yards of having two. The Bengals made the playoffs but lost their opening-round playoff game to the Dolphins. Clark rushed for 40 yards in that game and Johnson rushed for 17. So, including the postseason, the 1973 Bengals, as well as the 1973 Dolphins, had two 1000-yard rushers.
The 1978 Chicago Bears came even closer than the 1973 Bengals to having two 1000-yard rushers. Walter Payton had 1395 rushing yards and fullback Roland Harper had 992, missing 1000 yards by 8. The Bears missed the playoffs that season.
In 1980, the Atlanta Falcons had two 900-yard rushers. William Andrews had 1308 rushing yards during the regular season and Lynn Cain added 914. In the playoffs that season, both players added 43 rushing yards. The 1988 American Football Conference champion Cincinnati Bengals also had two 900-yard rushers. Fullback Ickey Woods had 1066 in the regular season and halfback James Brooks had 931. In three postseason games that season, Woods added 307 yards and Brooks added 102, so including postseason, the 1988 Cincinnati Bengals had two 1000-yard rushers.
The Atlanta Falcons once again had multiple 900-yard rushers in 2004. Dunn had 1106 rushing yards and Vick had 902. Since both exceeded 1000 rushing yards in 2006, Dunn and Vick are, along with Csonka and Morris from the 1972–1973 Dolphins, the only teammates to rush for more than 900 yards in the same season twice. In two postseason games following the 2004 season, Dunn rushed for 201 yards and Vick rushed for 145 yards. So this is another team with two 1000-yard rushers when postseason rushing yards are included.
The 2005 Denver Broncos are another team that had two players with over 900 regular-season rushing yards. Mike Anderson posted 1014 regular-season rushing yards and Tatum Bell posted 921. In two postseason games that season, Anderson rushed for 105 yards and Bell for 39 yards. In 2006, not only did the Atlanta Falcons have two 1000-yard rushers, but the Jacksonville Jaguars had two 900-yard rushers. Fred Taylor rushed for 1146 yards and Maurice Jones-Drew rushed for 941. This makes 2006 one of the two seasons, along with 1973, in which two teams had multiple 900-yard rushers. The Jaguars did not make the playoffs in 2006. 
In 2011, the Houston Texans had two 900 yard rushers. Arian Foster had 1224 yards while rookie Ben Tate gained 942 yards In two playoff games, Foster rushed for 285 yards while Tate rushed for 37.

</doc>
<doc id="20870489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870489" title="La Grande Vie (novella)">
La Grande Vie (novella)

La Grande Vie suivi de Peuple du ciel is the title of two novellas
La Grande Vie.
This novella was also published in a collection of Le Clézio's short stories entitled "La ronde et autres faits divers (The Round & Other Cold Hard Facts)".This novella "La Grande Vie" is about two girls, Christelle and Christèle. Because of their resemblance to each other, people around them believe them to be twins and give them the names Poucy and Thumb. They live with their adoptive mother, "maman Janine", in north of France.
These girls have been joined like two fingers on one hand since they were children. In due course, they begin to find out that each day of their lives resembles a day they have lived in the past and maybe even a day to be lived sometime in the future.
One day in summer, they decided that the time was right to take control of their dreams. Using their savings and using a little bit of money given to them they bought a ticket down south to Monaco.
Arriving in Monte Carlo after such a long journey (it never seemed to end ) they treat themselves to a luxury holiday. They made the stop-over to Italy when their finances were nearly fully depleted and there they stole things, principally food, and there they slept on the beach.
In a cool night, always in the same summer, the feeling of distress evolved in the heart of Poucy, it does more emotions and decided it was time to leave home.While Thumb was sick, she met a young man who comforted and gave him the strength to follow in Poucy the return trip.
When they arrived at a gas station, they prièrent a driver of lorries to take them with him; he finally accepted. After some time, the truck arrived at the border between France and Italy; the police stopped him and took the papers from the driver and passengers.
Apparently, the flight Pouce and Poucy made was not passed unnoticed and both of them were imprisoned.
Peuple du ciel.
Peuple du ciel is also in the short story collection Mondo et autres histoires
Given by La grand vie 1996
Publication history.
Second French Edition.
Re-Print Gallimard Jeunesse in the year 2002 .Second Reprint 2008 (Catalogued as "Band 1201 Collection Folio junior" and also as "Band 1201 Folio junior")

</doc>
<doc id="20870491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870491" title="Gillfield Baptist Church (Petersburg, Virginia)">
Gillfield Baptist Church (Petersburg, Virginia)

Gillfield Baptist Church is the second-oldest black Baptist congregation in Petersburg, Virginia and one of the oldest in the nation. It has the oldest handwritten record book of any black church. It was organized in 1797 as a separate, integrated congregation. In 1818 it built its first church at its current lot on Perry Street.
In 1957 its ninth pastor the Rev. Wyatt Tee Walker (1953-1959), co-founded the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, led the congregation in the Civil Rights Movement in Petersburg. It continues to serve the community today.
History.
The church originated in Prince Edward County, Virginia, in 1786, as the Davenport Church. In 1797, it was recognized as a separate institution with an integrated congregation which also included slave and free members.
In 1800, the black majority of Davenport Church moved to Pocahontas Island, the center of the growing free black community of Petersburg. It took the name of Sandy Beach Baptist Church.
In 1818, the church members purchased a lot on Perry Street in the Gillfield neighborhood of central Petersburg (named for Revolutionary veteran Erasmus Gill who laid out the streets before 1798). They built the first of what would be four successive church buildings at this site. The current church was constructed from 1874-1879.
These were the earliest decades of the Baptist Church in Virginia, influenced by preachers from New England who generated revivals. As more churches were started, members came together in an association in the southeast. In 1781 it split into two parts along state lines for Virginia and North Carolina. The twenty-one congregations in Virginia formed the Portsmouth Baptist Association. Representatives worked together to form church policy. From 1810 to 1828 they began to work on Foreign Missions and Christian Education.
Admitted to the Portsmouth Baptist Association in 1810, Gillfield Baptist then had 270 members. Free blacks continued to migrate to Petersburg. By 1821 Gillfield Baptist had the largest congregation within the association. At 441 members, it was more than twice as large as the next ranking church. While it had free blacks taking active roles, the church was led by white pastors in some of its early years. In addition, through the regional Baptist associations, whites tried to keep control over black congregations. They also began to restrict activities by black members.
In 1829 the Portsmouth Baptist Association tried to force the congregation of Gillfield Baptist into a consolidation with the white congregation of Market Street Church. It was another way for whites to try to exert control over a congregation. The Gillfield members resisted and stayed at their own church. But, that year they did have to accede to having members of Market Street Church represent them in Portsmouth Association meetings, a situation that lasted until after the American Civil War and emancipation. For years before this, they had been represented by free blacks such as Israel Decoudry, of West Indian descent. In 1838 the Gillfield congregation made another appeal to the Portsmouth Association to select their own delegate, but they were refused. After Nat Turner's slave rebellion of 1831, the state legislature passed a bill requiring that every congregation have a white minister leading it, to try to control the message which congregations would hear. They wanted preachers to stress the duty of blacks to stay in their places.
Minutes of church and association meetings show they struggled with issues of Christianity within a slave society. The pressures and narrow edge kept by black congregations can be demonstrated by the fact that Gillfield Baptist dismissed more than one enslaved member for running away. They upheld an ideal of duty over the person's desire to be free.
After the Civil War, in 1865 the congregation called Reverend Henry Williams (1831-1900) as the first black minister of Gillfield Baptist Church since 1831. He served as the pastor from 1865-1900, leading the congregation through major changes during and after the Reconstruction era. The church left the Portsmouth Association and joined a state black Baptist convention, aided by the Consolidated American Baptist Convention, to escape the supervision of whites. This was the forerunner of the National Baptist Convention, USA.
Like many ministers, Williams was a leader in the larger community as well. He was elected to the City Council of Petersburg during Reconstruction. A leading advocate of black teachers for black students, Williams encouraged students in teaching careers. He was politically active into the 1880s.
The current historic church was constructed in 1874-1879 at 209 Perry Street.
20th century.
From 1953-1959, Rev. Wyatt Tee Walker led Gillfield Baptist Church. A confidant of Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr., whom he had met when they were both in divinity school, Walker led efforts in Petersburg to end racial segregation. With King, he was a co-founder of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC). Gillfield Baptist was used for mass meetings to educate people and to prepare for demonstrations. Walker was arrested numerous times in the civil rights struggle, the first when he led a group from the church into the "white" public library. He also founded the Petersburg Improvement Association (PIA), a group modeled on the Montgomery Improvement Association (MIA) in Alabama, which developed strategy and tactics for the local Civil Rights Movement. By May 1960 the PIA had 3,000 members from the Petersburg area.
Walker left Gillfield Baptist to become executive director of the SCLC in Atlanta, Georgia from 1960-1964. These were years when he helped it develop effective strategy and national prominence in civil rights actions, including the Birmingham campaign and the March on Washington.
In 1970, Gillfield Baptist Church made history again when the church ordained seven women as deacons; among them were Dr.Louise J. Thompson, Martha E. Moorefield, Thelma Mitchell, and Lula Allgood, under the auspices of its tenth Pastor Grady W. Powell, Sr.. Powell led the congregation from 1961 until his retirement in 1997. An active congregation keeps Gillfield Baptist Church at the center of community life in Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20870492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870492" title="Grou-Jirnsum railway station">
Grou-Jirnsum railway station

Grou-Jirnsum is a railway station located between Grou and Jirnsum, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 1 September 1868 and is located on the Arnhem–Leeuwarden railway. The train service is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Destinations.
The following major destinations are possible from Grou-Jirnsum:
Leeuwarden, Heerenveen, Zwolle, Almere, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and The Hague.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Grou-Jirnsum:

</doc>
<doc id="20870503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870503" title="Arboretum de Tournay">
Arboretum de Tournay

The Arboretum de Tournay (9 hectares) is an arboretum located in Tournay, Hautes-Pyrénées, Midi-Pyrénées, France. It is managed by the "Office National des Forêts" and open daily without charge.
The arboretum was established in 1992, following a proposal by M. Patrick Pierquet, on woodlands that had been reforested in 1958 after a fire. The arboretum contained 70 species at inception, which collection has now grown to 170 species including "Acer griseum", "Cornus florida rubra", "Fagus sylvatica", "Ginko biloba", "Magnolia macrophylla", "Pyrus salicifolia", "Torreya nucifera", and "Ulmus parvifolia"

</doc>
<doc id="20870513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870513" title="Seibu-Tachikawa Station">
Seibu-Tachikawa Station

Lines.
Seibu-Tachikawa Station is served by the Seibu Haijima Line.
History.
Seibu-Tachikawa Station opened on 5 May 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20870515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870515" title="Charles Mayo (cricketer)">
Charles Mayo (cricketer)

Charles Thomas Worsfold Mayo, born at Victoria, British Columbia, Canada on February 5, 1903 and died near Alexandria, Egypt on April 10, 1943, was a cricketer who played six first-class matches for Somerset in 1928.
Educated at Eton College, where he was in the cricket team alongside Gubby Allen, Mayo was a right-handed batsman who featured in the Somerset middle order in six matches in the early part of the 1928 season. He made 35 and 60, his highest score, in his first match against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge. And in the next game, against Warwickshire at Edgbaston, he made 48. But he was not successful in his other games and did not appear in first-class cricket again. 
He was killed during the North African campaign in the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="20870523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870523" title="Frederick John Harris">
Frederick John Harris

Frederick John Harris (4 July 1937-1 April 1965) (known as John Harris) was a member of the anti-apartheid African Resistance Movement (ARM). On 24 July 1964, Harris telephoned to inform the Johannesburg Railway Police that a bomb had been planted on a whites-only platform of Johannesburg Railway Station. The bomb later exploded, killing a 77-year-old woman and injuring 23 others. Harris, a school teacher, was convicted of murder, and hanged on 1 April 1965. He was represented at trial by David Soggot, who later became one of South Africa's most prominent civil rights lawyers. At his cremation, 15-year-old Peter Hain (whose family had been friendly with Harris) stood and recited Ecclesiastes 3:3: ‘A time to kill and a time to heal; a time to break down and a time to build up". Peter Hain later became active in anti-apartheid resistance while in exile in London, and a primary proponent of sanctions to end apartheid. He later stood for a political seat in Britain and never returned to live in South Africa.
Harris was the only white person executed for crimes committed in resistance to apartheid.

</doc>
<doc id="20870552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870552" title="Gruenenfelder">
Gruenenfelder

Gruenenfelder is a rare last name that originated in Germany. Though the vast majority of people with the name reside in Germany or Switzerland, there are some members of the Gruenenfelder family that live in other countries, primarily in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20870553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870553" title="Railway Executive Committee">
Railway Executive Committee

The Railway Executive Committee (REC) was a government body which controlled the operation of Britain's railways during World War I and World War II. It should not be confused with the Railway Executive which was a division of the British Transport Commission.
In both cases, this period of government control was followed by a major re-organisation of the railways.
World War I.
REC control lasted from 1914 to 1921. It was followed by the Railways Act 1921 which led to the creation of the Big Four British railway companies in 1923. Herbert Ashcombe Walker was acting chairman of the REC in January 1917.
World War II.
REC control lasted from 1939 until the railways were nationalised in 1948. Ralph Wedgwood was chairman of the REC from September 1939 to August 1941.
Publicity.
Some of the cartoons of Carl Giles were reprinted in poster form for World War II Railway Executive Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20870587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870587" title="List of Nevada Civil War units">
List of Nevada Civil War units

List of Nevada Civil War units 
Before statehood, the military units were known as Nevada Territory battalions. Prior to recruiting being authorized, Nevadans enlisted into California units.

</doc>
<doc id="20870592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870592" title="Bourgeois socialism">
Bourgeois socialism

Conservative or Bourgeois Socialism was a term used by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels in various pieces (including in the "Communist Manifesto").
The Marxian view is such that the bourgeois socialist is the sustainer of the current state of bourgeois class relations. Opinions vary as to whether this or that bourgeois socialist "intentionally" is excusing the current order but the common thread is that they are, in objective fact, preserving it.
In this class Marx explicitly referenced Proudhon's "The Philosophy of Misery", stating:

</doc>
<doc id="20870613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870613" title="The Red Poppies on Monte Cassino">
The Red Poppies on Monte Cassino

Czerwone maki na Monte Cassino (The Red Poppies on Monte Cassino) is one of the best-known Polish military songs of World War II. It was composed in May 1944 in Italy, during the Battle of Monte Cassino, on the eve of the Polish Army's capture of the German stronghold.
History.
In early 1944 a German stronghold, dug in at the ancient Benedictine monastery atop Monte Cassino, had blocked the Allies' advance toward Rome. The forces of several Allied countries had attempted since mid-January to capture the German fortress. For a fourth major assault, which would begin on 11 May 1944, Polish troops were rotated in.
The song's melody was composed during the night of 17–18 May 1944 by Alfred Schütz, a composer, actor and member of the Polish Soldiers' Theater garrisoned at Campobasso in the shadow of Monte Cassino. Two opening stanzas were written at that time by Feliks Konarski (""Ref-ren"" — "Refrain"), a poet and song-writer and soldier of the Polish II Corps commanded by Major General Władysław Anders. The third stanza would be written a few days later. 
The fourth and final stanza would be written a quarter-century later, in 1969, to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the battle. That final stanza is the least known and is sometimes omitted.
On 18 May 1944, the day following the song's composition, the Poles stormed and captured the precincts of the Monte Cassino monastery. Later that day, the song was first performed at General Anders' headquarters to celebrate the Polish victory. "The Red Poppies on Monte Cassino" won popularity with the troops and was soon published by a Polish-American newspaper in New York. It would later be published in Poland. It was banned, however, during the Stalinist period in the People's Republic of Poland, when the government sought to minimize memory of the wartime Polish Armed Forces in the West.
It is featured, however, in Andrzej Wajda's film Ashes and Diamonds, made in 1958, after the death of Stalin.

</doc>
<doc id="20870644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870644" title="Andares">
Andares

Andares is a shopping mall located in Zapopan, Mexico in the Guadalajara metropolitan area. This outdoor and indoor shopping center is set in Puerta de Hierro. It was opened on November 19, 2008.
The 530 million dollar complex features residencies designed by Mexican architect Juan Sordo Madaleno, a Ritz-Carlton hotel, and a shopping center complex including department stores such as Liverpool (store) and El Palacio de Hierro.
External links.
Andares Luxury

</doc>
<doc id="20870645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870645" title="GRTA Xpress">
GRTA Xpress

Xpress is a regional commuter coach service operated as a partnership between the Georgia Regional Transportation Authority (GRTA) and Clayton, Cherokee, Cobb, DeKalb, Douglas, Forsyth, Fulton, Gwinnett, Henry, Paulding, and Rockdale counties. As of February 25, 2013 33 "Xpress" routes are in operation. Operators of Xpress are contracted thru Professional Transit Management and American Coach. In Cobb and Gwinnett Counties Cobb Community Transit or Gwinnett County Transit provide "Xpress" service in addition to their own express services. Service hours are from roughly 5:30 a.m. to 9:30 p.m weekdays, with most service being rush hours only.
Fares.
All routes excluding routes 408, 410, 412, 470, 475, 477, and 480
On off-peak runs and reverse commute runs (those heading in out of Atlanta in mornings, inbound evenings), the fare is halved to $1.50 one-way, $2.50 round-trip and $40 for a 31-day pass. 
Routes 408 and 410
Routes 412 and 418
Routes 470, 475, 477, 480, and 481
Free transfers are available between GRTA Xpress and MARTA via a reciprocal fare agreement. Routes 408, 410, 412, 470, 475, 477, 480, and 481 DO NOT offer round-trip fares.
Future plans.
Originally at full system implementation, "Xpress" had planned to operate 27 routes traversing 12 metro area counties. However due to the popularity of its bus service (overcrowding on routes has become commonplace) the agency has already reached this goal. A second expansion phase is now being implemented to have 47 routes in operation by the 2013 fiscal year. These routes will connect the outlying suburbs with each other and downtown Atlanta. Though most routes go to downtown Atlanta, some routes terminate or make stops at MARTA train stations along the route.

</doc>
<doc id="20870647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870647" title="Roland Jupiter">
Roland Jupiter

Roland Jupiter was a series of analog synthesizers produced by the Roland Corporation. Models included:

</doc>
<doc id="20870652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870652" title="Otter Falls (Washington)">
Otter Falls (Washington)

Otter Falls (also Otter Slide, Otter Slide Falls or Otter Creek Falls) is a waterfall in King County, Washington; on the southern wall of Mount Anderson. It drops about in all, but due to the relatively moderate pitch of the mountainside, only about 1/3 of the total height can be seen from the ground. The drainage of Otter Creek, which feeds the falls, is fairly small, and consists mostly of granite which does not retain water. Therefore, the waterfall relies entirely on snowmelt to flow and often dries up by July. 
Otter Creek is a tributary of the Taylor River that flows about off Mount Anderson, 1/2 of which is spent tumbling off these falls.

</doc>
<doc id="20870661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870661" title="E23 munition">
E23 munition

The E23 munition was a cardboard sub-munition developed by the United States biological weapons program for use as an anti-crop weapon. The E23 underwent a conversion for use as a vector weapon and was briefly used in large-scale entomological warfare trial but technical issues forced it from the tests.
History.
The E23 munition was originally conceived as an anti-crop weapon. When, following the Korean War, U.S. interest in large-scale entomological warfare increased, the E23 was one of two munitions involved in field testing the potential of insect vectors as weapons.
Specifications.
The E23 was made of cardboard and had a diameter of and a length of . Essentially a cardboard container, the E23 consisted of an internal actuator which simply reversed a plastic bag, expelling its contents. The E23 sub-munition also included a small parachute for use when dropped from the E77 cluster bomb. The weapon was deployed between 2,000 and 1,000 feet in altitude after its release from the cluster bomb. Once converted for use as a vector weapon the E23 could hold 200,000 rat fleas in its interior among small pieces of sponge.
Issues.
Initially, the E23 was involved in "Operation Big Itch". In September 1954 Big Itch aimed to determine coverage patterns and survivability of uninfected tropical rat fleas ("Xenopsylla cheopis") for use in biological warfare as disease vector. In preliminary Big Itch tests approximately half of the E23 munitions failed to properly function. In one instance, the problems with the E23 led uninfected fleas to escape into the aircraft where they bit the pilot, bombardier and an observer. These problems led to the E23 being pulled off of Operation Big Itch. Despite the problems with the E23, the Big Itch field trials ultimately proved successful.

</doc>
<doc id="20870677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870677" title="Serdang Bedagai Regency">
Serdang Bedagai Regency

Serdang Bedagai Regency is a regency in the Eastern shores of North Sumatra facing Malaysia, with 95 km of coastline and covering an area of 1,913.33 square kilometres, divided into 17 districts ("kecamatan"), in turn subdivided into 237 villages and 6 subdistricts Its seat is Sei Rampah. The regency surrounds the independent city of Tebing Tinggi, and also contains a district (kecamatan) by the same name. The name “Serdang Bedagai” was derived from the two Sultanates which formerly existed in the Region; they were Serdang Sultanate and Padang Bedagai Sultanates. The population was 592,922 at the 2010 Census.
Location.
To the north is the Malacca Straits, to the west is Deli Serdang Regency (surrounding Medan), to the south and southeast is Simalungun Regency, and to the east are the Buaya River and Ular River bordering Batubara Regency, which was formed in 2006 from part of the Asahan Regency.
Administration.
The regency is divided administratively into seventeen districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population:

</doc>
<doc id="20870694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870694" title="Maria of Brabant, Duchess of Bavaria">
Maria of Brabant, Duchess of Bavaria

Maria of Brabant (1226–1256) was a daughter of Henry II, Duke of Brabant and Maria of Swabia. She married Louis II, Duke of Bavaria, being the first of three wives.
Background.
Maria was the fifth of six children born to Duke Henry by his first wife. Her mother Maria was a daughter of Philip of Swabia. Maria's siblings included Henry III, Duke of Brabant and Matilda of Brabant. After the death of her mother, her father remarried to Sophie of Thuringia, from this marriage she gained two half-siblings including Henry I of Hesse.
Betrothals and Marriage.
Maria was most likely betrothed in 1247 to Prince Edward, son of Henry III of England. The betrothal of one of the daughters of Henry II Duke of Brabant to Edward is recorded by Matthew Paris. It is not certain that Maria was the daughter in question. However, she is the most likely candidate as her two older sisters were already married and her younger half-sister was only an infant at the time. However negotiations came to nothing.
On 2 August 1254, Maria was married to Duke Louis. The couple were married for only two years, in which time they had no children.
Execution.
Maria was executed by beheading in Donauwörth in 1256, after being accused of adultery by her husband, following the standard practice for women found guilty of adultery; however, proof of guilt of adultery on her part could never be validated. As expiation, Louis founded the Cistercian friary Fürstenfeld Abbey (Fürstenfeldbruck) near Munich. 
Sources tell varying tales about how the event occurred. In 1256 Louis had been away from home on state affairs for an extended period of time in the area of the Rhine. His wife wrote two letters, one to her husband, and another to the earl of Kyburg at Hunsrück, a vassal of Ludwig. Details about the actual content of the second letter vary, but according to the chroniclers, the messenger who carried the letter to Louis had been given the wrong one, and Louis came to the conclusion that his wife had a secret love affair.
Over time, a great many tales of folklore sprang up around Louis' bloody deed, most of them written long after Louis' death: Ballad-mongers embellished the tale into a murderous frenzy, during which Louis allegedly not only killed his wife after having ridden home for five days and nights, but also stabbed the messenger who brought him the wrong letter, then upon entering his castle stabbed his own castellan and a court lady and threw his wife's maid from the battlements, before he massacred his wife either by stabbing her or cutting off her head.

</doc>
<doc id="20870697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870697" title="Sei Rempah">
Sei Rempah

Sei Rampah is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Serdang Bedagai Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="20870712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870712" title="Detaille Island">
Detaille Island

Detaille Island is a small island off the northern end of the Arrowsmith Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica. From 1956 to 1959 it was home to "Base W" of the British Antarctic Survey and closed after the end of the International Geophysical Year (IGY). It is now often visited by Antarctic cruise ships but is otherwise unoccupied.
Thanks to the men’s hasty departure and the necessity that they take little with them, Base W is an eerily preserved time capsule of 1950s Antarctic life. The base had been intended to host dog-sledging survey parties which would cross the sea ice to the nearby Antarctic Peninsula, but the ice was dangerously unstable. When Base W was vacated, heavy sea ice prevented resupply ship Biscoe from approaching closer than 31 miles, despite the assistance of two U.S. icebreakers. So the men were forced to close up the base, load sledges with only their most valuable gear and use dog teams to reach the ship. 
Historic site.
The base was established in 1956 as a British research station primarily for survey, geology and meteorology and to contribute to the IGY in 1957. It consists of a hut and associated structures and outbuildings, including a small emergency storage building, bitch and pup pens, anemometer tower, and two tubular steel radio masts. As a relatively unaltered research station of the late 1950s, it provides a reminder of the science and living conditions that existed when the Antarctic Treaty was first signed in 1959. 
In 2009, the base was designated a Historic Site and Monument (HSM 83), following a proposal by the United Kingdom to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meeting.
Artefacts include a Hoover washing machine with instruction manuals, jackets and longjohns, a calendar from December 1957, survey books, astronomical observation logs, radio communication equipment, numerous books, dozens of paint-size cans of Scotch oats, bottles of Heinz mayonnaise, and empty bottles of gin and whisky.
Detaille Island is maintained by the United Kingdom Antarctic Heritage Trust. The organization works to conserve Antarctic buildings and artefacts, and to promote and encourage the public's interest in its Antarctic heritage. 
The normal occupancy of Base W was eight to 10 people, according to an information panel. In addition to the main building, there’s two nearby huts. One was used as an emergency store and the other to keep dogs.

</doc>
<doc id="20870719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870719" title="Simalungun Regency">
Simalungun Regency

Simalungun Regency is a regency in North Sumatra. Its seat is Raya. The regency covers an area of 4,386.6 square kilometres, and at the 2010 census it had a population of 818,104. 

</doc>
<doc id="20870720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870720" title="Juan Sordo Madaleno">
Juan Sordo Madaleno

Juan Sordo Madaleno (October 1916, Mexico City – 12 March 1985) was a Mexican architect.
Biography.
Sordo was one of the most important Mexican architects and worked with renowned architects, including Luis Barragán, Jose Villagran Garcia, Augusto H. Álvarez, Ricardo Legorreta, Francisco J. Serrano and José Adolfo Wiechers. Architecturally, he settled initially by the Bauhaus style and influence of Le Corbusier. He designed especially hotels and residential buildings. 1937, he founded his architectural firm, which is now under the Sordo Madaleno Arquitectos SC is known. On 20 June 1941 he married Magdalena Bringas Aguado. The marriage was the joint children Juan José (1942–1974), Magdalena (* 1944) and Javier (* 1956) showed. The latter is also an architect and heads since 1982, the architectural firm. 1963, he earned the Hacienda "La Laja" in Tequisquiapan in the Mexican state of Querétaro, where he successfully bred bulls and the family then lived.

</doc>
<doc id="20870743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870743" title="Dechlorane plus">
Dechlorane plus

Dechlorane plus (abbrev. "DDC-CO") is a polychlorinated flame retardant produced by Oxychem. Its log P is 9.3. It is produced by the Diels-Alder reaction of two equivalents of hexachlorocyclopentadiene with one equivalent of cyclooctadiene. The "syn" and "anti" isomer are formed in the approximate ratio of 1:3.
Dechlorane plus was first found in the environment in 2006 in air around the Great Lakes. Since then, its environmental occurrence has been further documented in several studies including sediments of the Great Lakes; zooplankton, fish, and mussels in Lake Winnipeg and Lake Ontario; air and seawater from the Arctic to Antarctica; and Chinese air. Modeling data indicates that Dechlorane Plus may be persistent, bioaccumulative, and subject to long-range transport and that it may be candidates for Annex D evaluation under the United Nations Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants.

</doc>
<doc id="20870750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870750" title="Raya, Simalungun">
Raya, Simalungun

Raya is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Simalungun Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="20870753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870753" title="Kaljo Põllu">
Kaljo Põllu

Kaljo Põllu (28 November 1934, Kopa, Hiiumaa – 23 March 2010) was an Estonian artist. In 1962 he received a diploma in glass art, and became director of art cabinet of Tartu State University; he founded the contemporary artist's group Visarid in 1966 in Tartu. In 1973 he moved to Tallinn, where from 1975 to 1996 he taught drawing in the Estonian Art Academy; at this point his art changed in style dramatically as he searched for influences from the ancient Finno-Ugric culture.
In 2007 the University of Tartu gave Põllu their "Contribution to Estonian National Identity" award.
Exhibition catalogues published outside Estonia about Kaljo Põllu.
There have been published approx. 30 titles on Kaljo Põllu's artwork in newspapers and journals outside Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="20870786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870786" title="2009 Kansas City Chiefs season">
2009 Kansas City Chiefs season

The 2009 Kansas City Chiefs season was the franchise's 50th season, and first with head coach Todd Haley at the helm. It was also the first season with Scott Pioli as the team's general manager. The Chiefs attempted to improve on their 2–14 record from 2008 with the third overall selection in the 2009 NFL Draft. In 2009, the Chiefs also honored the induction of Derrick Thomas, the team's former linebacker from 1989 to 1999, into the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Thomas' jersey number 58 was officially retired by the franchise after having been unissued since Thomas' death in 2000.
The fate of head coach Herman Edwards and his staff remained uncertain after the end of the 2008 season in which the Chiefs finished with a franchise-worst 2–14 record. The team was 6–26 in the past two years under Edwards, who had one year left on a four-year, $12 million contract and was lobbying to be allowed another year to get his rebuilding movement off the ground. Team owner Clark Hunt voiced his support of Edwards, but he had also said the new general manager Scott Pioli would have "significant input" into the decision on whether to retain him. On January 23, the Chiefs fired Edwards, and on February 5, Todd Haley was hired as the 11th head coach in Chiefs franchise history and signed a four-year contract.
For the 2009 season under the Pioli/Haley regime, the Chiefs switched from a 4–3 defense to a 3–4 defensive strategy.
Although finishing the regular season last in the AFC West with a record of 4–12, the Chiefs doubled their win record from the previous season.
Offseason.
AFL anniversary season.
In select games, the Chiefs, as well as the other founding teams of the American Football League, will wear "throwback" uniforms to celebrate the AFL's 50th anniversary and the 1962 Dallas Texans team that won the AFL Championship. The Chiefs "throwback" look will feature helmets with gray facemasks and a Texas-shaped decal with a gold star showing the location of the city of Dallas, Texas. From 1960 to 1962, the team was known as the Dallas Texans and played at the Cotton Bowl alongside the NFL's Dallas Cowboys. Jerseys for the club’s "throwback" games will include a patch that honors the AFL’s 50th anniversary. Kansas City will wear these replica uniforms when they host the Dallas Cowboys at Arrowhead Stadium and against two AFC West opponents yet to be determined (one home date and one away date).
The team's decision to wear the Texans' helmets started a controversy with some Chiefs fans who believed the team needed to honor the franchise's years in Kansas City, not Dallas. A petition by Sports Radio 810 WHB in Kansas City states that "the Chiefs have a responsibility to help promote the state and region that have supported them financially through stadium taxes, ticket sales, parking fees, concessions and merchandise sales for 47 years."
General manager search.
Following the resignation of Carl Peterson, the Chiefs' general manager, chief executive officer, and team president, a search for the team's new general manager began. Chiefs owner Clark Hunt said he intended to split the three jobs that Peterson held for nearly 20 years, looking for "a shrewd evaluator of football talent" at the general manager's position. Possible candidates included former Chiefs head coach Marty Schottenheimer, Indianapolis Colts vice president of football operations Chris Polian, Tampa Bay Buccaneers director of pro personnel Mark Dominik, former Denver Broncos general manager Ted Sundquist, former Tennessee Titans general manager Floyd Reese, San Diego Chargers director of player personnel Jimmy Raye III, Baltimore Ravens director of college scouting Eric DeCosta, and New England Patriots vice president of football operations Scott Pioli. Hunt said he would hire a new person to overlook football operations and a second person to be in charge of the team's business operations. That job, team president, was given to longtime team executive vice president Denny Thum.
Pioli reportedly sought "total control" of an organization and was also pursued by the Cleveland Browns to be their new general manager. Pioli's supposed intentions of "total control" could have possibly eliminated him from the Chiefs' job. Hunt had kept his search almost entirely leak-proof, instructing subordinates that only he is to speak to the situation. Hunt also intended to be thorough and patient in his search for the Chiefs' new general manager. Pioli was reportedly the Chiefs' number one candidate and on January 13 the Chiefs hired Pioli as general manager. The official statement from the Chiefs said that Pioli would "have final say over all football operations and report directly to (Clark) Hunt." The Chiefs introduced Pioli the following day at team headquarters in Kansas City.
Coaching changes.
Hiring Todd Haley.
The decision to hire Scott Pioli as general manager likely meant that head coach Herman Edwards would not return for a fourth season as Chiefs head coach. The "Kansas City Star" reported that according to two coaches, Edwards and his staff could have been dismissed as soon as Wednesday, January 14, the day when Pioli was introduced in Kansas City. At his press conference, Pioli did not rule out Edwards being retained as the team's head coach. Hunt said publicly that he wanted Edwards to return in 2009, but Pioli would have "significant input" in the final decision.
Several candidates were mentioned as possible replacements for Edwards even before he had been fired. The most notable names mentioned were Todd Haley, the offensive coordinator of the 2008 NFC Champion Arizona Cardinals, New York Giants defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo, and Mike Shanahan, the former head coach of the Chiefs' rival Raiders and Broncos franchises. Other possible candidates included Jon Gruden, Leslie Frazier, Winston Moss, Kirk Ferentz, Jason Garrett, and even Scott Pioli's father-in-law, Bill Parcells.
Edwards was fired on January 23, and ESPN's Chris Mortensen reported later that evening that the Chiefs were targeting Mike Shanahan to become the next head coach. Mortensen initially reported that the Chiefs were negotiating on a contract with Shanahan. The report was later denied by Shanahan himself.
After a long period in which Haley was considered the front-runner for the head coaching position, there was concern as to whether the Chiefs would violate the Rooney Rule by immediately hiring Haley. The Rooney Rule, named after Pittsburgh Steelers owner Dan Rooney, specifies that NFL teams must give fair interviews to minority candidates whenever a head coaching position comes open. Some minority coaches were reportedly turning down offers from the Chiefs since Haley was the presumed target for the coaching vacancy. The Chiefs negotiated with Haley following the Cardinals' loss in Super Bowl XLIII, and Haley accepted the coaching position on February 5. Haley was introduced as head coach the following day.
Defensive coordinator Gunther Cunningham was hired by the Detroit Lions for the same position. Cunningham had been the defensive coordinator for the Chiefs from 1995 to 1998 and 2004 to 2008. He also served as the team's head coach from 1999 to 2000. The Chiefs also lost secondary coach David Gibbs to the Houston Texans and Mike Priefer to the Denver Broncos. Once Todd Haley was hired, the Chiefs fired tight ends coach Jon Embree, defensive assistant/assistant linebacker coach Michael Ketchum, running backs coach Curtis Modkins, offensive assistant/quality control coach Kevin Patullo, and wide receivers coach Eric Price.
Assistant coaches and administration.
For Haley's new coaching staff, the Chiefs hired Joel Collier, Gary Gibbs (linebackers), Steve Hoffman (special teams), Bill Muir (offensive line), Clancy Pendergast (defensive coordinator), Pat Perles, Dedric Ward (wide receivers), Ronnie Bradford (defensive assistant), Nick Sirianni (offensive quality control coach), and Maurice Carthon (assistant head coach). From Herman Edwards' staff, Chan Gailey was retained as offensive coordinator, and Bob Bicknell switched from offensive line to tight ends coach, and Joe D'Alessandris was retained as assistant offensive line coach. The Chiefs also relieved duties of several scouts and player personnel assistants once the 2009 NFL Draft concluded.
Initially there were doubts as to whether Chan Gailey would retained under Todd Haley's coaching staff, being that Haley had just concluded a successful stint as offensive coordinator at Arizona. After the Chiefs lost their first three pre-season games, Gailey was relieved of duties and Haley is expected to assume offensive playcalling duties.
Roster changes and trade demands.
Immediately following the Chiefs' 2008 season finale loss to the Cincinnati Bengals, RB Larry Johnson voiced his intention to seek a trade in the offseason. Johnson was involved in legal troubles in 2008 and his production on the field declined. As a result of his legal troubles, in March 2009 Johnson pleaded guilty to the two incidents that occurred in 2008 and was sentenced to two years probation. Johnson served suspensions from the NFL in 2008 and is not expected to receive further punishment from the charges.
OL Brian Waters had issues with Todd Haley shortly after Haley's hiring, saying the coach had been disrespectful of him during a meeting, then that new general manager Scott Pioli refused to meet with him privately. Waters later told the "Kansas City Star" that he wanted to be traded and did not attend any of the team's voluntary offseason workouts. Newly acquired LB Mike Vrabel also did not attend offseason workouts citing his rights with the league's collective bargaining agreement.
TE Tony Gonzalez reiterated his intentions for a trade in March 2009 after a failed attempt in October 2008. He was eventually traded in April to the Atlanta Falcons.
Gonzalez lobbied for the Chiefs to keep Tyler Thigpen as the team's starting quarterback when Gonzalez was still with the team and when Matt Cassel was not yet on the Chiefs roster. Though he appeared to be the Chiefs' lone quarterback who would remain in their plans for 2009, especially after Damon Huard was released Thigpen was not considered a lock for the starting job. Thigpen competed with Matt Cassel for the starting quarterback position.
Departures.
In February, the Chiefs released LB Donnie Edwards, QB Damon Huard, TE Michael Merritt, and CB Patrick Surtain. In March, QB Quinn Gray was released. and in April WR Will Franklin, OT Andrew Carnahan, LB Curtis Gatewood, and WR Kevin Robinson were released.
On April 23 the Chiefs traded TE Tony Gonzalez to the Atlanta Falcons in exchange for a second round draft pick in the 2010 NFL Draft. In 2008 Gonzalez asked Chiefs management for a trade but negotiations failed and new general manager Scott Pioli reitereated that Gonzalez was initially not offered in trades for the 2009 season but agreed when the Falcons offered a second-round pick. Gonzalez had sought a trade in the 2008 season but several attempts failed.
At the conclusion of the preseason, the Chiefs released 13 players to reach the 53-player limit. Permanently released were S Bernard Pollard, WR Ashley Lelie, WR Taurus Johnson, DT Derek Lokey, S Ricky Price, and LB Zach Thomas. CB Jackie Bates, TE Tom Crabtree, DE Dion Gales, DE Bobby Greenwood, G Darryl Harris, RB Javarris Williams and WR Rodney Wright were added to the practice squad.
After the first regular season game, the Chiefs waived LB Turk McBride. After the third game, the Chiefs traded QB Tyler Thigpen to the Miami Dolphins for an undisclosed draft pick.
Additions.
Despite having several needs to be addressed and nearly $35 million in salary cap room, the Chiefs were criticized for being "quiet" in free-agency after the Cassel/Vrabel trade, primarily adding back-up players for depth.
In March, the Chiefs signed LB Darrell Robertson, WR C. J. Jones, CB Travis Daniels, LB Corey Mays, WR Bobby Engram, LB Monty Beisel, WR Terrance Copper. and OL Mike Goff.
In April, the Chiefs signed WR Rodney Wright, LS Tanner Purdum, LB Zach Thomas, TE Sean Ryan, TE Tony Curtis, and C Eric Ghiaciuc.
In June, the Chiefs signed FS Mike Brown.
In August, the Chiefs signed WR Amani Toomer but he was later released at the end of the pre-season.
In September, the Chiefs signed WR Bobby Wade.
In November, the Chiefs signed WR Chris Chambers.
Cassel/Vrabel trade.
On the first day of free agency (February 27), the Chiefs acquired LB Mike Vrabel from the Patriots for an undisclosed draft pick. The "Boston Globe" speculated that it would be part of a bigger trade involving QB Matt Cassel. The next day, the Chiefs confirmed the acquisition of both Vrabel and Cassel from New England in exchange for their second round draft selection in the 2009 NFL Draft (#34 overall).
Reactions to the trade were mixed and it was called "monumentally lopsided" with the Chiefs "clearly (getting) the better end of the deal." Don Banks of "Sports Illustrated" called the Chiefs the "big winners" of the first weekend of NFL free agency and the Patriots' compensation "laughably low," but the best they could get in return. The trade was done mainly because the Patriots could not keep two quarterbacks on their roster that took up $29.2 million of salary cap space, so it was not a matter of if the Patriots would trade Cassel, but when. The Patriots also have Tom Brady under contract, who is recovering from a knee-injury sufffered in a 2008 game against the Chiefs.
On July 15 the Chiefs signed Cassel to six-year contract extension worth a total of $63 million.
2009 NFL Draft.
The Chiefs selected third overall in the 2009 NFL Draft. After selecting a league-high 13 players in the 2008 Draft, the Chiefs were scheduled to make their standard seven selections pending trades prior to trading away their second round draft pick to New England for Matt Cassel and Mike Vrabel, leaving them with just six choices. The Chiefs were later awarded the 256th and final selection in the 2009 NFL Draft, making them effectively choose "Mr. Irrelevant." The player chosen was K Ryan Succop, who was the Chiefs' first "Mr. Irrelevant" since the 1970 NFL Draft when DB Rayford Jenkins was chosen by the team from Alcorn A&M.
The Chiefs selected defensive end Tyson Jackson third overall. Jackson was the third consecutive first round pick by the Chiefs to have played collegiately for the LSU Tigers. All terms of the contracts for the 2009 draft picks were undisclosed, but ESPN reported that Jackson signed a five-year contract worth $57 million, with $31 million guaranteed.
Notes:
Preseason.
The Chiefs conducted training camp at the University of Wisconsin–River Falls for the 19th and final consecutive year. The team will move training camp to St. Joseph, Missouri in 2010. They lost all four games in the preseason to the Houston Texans, Minnesota Vikings, Seattle Seahawks, and St. Louis Rams (for the Missouri Governor's Cup). In the Chiefs' game against the Seahawks, QB Matt Cassel suffered a sprained Medial collateral ligament (MCL), leaving his status as starting quarterback for opening day in doubt. The offense for the Chiefs struggled in all four games, scoring only 42 points in four games and the offensive line suffered numerous breakdowns which led to Cassel's injury. The offensive struggles led to offensive coordinator Chan Gailey's firing and head coach Todd Haley assuming playcalling duties.
Regular season results.
Week 1: at Baltimore Ravens.
The Chiefs began their season at M&T Bank Stadium against the Baltimore Ravens. Due to his injured knee, quarterback Matt Cassel was unable to play, so Brodie Croyle got the start. Despite completing 16-of-24 passes for 177 yards and two touchdowns, the Chiefs lost to the Ravens 38–24, and Croyle fell to 0–9 as a starter.
Kansas City trailed in the first quarter as Ravens kicker Steven Hauschka got a 44-yard field goal, followed by quarterback Joe Flacco completing a 3-yard touchdown pass to running back Willis McGahee. In the second quarter, the Chiefs got on the board as safety Jon McGraw recovered a blocked punt in the end zone for a touchdown. In the third quarter, Kansas City took the lead as Croyle completed a 2-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Dwayne Bowe, yet Baltimore answered with Flacco completing a 9-yard touchdown pass to tight end Todd Heap. What followed was a back-and-forth battle in the fourth quarter. Chiefs kicker Ryan Succop got a 53-yard field goal, but the Ravens replied with fullback Le'Ron McClain getting a 1-yard touchdown run. Kansas City would stay close as Croyle completed a 10-yard touchdown pass to tight end Sean Ryan, but Baltimore would pull away as Flacco completed a 31-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Mark Clayton and McGahee getting a 1-yard touchdown run.
With the loss, the Chiefs began their season at 0–1.
Week 2: vs. Oakland Raiders.
Hoping to rebound from their tough road loss to the Ravens, the Chiefs played their Week 2 home opener against their AFC West foe, the Oakland Raiders. Kansas City would score in the first quarter as rookie kicker Ryan Succop got a 23-yard field goal. In the second quarter, the Raiders tied the game as kicker Sebastian Janikowski made a 48-yard field goal. Oakland would take the lead in the third quarter as Janikowski nailed a 54-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Chiefs would retake the lead as quarterback Matt Cassel completed a 29-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Dwayne Bowe. However, the Raiders sealed the win as running back Darren McFadden got a 5-yard touchdown run.
With the loss, Kansas City fell to 0–2.
Week 3: at Philadelphia Eagles.
Still searching for their first win of the season, the Chiefs flew to Lincoln Financial Field for a Week 3 interconference duel with the Philadelphia Eagles. Kansas City would trail early in the first quarter as Eagles running back LeSean McCoy got a 5-yard touchdown run and quarterback Kevin Kolb got a 1-yard touchdown run. The Chiefs would get on the board with quarterback Matt Cassel's 13-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Mark Bradley, but Philadelphia came right back with Kolb's 64-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver DeSean Jackson and kicker David Akers' 29-yard field goal.
Kansas City's deficit would increase as Akers nailed a 38-yard field goal in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, the Eagles would put the game away with Kolb's 35-yard touchdown pass to tight end Brent Celek. Afterwards, the Chiefs would end the game with Cassel's 9-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Bobby Wade.
With the loss, Kansas City fell to 0–3.
Week 4: vs. New York Giants.
After a brutal road loss to the Eagles, the Chiefs went home for a Week 4 interconference duel with the New York Giants. Kansas City would trail in the first quarter with quarterback Eli Manning completing a 3-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Steve Smith. Afterwards, the Chiefs would get on the board with rookie kicker Ryan Succop's 34-yard field goal. In the second quarter, New York would answer with Manning hooking up with Smith again on a 25-yard touchdown pass. Then, the Giants would close out the half with former Chiefs kicker Lawrence Tynes making a 25-yard field goal.
After Tynes' 40-yard field goal in the third quarter, New York would finish their scoring in the fourth quarter with quarterback Eli Manning's 54-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Hakeem Nicks. Kansas City tried to rally with quarterback Matt Cassel completing a 1-yard touchdown pass to tight end Sean Ryan (followed by a failed 2-point conversion) and a 2-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Bobby Wade.
With the loss, the Chiefs fell to 0–4.
Week 5: vs. Dallas Cowboys.
Still looking to acquire their first win of the year, the Chiefs stayed at home, donned their Dallas Texans throwbacks, and played a Week 5 interconference duel with the Dallas Cowboys. After a scoreless first quarter, Kansas City got out of the gates in the second quarter as kicker Ryan Succop made a 47-yard field goal and quarterback Matt Cassel completed a 1-yard touchdown pass to linebacker Mike Vrabel. Afterwards, the Cowboys closed out the opening half with a 22-yard field goal from kicker Nick Folk.
The Chiefs went back to work in the third quarter with Succop booting a 38-yard field goal, yet Dallas began to rally with a 36-yard touchdown run from running back Tashard Choice. Dallas would take the lead in the fourth quarter as Folk nailed a 28-yard field goal and quarterback Tony Romo found wide receiver Miles Austin on a 59-yard touchdown pass, yet Kansas City would tie the game as Cassel hooked up with wide receiver Dwayne Bowe on a 16-yard touchdown pass. However, the Cowboys won it in overtime as Romo threw the game-ending 60-yard touchdown pass to Austin.
With the tough loss, the Chiefs fell to 0–5.
Week 6: at Washington Redskins.
Following a tough overtime loss to the Cowboys, the Chiefs flew to Fed Ex Field for a Week 6 interconference duel with the Washington Redskins.
After a scoreless first quarter, Chiefs kicker Ryan Succop booted a 39-yard field goal for the only score of the half.
In the third quarter, the Redskins took the lead with a 40-yard and a 28-yard field goal from kicker Shaun Suisham, but Kansas City tied it up with Succop's 46-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, Succop gave the Chiefs the lead with a 46-yard and a 24-yard field, but it was the defense that closed the game out for Kansas City, as DE/OLB Tamba Hali sacked quarterback Todd Collins in his own end zone for a safety with under a minute to play.
With the win, the Chiefs improved to 1–5.
Week 7: vs. San Diego Chargers.
Coming off their road win over the Redskins, the Chiefs went home, donned their Dallas Texans throwbacks, and played a Week 7 AFL Legacy game with the San Diego Chargers. Kansas City would find themselves trailing in the first quarter as Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers completed a 3-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Malcom Floyd, followed by a 10-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Vincent Jackson. San Diego would add onto their lead in the second quarter with a 20-yard and a 39-yard field goal from kicker Nate Kaeding.
The Chiefs would get onto the board in the third quarter with quarterback Matt Cassel completing a 7-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Dwayne Bowe, but the Chargers kept their momentum going with Rivers finding running back Darren Sproles on a 58-yard touchdown pass. In the fourth quarter, San Diego sealed the win with Kaeding's 19-yard field goal and fullback Jacob Hester recovering a blocked punt in the end zone for a touchdown.
With the loss, Kansas City went into their bye week at 1–6.
Suspension of Larry Johnson.
Larry Johnson was suspended for two weeks after he made offensive comments about Todd Haley and made offensive comments about homosexuals on Twitter and in public.
Week 9: at Jacksonville Jaguars.
After their bye week, the Chiefs flew to Jacksonville Municipal Stadium for an Intraconference Duel with the Jaguars. While the Chiefs got on the board first with Ryan Succop nailing a 45-yard goal, they fell behind when Rashad Jennings ran from the 28-yard line to the end zone for a touchdown. In the second quarter Ryan Succop made a 21-yard field goal, and then the Jaguars scored when David Garrard completed a 61-yard touchdown pass to Mike Sims-Walker. The only score in the third quarter was when Josh Scobee hit a 27-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter the Chiefs fell further behind when Maurice Jones-Drew got a 10-yard touchdown run. The Chiefs tried to come back with Matt Cassel completing a 54-yard and a 5-yard touchdown pass to Chris Chambers (Second time round the two-point conversion was made when Matt Cassel passed to Jamaal Charles) but couldn't go any further thanks to the Jaguars' defense resulting in a loss.
With the loss, the Chiefs fell to 1–7.
Week 10: at Oakland Raiders.
Trying to snap a two-game losing streak, the Chiefs flew to the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum, donned their Dallas Texans throwbacks, and played a Week 10 AFC Legacy game with perennial rival, the Oakland Raiders. Kansas City would trail in the first quarter as Raiders running back Justin Fargas got a 1-yard touchdown run. The Chiefs would get on the board with rookie kicker Ryan Succop getting a 50-yard field goal, but Oakland would strike back as kicker Sebastian Janikowski got a 50-yard field goal. Kansas City would take the lead in the second quarter with a 44-yard touchdown run from running back Jamaal Charles, followed by Succop nailing a 25-yard field goal. After a scoreless third quarter, Succop would come through for the Chiefs in the fourth quarter with a 31-yard field goal.
With the win, Kansas City improved to 2–7.
Week 11: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers.
The Chiefs returned home to host the Steelers in an attempt to create the biggest upset of the week and get their first back-to-back wins since 2007. Optimism grew quickly as Jamaal Charles ran the opening kick 97 yards for a touchdown, starting the game with a 7–0 Chiefs lead.
The Steelers dominated the rest of the first half with 20:45 time of possession, going into halftime with a 17–7 lead. The Chiefs' defense began to pressure Ben Rothlisberger in the third quarter, forcing two interceptions (both by Andy Studebaker in his first NFL start). By the fourth quarter, the Chiefs tied the game up at 17–17. The fourth quarter resulted in a touchdown each, sending the game into overtime.
The Steelers won the toss in overtime, but failed to get within field goal range. Of note, Rothlisberger suffered a knee to the head concussion and was replaced by Charlie Batch. The Chiefs took over at the 20 and, after a 61-yard catch and run by Chris Chambers, Ryan Succop kicked the winning 22-yard field goal. With the win, the Chiefs improved to 3–7 and snapped a 10-game home losing streak, the longest in team history.
Week 12: at San Diego Chargers.
Coming off their win against the Steelers, the Chiefs went on the road for an AFC West rivalry match against the San Diego Chargers. In the first quarter the Chiefs trailed early as QB Philip Rivers got a 19-yard touchdown pass to TE Antonio Gates. The Chiefs would reply to tie the game with QB Matt Cassel making a 7-yard touchdown pass to WR Chris Chambers, until they fell back again with RB LaDainian Tomlinson getting a 1-yard touchdown run, then Rivers hooking up with Gates again on a 15-yard touchdown pass, then DB Paul Oliver returned a fumble 40 yards for a touchdown.
In the third quarter the Chiefs' struggle continued as RB LaDainian Tomlinson got a 3-yard touchdown run. They tried to come back with RB Jamaal Charles getting a 2-yard touchdown run, but the Chargers would pull away with kicker Nate Kaeding making a 55-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter the problem got worse when a penalty on Matt Cassel was enforced in the end zone for a safety, giving the Chargers 2 points. The final score was made when Kaeding booted a 23-yard field goal.
With the loss, the Chiefs fell to 3–8.
Week 13: vs. Denver Broncos.
The Chiefs defense began the game by demonstrating how unpredictable they have been all season. After giving up three plays of 10 yards or more, Mike Brown intercepted what would likely have been a touchdown pass, giving the Chiefs offense a chance to take the field. After a short run and two incomplete passes, the Chiefs punted back to Denver. The Chiefs defense nearly forced the Broncos to a three-and-out, but the drive was kept going by a Ron Edwards face mask call. The end result was a Kyle Orton to Daniel Graham touchdown pass.
The Chiefs offense responded by putting together a relatively long series that began at the KC 31 and lasted 20 plays, ending in a 22 yard Ryan Succop field goal. After a couple possession changes, the Broncos answered with a series that included three Correll Buckhalter rushes for over 10 yards, ending in a Knowshon Moreno rushing touchdown. The Chiefs would respond before the half with another field goal.
The second began with the Chiefs failing to convert on fourth down and the Broncos scoring on each of their first three possessions. Before the end of the quarter, Matt Cassel was replaced by Brodie Croyle. After the Chiefs lost a Jamal Charles fumble for a touchdown, they recovered a Kyle Orton fumble and eventually turned it into a Jamal Charles rushing touchdown. The Broncos immediately responded with yet another touchdown.
With the loss, the Chiefs fall to 3–9.
Week 14: vs. Buffalo Bills.
With the loss, the Chiefs fell to 3–10.
Week 15: vs. Cleveland Browns.
The game was the first home blackout for the Chiefs since 1990. With the loss, the Chiefs fell to 3–11.
Week 16: at Cincinnati Bengals.
With the loss, the Chiefs fell to 3–12.
Week 17: at Denver Broncos.
With the win, the Chiefs finished their season at 4–12. Also, it was 1 of 3 games to help the Steelers get into the playoffs. However, the Ravens beat the Raiders and the Jets beat the Bengals that same week.

</doc>
<doc id="20870794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870794" title="South Tapanuli Regency">
South Tapanuli Regency

South Tapanuli is a regency in North Sumatra. Its seat is Sipirok. The regency covers an area of 4,352.86 square kilometres and according to the 2010 census it had a population of 264,108.
Archaeology.
The Padang Lawas archaeological site is partly located in the regency. The site covers approximately 1,500 km² over the subdistricts of Padangbolak in South Tapanuli, and in Padang Lawas and North Padang Lawas regencies.
The village of Batu Gana in Padangbolak Julu district is the location of a burial site consisting of a megalithic structure.
In the village of Padang Bujur in the same district, one can also find megalithic remains and what seems to be the base for a padmasana.
Other megalithic remains are found at Aek Korsik and Aek Tolong Huta, also in the Padangbolak district.

</doc>
<doc id="20870809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870809" title="Marie of Brabant">
Marie of Brabant

Marie of Brabant may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20870811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870811" title="Sipirok">
Sipirok

Sipirok is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of South Tapanuli Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="20870818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870818" title="Karl Scully">
Karl Scully

Karl Scully (born June 10, 1978) is an Irish opera tenor.
Karl Scully was born in Limerick, Ireland on June 10, 1978. He kick-started his career in 2000 when he played the role of Count John McCormack in the cinematic film “Nora”, by Pat Murphy and Gerard Stembridge, starring Ewan McGregor. He followed his on screen success by performing operatic roles such as: Don Jose in “Carmen” by Bizet; The Witch in “Hansel and Gretel” by Humperdinck; MacHeath, in “Beggars Opera” and Albert, in “Albert Herring” by Benjamin Britten; King Ouf in “L'etoile” by Chabrier; Paolino, in "Il Matrimonio Segreto" by Cimarosa; Ferrando, in “Cosi Fan Tutte” by Mozart; and Arturo in “Lucia di Lammermoor" by Gaetano Donizetti. During his time in Italy, Karl was a permanent artist in the Teatro Carlo Felice Opera House in Genoa. While there he performed solo roles alongside world famous artists including Samuel Ramey, Robert Brubaker, and Dwayne Croft.
Karl Scully is a recent graduate of the Manhattan School of Music and was a recipient of the Liberace Scholarship and the Mae Zenke Orvis Endowed Opera Scholarship.
The Irish Tenors.
Karl’s dulcet Irish tones fell on the sympathetic ears of two Irish Tenors, Anthony Kearns and Finbar Wright, prompting the invitation to join the group in 2006. Soon after Karl returned to the screens to star in ‘The Irish Tenors and Friends,’ a 10 part television show, in which Karl performed alongside such greats as Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber, Paul Carrick, Finbar Furey, Hayley Westenra, Shayne Ward, Sharon Shannon, Peter Grant, Rebecca Storm, Lucia Evans, and Celine Byrne, and in doing so affirmed his place in Irish folk law next to Ronan Keating, Enya and Bono.
From 2006–2011, Karl was a member of the The Irish Tenors and performed with them and as a soloist in over a hundred venues in Europe and the USA, including the Avery Fischer Hall, Lincoln Center New York; Wolftrap Mainstage, Virginia; Teatro Carlo Felice, Genoa; Moulin D'Ande, Normandie, France and The National Concert Hall, Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20870821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870821" title="Blue Christmas (Elvis Presley album)">
Blue Christmas (Elvis Presley album)

Blue Christmas is a 1992 Christmas compilation album with songs sung by Elvis Presley. Elvis is accompanied by the vocal group the Jordanaires on every song. 
Track listing.
All songs arranged and sung by Elvis Presley except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20870834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870834" title="Central Tapanuli Regency">
Central Tapanuli Regency

Central Tapanuli Regency is a regency in North Sumatra. Its seat is Pandan. In 2010, the regency covered an area of 2,158 square kilometres and according to the 2010 census it had a population of 310,962.
Tourist sites.
Central Tapanuli beaches are ideal for surfing, although are not familiar as Nias Island. The regency has 30 islands and one of the biggest is Marsala Island with 8,000 hectares (1 hour by motorboat from Sibolga) and has a waterfall which directly drops to the sea; around 100 meters from the waterfall drop the water still plain taste and the corals are unique and beautiful.

</doc>
<doc id="20870835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870835" title="Conservatoire botanique Pyrénéen">
Conservatoire botanique Pyrénéen

The Conservatoire botanique Pyrénéen, also known as the Conservatoire botanique national Midi-Pyrénées, is a botanical conservatory specializing in flora of the Pyrenees. It is located in the Vallon de Salut, BP315, Bagnères-de-Bigorre, Hautes-Pyrénées, Midi-Pyrénées, France, and open to the public Friday afternoons in the warmer months.
The conservatory was established in 1999 to preserve the endemic plant species of the Pyrenees. It is primarily a research establishment but also contains the herbarium collections of Louis Ramond de Carbonnières, Pierrine Gaston-Sacaze, Pierre Le Brun, and Georges Bosc, totalling some 30,000 specimens.

</doc>
<doc id="20870855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870855" title="North Tapanuli Regency">
North Tapanuli Regency

North Tapanuli Regency is a regency in North Sumatra. Its capital is Tarutung. In 2010, the regency covered an area of 3,764.65 square kilometres and according to the 2010 census it had a population of 278,897.
Soda Pond.
Soda Pond is located at the bottom of Parbubu I Hill village and people called it as 'Aek Rara'. There are so many little bubbles in the pond from natural spring water and soda aroma can be smelled. It is safe for swimming, but should use googles and the peasants use it to watering the paddy fields.

</doc>
<doc id="20870866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870866" title="Tarutung">
Tarutung

Tarutung is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of North Tapanuli Regency.
Tarutung in Batak language means durian, because there was a lot of durian trees there.

</doc>
<doc id="20870889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870889" title="Toba Samosir Regency">
Toba Samosir Regency

Toba Samosir Regency is a regency in North Sumatra. Its seat is Balige. The regency covers an area of 3,124.40 square kilometres and according to the 2000 census it had a population of 304,015 .
Orchid paradise.
Two scientists have been exploring the Eden Park tourist forest in Sionggang village in Toba Samosir Regency for 4 years. They have successfully identified almost 200 new species of forest orchids. The area is an orchid paradise, which we can found thousands of other orchid species.
Sigura-gura waterfall.
Sigura-gura waterfall is the highest waterfall in Indonesia with 250 meters height, seats 250 kilometers from Medan or 2 to 3 hours drive. Below the waterfall, we can do White water rafting.

</doc>
<doc id="20870890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870890" title="Wild New World">
Wild New World

Wild New World, also known as Prehistoric America, is a British documentary series about Ice Age America. Like several other BBC programmes, it contains both computer graphics and real life animals. Occasionally, footage of non-American counterparts of the extinct North American beasts (like the American lion and the giant American cheetah) are used in juxtaposition with footage of native American animals, like the pronghorn.
The series forms part of the Natural History Unit's "Continents" strand. It was preceded by "Wild Africa" earlier that year and followed a year later by "Wild Down Under".
List of episodes.
The program's episodes go through Ice Age North America's climatic zones, from the very northwest (Alaska/Beringia) down to the extreme southeast (Florida).
Themes.
The show's episodes offer several common themes, the main one being the coming of humans to America via the Ice Age's land bridge and causing the extinction of the North American megafauna featured in the episodes. Another BBC programme, "Monsters We Met" picks up and elaborates on this topic in greater detail. A more recent Discovery show, "Prehistoric (2009/10 show)", also features scenic elements of "Prehistoric America", such as the present melting away to reveal the past, as well as creatures already shown by the show, like the American Mastodon, Arctodus and Columbian Mammoth.
Related programs.
"Prehistoric America" is part of a series of BBC documentaries that also include:
The following are "Walking With... series" specials:
The following are similar programs, produced by the BBC:

</doc>
<doc id="20870900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870900" title="Balige">
Balige

Balige is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Toba Samosir Regency. It is 240 kilometers away from Medan. Balige is also a tourist spot to see Lake Toba, the greatest crater lake in South East Asia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20870903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870903" title="Mongolia charity rally">
Mongolia charity rally

The Mongolia Charity Rally is the charity rally from London to the capital of Mongolia, Ulaanbaatar. The Mongolia Charity Rally is organised by Charity Rallies, part of Go Help, a UK-based charity.
Adventure.
Participants start the trip from a Mongolian Naadam festival in London, England. The vehicles are then driven to Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, where they are donated to a partner charity of Go Help for auction. Charity Ralliers must raise a minimum of £1,500 for Go Help, the registered UK charity that runs Charity Rallies, through Go Help's Justgiving page, before departing. The main beneficiary of the 2008 and 2009 Mongolia Charity Rally was Save the Children.
The Mongolia Charity Rally launches from Highbury Fields in Islington, London. Go Help and the Mongolian Association organise a Mongolian Naadam to see Charity Ralliers off on their adventure, an event that is heavily attended by the Mongolian community in London, and was featured on ITV Local, a UK television network.
Routes.
The main routes to Mongolia are either the Northern Route, from London to Mongolia via Moscow, or the Southern Route, via Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan and Russia.
Entry fees.
The Mongolia Charity Rally charges an entry fee that is aimed at covering the costs of running the event. All excess funds that are generated from entry fees are donated to a project started by Go Help that provides riding helmets to child jockeys taking part in Mongolian Naadam festivals, a project that was covered by Mongolian television in 2008. The entry fee for the Mongolia Charity Rally 2010 is £300 for teams signing up before October 1, after which the invitation is by invitation only. The entry fee for 2009 was also £300, which is less than half the entry fee of £650 charged in 2009 by a competing rally run by a profit making company. The 2008 entry fee was £150. The increase reflected two major additions to Go Help's budget: the hiring of an employee in Mongolia to oversee vehicle sales and to monitor the application of funds raised by Charity Ralliers, and the costs of full-time development of the Charity Rallies website.

</doc>
<doc id="20870911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870911" title="Yair Golan">
Yair Golan

Aluf Yair Golan () is a general in the Israel Defense Forces and currently the head of Israeli Northern Command.

</doc>
<doc id="20870912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870912" title="Alexander Christie (governor)">
Alexander Christie (governor)

Alexander Christie (1792 – December 9, 1872) was a fur trader and was Governor of the Red River Colony from 1833 to 1839 and from 1844 to 1846. He was considered one of the most influential chief factors in the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) during his career, and in recognition of his services was granted a half share in the company’s profits for two years beyond the normal retirement period.
Christie was reputedly born in Glasgow, Scotland. He joined the Hudson's Bay Company in 1809, working in the lumber trade in Moose Factory. He left for Britain briefly in 1810, but returned in 1811 and established a sawmill. In 1817, now headquartered at Rupert's House, he was placed in charge of the Eastmain region. In 1821 he was a chief factor. He went on furlough in 1824. He was placed in charge of Moose Factory from 1826 to 1830, and then York Factory from 1830 to 1833. He was then appointed Governor of the Red River Colony and the Assiniboia District until 1839. During this term he supervised the building of Lower Fort Garry, which had begun a few years before his appointment in 1831. He also began construction of Upper Fort Garry. Between 1839 and 1844 he was again on furlough, in England and at Moose Factory. From 1844 to 1848 he was involved in attempting to enforce the HBC fur-trading monopoly. However, because he lacked a military force, his results were unsuccessful.
Christie's marriage to Anne Thomas, daughter of Thomas Thomas, Sr., was confirmed by the Church of England on February 10, 1835. Two of Christie’s sons, Alexander and William Joseph, and a grandson, Alexander, entered the Hudson's Bay Company's service. His son-in-law, John Black was a chief trader at Red River. He died in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1872.

</doc>
<doc id="20870946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870946" title="Will Foley">
Will Foley

William Brown Foley (November 15, 1855 – November 12, 1916) was a Major League Baseball third baseman. He played all or part of seven seasons in the majors, playing for five different teams in three different leagues. His career began in the National Association in with the Chicago White Stockings, and ended in the Union Association in with the Chicago Browns/Pittsburgh Stogies. From until , he was the starting third baseman for the Cincinnati Reds and Milwaukee Grays.

</doc>
<doc id="20870955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870955" title="McGibbon">
McGibbon

McGibbon is a surname of Scottish origin. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20870960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870960" title="Manel Esparbé i Gasca">
Manel Esparbé i Gasca

Manel Esparbé i Gasca (1959, Barcelona) is a painter, curator and teacher who has studied at the AKI in Enschede and joined the program of "De Ateliers" and exhibited in institutions and galleries in Belgium, China, Germany, Italy, Lebanon, the Netherlands, Scotland, Spain, Syria and the U.S.A.
At the moment he is head and teacher at DOGtime department of Gerrit Rietveld Academy, Amsterdam, the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20870981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870981" title="Nesolagus">
Nesolagus

Nesolagus is a genus of rabbits containing three species of striped rabbit, the Annamite Striped Rabbit, the Sumatran Striped Rabbit, and that of the extinct species ""sinensis"". Overall there is very little known about the genus as a whole, most information coming from the Sumatran Rabbit.
Species.
Genus "Nesolagus" includes three species:
Behavior.
Due to the small number of individuals, and because of the rare sightings of this genus, there is not much information available on its behavior. One thing that we do know however, is that the Sumatran Rabbit is nocturnal and hides out in burrows which it does not make itself and does not really like to go out looking for food for itself in places that are too far from its home.
Description.
Descriptions of the species are partly based on images made by camera traps; for the Sumatran Striped Rabbit the cameras were set in the montane forests of Sumatra, while the Annamite Striped rabbit was seen in the Annamite mountain range of Laos and Vietnam. Both species of striped rabbit have seven brown or black stripes and a red rump and white underside. They are the only species of rabbits to have stripes. They are relatively small with a length of about 368–417 mm, with a tail of about 17 mm and ears about 43–45 mm long. Thus the ears of "Nesolagus" are only about half as long as in most rabbits, e.g. in the genus "Lepus". Their fur is soft and dense, overlaid by longer, harsher hairs.
Distribution.
Striped rabbits are found in only two locations. The Sumatran Striped Rabbit has been found in the Barisan Mountains in western Sumatra, Indonesia, and the Annamite Striped Rabbit has been found in the Annamite mountains on the border between Vietnam and Laos. The fossils (parts of the left mandible with several teeth) of the extinct "Nesolagus sinensis" were found in Chongzou Ecological Park in the Guangnxi Zhuang region of southwest China.

</doc>
<doc id="20870982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870982" title="Ten Technologies to Fix Energy and Climate">
Ten Technologies to Fix Energy and Climate

Ten Technologies to Fix Energy and Climate (second edition, 2009) or Ten Technologies to Save the Planet (first edition, 2008) is a popular science book by Chris Goodall first published in 2008 and re-issued in 2009 by Profile Books. Its ten chapters each detail a technology that has the potential to reduce Greenhouse Gases while being economically and technologically viable in the present or near future. The book received a positive critical response for the way in which it was written and dealt with the issues surrounding Global Warming.
Overview.
The book is divided into ten chapters which deal with a different technology (although there was some contention, as raised by the author, with the 'Soils and Forests' Chapter). Typically every chapter covers the advantages, disadvantages and viability (economically and technologically) of the technology.
With regards to wind power, Goodall argues that since the technology to utilise wind efficiently exists currently and there are sufficient sites to supply the world's energy demands ("72 terawatts - around thirty times the world's electricity requirements"), the main obstacle is reliability.
Efficiency of current photovoltaic panels (typically 10%) and the cost (of silicon) are identified as the only remaining problems in rolling out large solar powerplants in places such as North Africa, the Sahara Desert and California, Goodall concludes in the solar energy chapter.
Goodall identifies the Pentland Firth as one of twenty global sites that promise 'enormous potential' with tidal-stream power. Cited as the main reason for continued failure to harness the Ocean's 'enormous untapped potential' is a lack of funding, driven by competition in R&D and a lack of interest; although Goodall is optimistic and admits there have been improvements.
Efficient fuel cells applied to domestic homes, the author suggests, may be capable of simultaneously providing hot water, heating and profiting the owner with exports to the local grid. Also discussed are district heating plants, which are widespread in Denmark, able to provide heat to towns and produce electricity.
The Introduction explains how the author came to write about the subject. A section called 'Putting it all Together' looks at if the aforementioned ten technologies have the combined potential to 'save the planet'. Finally the Epilogue reveals the reasoning behind why some technologies (e.g. nuclear energy) are not included and may not work.
Critical reception.
"Ten Technologies to Save the Planet" has received a positive critical response; Mark Lynas, an environmentalist and author of "", said ""Ten Technologies" is superb - it cuts like lightning through the myths and muddled thinking surrounding energy issues. It is vital, topical and brilliantly written." BBC Green, said the book was "Rewarding and essential, "Ten Technologies" combines rigorous research and an accessible tone."
The review on REUK.co.uk said "Covering so many of the technologies which are likely to shape the world over the next 10-20 years, this book is "essential reading"."

</doc>
<doc id="20870986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20870986" title="Catherine Philp">
Catherine Philp

Catherine Philp is a foreign correspondent for "The Times". She has specialised in conflict, with ten years spent based overseas, covering wars including Afghanistan, Iraq, East Timor, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Cambodia, Indonesia, Darfur, Congo and Zimbabwe. She is currently based in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20871017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871017" title="United States Ambassador to Hungary">
United States Ambassador to Hungary

This is a list of ambassadors of the United States to Hungary
Until 1867 Hungary had been part of the Austrian Empire, when the empire became Austria-Hungary. Hungary had no separate diplomatic relations with other nations. The United States had diplomatic relations with the empire and Austria-Hungary through the legation in Vienna.
The empire was dissolved following World War I, and the United States established separate diplomatic relations with Austria and Hungary in 1921, reopening the embassy in Vienna and establishing a legation in Budapest. Ulysses Grant-Smith opened the U.S. legation on December 26, 1921 and remained the chief of mission as "chargé d'affaires" until an ambassador was commissioned the following year.
For ambassadors to Austria-Hungary prior to the dissolution of the empire, see United States Ambassador to Austria.
The United States Embassy in Hungary is located on Szabadság tér (Liberty Square) in the Pest part of Budapest.

</doc>
<doc id="20871021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871021" title="Teddy Andrulewicz">
Teddy Andrulewicz

Theodore Stanislaus "Teddy" Andrulewicz (January 1, 1905January 3, 1996) was an American football fullback/halfback who played for Newark Tornadoes in National Football League. He played college football at Villanova University, participating in 11 regular season games over 1 season in 1930. He had one receiving touchdown.
Early and Family History.
Teddy Andrulewicz was born in Mount Carmel, Pennsylvania to Thomas and Scholastica Pozniak Andrulewicz. Incidentally, he may have been related to Antoni Pozniak, a soldier in Soviet Russia, through both of his parents. His dad's relative was Bronislawa "Bernice" Bronislawa Pozniak née Andrulewiczówna, who perished in the Holocaust, and she was married to Bronislaw Pozniak (Whether Bronislaw and Scholastica were related is unknown.).
Personal and Family Life.
He married Mary Wasilewski, with whom he had daughters and three sons: Marylou (married name "Menniti") and Judith (married name "Massey"); Edward (who was the choreographer "Thomas Andrew" and was born as Edward Thomas Andrulewicz), William F.(USAF, A2C) and Theodore, Jr..
According to a Wasilewski nephew of Teddy, "He was more familiarly known as "Tufky Andrulevich."." The nephew continued, "He was a teacher for many years at Mt. Carmel High School and was a well-known coach of their baseball team. He was also a fixture at the Mt. Carmel Elks Lodge.
"Tufky loved to sit on the front porch of his home at 42 West Second St and tell war stories usually involving his nephew "Jack Washleski", who was a tail gunner on a B26 Marauder and flew many of the historic missions in the MTO/ETO during WWII...
"Tufky's signature pastime was chewing tobacco and drinking beer—Elephant Butts and F&S, to be more precise."
The same nephew would later go on to comment, "Those of us who knew him loved him beyond belief. Tufky was a man's man and at the same time a gentle Ben. This nephew remembers with fondness all he taught me about life during the summers I spenwhile vacationing at his home." He did not comment on whether Teddy's favor for Jack (Technical Sergeant John Paul Washleski, USAF)was partly affected by the fact that his son William had served in the Korean War. He also did not mention whether he knew that his cousins Jacob Androlowicz (Jacob Andralowitz) and Private Edward "Ed" L., Staff Sergeant Joseph "Suzy" P., Sr.; and Private First Class Bernard "Bernie" S. Czarnecki (who were all sons of Alexandria Alice Czarnecki)—among other family members—had served in World War Two.

</doc>
<doc id="20871022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871022" title="Madison Rayne">
Madison Rayne

Ashley Nichole Cabot (née Simmons, born February 5, 1986) is an American professional wrestler who is currently working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) as Madison Rayne. She is the current TNA Women's Knockout Champion in her record tying 5th reign and a two-time TNA Knockouts Tag Team Champion.
Simmons began her wrestling career on the independent circuit wrestling under the monikers Ashley Lane and Lexi Lane. She joined the all-female promotion Shimmer Women Athletes in 2007, where she was one half of the first-ever Shimmer Tag Team Champions with partner Nevaeh. In 2009, she joined TNA, aligning herself with Angelina Love and Velvet Sky as part of The Beautiful People. In March 2010, she, along Lacey Von Erich and Velvet Sky won the TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship, with the three defending the title under the Freebird rule. In April 2010 at Lockdown, she won her first TNA Women's Knockout Championship, a title she has held a record tying 5 times. In addition, she was the first Knockout to hold both titles simultaneously, She also made appearances in Wrestlicious as Amber Lively.
Early life.
Simmons grew up in West Lafayette, Ohio, with her two older brothers. During high school, Simmons was the Homecoming Queen and a varsity cheerleader, and she ran track and was a member of the drama club, as well.
After high school, Simmons began training for fitness competitions, although she never entered any. Initially she studied Radiology at college part-time while working on the independent circuit. She left college to pursue a wrestling career. At the time she left school, Simmons had a 4.0 GPA.
Professional wrestling career.
Training (2005).
Simmons first got her start in professional wrestling shortly after graduating from high school. She saw a poster for a local independent promotion, contacted the promoter, and began training a short time later under the name Lexi Lane. After completing her training under Jeff Cannon, she started her wrestling career in the state of Ohio. Her first match was in her former high school and was refereed by female wrestler Ivory. In October 2006, she competed in World Xtreme Wrestling's Elite 8 Tournament. In Ohio, Lane wrestled Nevaeh in several promotions as part of a scripted rivalry between the two.
Ohio Championship Wrestling (2005–2009).
Lane made her debut for Ohio Championship Wrestling (OCW) on March 13, 2005 event in Coshocton, Ohio, where she teamed up with trainer Jeff Cannon in a losing effort to Cruz Sangria and Jayme Braxton in a mixed-tag-team match. The following month, Lane made her singles debut defeated Jayme Braxton with Ivory as the special guest referee. At the June 18, 2005 event, Lane defeated Brian Biggs in an intergender singles match. The following month, Lane competed against Jayme Braxton losing to here twice. At the OCW event on August 13, Lane teamed up with Scotty Sabre in a winning effort defeating Jayme Braxton and Matt Masonalso in a mixed-tag-team match. At the tapings of "OCW" on November 12, Lane defeated Hailey Hatred in a singles match. At the tapings of "OCW" on February 11, Lane competed against Shantelle Taylor in a winning effort. A the March 11 taping of a "OCW" event, Lane unsuccessfully challenged Shark Boy for the OCW Cruiserweight Championship in a Five way match which was won by Vic Montana. On the May 12 and 13 tapings of "OCW", Lane competed against Heather Owens in a losing effort.
Lane entered a feud with Jessicka Havock on the June 10 tapings of "OCW", after Lane defeated Jessicka Havock by disqualification. On the October 7 and 8 tapings of "OCW", Lane defeated Havock in singles matches. On November 11 tapings of "OCW" event, Lane teamed up with Traci Brooks in a winning effort defeating Havock and ODB in a tag-team match. At the OCW "Stairway to Stardom" event on January 13, 2007, Lane competed against Havock in a singles match which ended in a no-contest.
At the March 13 "OCW Ladies Night" event, Lane defeated ODB in finals of the tournament to become the promotion's first ever OCW Women's Champion. At the April 27 "OCW" event, Lane made her first title defense against Sassy Stephie. The following month, Lane made another title defense against Stephie in a winning effort. At the OCW "Fan Appreciation Night", Lane successfully defended her title against Angle Dust. On the August 25 taping of "OCW", Lane succussfully retained her title against Stephie and Dust in a triple-treat match. The following month, Lane teamed up with Nevaeh in a losing effort to the tream of Stephie and Dust in a tag-team match. On the November 24 tapings of "OCW", Lane dropped the Women's Championship to Nevaeh. Lane regained it in May 2008, and lost it to Sara Del Rey in February 2009.
Independent circuit (2006–2009).
Lane made her debut for Mad-Pro Wrestling (MPW) on the March 2, 2006 at the "MPW Crowning A Champion" event in Chillicothe, Ohio, where she accompied Lotus where he competed in the MPW Heavyweight Championship tournament. Later that event, Lane made her in-ring debut competing against Portia Perez. At the "MPW One Year Anniversary" event on May 25, Lane fought Naveah to a no-contest in a dark match. Lane made her debut for Far North Wrestling (FNW) on July 15, 2006 event in Kittaning, Pennsylvania, where she defeated Jessicka Havok. At the "MPW No Escape" event on July 22, Lane competed in a fatal-four way match against Neveah, Portia Perez and Daizee Haze which was won by Perez.
Lane made her debut for New Era Pro Wrestling (NWPW) on the December 2, 2006 at the NEPW "Hostile Holidays" event, where she competed against Havock in a winning effort. Lane made her debut for Cleveland All-Pro Wrestling (CAPW) at the "St. Valentine's Day Mat Massacre" event on February 11, 2007, where she was defeated by Lorelei Lee in a triple-treat match also involving Havock. On the March 10, 2007 CAPW eventm Lane teamed up with Portia Perez in a losing effort to the team of Hailey Hatred and Havock in a tag-team match. At the "CAPW April Armageddon" event, Lane competed against Havock in a losing effort.
Lane made her debut for PRIME Wrestling (PWO) on November 27, 2007 at the "PWO Television episode 5", where she defeated Sassy Stephie. Lane made her return on the May 24, 2008 episode of "PWO Television episode 15", where she defeated Hobo Joe in a singles match. On the June 21 episode of "PWO Television episode 18", Lane teamed up with Josh Prohibition in a winning effort defeating Jimmy DeMarco and Marion Fontaine in a mixed-tag-team match.
Shimmer Women Athletes (2007–2009, 2011).
On October 13, 2007, she made her debut in Shimmer Women Athletes as Ashley Lane. On the taping of "Volume 15" of their DVD series, she teamed with Lorelei Lee in a losing effort to Portia Perez and Nicole Matthews. On the tapings of "Volume 16", Lane made her in-ring debut against Alexa Thatcher in a losing effort.
Lane then began teaming with Nevaeh, and they made their team debut in losing to The Experience (Lexie Fyfe and Malia Hosaka) on the "Volume 17" taping, then scoring a win against The Minnesota Homewrecking Crew (Lacey and Rain) on "Volume 18". On the tapings of "Volume 19", Lane competed in a battle royal, which was won by Jetta. Later that tapings, Lane teamed up with Nevaeh where they beat the duo of Veronika Vice and Cat Power, and then lost to The International Home Wrecking Crew (Rain and Jetta) on "Volume 20". On October 19, Lane and Nevaeh emerged victorious from a six-team tag team gauntlet match to crown the first Shimmer Tag Team Champions. Later in the evening, they successfully defended the belts against the Canadian NINJAs (Portia Perez and Nicole Matthews). On the tapings of "Volume 23", Lane and Neveah successfully defended their titles against The International Home Wrecking Crew (Rain and Jetta) in a two out of three falls match. At the tapings of "Volume 25", Lane and Neveah successfully defented their title against Amazing Kong and Sara Del Ray. At "Volume 26" on May 3, 2009, Lane and Nevaeh lost the Shimmer Tag Team Championship to the NINJAs.
At the tapings of "Volume 27", Lane teamed up with Naveah in a losing effort to the team of Melanie Cruise and Wesna Busic in a tag-team match. At the tapings of "Volume 28", Lane and Naveah defeated the team of Kacey Diamond and Sassy Stephie. Because of agreement with Shimmer Women Athletes and Ring of Honor, Lane made her debut for Shimmer's sister promotion Ring of Honor on April 19, 2008, where she competed in a Four Corner Survival match against Daizee Haze, Lacey, and MsChif won by MsChif. Lane made a second appearance at "Southern Hostility" pay-per-view on December 6 in a match against Haze, Sara Del Rey, and Serena Deeb. Lane left ROH after debuted in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) as Madison Rayne on the January 8 episode of "TNA Impact!".
On October 1, 2011, Lane returned to Shimmer as fan favorite, calling out former partner Nevaeh for turning on MsChif and Jessie McKay during a tag team match. Nevaeh in turn claimed that Lane had turned her back on Shimmer by leaving the promotion in 2009, which led to a brawl between the two. Later in the same event, Nevaeh defeated Lane in her return match. At the tapings of "Volume 44", Lane teamed with Mia Yim in a losing effort against the team of Nevaeh and Sassy Stephie.
Wrestlicious (2009–2010).
In 2009, Lane took part in the first season tapings of Wrestlicious, which began airing on television in March 2010. In the promotion, she played in the role of "Cheerleader" Amber Lively. She debuted in the third episode of "Takedown" (aired on March 17), teaming with Lacey Von Erich and winning by disqualification against the team of Draculetta and White Magic. On the April 7 episode of "Takedown", Lively participated in a "Hoedown Trowdown" battle royal to determine the top two contenders for the Wrestlicious Championship, but fail to advance.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
The Beautiful People (2009–2010).
Lane debuted in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) as Madison Rayne on the January 8 episode of "TNA Impact!", where she was defeated by Awesome Kong. She returned on the February 12 episode of "Impact!" in a TNA Knockouts Gauntlet match, and was one of the finalists, but was eliminated by Sojo Bolt. The following week, she began her first storyline by slapping and walking out on her tag team partner Taylor Wilde in a match against The Beautiful People (Angelina Love and Velvet Sky), turning heel in the process. On the March 5 episode of "Impact!", Rayne aligned herself with The Beautiful People after assisting them in winning a four-way tag team match. At Destination X in March, Rayne made her pay-per-view debut, teaming with Love and Sky against The Governor, Wilde and Roxxi in a losing effort.
Rayne's hazing continued after The Beautiful People won an "Impact!" tag team match against Kong and Saeed, after which Rayne tried to cut the braided hair of the Knockout Champion Kong. With Sky in her corner, Angelina Love faced Kong and perennial nemesis Taylor Wilde in a three-way cage match for the Knockout Championship at Lockdown. Love narrowly escaped a somersault leg drop from Kong, and as she was recovering Love pushed her towards the cage while Sky pulled her frayed hair through the holes in the cage and tied her to it. With Kong unable to move from the cage, Wilde dove onto Love with a cross body press and legitimately knocked her unconscious with her knee. As she recovered, Wilde attacked Kong, allowing Love to roll-up Wilde for the pin and win the Knockout Championship. The following week on "Impact!", Mi Pi Sexy had a celebration with male dancers and named Madison Rayne an official member of the Beautiful People. However the celebration was cut short by Kong. Kong continued her attack on Mi Pi Sexy and proved her dominance by making her way through Rayne, Sky and Kip, who Love brought back to stop her, in stretcher matches on the following weeks of "Impact!".
At Hard Justice in August, Rayne cost Love her Knockout Title when her interference in the match backfired. On the following episode of "Impact!", Rayne was scheduled to face Love in a match, but before it started, Love attacked her from behind. After Love had pinned Rayne, Sky showed up holding a brown paper bag and put it on Rayne's head to humiliate her. Rayne was then saved by Tara and Christy Hemme. On the September 10 episode of "Impact!", Rayne and partner Roxxi lost to The Beautiful People in a match that was part of a tournament to crown the inaugural Knockouts Tag Team Champions. following week, Rayne, after helping Love and Sky advance to the finals of the tournament, was welcomed back into The Beautiful People. At No Surrender Rayne replaced Love, who had been released from her contract, due to visa issues, prior to the event, and teamed up with Sky in the tournament finals, where they were defeated by the team of Sarita and Taylor Wilde.
On the October 1 episode of "Impact!", The Beautiful People apologized to the TNA fans and Knockouts for their behavior, blaming their past actions on Love. They invited the Knockouts Tag Team Champions, Wilde and Sarita, down to the ring to prove their apology was genuine and expressed their desire for a competitive match at Bound for Glory. The Beautiful People shook their hands, but then attacked them. As they began to lose the advantage in the assault, Lacey Von Erich debuted and took out Wilde and Sarita. The three then posed in the ring, welcoming Von Erich into The Beautiful People. Rayne gained her first victory in TNA on the October 8 episode of "Impact!" by scoring the deciding fall in an eight-Knockout elimination match where she, Sky, Alissa Flash and Traci Brooks defeated Sarita, Taylor Wilde, Hamada and Christy Hemme after the interfence from Von Erich.
The three then won their first match as a team, defeating ODB, Tara and Kong, but was unsuccessful in their Knockout's Tag Team title rematch at Bound For Glory. On the October 22 episode of "Impact!", The Beautiful People began appearing in backstage segments they dubbed as their reality show "The Meanest Girls", an allusion to the 2004 teen comedy "Mean Girls". In the pilot episode, The Beautiful People attacked Wilde and Sarita at catering, and engaged in a food fight with The Beautiful People coming out on top. In the sequel, which aired on the November 5 edition of "Impact!", the Beautiful People attacked ODB, setting up a six knockout tag team match at Turning Point for both the Women's Knockout Championship and the Knockouts Tag Team Championship. At the Pay-Per-View the Beautiful People were unsuccessful, as ODB pinned Rayne to win the match for the reigning champions. Around this time they also began using a new weapon named Lacey's Ugly Stick, a pink baton used to attack opponents.
Love returned to the company on the January 14, 2010, episode of "Impact!", but instead of re-joining The Beautiful People, she attacked them. Several weeks later on March 8, Rayne and Sky defeated the teams of Love and Tara and Sarita and Wilde in a three-way match to win the vacant Knockouts Tag Team Championship. Under the Freebird rule, all three members of The Beautiful People were considered champions, and any combination of two members could defend the title. At Lockdown in April, Rayne and Sky partnered against Tara and Angelina Love in a tag team steel cage match, during which Rayne pinned Tara to win Love's title. With the win, she became the first person to hold both Knockout Championships simultaneously. The following month at Sacrifice, Rayne defeated Tara in a Title vs. Career match, causing Tara to retire from TNA and ending the storyline rivalry between Tara and The Beautiful People. At Slammiversary VIII Rayne retained her title against Roxxi in another Title vs. Career match.
The Queen Bee (2010–2013).
On July 11 at the Victory Road pay-per-view, Rayne lost the Women's Knockout Championship to Angelina Love in another Title vs. Career match via disqualification due to outside interference from a person incognito in a motorcycle helmet. Prior to the match it was announced that the title would change hands via disqualification, if either Velvet Sky or Lacey Von Erich interfered in the match. However, the title was returned to Rayne on the July 22 episode of "Impact!", when it was declared that there was no proof that the person who had interfered in the match was either Sky or Von Erich, making Rayne a two-time Women's Knockout Champion. After weeks of arguing amongst each other over Rayne's recent attitude, the Beautiful People agreed to a truce on the July 29 episode of "Impact!". However, on the following episode of "Impact!", Rayne and the mystery woman inadvertently cost Sky and Von Erich the TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship in a match against Hamada and Taylor Wilde, when their interference backfired. The following week Rayne lost the Women's Knockout Championship to Angelina Love, after a distraction caused by Velvet Sky attacking the mystery woman. Rayne received her rematch for the title on the following week's episode of "Impact!", but was again defeated by Love, after an interference from Velvet Sky, who accompanied Love to the ring. After the match Rayne and the mystery woman beat down Love and Sky. Rayne's mysterious ally was finally unmasked as Tara on the September 2 episode of "Impact!", when the two of them defeated the reunited Beautiful People in a tag team match. At the No Surrender pay-per-view, Rayne was defeated by Velvet Sky in a singles match. On the September 16 episode of "Impact!" Rayne and Tara turned on Lacey Von Erich, after she and Rayne failed to regain the TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship from Hamada and Wilde. Von Erich was then saved by Love and Sky, who took her back into the Beautiful People. On the September 30 episode of "Impact!" Rayne signed a waiver to allow Tara to return to the ring, after losing a Title vs. Career match, which was supposed to end her TNA career.
Rayne attempted to regain the Women's Knockout Championship in a Four Corners match with Love, Sky and Tara on October 10 at the Bound for Glory pay-per-view, but was unsuccessful, when Tara pinned Sky to win the title. After the match the outraged Rayne went after special referee Mickie James, but ended up being laid out by her. At the following day's tapings of the October 14 episode of "Impact!", Tara laid down for Rayne and let her pin her to win the championship back, making her a three-time Women's Knockout Champion On the December 16 episode of "Impact!", Rayne and Tara defeated Mickie James and Miss Tessmacher to advance to the finals of a tournament for the vacated TNA Knockouts Tag Team Championship. The following week they were defeated in the finals by the team of Angelina Love and Winter.
On January 9, 2011, at the Genesis pay-per-view, Rayne successfully defended the Women's Knockout Championship against Mickie James, following interference from Tara. Later that same month, Rayne debuted a new gimmick of a beauty queen and dubbed herself the "Queen Bee of the Knockouts". Around this time she also began using a loaded glove as her signature weapon to knock out her opponents. The following month at the Against All Odds pay-per-view, Rayne again successfully defended her title against James, this time in a Last Knockout Standing match, after another interference by Tara. Afterwards Rayne, claiming to now be done with James, announced the beginning of an open challenge series intended to find her new opponents, and, as part of it, successfully defended the Women's Knockout Championship against former knockouts ODB, Roxxi and Alissa Flash. On the March 17 episode of "Impact!", Rayne was challenged to a one last title match by Mickie James, which she accepted with the added stipulation that should James fail to beat her, she would have her hair shaved off. On April 8, Rayne became the longest reigning TNA Women's Knockout Champion in history by breaking the previous record of 178 days, set by Awesome Kong. On April 17, at the Lockdown pay-per-view, Rayne lost the Women's Knockout Championship to Mickie James in a steel cage Title vs. Hair match, ending her reign at 188 days.
During the past months, Tara had begun feeling uncomfortable over the brutality of Rayne's attacks towards James and when Rayne asked for a rematch for the Women's Knockout Championship, James agreed to give her one on the condition that should she be unable to regain the title, Tara would be released from her exclusive contract with Rayne. On May 15, at the Sacrifice pay-per-view, Rayne failed in her attempt to regain the Women's Knockout Championship, when Tara turned on her.
Rayne attacked Tara on the June 9 episode of "Impact Wrestling", costing her and Mickie James their tag team match against Angelina Love and Winter. The two faced each other in a singles match on the July 14 episode of "Impact Wrestling", where Tara was victorious after distracting Rayne with her tarantula Poison. Rayne returned on the September 29 episode of "Impact Wrestling", defeating Tara to earn a shot at the Women's Knockout Championship at Bound for Glory. On October 16 at the Bound for Glory pay-per-view, Rayne was defeated by Velvet Sky in the four-way title match, which also included Mickie James and Winter. On the following episode of "Impact Wrestling", Rayne aligned herself with Gail Kim and the Vice President of the Knockouts Division, Karen Jarrett. On the November 3 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Rayne and Kim defeated Brooke Tessmacher and Tara to win the Knockouts Tag Team Championship. The following week they made their first title defense, defeating Mickie James and Velvet Sky. On December 11 at the Final Resolution pay-per-view, Rayne caused a distraction during a Women's Knockout Championship match between Gail Kim and Mickie James, costing James the title. After Karen Jarrett was, in storyline, fired from TNA on the December 15 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Rayne took over her role as the Vice President of the Knockouts Division, until Sting revoked her power on December 29 episode of "Impact Wrestling". Later that same night, Rayne interfered in the main event between Gail Kim and Mickie James, once again costing James the Women's Knockout Championship. On the January 5 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Rayne and Kim retained their tag team title against James and Traci Brooks. On the January 19 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Rayne was defeated by James in a steel cage match. After walking out on Gail Kim at the Against All Odds pay-per-view, Rayne became the number one contender to her TNA Women's Knockout Championship by winning a battle royal on the February 16 episode of "Impact Wrestling". In the following weeks, tension between Rayne and Kim began to be teased with the two negatively interfering in each other's matches. On the March 8 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Kim and Rayne lost the Knockouts Tag Team Championship to Eric Young and ODB. On March 18 at the Victory Road pay-per-view, Rayne failed to capture the Women's Knockout Championship from Kim. On the March 29 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Kim and Rayne reconciled and remained together as a team.
The July 5 episode of "Impact Wrestling" saw the culmination of a several month long storyline, when Rayne revealed referee Earl Hebner as her secret crush. On the August 2 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Hebner helped Rayne win a four-way match over Gail Kim, Mickie James and Tara to become the number one contender to the Women's Knockout Championship. On August 12 at the Hardcore Justice pay-per-view, Hebner helped Rayne defeat Miss Tessmacher to win the Women's Knockout Championship for the fourth time. Rayne lost the title back to Tessmacher on the following episode of "Impact Wrestling" in a match refereed by the debuting Taryn Terrell.
Rayne returned to TNA on the November 15 episode of "Impact Wrestling", where competed in a Knockouts battle royal to become the number one contender to the Women's Knockouts Championship but failed to win after being eliminated by ODB. Rayne faced off against the returning Velvet Sky on the December 13 episode of "Impact Wrestling", where she was defeated by Sky. On March 17, 2013, Rayne made an appearance at TNA's Knockouts Knockdown pay-per-view to congratulate and crown her former tag team partner Gail Kim who was named ""Queen of TNA"". Since then, Rayne stopped appearing due to a maternity leave. On July 3, Rayne announced on Twitter that her contract with TNA had expired.
Feud with Gail Kim (2013–present).
Rayne made her return on the December 12 episode of "Impact Wrestling", saving ODB, who was attacked by Lei'D Tapa and her former partner, the Knockouts Champion Gail Kim, establishing herself as a face in the process. Rayne made her in-ring return on the December 19 episode of "Impact Wrestling", when she teaming with ODB and defated Lei'D Tapa and Gail Kim, after Rayne pinned Kim. On the January 2, 2014 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Rayne defeated Kim in an open challenge match, thus earning a match for the TNA Women's Knockout Championship. On January 16 at the "Impact Wrestling:Genesis" special episode, Rayne defeated Kim to win the Women's Knockout Championship for a record-tying fifth time. On the January 30 episode of "Impact Wrestling", The Beautiful People reunited when Rayne teamed with Velvet Sky in a tag team match, which they won against Kim and Tapa. The rivalry between Kim and Rayne continued as the two competed in a street fight on the February 20 episode of "Impact Wrestling", which Kim would win after a distraction by Lei'D Tapa. The following week on the February 27 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Rayne once again reunited with Sky in a tag team match against Tapa and Alpha Female, which they would lose when Tapa pinned Rayne. On March 2, both Rayne and Gail Kim were part of a group of TNA wrestlers that took part in Wrestle-1's event in Tokyo, Japan. During the event, Kim defeated Rayne in a non-title match.
Other promotions (2010–2013).
Rayne made her debut for Remix Pro Wrestling (RPW) on April 24, 2010 at the "Remix Pro Throw Down For The Pound 2" event in Marietta, Ohio, where she defeated Neveah and Sojournor Bolt in a triple-treat match. Rayne made her debut for Purks International Championship Wrestling (PICW) on August 10 event in Cedartown, Georgia, where she defeated Tracy Taylor. On April 2, 2011 at the "Remix Pro Throw Down-Hoedown For The Pound 3" event in Marietta, Ohio, where she defeated "The Queen of Wrestling" Sara Del Rey in a singles match.
Rayne made her debut for Family Wrestling Entertainment (FWE) at the "FWE Fallout" pay-per-view, where she was defeated by Tara with Christy Hemme as the special guest referee. Since 2011, Rayne has been wrestling for Family Wrestling Entertainment (FWE). On September 22, 2012, Rayne made her debut for Northeast Wrestling, teaming up with Rosita to defeat The Beautiful People (Angelina Love and Velvet Sky) in a tag team match. Rayne made her debut for National Wrestling Superstars (NWS) on December 12, 2012 at the "NWS Jingle Brawl", where she along with Danny Demanto accompied Nikki Addams to the ring where she competed against Nikki Richardson. Later that event, Rayne teamed up with Demanto in a losing effort to Chris D'Andrea and Rosita in a mixed-tag-team match. The following night, Rayne teamed up with Demanto in a winning effort defeating D'Andrea and Rosita in a rematch.
Personal life.
Simmons married Jesse Cabot on February 8, 2011. On March 17, 2013, she announced her pregnancy, and her first child, a girl named Charley, was born on August 29.
Championships and accomplishments.
1Rayne defended the title with either Von Erich or Sky under the Freebird Rule.

</doc>
<doc id="20871028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871028" title="Circulation (architecture)">
Circulation (architecture)

In the field of architecture, circulation refers to the way people move through and interact with a building. In public buildings, circulation is of high importance; for example, in buildings such as museums, it is key to have a floor plan that allows continuous movement while minimizing the necessity to retrace one's steps, allowing a visitor to see each work in a sequential, natural fashion. Structures such as elevators, escalators, and staircases are often referred to as circulation elements, as they are positioned and designed to optimize the flow of people through a building.

</doc>
<doc id="20871032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871032" title="Jack Ainslie">
Jack Ainslie

John Bernard Ainslie OBE (2 August 1921 – 5 January 2007), known as Jack Ainslie, was a Wiltshire farmer and Liberal politician, Chairman of Wiltshire County Council from 1986 to 1990.
Early life.
Born at Stanmore, Middlesex, on 2 August 1921, the son of Charles Bernard Ainslie MC (1879–1937) and his wife Eileen Holloway (d. 1962), Ainslie was educated at Harrow and Trinity College, Oxford, where he matriculated in 1947. His arrival at Oxford was delayed by his service in the British Army during the Second World War, and he was commissioned into the Royal Berkshire Regiment as a second lieutenant on 9 July 1942.
Ainslie's father was one of the ten children of William George Ainslie MP JP (1832–1893), himself one of the five children of Montague Ainslie JP DL (1792–1884), of Bengal in India and of Grizedale, Lancashire. William George Ainslie had been member of parliament (Conservative) for North Lonsdale in Lancashire from 1885 to 1892.
Career.
Ainslie's main career was as an arable, dairy and sheep farmer at Home Farm, Mildenhall, Wiltshire. In politics he was a socialist when he left school, and commented in 1985 "I voted Labour in 1945 and got disillusioned with the party by the end of the 1940s". In the 1950s he became a radical Liberal of the age inspired by Jo Grimond, and he was passionate about European unity, state education, and world development.
In 1962, with the support of others, Ainslie re-formed the moribund Devizes Constituency Liberal Association and established the Thrifty Orange, in Marlborough, an early charity shop, to raise funds for it.
In 1964, he was first elected to Wiltshire County Council, and he continued to represent his rural area at that level for nearly thirty years, until 1993. Although during those years the county was predominantly Conservative, while Ainslie was an outspoken Liberal, he served as chairman of the county's Education Committee from 1973 until 1977.
He stood unsuccessfully for Parliament in Devizes at the 1974 and 1979, and when in 1982 the SDP-Liberal Alliance agreed a division of UK constituencies between its two parties, it was a blow that he had to surrender Devizes to the SDP. Ainslie was a member of the local Alliance negotiating committee for Gloucestershire and Wiltshire, and he gave up his own position in Devizes to allow a younger Liberal to contest Stroud. However, he remained a strong supporter of the Alliance and later of the new Liberal Democrat Party.
In 1979, he contested the first direct elections to the European Parliament as a Liberal and in 1984 fought a strong SDP-Liberal Alliance campaign for the Wiltshire Euro-constituency, gaining over 60,000 votes. This campaign helped the Alliance to succeed at the county elections of 1985, when its members found themselves forming the largest group and Ainslie became Chairman of the County Council, a post he held until 1989. During the same period, he was simultaneously chairman of the county council's Policy (later Policy and Resources) Committee, which made him the "de facto" Leader of the council, as well.
In 1990, Ainslie became the chairman of 'Action for the River Kennet' (ARK), a group which campaigned against pollution and excessive water abstraction.
After he died at Mildenhall on 5 January 2007, Sara Morrison, a former vice-chairman of the Conservative Party, said that it was "the end of an era... when we took our public duties and responsibilities very seriously", and the Labour peer Lord Faulkner of Worcester described him as "...a representative of the old school of parliamentary candidates in country areas; urbane, intelligent, knowledgeable on rural matters, a gentleman". Roger de Vere, Ainslie's successor as chairman of ARK, said "He was a great leader and a great man."
In June 2007, former Liberal Democrat party leader Charles Kennedy MP proposed the establishment of an annual countryside lecture as part of Ainslie's legacy.
Family.
On 21 April 1951, Ainslie married Shelagh Lilian Forbes, and they had one son and three daughters. Their children were Andrew John, Sarah, Serena and Teresa.
Their son, Andrew Ainslie, took over the family farm.

</doc>
<doc id="20871033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871033" title="Alfred Großrock">
Alfred Großrock

Alfred Großrock was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant), in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. That award recognizes extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Alfred Grossrock was born on 2 January 1918 in Ludwigsburg.
He volunteered to join the SS in November 1936 (SS number 285.640) and later joined the NSDAP in May 1937.
In October 1938 he participated in the occupation of the Sudetenland.
He was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in June 1940 during the Battle of France and the 1st class award during Operation Barbarossa the invasion of the Soviet Union when with the 2nd SS Division "Das Reich".
His award of the German Cross in Gold came in June 1943 when serving with the 2nd SS Sturmgeschütz Battalion, "Das Reich".
Grossrock was selected to become an officer and promoted to Untersturmführer in November 1943, he was then posted to the 5th SS Panzer Division "Wiking" as a platoon commander in the 6th Company, 5th SS Panzer Regiment.
Grossrock was awarded the Knight's Cross in August 1944, for his actions during the Battle of Kowel in the Ukraine, when he destroyed 26 T-34 tanks. His tank crew all received the Iron Cross 1st or 2nd class.
He was promoted to Obersturmführer in January 1945, but he did not survive the war; it's believed he died in Soviet captivity on 5 April 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20871034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871034" title="Lincolnshire Management">
Lincolnshire Management

Lincolnshire Management is a private equity firm focused on investments and acquisitions in middle-market companies across a range of industries. In 2010, Private Equity News ranked Lincolnshire as a top ten performing private equity firm. Additionally, In 2011, CNN Money /Fortune Magazine ranked Lincolnshire Management as the 5th ranked private equity firm.
The firm, which is based in New York City, was founded in 1986 by Frank Wright and Steven Kumble
Prior to founding Lincolnshire, Wright had spent the previous 31 years at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company, where he ran the special finance division, which handled financing for leveraged buyouts in the early 1980s. After Wright's death in 1992, James Tozer was named president and chief executive and was succeeded in 1998 by T.J. Maloney. In 2005, Kumble left the firm to found Corinthian Capital.
The firm has raised approximately $1.7 billion and completed more than 55 investments since inception across four private equity funds. Lincolnshire did not raise its first institutional private equity fund until 1994 when it raised $120 million of commitments. In 2008, Lincolnshire completed fundraising for its fourth private equity fund with $835 million of investor commitments, in excess of its original target and nearly twice the size of its $433 million third fund in 2005.
Among the firm's most notable investments include Riddell, Prince Sports, and American Coach Lines. In August 2009 Lincolnshire invested in Wabash National Corporation, a manufacturer of flat-bed trailers, which had previously acquired Transcraft, a Lincolnshire portfolio company. Credentials 

</doc>
<doc id="20871037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871037" title="Herbert Hutner">
Herbert Hutner

Herbert Loeb Hutner (December 21, 1908 – December 7, 2008) was an American private investment banker and attorney, and the fourth husband of Zsa Zsa Gabor.
Biography.
Born in New York City, Hutner started his career in the Stock Market, and served as the president of several manufacturing firms. He married Gabor on November 5, 1962. They divorced on March 3, 1966. He married starlet Juli Reding on her 33rd birthday, November 28, 1969. They remained together until his death.
He was chairman of the President's Advisory Committee on the Arts from 1982 to 1990, serving under Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush.
Hutner died in December of 2008, two weeks before his 100th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="20871069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871069" title="St Olave's Church, Southwark">
St Olave's Church, Southwark

St Olave's Church, Southwark was a church in Southwark, England which is believed to be mentioned in the Domesday Book. It was located on Tooley Street which is named after the church, ie 't'olous'. It became redundant in 1926 and was demolished. It is now the location of St Olaf House, which houses part of the London Bridge Hospital.
Dedication.
The church was dedicated to Olav Haraldsson, an early King of Norway, who attempted to convert his people to Christianity and was martyred in 1030. Before this, in 1014, he was a prince and an ‘ally’ (i.e. mercenary) of King Ethelred the Unready, fighting the Danes. While they were occupying the wooden London Bridge, Olav is said to have tied his long-boats to the bridge supports and pulled it down. The church’s probable beginning is as a private chapel of Godwin, Earl of Wessex from at least 1018, and his Southwark interest was probably contemporary to this. He would probably have known Olav personally, so the dedication was quite apposite.
Whatever the veracity of the story of London Bridge, Olav became a popular saint in England, and five churches in the City of London were dedicated to him, apart from the church at Southwark. 
Domesday Book.
St Olave’s is presumed to be the church mentioned in the Southwark Domesday Book entry, from which it appears that it had royal patronage before the Norman Conquest of England in 1066. 
The Domesday entry for Southwark has the following three statements relating to the interests of Odo, Bishop of Bayeux and Earl of Kent:
Bishop Odo, William the Conqueror’s half-brother who seems to have succeeded to the Godwin interest, had attempted to let out the church but he should have sought the king’s authority to do so. The earliest priests of the church were named Adelold (Athelwold) and then Ralph before 1086. The church is first mentioned by name in 1096 in relation to its priest ‘Peter de St Olavo’ being party to a land transaction involving Bermondsey Priory.
Early Medieval Period.
Sometime between 1090 and 1121 the Warennes (successors to Odo) had given the church and neighbouring property to Lewes Priory. Although situated next to the old London Bridge, its parish took in the north-east end of the High Street and stretched out along to the east and to the south where it was limited by Bermondsey parish.
The Norman stone church, which replaced a Saxon structure which may have been built of timber, was so close to the river that when a terrible flood affected the banks of the Thames in 1327 it was reported that the water had damaged the church walls and washed away bodies from the churchyard.
Stuart and Georgian era.
Part of the Norman building collapsed through a combination of age, neglect, and river subsidence, in 1736. By 1740 this had been replaced by a new church designed by Henry Flitcroft, which in turn was severely damaged in a major fire in Tooley Street in 1843.
Henry Gauntlett was the church's organist from 1827 to 1846 and during those years designed a grand new organ which replaced an older one.
The civil parishes of Southwark St Olave, Southwark St John Horsleydown, and Southwark St Thomas, were administered by the St Olave District Board of Works from 1855. The parish also gave its name to the "St Olave's Poor Law Union" which included the parishes of Bermondsey and Rotherhithe, and in 1900 this combination became the Metropolitan Borough of Bermondsey.
Depopulation of the parish, redundancy and demolition of the church.
The church was restored and was very much a Docklands church, but as the industrial expansion of the area led to population decline, so the church became less used. In 1926 it was declared redundant and the nave was demolished, leaving a forlorn tower, removed in 1928, when its capping turret was relocated to Tanner Street Park, Southwark, where it was converted into a drinking fountain. This still stands in the Park and in 1998 was designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed structure.
The site of the church was sold and redeveloped with an Art Deco office building which became the headquarters of the Hay’s Wharf Company. This still stands on Lower Tooley Street and is now called St Olaf’s House; it bears a plaque giving information on the demolished St Olave's Church and its patron saint.
Legacy.
The parish church was the originator of St Olave's Grammar School for boys, in 1896 renamed the St Olave's and St Saviour's Grammar School, and from 1902 its foundation also funded the St Saviour's and St Olave's Church of England School for girls. A separate St Olave's Foundation Fund still supports local youth's educational and vocational aspirations through grants.
The St Olave's United Charities parochial foundation, based in nearby Druid Street, is one of the best endowed of the Southwark parish charities, providing for local poor and elderly. The endowment was supplemented until the mid-1990s by a 'parish rate' over the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20871081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871081" title="Hitler's private library">
Hitler's private library

Hitler's private library was Adolf Hitler's private collection of books, excluding books he purchased for the German state library.
History.
The first description of his private collection was published in 1942. Hitler's private books that were kept in the Reich Chancellery in Berlin were confiscated by the Soviets and sent to Moscow. Books in Munich and Berchtesgaden (as well as Hitler's Globe from Berchtesgaden) were taken as war booty by individual American soldiers. 3,000 were later discovered in a Berchtesgaden salt mine, and they were taken by the Library of Congress. They are now in a special locked room in the Library of Congress where they can be accessed five at a time and read in the rare book reading room. Eighty books that belonged to Hitler were identified in the basement of Brown University.

</doc>
<doc id="20871084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871084" title="Philip C. Hayden">
Philip C. Hayden

Philip C. Hayden (1854–1925) was the primary force in organizing the Music Supervisors National Conference, later the Music Educators National Conference (). He was appointed the first supervisor of music in Quincy, Illinois in 1888. In 1900 the administration decided that a capitol fund was necessary and eliminated the music supervisor position in the system. For this reason he moved to Keokuk, Iowa to take the position of music supervisor. Hayden founded "The School Music Monthly" in 1900. In 1904, it became the official publication of National Education Association's Department of Music Education. The periodical was dedicated to a broad spectrum of issues dealing with public school music education. Hayden was editor of this publication for many years and was a frequent contributor.
The Beginnings of the MSNC.
The beginning of the MENC was an invitation by Hayden to come together in Keokuk and observe his work there. The invitation resulted from the cancellation of the 1906 meeting of the National Education Association because of the San Francisco earthquake. The second meeting of the new group was held in Indianapolis in 1909, but a constitution was not adopted until 1910 in Cincinnati, where the group officially became the Music Supervisors National Conference. The appearance of the organization at a time when it could contribute to the expansion of American society in the second and third decades of the twentieth century was due to the foresight of P.C. Hayden.

</doc>
<doc id="20871085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871085" title="Grade I listed buildings in Staffordshire">
Grade I listed buildings in Staffordshire

There are over 6000 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Staffordshire, by district.

</doc>
<doc id="20871088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871088" title="Ten pennies">
Ten pennies

Ten Pennies is a multi-player, multi-round Rummy-style card game involving
money with possible origins in Chicago. The major features different from most Rummy-style games are the limited purchasing (ten) of additional cards and the winner wins all the money used in the game. The rules and strategy are simple enough for all ages to play while still exciting and challenging for an adults only game. Playing with money is not required and anything such as chips or toothpicks may be used.
Setup.
Each player prepares a stack of ten pennies and places it on the table in front of them. These ten pennies must be kept separated from any other money on the table. This stack of ten pennies is referred to as their "buy" stack of pennies. The players then have an additional amount of money in front of them on the table consisting of all pennies, or any combination of pennies, nickels, dimes or quarters. This additional amount of money, while usually around two dollars, can be added to at any time and only needs to be sufficient enough to complete the game. This additional money is used to pay for cards "caught" in a player's hand at the end of each round.
A small bowl is needed to collect all pennies and money used in the game. A scorepad is also needed to keep track of penalty points accumulated by each player during the game.
The deck.
Ten Pennies is played with multiple 54-card decks of playing cards (standard 52-card decks plus jokers). Typically, the game is played with one deck for every two players (i.e. 8 players use 4 decks). If there are an odd number of players, it is better to round up (i.e. 7 players use 4 decks). Deuces (2s), Aces and Jokers are wild depending on the round being played.
Dealing and cutting.
Dealership rotates clockwise from round to round. Other people can help shuffle the cards if there are too many for one person to do it adequately. The dealer of the first round is determined by every player drawing a card from the deck. Highest card deals with Jokers being the highest card. If two or more people match the highest card, those people will continue drawing until a dealer is chosen. The dealer deals eleven cards to each player. After all the players' hands have been dealt, another card (the upcard) is placed face-up in a central location known as the discard pile or buy pile. The remainder of the pack is placed face-down and is called the deck or down pile.
Play.
The person to the left of the dealer plays first. This player has the option of picking up the face-up card in the discard pile. If the player does not want the face-up card, the player indicates this by announcing to the other people that he/she does not want the At this point, the person immediately to the left of the player has the option to "buy" the card. If this person chooses to buy the card, they must use one of their ten pennies from their buy stack and put the penny into the money bowl. After picking up the face-up card, the buyer must also pick up two more cards from the deck.
The buyer cannot lay down any cards picked up until it is their turn. If the first person to the left of the player does not want to buy the face-up card, they must verbally declare to the other people that they don't want the card whereby the option goes to the next person to the left. The option goes around the table until either a person buys the card or nobody wants it. If the card is bought, or if the option expires, play resumes with the player. Note: Once a card in the discard pile has been passed over by all players, it cannot then be picked up by the player whose turn it is nor purchased in the future. The player then picks up the top card from the deck. Upon picking up either the discard card or the top card of the pile, the player attempts to satisfy the first down requirements of the round.
First-down requirements of each round.
A "set" is a group of cards of the same value (i.e. all 8s) or a combination of same valued cards and wild cards as defined by the round. A set may consist of all wild cards or combinations of the same wild cards and other wild cards as long as the requirements of the round are satisfied.
If a player whose turn it is has the first-down requirement set of the round, the player has the option of laying down the first requirement set or passing. The player may not lay down any cards until it is their turn and they have first laid down the first-down requirement set. After that, the player has the option of continuing to lay down cards in sets of three or more using no more than one wild card per set of three, although three wild cards or two wild cards and a different wild card may be laid down. Once the player has laid down sets of cards, the player has the option of laying down an unlimited number of wild cards on any set thereby exhausting all wild cards in their hand if they so choose.
The player can also lay down any card that can play in any other player's sets. If all cards in the player's hand can either be played or played leaving one discard card, the player then has "gone out" and wins the round. If, however, the player reaches a point where no other cards can be laid down, the player discards one card face up on the discard pile and the turn passes to the next player to the left.
Scoring of the round and paying penalties.
Once a player goes out, the remaining players add up points of cards they were caught with in their hands. The card values are as follows:
The amount of points each player was stuck with is tallied on the scorepad. In addition, each player counts the number of cards in their hand and puts a penny into the money bowl for each card in their hand.
Strategy.
Strategy centers on the purchasing of cards using the ten pennies. Purchasing of cards is
limited so the timing and reason for purchase must be carefully considered. The reasons for purchasing a card may be:
There are several different strategies concerning timing of purchases:
Successful strategy balances both timing and reasons for purchase.
Winning.
At the completion of the seventh round, all scores are tallied and the player with the lowest score wins the game and all the money in the money bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="20871099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871099" title="Caravan to Midnight">
Caravan to Midnight

Caravan to Midnight is the sixth studio album by Robin Trower. The album cover art is by Hipgnosis.
Track listing.
All tracks by James Dewar and Robin Trower except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="20871100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871100" title="USS Montgomery (1776)">
USS Montgomery (1776)

USS "Montgomery" was a three-masted, wooden-hulled sailing frigate and one of the first 13 ships authorized by the Continental Congress on 13 December 1775. She was built by Lancaster Burling at Poughkeepsie, N.Y.; launched late in October 1776; but, because of the British capture of New York City during the Battle of Brooklyn and the closing of the Hudson River, was never completely finished and was later destroyed.
Probably build to Joshua Humphreys's standard design for the 24-gun frigates for a vessel 120' 6" (g.d) x 32' 6" x 10' 6" (h) mounting 24 x 9-pounder guns.
History.
The "Montgomery" was named in honor of fallen general Richard Montgomery who at the commencement of the American Revolution was a British soldier who had sided with the Americans, later commissioned brigadier general by George Washington in the fall of 1775. Montgomery was later killed by British artillery during the failed assault on Quebec, 31 December 1775. To prevent its capture and use by the British the frigate was burned on 6 October 1777.

</doc>
<doc id="20871106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871106" title="Pseudorandom generators for polynomials">
Pseudorandom generators for polynomials

In theoretical computer science, a pseudorandom generator for low-degree polynomials is an efficient procedure that maps a short truly random seed to a longer pseudorandom string in such a way that low-degree polynomials cannot distinguish the output distribution of the generator from the truly random distribution. That is, evaluating any low-degree polynomial at a point determined by the pseudorandom string is statistically close to evaluating the same polynomial at a point that is chosen uniformly at random.
Pseudorandom generators for low-degree polynomials are a particular instance of pseudorandom generators for statistical tests, where the statistical tests considered are evaluations of low-degree polynomials.
Definition.
A pseudorandom generator formula_1 for polynomials of degree formula_2 over a finite field formula_3 is an efficient procedure that maps a sequence of formula_4 field elements to a sequence of formula_5 field elements such that any formula_5-variate polynomial over formula_3 of degree formula_2 is fooled by the output distribution of formula_9.
In other words, for every such polynomial formula_10, the statistical distance between the distributions formula_11 and formula_12 is at most a small formula_13, where formula_14 is the uniform distribution over formula_15.
Construction.
The case formula_16 corresponds to pseudorandom generators for linear functions and is solved by small-bias generators.
For example, the construction of achieves a seed length of formula_17, which is optimal up to constant factors.
The analysis of gives a seed length of formula_22.

</doc>
<doc id="20871114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871114" title="The Best of The Call">
The Best of The Call

The Best of The Call is a compilation album released by American rock band The Call. The album was released in the United States on July 8, 1997 by WEA (Now Warner Music Group), the music arm of Warner Bros.. The album includes songs spanning the group’s career, as well as two new tracks and solo tracks from Been.

</doc>
<doc id="20871122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871122" title="1995 Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft season">
1995 Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft season

The 1995 Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft season was the twelfth season of Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft motor racing. It featured the twelfth Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft (German Touring Car Championship) series and the first International Touring Car Series, both open to FIA Class 1 Touring Cars. The two series were contested by the same cars, teams and drivers with Bernd Schneider winning both drivers titles and Mercedes-Benz winning both manufacturers awards.
Driver Standings/results.
Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft Championship.
Points system is as follows: 1st=20, 2nd=15, 3rd=12, 4th=10, 5th=8, 6th=6, 7th=4, 8th=3, 9th=2, 10th=1<br>
† Drivers did not finish the race, but were classified as they completed over 90% of the race distance.
International Touring Car Series.
Points system is as follows: 1st=20, 2nd=15, 3rd=12, 4th=10, 5th=8, 6th=6, 7th=4, 8th=3, 9th=2, 10th=1<br>
† Drivers did not finish the race, but were classified as they completed over 90% of the race distance.

</doc>
<doc id="20871136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871136" title="Don't Stop Me Now (disambiguation)">
Don't Stop Me Now (disambiguation)

"Don't Stop Me Now" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20871158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871158" title="María Cruz González">
María Cruz González

María Cruz González Álvarez (born May 23, 1971 in Madrid) is a former female field hockey player from Spain. She represented her native country at the 1996 Olympic Games. She played club hockey for Real Club de Campo in Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="20871159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871159" title="Billy Devaney">
Billy Devaney

William Joseph Peter Francis "Billy" Devaney (born March 7, 1955) is a professional American football analyst on ESPN. Prior to that Devaney was a football executive. He was the general manager for the St. Louis Rams of the National Football League from 2008 to 2011. He formerly was an assistant to the general manager with the Atlanta Falcons. He replaced the longtime Rams president of football operations, Jay Zygmunt, at the end of the 2008 season.
Devaney began his career serving as the director of pro personnel under Bobby Beathard during his time with the San Diego Chargers from 1990 to 2000. He also worked a brief stint with the San Francisco 49ers for three seasons. Devaney then worked with the CBS pregame show for two years. In 2006 Devaney began working as an assistant to Rich McKay, president and former general manager of the Atlanta Falcons from 2006 to early 2008. In February 2008 the St. Louis Rams hired him as vice president of pro personnel to help conduct their 2008 draft. He was promoted to general manager of the Rams on December 24, 2008. He made his first major hire as the Rams' general manager on January 17, 2009, when the Rams announced that Steve Spagnuolo would be its new head coach. Since the hiring he had revamped the entire front office of the Rams. He was fired at the end of the 2011 season after a 10-38 record as GM.
Devaney was raised in the Leonardo section of Middletown Township, New Jersey, and attended Mater Dei High School. He went on to attend Elon University.

</doc>
<doc id="20871172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871172" title="George Rowell (historian)">
George Rowell (historian)

George Rowell (died on 1 November 2001) was an eminent theatre historian, a lecturer and a foremost expert on 19th century. His specialisms included Victorian melodrama and the theatre of Henry Irving, W. S. Gilbert, Oscar Wilde and Arthur Wing Pinero.
Biography.
Rowell lectured in drama at Bristol University from around 1950, joining a fledgling department that consisted of Glynne Wickham, George W. Brandt and John Lavender. Bristol became the first British University to offer Drama as a degree subject—as distinct from English—when the visionary Vice-Chancellor, Sir Philip Morris, appointed Wickham (then 26) as the first junior academic in Drama in 1947. As part of this department—a team dubbed 'the four musketeers' by Wickham—Rowell played a key part in defining how drama would be taught as a discipline. They developed a distinctive conception of their subject now largely accepted: of drama as a 'laboratory' subject, involving practice as well as library study, and indeed by 1951 they had their own studio space—a converted squash court. In keeping with this ethos, Brandt did some acting and directed several television, radio and film as well as stage, productions; Rowell, in collaboration with Kenneth Mobbs of Bristol Opera House, adapted and revised W. S. Gilbert's farce "Engaged" (1877), converting it into a Comic Opera in 1962. The department can also lay claim to a piece of theatrical history; they hosted the premiere of Harold Pinter's first play, "The Room", in May 1957, performed in that former squash court of a theatre, The Drama Studio.
During his time at Bristol, Rowell became a world expert on Victorian theatre, in the process building up a personal collection on the subject (now part of the University's Theatre Collection, as well as the National Archives) and being appointed as Special Lecturer in drama. He published extensively upon his specialist area, as the bibliography below attests; of particular worth to students and scholars are his collections of dramatic texts, each meticulously contextualised and introduced. As well as collections of Arthur Wing Pinero and W. S. Gilbert's works, he compiled many rare and important plays and critical articles. His seminal compendium, "Nineteenth Century Plays" (1953), contains ten plays spanning 1829-90, juxtaposing 'blood and thunder' barnstormers like C.H. Hazlewood's "Lady Audley's Secret" (1863) and Leopold Lewis' "The Bells" (1871) with the social satire of Edward Bulwer-Lytton's "Money" (1840) and James Albery's "Two Roses" (1870). His volume of "Victorian Dramatic Criticism" (1971) contains a wealth of articles, essays and reviews on all aspects of nineteenth century theatre—pantomime, melodrama, Ibsen, the 1890s—including writings from luminaries such as William Hazlitt, Charles Lamb, William Archer, Henry James and George Bernard Shaw. Further works included a history of provincial theatres in Britain and a study of the Old Vic, London's last remaining Georgian theatre.
George Rowell died on 1 November 2001, leaving a widow, Nancy, who died in December 2004.
Works.
Rowell, G. (1953) "Nineteenth Century Plays". Oxford: The World's Classics.
Rowell, G. (1956) "The Victorian Theatre 1792-1914: A Survey". Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Rowell, G. & Mobbs, K. (1962) "Engaged! or Cheviot's Choice. A comic opera in three acts. Written by W. S. Gilbert". Chappell & Co.
Rowell, G. (ed.) (1968) "Late Victorian plays, 1890-1914 (World's Classics)". Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Rowell, G. (ed.) (1971) "Victorian Dramatic Criticism". London: Methuen & Co. Ltd.
Rowell, G. (ed.) (1972) "Nineteenth Century Plays". 2nd edn. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Rowell, G. (1978) "Queen Victoria goes to the Theatre". Elek Books Ltd.
Rowell, G. & Jackson, A. (1984) "The Repertory Movement: A History of Regional Theatre in Britain". Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Rowell, G. (1982) "Theatre in the Age of Irving (Drama and Theatre Studies)". Rowman & Littlefield Publishing Inc.
Rowell, G. (ed.) (1982) "Plays by W. S. Gilbert: The Palace of the Truth, Sweethearts, Princess Toto, Engaged, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern (British and American Playwrights)". Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Rowell, G. (ed.) (1986) "Plays by A. W. Pinero: The Schoolmistress, The Second Mrs Tanqueray, Trelawny of the 'Wells', The Thunderbolt (British and American Playwrights)". Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Rowell, G. (1987) "William Terriss and Richard Prince: Two Characters in an Adelphi Melodrama". Society for Theatre Research.
Rowell, G. (1989) 'The Drama of Wilde and Pinero' in Ford, B. (ed.) "The Later Victorian Age". Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Rowell, G. (1993) "The Old Vic Theatre: A History". Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="20871174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871174" title="Wasserhaus (Münchenstein)">
Wasserhaus (Münchenstein)

The residential estate Wasserhaus is in the sub-district "Neue Welt", Münchenstein, Basel-Country near Basel (Switzerland)
The German word "Siedlung" means settlement (housing development or residential area).
Geographical location.
The environmental area called the "Neue Welt" (new world) evolved in the 17th century as the industry started to establish itself around the upper end of the "St. Alban-Teich". This is an artificially constructed canal built during the 12th century to bring water (water power) to the industry in Basel. 
Later, during the years 1624/25, the canal was prolonged through Brüglingen towards the Birs waterfall in Münchenstein. From here the water is diverged to the canal. Here there is a small power station that has been built onto the waterfall. 
The residential estate Wasserhaus lies on the left bank of the river Birs, between the industrial area of the Neue Welt and the waterfall.
History.
Up until the end of the first world war the building of residential areas was confined to areas within the Basel city boundaries. Soon after the first world war, however, the suburban areas started being inhabited and expanded. It was during this period that large residential building blocks were erected in Basel's peripheries. These quarters were renowned for their high quality standards of residence, but also for their modest social attraction.
On the other hand experiments were made with generously arranged cooperative settlements, primarily terraced houses with individual gardens. The communal housing estate "Freidorf" in Muttenz and "Wasserhaus" in Münchenstein are two prime examples of this evolution. These estates were developed to enhance the social charm in the rural community.
The "Wasserhaus" residential area was built during the years 1920/21. The estate originated thanks to financial investments from the regional industry. In the beginning the industries themselves administrated the cooperative in the function of housing for their workers. Later the small residential cooperative progressed as an alternative to the public pension schemes. During the 1980s the private pension schemes expanded and the small cooperative was continually losing its financial advantages. Subsequently the houses were placed on the market and the cooperative folded.
Architecture.
The estate was developed by the Architect Wilhelm Eduard Brodtbeck (1873-1957) from Liestal (canton Baselland), concluding the plans drawn by Prof. Hans Benno Bernoulli (1876-1959).
Not only the funds and organisation originated from an innovative idea. The architecture was also revolutionary. Built on a vast unrestricted zone, far away from the town boundaries, the original project was foreseen for 100 residential terraced houses. These houses arranged uniformly distributed along two parallel streets in a north south axis. Each House with a small garden to the street and a spacious rear garden. It was also foreseen to have a, focal and social, centrally situated congregational building as main component. 
However, due to financial problems, only a part of the original plans (60 houses) were completed and this without the important central connecting elements. Nevertheless, because of the unique archetype nature and the prototypical neighbourhood, the Wasserhaus estate was taken up in the inventory of the valuable and worthy of protection place of interest. Inventar der schützenswerten Ortsbilder (ISOS) 
The original project had also foreseen a large gardening area. These garden plots were later used as building space. An extenstion was built onto the estate during the years 1995 to 98.

</doc>
