<doc id="20898602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898602" title="2009 Pittsburgh Steelers season">
2009 Pittsburgh Steelers season

The 2009 Pittsburgh Steelers season was the franchise's 77th season in the National Football League (NFL). They were coming off a season in which they compiled a 12–4 regular season record and capped the season by winning the franchise's record sixth Super Bowl. The team's coaching staff remained the same for the third consecutive year.
As the defending champions, the Steelers opened the season by hosting the NFL Kickoff Game on Thursday, September 10, 2009, which was an overtime victory against the Tennessee Titans. The team compiled a 6–2 record over the season's first half, but then began a five-game losing streak which included losses to all three division opponents. Three late wins led to a 9–7 record, but the team failed to qualify for the playoffs. This was the third straight time the team has missed the playoffs following a Super Bowl victory; 1980 and 2006 being the previous two.
Off season activity.
The front office's major goals coming into the off-season were to retain the bulk of the team's own free agents and to look to add talent primarily through the draft rather than free agent acquisitions. This has been the team's primary philosophy since Chuck Noll took over as head coach in 1969. The other major item on the team's agenda was to extend the contracts of a few of the players who were coming into the final year of their contracts – chief among these were linebacker and 2008 NFL Defensive Player of the Year, James Harrison, tight end Heath Miller, and tackle Max Starks.
Management completed the highest-priority item on its off-season checklist by reaching agreement with Harrison on a six year, $51.175 million contract, which includes $20 million in guaranteed money. The team was also successful in extending the contracts of Starks (four years, $26.3 million) and Miller (six years, $35.3 million) both of whom were potential free agents after the season. Additionally, contract extension were completed with receiver Hines Ward (five years, $22.1 million), guard Chris Kemoeatu (five years, $20 million), center Justin Hartwig (4 years, $10 million) and defensive end Brett Kiesel (5 years, $18.885 million).
The team's primary needs coming into the 2009 season were considered to be shoring up the offensive line and improving performance on special teams, primarily at kick returner. In addition, they were forced to address the loss through free agency of two key contributors: starting cornerback Bryant McFadden and number three wide receiver Nate Washington. The front office and coaching staff also had to focus on uncovering for eventual replacements for some aging cogs: defensive end Aaron Smith and cornerback Deshea Townsend, who were 33 and 34 respectively at the start of the season. ESPN's Matt Williamson ranked the team's pre-draft needs as (in order), defensive end, offensive tackle, wide receiver and cornerback.
Free agents signed.
"Players from the 2008 team who have signed new contracts with the Steelers:"
"Players not with the 2008 team who have been signed for 2009"
"Players who signed with the team in 2009, but did not make the 53-man roster"
Practice squad players.
"2008 practice squad players who made 2009 53-man roster:"
"2008 practice squad players who signed new reserve contracts, but didn't make final 53-man roster:"
2009 NFL Draft.
The 2009 NFL Draft was held on April 25 and 26, 2009, at Radio City Music Hall in New York City. In addition to their own draft picks, the team also had the Tampa Bay Buccaneers seventh-round selection (#226 overall) which they received in a trade prior to the 2008 season for offensive lineman Sean Mahan and a compensatory pick at the end of the 5th round.
During the draft, the Steelers traded their second-round (#64 overall) and fourth-round (#132) picks to the Denver Broncos in exchange for Denver's third-round (#79) and Chicago's third-round (#84) picks.
Schedule.
Preseason.
The Steelers opened their preseason schedule on August 13 with a re-match of Super Bowl XLIII against the Arizona Cardinals on Thursday Night Football.
Regular season.
The Steelers' opponents for the 2009 season are based on the NFL's predetermined scheduling formula. The combined 2008 record of the Steelers' 2009 opponents was 110–144–2 (.434 winning percentage). By this measure the Steelers have the fourth easiest schedule in the league – only the Packers, Vikings and Bears opponents have a worse cumulative 2008 winning percentage. It should be noted that the Packers, Vikings and Bears play two games each against the Lions, who finished 0–16 in 2008.
As the defending Super Bowl champion, the Steelers hosted the kickoff game for the 2009 season on Thursday, September 10, at 8:30 p.m. EDT. Their opponent for the kickoff game was the Tennessee Titans.
The Pittsburgh Steelers won the first game of the 2009 season in overtime over the Tennessee Titans on September 10, 2009 at 11:48 pm EST with a fieldgoal.
Standings.
The 2009 season was the Steelers' eighth as members of the AFC North Division. Pittsburgh attempted to defend their division title from the 2008 season, which they obtained by finishing with the division's best record.
Regular season results.
Week 1: vs. Tennessee Titans.
With their Super Bowl title to defend, the Steelers began their season at home in the annual kickoff game against the Tennessee Titans. After a scoreless first quarter, Pittsburgh would get their first score of the season as quarterback Ben Roethlisberger completed a 34-yard touchdown pass to Super Bowl XLIII MVP wide receiver Santonio Holmes near the end of the second quarter. The Titans would respond with quarterback Kerry Collins completing a 14-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Justin Gage. Just prior to halftime, pro-bowl safety Troy Polamalu went to the locker room after suffering a knee injury. He would not return to the field and it would later be revealed that he strained his MCL.
After a scoreless third quarter, Tennessee would take the lead in the fourth quarter as kicker Rob Bironas got a 45-yard field goal. Pittsburgh would tie the game as kicker Jeff Reed made a 32-yard field goal. With time running out, the Steelers drove down the field again, and lost the ball to a rare Hines Ward fumble, allowing the Titans to run the game into overtime.
In overtime, the Steelers won the cointoss and never relinquished the ball. In the end, Pittsburgh emerged victorious as Reed nailed the game-winning 33-yard field goal.
With the win, the Steelers began their season at 1–0.
This also marked the first time that the Steelers were able to win against Collins.
Week 2: at Chicago Bears.
Coming off their season-opening win over the Titans, the Steelers flew to Soldier Field for a Week 2 interconference duel with the Chicago Bears. In the first quarter, Pittsburgh struck first as quarterback Ben Roethlisberger completed a 1-yard touchdown pass to tight end Matt Spaeth. However, in the second quarter, the Bears answered with quarterback Jay Cutler completing a 6-yard touchdown pass to tight end Kellen Davis.
Pittsburgh would regain their lead in the third quarter as Roethlisberger got a 2-yard touchdown run, but in the fourth quarter, two missed field goals from kicker Jeff Reed would lead to Cutler's 7-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Johnny Knox and kicker Robbie Gould's 44-yard field goal.
With the loss, the Steelers fell to 1–1.
Week 3: at Cincinnati Bengals.
Following a tough road loss against the Bears, the Steelers flew to Paul Brown Stadium for a Week 3 AFC North duel with the Cincinnati Bengals. Pittsburgh would strike first in the first quarter with kicker Jeff Reed's 19-yard field goal and quarterback Ben Roethlisberger's 27-yard touchdown pass to running back Willie Parker. The Steelers would add onto their lead in the second quarter as Reed made a 34-yard field goal. The Bengals would close out the half with kicker Shayne Graham's 34-yard field goal.
Cincinnati would creep closer in the third quarter as cornerback Johnathan Joseph returned an interception 30 yards for a touchdown (with a failed PAT), yet Pittsburgh answered with Roethlisberger's 1-yard touchdown run. However, in the fourth quarter, the Bengals took the lead with running back Cedric Benson's 23-yard touchdown run (with a failed 2-point conversion) and quarterback Carson Palmer's 4-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Andre Caldwell (with a successful 2-point conversion pass to running back Brian Leonard). The Steelers tried to rally, but Roethlisberger's last-second hail mary pass was incomplete, preserving the defeat.
With the loss, Pittsburgh fell to 1–2 and 3rd place in the AFC North. This would also become the team's first 1–2 start since 2006.
Wide receiver Hines Ward (4 receptions, 82 yards) would become the 21st player in NFL history to surpass 800 career receptions and 10,000 receiving yards.
Week 4: vs. San Diego Chargers.
Hoping to snap a two-game losing skid, the Steelers went home, donned their throwback uniforms, and prepared for a Week 4 Sunday night duel with the San Diego Chargers. Pittsburgh got off to a fast start in the opening half with running back Rashard Mendenhall (filling in for the injured Willie Parker) helping out the cause on a 1-yard touchdown run in the first quarter, followed by quarterback Ben Roethlisberger's 19-yard touchdown pass to running back Mewelde Moore. The Steelers would carry their fast start into the second quarter as Mendenhall got a 2-yard touchdown run.
In the third quarter, Pittsburgh picked up where they left off with Roethlisberger completing a 6-yard touchdown pass to tight end Heath Miller. The Chargers would get on the board with quarterback Philip Rivers' 3-yard touchdown pass to tight end Antonio Gates. In the fourth quarter, San Diego began to play catch-up with a special teams play. Fullback Jacob Hester would strip return specialist Stefan Logan of the ball and go 41 yards for a touchdown. The Steelers came right back with a trick play, as Moore completed a 6-yard touchdown pass to Miller. However, the Chargers would slash away at the Steelers' lead with Rivers completing a 30-yard touchdown pass to Gates and a 13-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Chris Chambers. Pittsburgh would answer the call with kicker Jeff Reed booting a 46-yard field goal, followed by linebacker James Harrison causing a sack and a fumble. It would allow linebacker James Farrior to recover the fumble and secure the victory.
With the win, not only did the Steelers improve to 2–2, but they also extended their regular season home-game winning streak over San Diego to 13-straight.
Mendenhall would have a career night with 29 carries for 165 yards, in addition to his two rushing touchdowns.
Week 5: at Detroit Lions.
Following a close victory over the Chargers, the Steelers traveled to Ford Field for a Week 5 interconference duel with the 1–3 Detroit Lions. Despite the Lions getting the opening score of the first quarter with a 46-yard field goal from kicker Jason Hanson, Pittsburgh would answer with running back Rashard Mendenhall's 7-yard touchdown run. Afterwards, Detroit closed out the opening period with Hanson making another 46-yard field goal. In the second quarter, the Steelers would deliver a big strike with quarterback Ben Roethlisberger completing a 15-yard touchdown pass to tight end Heath Miller. Even though the Lions came right back with cornerback Williams James returning an interception 38 yards for a touchdown, Pittsburgh effectively replied with Roethlisberger's 17-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Hines Ward.
In the third quarter, the Steelers would add onto their lead as Roethlisberger threw to rookie wide receiver Mike Wallace on a 47-yard touchdown pass. Detroit tried to rally in the fourth quarter as quarterback Daunte Culpepper found wide receiver Dennis Northcutt on a 25-yard touchdown pass, but Pittsburgh's defense made a crucial stand with three-straight sacks (courtesy of linebacker LaMarr Woodley, cornerback William Gay, and linebacker Lawrence Timmons), followed by cornerback Ike Taylor swatting away the Lions' last hope from a hail-mary pass.
With the win, the Steelers improved to 3–2.
Week 6: vs. Cleveland Browns.
Coming off their road win over the Lions, the Steelers went home for a divisional match with the Cleveland Browns. After a scoreless first quarter, Pittsburgh came out striking in the second quarter as quarterback Ben Roethlisberger completed an 8-yard touchdown pass to tight end Heath Miller and a 52-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Hines Ward. The Browns immediately struck back as wide receiver Joshua Cribbs returned a kickoff 98 yards for a touchdown. Pittsburgh would close out the half with a 32-yard field goal from kicker Jeff Reed.
Cleveland tried to catch up as quarterback Derek Anderson completed a 1-yard touchdown pass to fullback Lawrence Vickers, yet the Steelers answered with a 2-yard touchdown run from running back Rashard Mendenhall. Pittsburgh would then close the game out in the fourth quarter with Reed kicking a 39-yard field goal.
With their 12th-straight win over the Browns, the Steelers improved to 4–2. With the Ravens' loss to the Vikings, and the Bengals' loss to the Texans that same week, the Steelers are now tied with the Bengals at the top of the AFC North.
Week 7: vs. Minnesota Vikings.
Coming off their divisional win over the Browns, the Steelers stayed at home for a Week 7 interconference duel with the 6–0 Minnesota Vikings. Pittsburgh got the game's opening score late in the first quarter with kicker Jeff Reed nailing a 39-yard field goal. The Vikings would answer in the second quarter with a 2-yard touchdown run from running back Adrian Peterson, yet the Steelers struck back with Ben Roethlisberger completing a 40-yard touchdown pass to rookie wide receiver Mike Wallace.
Both teams would swap field goals in the third quarter, with Reed booting a 27-yard field goal and Vikings kicker Ryan Longwell making an 18-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, Pittsburgh defense came up with a huge play as defensive end Brett Keisel forced a fumble off of Vikings quarterback Brett Favre, allowing linebacker LaMarr Woodley to return the fumble 77 yards for a touchdown. However, Minnesota immediately struck back as wide receiver Percy Harvin returned a kickoff 88 yards for a touchdown. The Steelers' defense came up big again as linebacker Keyaron Fox returned a Favre interception 82 yards for a touchdown.
With the win, Pittsburgh went into their bye week at 5–2 while Minnesota dropped to 6–1.
Week 9: at Denver Broncos.
Coming off their bye week, the Steelers flew to INVESCO Field at Mile High for a Week 9 Monday night duel with the Denver Broncos. Pittsburgh would trail in the first quarter as the Broncos closed out the game's opening drive with kicker Matt Prater booting a 40-yard field goal, yet the Steelers would answer in the second quarter as safety Tyrone Carter (who filled in for safety Ryan Clark) returned an interception 48 yards for a touchdown.
Denver would answer in the third quarter as quarterback Ben Roethlisberger was sacked by defensive end Kenny Peterson, which caused a fumble. The ball would be picked up by linebacker Robert Ayers and returned 54 yards for a touchdown. Afterwards, Pittsburgh would answer with Roethlisberger completing a 3-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Hines Ward. In the fourth quarter, the Steelers would pull away as Roethlisberger connected with rookie wide receiver Mike Wallace on a 25-yard touchdown pass, followed completing a 3-yard touchdown pass to Ward.
With the win, Pittsburgh improved to 6–2.
Week 10: vs. Cincinnati Bengals.
Coming off their impressive Monday night road win over the Broncos, the Steelers went home for a divisional rematch with the Cincinnati Bengals with first place in the division on the line.
In the first quarter, Pittsburgh would deliver the game's first strike with a 28-yard field goal from kicker Jeff Reed. However, the Bengals would immediately answer as running back Bernard Scott returned a kickoff 96 yards for a touchdown (with a failed PAT). The Steelers would regain the lead in the second quarter as Reed got a 33-yard and a 35-yard field goal.
Cincinnati would respond in the third quarter as kicker Shayne Graham made a 23-yard and a 32-yard field goal. Pittsburgh would tie the game in the fourth quarter with Reed nailing a 34-yard field goal. However, the Bengals would pull away as Graham booted a 32-yard and a 43-yard field goal.
With the loss, the Steelers fell to 6–3.
Week 11: at Kansas City Chiefs.
After the loss to the Bengals, the Pittsburgh Steelers journeyed to Arrowhead Stadium for a match with the Chiefs.
At the start of the first quarter Chiefs RB Jamaal Charles returned a kickoff from their own 3-yard line to the Steelers' endzone for a touchdown. In the second quarter Pittsburgh rallied as PK Jeff Reed made a 36-yard field goal, then QB Ben Roethlisberger made an 8-yard touchdown pass to WR Hines Ward, and then Roethlisberger passed to TE Heath Miller 10 yards for a touchdown.
In the third quarter the Chiefs tied the game when QB Matt Cassel made a 21-yard touchdown pass to TE Leonard Pope, and then kicker Ryan Succop made a 22-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter Pittsburgh took the lead as QB Ben Roethlisberger made an 8-yard touchdown pass to RB Rashard Mendenhall, until the Chiefs came back to tie the game as QB Matt Cassel made a two-yard touchdown pass to Jamaal Charles to put the game in overtime. Afterwards, it was Kansas City that took the win when kicker Ryan Succop made a 22-yard field goal.
With the overtime loss, the Steelers fell to 6–4.
Week 12: at Baltimore Ravens.
Following a shocking loss to the 3–7 Kansas City Chiefs the previous week, the Steelers traveled to M&T Bank Stadium for another divisional game. Ben Roethlisberger, who suffered a concussion in the previous week's overtime loss, was the designated 3rd (emergency) quarterback. Backup Charlie Batch also was hurt in that game, which left 2nd-year QB Dennis Dixon, who previously had one pass in his NFL career, to start.
The Steelers received the opening kickoff, but went three-and-out. On the ensuing possession, the Ravens drove down the field with ease, capping off their drive with a touchdown run by Willis McGahee. In the second quarter, Dixon hit WR Santonio Holmes on a play-action pass for a 33 yard TD, tying the game. The Ravens answered on the following drive, with a 52-yard strike from Joe Flacco to Mark Clayton, setting up a 10-yard touchdown pass to Derrick Mason.
In the third quarter, on the Ravens opening possession, Mark Clayton made a 9 yard reception but fumbled the ball and it was recovered by Tyrone Carter. The Steelers drove, but were held to a field goal by Jeff Reed. Later in the 4th quarter, Joe Flacco was sacked by Lawrence Timmons and fumbled the ball, recovered by the Steelers near midfield. The drive resulted in a 24 yard run on a QB option by Dixon, giving the Steelers their first lead of the night. On the Ravens next possession Joe Flacco completed a pass to Derrick Mason for 17 yards, and then found Ray Rice for a 44-yard reception, setting the Ravens up inside the Steeler 10 yard line with less than 2 minutes left. Billy Cundiff tied the game with a 24 yard field goal. On the following Steeler possession, Dennis Dixon was nearly intercepted by Lardarius Webb. The Steelers were forced to punt, giving the ball back to the Ravens with about 1:30 left in the game. The Ravens managed to drive to the Steeler 40 yard line, where their drive stalled. With the clock counting inside 10 seconds left and no timeouts, the field goal team managed to get into formation, and get the kick off. The 56 yard attempt by Billy Cundiff was dead center, but about 2 yards short, sending the game into overtime.
In overtime, the Steelers won the coin toss and got the ball, but were forced to punt. The Ravens, also forced to punt deep in their own territory, gave the ball to Pittsburgh around the Steeler 40 yard line. On a 3rd and 5, Dennis Dixon threw an interception to LB Paul Kruger, who returned the ball 26 yards to the Steeler 28 yard line. Already in field goal range, the Ravens ran the ball down to the Pittsburgh 11 yard line where Billy Cundiff made a 29 yard field goal to win the game.
With their second consecutive overtime loss, the Steelers fell to 6–5.
Week 13: vs. Oakland Raiders.
Coming off back-to-back losses in overtime, the Steelers looked to turn things around. With the return of Ben Roethlisberger to action, the Steelers hosted the 3–8 Oakland Raiders.
The Steelers would open with a 33-yard field goal by Jeff Reed. Oakland responded with a 48-yarder by Sebastian Janikowski, and both teams were tied 3–3 as the 2nd quarter began. Roethlisberger found Santonio Holmes for a 34-yard TD pass to begin the 2nd quarter. Oakland would put 3 points on the board after a 43-yard field goal halfway through the quarter, and the Steelers headed to Halftime with a 10–6 lead.
There followed a scoreless third quarter, and in the fourth Pittsburgh's defensive struggles were exploited by the Raiders, who were able to find the end zone three times. Bruce Gradkowski would find Chaz Schilens for a 17-yard TD pass with 8:21 remaining in the game, giving Oakland their first lead of the game, 13–10. Pittsburgh responded just one minute later with a 3-yard TD run by Rashard Mendenhall. But Oakland would not be stopped. Gradkowski hit Louis Murphy for a 75-yard TD pass with 5:28 remaining, and the Raiders went up 20–17. Roethlisberger would make an 11-yard TD pass to Hines Ward with 1:56 remaining and the Steelers would regain the lead 24–20. All that was needed was for the Steelers' defense to keep Oakland out of the end zone and they would win. But with nine seconds remaining, Gradkowski would once again find Louis Murphy open in the end zone for an 11-yard TD pass and the Raiders would win 27–24.
The game would mark the fifth time in six games that the Steelers suffered a 4th quarter collapse, and the second time in three weeks Pittsburgh had fallen to an opponent with a losing record. At the conclusion of the game, the Steelers had allowed seven plays of 40 yards or longer in their last four games (they only gave up two such plays in 2008).
With the loss, the Steelers fell to 6–6.
Week 14: at Cleveland Browns.
After losing four games in a row, the Steelers went to Cleveland for a Thursday Night divisional match.
In windy, below-freezing conditions, Browns kicker Phil Dawson hit a 29 yard field goal in the 1st quarter to give the Brown's an early 3–0 lead. He would kick another 29-yarder in the 2nd quarter, and Chris Jennings had a 10 yard touchdown run to put the Browns up 13–0. Jeff Reed kicked a field goal before the half to put the Steelers on the board. They would go into halftime down 13–3.
Jeff Reed would kick another field goal in the 3rd quarter to bring them within a touchdown. However, a scoreless 4th quarter by both teams led the Browns to their first win against the Steelers since 2003, becoming only the fourth team in NFL history to be at least 10 games under .500 and defeat the defending Super Bowl champions.
With the loss, the Steelers fell to 6–7. It was the first time since the 1987 New York Giants that a defending Super Bowl Champion team suffered five consecutive losses.
Week 15: vs. Green Bay Packers.
The Steelers would come into the game riding a five-game losing streak. They also no longer controlled their playoff destiny, needing to win their final three games of the season, and also losses by other AFC teams to have a chance for a wild card.
Pittsburgh would strike on their first play of the game when Ben Roethlisberger hit a wide-open Mike Wallace for a 60-yard TD pass. Green Bay would answer with an 83-yard strike from Aaron Rodgers to Greg Jennings for a TD. The Steelers would cap the 1st quarter with a 2-yard TD run by Rashard Mendenhall. In the 2nd quarter, QB Aaron Rodgers was able to scramble out of the pocket for a 14-yard TD run. Ben Roethlisberger would hit Mewelde Moore for a 10-yard TD pass in the final seconds of the 1st Half and the Steelers would take a 21–14 lead into halftime with them.
The 2nd half got off to a slow start for both teams. Jeff Reed would kick a 37-yard field goal, the only scoring of the 3rd quarter. In the 4th quarter, it became a shootout between both quarterbacks. Aaron Rodgers would hit Jermichael Finley for a 11-yard TD pass. The Steelers answered with a 34-yard field goal, but would lose the lead for the first time in the game when Ryan Grant rushed for a 24-yard score, putting Green Bay up 28–27. The Steelers would once again answer with a 43-yard field goal, but Aaron Rodgers would complete a 24-yard TD pass to James Jones and follow it with a successful 2-point conversion attempt. The Steelers, down 36–30, would get the ball back with just 2 minutes left in the game. With just 3 seconds remaining, Ben Roethlisberger would hit Mike Wallace in the left sideline of the endzone (in a TD pass that resembled the Super Bowl-winning catch by Santonio Holmes back in February) and the extra point was good, giving the Steelers a last-second 37–36 win over the Packers.
Ben Roethlisberger would finish with a record-setting game, going 29/46 for 503 yards and 3 TD passes. He would become the first quarterback in Steelers' franchise history to have a 500-yard game.
With the last second win, the Steelers would move to 7–7.
Week 16: vs. Baltimore Ravens.
Coming off an upset win over the Green Bay Packers, the Steelers hosted the Baltimore Ravens in their second matchup of the season. There was much at stake for, as the Ravens needed to win to get into the playoffs, and the Steelers needed to win in order to keep their faint playoff hopes alive as well.
Jeff Reed booted 26-yard and 39-yard field goals and Billy Cundiff kicked a 27-yarder to give the Steelers a 6–3 lead as they started the 2nd quarter. The Steelers offense would start rolling, scoring on a 4-yard run by Rashard Mendenhall. Joe Flacco responded with a 30-yard TD pass to Todd Heap. But in the final seconds of the first half, Ben Roethlisberger would find Santonio Holmes for a 24-yard TD pass, and the Steelers would carry a 20–10 lead with them into Halftime.
Baltimore would control the 3rd quarter. Flacco would hit Heaps for a seven-yard TD pass and Cundiff would kick a 35-yard field goal to tie the game. The fourth quarter saw both defenses step up. Jeff Reed would kick a 38-yard field goal with 5:25 remaining to give the Steelers a 23–20 lead. Baltimore had one more chance to score, but Rookie Defensive End Ziggy Hood would record his first career sack and then recover Flacco's fumble on 4th and 10 play from the Steeler's 39 with 2:27 remaining. An apparent interception thrown by Roethlisberger would be negated by an "illegal block in the back" penalty and the Steelers would run out the clock, securing the win.
The win not only prevented Baltimore from clinching a wild card, but kept Pittsburgh's playoff hopes alive as well. They would need to win at Miami in their season finale and also need other teams to lose.
With the win, the Steelers moved to 8–7.
Week 17: at Miami Dolphins.
The Steelers' defense came up big when they needed to, averting a fourth quarter collapse while sending two of Miami's quarterbacks to the sideline, including third-string Pat White, who was hit in the head and carried off the field in a stretcher.
In the first quarter, Ben Roethlisberger hit Santonio Holmes for a five-yard TD on their opening possession. Miami would respond quickly, when Chad Henne threw an 11-yard pass to Lex Hilliard. A few minutes later, Roethlisberger would find Mike Wallace wide open for a 54-yard TD. In the 2nd quarter, Miami's Dan Carpenter kicked a 25-yard field goal and Pittsburgh's Jeff Reed kicked a 22-yard field goal to give the Steelers a 17–10 Halftime lead.
The Steelers would put the only points on the board in the third quarter, scoring on a three-yard TD pass to Heath Miller. The Steelers would carry a 20–10 lead into the 4th quarter, but that would not be enough to allow them to play conservative. Following Reed's 21-yard field goal to start the final quarter, Miami would rally back with the help of fourth-string quarterback Tyler Thigpen. Brian Hartline rushed for a 16-yard TD run and Thigpen threw a 34-yard TD pass to Davone Bess. drawing the 'Fins back within a field goal of tying the game. Former Steelers linebacker Joey Porter recovered a fumble by Roethlisberger at the Steeler's 13-yard line with 6 minutes remaining, but Thigpen would be intercepted at the two-yard line. The Steelers would drive 83 yards in the final minutes, ending the game with a 33-yard field goal, ending the game with a 30–24 win.
The Steelers' win brought their season-ending winning record to 9–7. The injury-ridden Dolphins had been eliminated from post-season contention minutes earlier when the Texans defeated the Patriots (ensuring that the Dolphins would not play Super Bowl XLIV in their own home). For four hours, the Steelers waited for the Ravens-Raiders game to end, but Baltimore won and got the No. 6 AFC seed, thus preventing the Steelers from repeating their world title.
Post Season Summary.
The Pittsburgh Steelers battled many injuries throughout the year. Troy Polamalu only played in five games the entire season, Ben Roethlisberger missed a critical divisional game against the Ravens due to a concussion, Chris Kemoeatu missed 4 games, Travis Kirschke missed 5 games, and Aaron Smith missed 10 games.
There was some good to the Steelers 2009 season. They were able to beat four eventual playoff-bound teams; the Green Bay Packers, the Minnesota Vikings, the Baltimore Ravens, and the San Diego Chargers. The Steelers offense gained 369.2 yards a game (263.1 coming through the air, and 106.1 coming on the ground.) The Steelers defense only allowed their opponents to compile 305.5 average yards per game, and allowed only an average of 89.3 yards a game on the ground. Ben Roethlisberger was able to set team passing records in the following categories: completion percentage, completions, attempts, and yards. The Steelers defense compiled 47 sacks, and the team finished with 41 total touchdowns and 3 defensive touchdowns.
However, five of the Steelers seven losses came from blowing leads in the 4th quarter. Had they won those games, they would have finished with a 14–2 record. Five of their losses came consecutively, losing to the Bengals, Chiefs, Ravens, Raiders, and Browns. They finished 2–4 against teams with losing records. Pittsburgh’s special team was anything but special. They allowed eight straight kickoff/punt returns for Touchdowns. The Steelers also allowed for a 100-yard rusher in Week 16 against Baltimore (Ray Rice, 141-yards) snapping their 33-game streak of not allowing one.
Ben Roethlisberger was voted the team’s Most Valuable Player and Offensive Player of the Year. He was the first quarterback in Steelers’ Franchise history to throw for 4,000 yards in a season, throwing 26 touchdowns. Rookie of the Year honors went to receiver Mike Wallace, who had 39 receptions for 756-yards and 6 touchdowns. Rashard Mendenhall was awarded Most Improved Player, finishing with 1,108 yards rushing and 8 touchdowns. Defensive Player of the Year went to James Harrison, who finished the season with 79 tackles, 11 sacks, and 3 forced fumbles.
James Harrison and Casey Hampton were voted to the Pro Bowl, Harrison as a starter and Hampton as a reserve. Lamar Woodley and Heath Miller were added to the Pro Bowl roster as replacements for players who couldn't attend. Ben Roethlisberger, was the first alternate among AFC QBs, but due to a shoulder injury he turned down the opportunity to replace Tom Brady.
Lamar Woodley was named to the Associated Press (AP) All-Pro second team. James Harrison received the 5th most votes among outside linebackers in the AP balloting, leaving him just off the second team. However, it was later discovered that Brian Cushing of the Houston Texans, who was named to the AP's second-team at outside linebacker had tested positive for a banned drug during the season. The AP chose to re-open balloting and Harrison and Lance Briggs of the Chicago Bears leapfrogged Cushing and made the second-team. Other Steelers receiving AP All-pro votes were tackle Willie Colon (1 vote, thirteenth among offensive tackles), nose tackle Casey Hampton (1 vote, sixth among defensive tackles), tight end Heath Miller (1 vote, fifth among tight ends) and placekicker Jeff Reed (1 vote, fourth among kickers). Harrison was named a second team All-Pro by the Sporting News.

</doc>
<doc id="20898620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898620" title="Martin Teofilo Delgado">
Martin Teofilo Delgado

Martin Teofilo Delgado (1858–1918), was a Filipino military leader during the Philippine Revolution and the Philippine-American War, and was the first civilian governor of Iloilo Province during the American period, first appointed and then winning election in his own right.
Early life and education.
Martin Delgado was born on November 11, 1858 to Don Jacinto Delgado and Gabriella Bermejo in Santa Barbara, Iloilo, Philippines. He went to school at the Santa Barbara Parochial School and later at the St. Vincent Ferrer Seminary, then known as Seminario de San Vicente Ferrer, in Jaro and Ateneo Municipal in Manila.
Military and political career.
At the age of 25, he was appointed "teniente mayor" of his hometown and "capitan municipal"; positions under the Spanish colonial government in the Philippines. During this period, he was conferring in secret with other Visayan revolutionaries, in preparation for the liberation of the Philippines from Spanish rule.
On 28 October 1898, Delgado marched into Santa Barbara and took control of the municipal building. On that same day, simultaneously uprisings took place in towns across Iloilo. On 17 November 1898, Delgado was promoted to Lieutenant general. On 24 December 1898, the Spanish forces under the command of General Diego de los Rios evacuated Iloilo and the Filipino flag was raised on Christmas Day. On 28 December 1898, General Marcus P. Miller leading an American force arrived to conquer Panay. Assisted by warships from Admiral George Dewey's command, they lowered the Filipino flag and hoisted the American Stars & Stripes, signifying American control.
General Delgado encouraged the Filipino troops to revive their nationalist cause. As the military governor of the province and General-in-Chief of the army, he challenged the American forces led by General Hughes using guerrilla tactics. Eventually, leading citizens of Iloilo wrote a circular urging General Delgado to surrender for the benefit of "the victims of useless resistance."
On February 2, 1901 General Delgado formally surrendered in Jaro to the American military governor, Edmund Rice. Up to the time of his surrender, Delgado was the chief insurgent leader on the island of Panay. He was recognized by the Americans as "the ablest leader" on the island and appointed as the first Governor of Iloilo province upon the establishment of the civil government on 11 April 1901. 
On 3 March 1902, the first local election was held. He was elected governor of Panay and served until 1904. 
After his term, he returned to his hometown of Santa Barbara and served for eight years as superintendent of a leprosy sanitarium. 
He spent his last years as superintendent of the leper colony on the island of Culion where he died on 12 November 1918 at the age of 60. A statue was erected in his honor in the town square of Santa Barbara, Iloilo, in 1998 during the occasion of the Philippine Centennial celebrations.

</doc>
<doc id="20898630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898630" title="Halishahar Thana">
Halishahar Thana

Halishahar () is a Thana of Chittagong District in the Division of Chittagong, Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="20898670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898670" title="Henri Deutsch de la Meurthe">
Henri Deutsch de la Meurthe

Henri Deutsch de la Meurthe (1846–1919) was a successful French petroleum businessman (known as the "Oil King of Europe") and an avid supporter of early aviation. He sponsored a number of prizes to encourage the development of aviation technologies, including the "Grand Prix d'Aviation and the Deutsch de la Meurthe prize".
Biography.
The Deutsch de la Meurthe was a French family known for its wealth and patronage in technology and philanthropy, having helped develop the industrial oils industry in France. In 1845 Alexander Deutsch founded a company for the processing and marketing of vegetable oils in La Villette, then an independent commune of Paris. With the discovery of petroleum oil in Pennsylvania in 1859, Deutsch began to study and develop the use of petroleum oils in France. In 1877, Deutsch brought his two sons, Henri and Emile, into the family business, which bought a refinery in Rouen in 1881 and another in St. Loubès in Gironde in 1883. In 1889, in association with the Rothschild brothers, oil refining began in Spain. At this time Alexander added the "de la Meurthe" to the family name.
Henri recognized that the future of petroleum sales depended on the development of small internal-combustion engines, and so he promoted automobile development (he presented French President Marie François Sadi Carnot with an automobile) and also became interested in aviation. Along with Ernest Archdeacon and engineer Gustave Eiffel, he founded the "Aéro-Club de France" to promote the new technologies. In order to do this, he used some of his wealth to create a number of monetary prizes as incentives for aviators to achieve certain aviation milestones.
In 1906, Deutsch partnered with Wilbur Wright and Hart Berg to establish a company in France to supply a Wright aircraft to the French government. Deutsch financed the venture by buying the only block of shares to be sold in France, and used his influence with the French government. The effort fell through, however.
He supported the establishment at the initiative of Lazare Weiller, who bought the patents of the Wright brothers and organized demonstration flights piloted by Wilbur Wright in Le Mans which began on 8 August 1908. Deutsch de la Meurthe also invested in aircraft builders Société Astra (1909) and Nieuport (1911).
At the end of May 1909, Henri Deutsch de la Meurthe offered the University of Paris a sum of 500,000 francs and an annual pension of 15,000 francs for the creation and maintenance of the "Institute Aérotechnique" at Saint-Cyr-l'École, which would continue the theoretical research and development of air transport aircraft. It was later integrated into the Conservatoire National des Arts et Métiers.
Although an enthusiastic promoter of heavier-than air flight, De la Meurthe did not make his first flight in an airplane until May 1911, when he was taken for a flight in a Blériot monoplane piloted by Alfred Leblanc.
On 21 May 1911, Deutsch was injured and French Minister of War Maurice Berteaux was killed when a Train monoplane crashed at the beginning of the 1911 Paris to Madrid air race.
Henri Deutsch de la Meurthe was made Commander of the Legion of Honor on November 20, 1912.
Prizes.
"Deutsch de la Meurthe prize".
In April 1900, Henri offered the Deutsch de la Meurthe prize, also simply known as the Deutsch prize, of 100,000 francs to the first machine capable of flying a round trip from the Parc Saint Cloud to the Eiffel Tower in Paris and back in less than thirty minutes. The winner of the prize needed to maintain an average ground speed of at least to cover the round trip distance of in the allotted time. The prize was to be available from May 1, 1900 to October 1, 1903.
To win the prize, Alberto Santos-Dumont decided to build a balloon bigger than his earlier craft, the dirigible Number 5. On August 8, 1901 during one of his attempts, his dirigible lost hydrogen gas. It started to descend and was unable to clear the roof of the Trocadero Hotel. A large explosion was then heard. Santos-Dumont survived the explosion and was left hanging in a basket from the side of the hotel. With the help of the crowd he climbed to the roof without injury.
On October 19, 1901, after several attempts and trials, Santos-Dumont launched his "Number 6" airship at 2:30 pm. After only nine minutes of flight, Santos-Dumont had rounded the Eiffel Tower, but then suffered an engine failure. To restart the engine, he had to climb back over the gondola rail without a safety harness. The attempt was successful, and he crossed the finish line in 29 minutes 30 seconds. Deutsch de La Meurthe immediately congratulated Santos-Dumont, but quickly a controversy broke out around a last minute rule change regarding the precise timing of the flight, and the timekeeper announced that the flight had failed the time limits by 40 seconds.
There was much public outcry from the crowds watching the flight, as well as comment in the press, but initially the prize was not awarded. Finally, after two weeks of vacillating by the committee of officials, Santos-Dumont was awarded the prize as well as the prize money of 100,000 francs. In a charitable gesture, he gave half the prize to his crew and then donated the other half to the poor of Paris.
"Grand Prix d'Aviation".
In 1904, Deutsch de la Meurthe in collaboration with Ernest Archdeacon created the "Grand Prix d'Aviation" (also known as the "Deutsch-Archdeacon Prize"), a prize of 50,000 francs for the first person to fly a circular 1-kilometer course in a heavier-than-air craft. It was won on January 13, 1908 by Henry Farman flying a Voisin biplane at Issy-les-Moulineaux in a time of 1 minute 28 seconds, then a distance and speed record since the flights of the Wright Brothers had not been officially witnessed.
"Coupe Deutsch de la Meurthe".
This speed race was held intermittently from 1912-1936, with 20.000 francs offered first by Deutsch, later by the Aéro-Club de France.
See also.
Place des États-Unis

</doc>
<doc id="20898688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898688" title="Ian Hamilton (footballer born 1967)">
Ian Hamilton (footballer born 1967)

Ian Richard Hamilton (born 14 December 1967) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a midfielder between 1988 and 2002. Hamilton notably played for West Bromwich Albion and Scunthorpe United as well as having spells with Southampton, Cambridge United, Sheffield United, Grimsby Town, Notts County, Lincoln City and Woking.
Career.
Stevenage-born Hamilton started his career off with Southampton, joining "The Saints" as an associate schoolboy in January 1982. He signed as an apprentice in July 1984, before signing his first professional contract on his 18th birthday in December 1985. He remained at The Dell for a further two years, playing in the reserves but failing to break into the first team, before a free transfer to Cambridge United in March 1988. He remained with the club until December of that year when he made a move to Scunthorpe United on a free transfer.
He spent the next four years playing for "The Iron", and eventually his performances earned him a move to West Bromwich Albion in 1992 for £160,000. While with "The Baggies", Hamilton played under manager Alan Buckley.
In 1998 Albion sold Hamilton to Sheffield United for £325,000 and he would remain at Bramall Lane for the next two seasons. While at United, he was re-signed by Alan Buckley at fellow First division side Grimsby Town. Hamilton played six times for "The Mariners", scoring once in his one month loan spell.
At the end of the 1999–00 campaign, following his release from United, Hamilton signed for Notts County on a two-year deal. However in November 2001 he was signed by Buckley for a third time, this time at Lincoln City. He scored his first and what turned out to be only goal for Lincoln against Leyton Orient in the FA Cup. He was part of the squad that was nearly relegated out of the Football League. With the club in financial difficulties, and Hamilton not being part of new manager Keith Alexander's plans, he agreed a severance package in October 2002, and played out the 2002–03 campaign for Conference side Woking before retiring at the end of the season.
After retirement as a footballer he worked as an IT business development manager.

</doc>
<doc id="20898696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898696" title="United States Ambassador to Thailand">
United States Ambassador to Thailand

This is a list of Ambassadors of the United States to Thailand.
Thailand has had continuous bilateral relations with the United States since 1882. Relations were interrupted during World War II when Bangkok was occupied by Japanese forces. Normal relations were resumed after the war in 1945.
The United States Embassy to Thailand, which was designed by Gerhard Kallmann of Kallmann McKinnell & Wood, is located in Bangkok.

</doc>
<doc id="20898706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898706" title="No Lies">
No Lies

No Lies... is a 1972 short dramatic film made by Mitchell Block while he was a student at New York University. The film, which is in the style of a "cinéma vérité" interview, deals with a young woman who has been raped and has been widely viewed by nurses, therapists and police officers.
In 2008, "No Lies..." was selected for inclusion by the United States Library of Congress to its National Film Registry.
Notes.
 “No Lies” serves as a commentary on the observational mode by revealing how emotional the documenter can be. The Cameraman (a character) does a good job of keeping out of the film physically, but hearing his voice really affects the observational theme of the movie. Originally this was just supposed to be a film about his friend getting ready for the night, but it turns into a look into the trauma suffered by victims of rape. During her rant on the events that happened that night, she described a woman walking past her and watching what happened. The Friend said that their eyes locked for a second, but she knew there was nothing to be done. After the long description of the awful event, the Cameraman still doesn’t believe her. It takes a river of tears, and a broken down woman for him to finally understand that this is real for her.

</doc>
<doc id="20898743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898743" title="Van Buren (surname)">
Van Buren (surname)

. The Dutch word "van" is equivalent to the English word "of" and the German word "von". Hence it is not usually capitalized in names. Buren is a city or estate in the Netherlands which was ruled by the Egmond family. Dutch nobles were commonly named after their possessions. Literally translated, the Dutch word "Buren" means "neighbours". 
People.
Dutch Royal Family.
The name (van) "Buren" appears in the history of the Dutch royal house, being the family name of Anna van Egmond en Buren, the first wife of William I of Orange. Borrowing from this heritage, the Dutch royals have used "Count of Buren" as a title or the surname "van Buren" in situations requiring anonymity.

</doc>
<doc id="20898756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898756" title="Constitutio domus regis">
Constitutio domus regis

The Constitutio domus regis (or "Establishment of the King's Household"), was a handbook written around 1136 that discussed the running of the household of King Henry I of England, as it was in the last years of Henry's reign. It was probably written for the new king, Stephen. It gives what every officer and member of the household should be paid, what other allowances they should be given, as well as listing all offices in the household. It is likely that the author of the work was Nigel who was treasurer under Henry I and became Bishop of Ely in 1133, although this is not accepted by all historians.
The "Constitutio" lists the offices and officers in three main grades. The first consists of the chancellor, the stewards, master butler and chamberlain, and the constables. The Treasury, or Exchequer, was already separate from the household of the king by the time the document was composed; for, although the head of the treasury, the Treasurer, was listed in the document, the rest of the treasury officials are not covered. It covers the whole of the "domus regis", or household of the king.
It isn't until the Household Ordinances of 12 November 1279 that another document regulating the king's household survives.

</doc>
<doc id="20898760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898760" title="Bird park">
Bird park

Bird park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20898769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898769" title="Charles Wendell David">
Charles Wendell David

Charles Wendell David (1885–1984) was a noted American bibliophile, medievalist and librarian. He worked tirelessly both to reconstruct Europe's war-torn repositories and to establish new libraries in the United States. 
Biography.
A modest American farmboy, he went to college on scholarships, and achieved a Rhodes scholarship before returning to establish his academic career at Harvard and Bryn Mawr. David pioneered the "open access" concept of the college library, throwing open the doors to all students (as opposed to traditional "classed" libraries open only to faculty, "upper" or "lower" classmen) before arriving in Philadelphia to serve the University of Pennsylvania as its first Director of Libraries, where he transformed their dilapidated collection into America's first centralized, open-access library in its modern form.
Prof. David retired to West Chester, Pennsylvania, where he continued to mentor and educate until his death in 1984. 
Historical studies.
Empathizing with the financial and travel problems of his students in European history, and anticipating the return of Europe to censorship and war, Prof. David travelled Europe in the mid-1930s determined to create rotogravure copies of manuscripts so that these works would remain available to American scholars (at least in copy). Consequently, certain of his rotogravures are the only remaining images of manuscripts destroyed or damaged by the war, or that have since become deteriorated or misplaced. This collection became part of the Modern Language Association photoimagery collection at the Library of Congress, where it remains today.
Prof David published his critical edition of a rare Third Crusade manuscript through the American Philosophical Association in 1939, using one of his rotogravures to complete his study. This manuscript was in fair condition before the war, but its pages are now blank – this manuscript contains very important information about medieval sailing and pilgrimage that would have been lost without Prof. David's work.
Medievalist Dana Cushing now studies and lectures on Prof David's rotogravure copy of the manuscript: she provides a free, public-access, digital copy of the manuscript and of Prof. David's critical edition of it (_Narratio de Itinere Navali Peregrinorum Hierosolymam Tendentium et Silvam Capientium A.D. 1189_) by kind permission of the Library of Congress which owns the rotogravure copies, the Accademia delle Scienze di Torino which owns the original manuscript, and the American Philosophical Society which published Prof David's 1939 article.
Over 80 years later, Prof David's book about the Siege of Lisbon and the "De expugnatione Lyxbonensi" remains the authoritative study, entitled "De expugnatione Lyxbonensi: The conquest of Lisbon." The book was recently revised by noted Crusades historian, Dr Jonathan Phillips, for a paperback re-issue. Most of Prof David's medieval and librarianship books remain available, if not in print.
Legacy.
The public can visit two libraries he founded: a library for America's history of her seas and sailing located at Mystic Seaport, Connecticut, and a library for America's industrial heritage located at Longwood, Delaware.

</doc>
<doc id="20898785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898785" title="Soul on Soul">
Soul on Soul

Soul on Soul is the 14th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas and his first on a major label. It was released on the RCA label in 2000 and features performances by Douglas, Chris Speed, Joshua Roseman, Greg Tardy, Uri Caine, James Genus and Joey Baron. The album includes Douglas' interpretations of four compositions by Mary Lou Williams.
Cover versions.
Fellow trumpeter Rick Braun covered an unrelated song entitled "Soul on Soul" on his debut album "Full Stride."

</doc>
<doc id="20898786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898786" title="Gao Ying">
Gao Ying

Gao Ying (高郢) (740 – July 24, 811), courtesy name Gongchu (公楚), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Dezong and Emperor Shunzong.
Background.
Gao Ying was born in 740, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His ancestors were originally from Bohai (渤海, in modern Cangzhou, Hebei), but later moved to the later Wei Prefecture (衛州, in modern Puyang, Henan), and claimed common ancestry with but not descendance from the imperial house of Northern Qi. His grandfather Gao Zhi (高質) served as a prefectural secretary general.
Gao Ying himself was said to understand the "Spring and Autumn Annals" at age eight and already capable of writing, such that he was praised by the Confucian scholars. When the Anshi Rebellion erupted, and the rebel Yan forces captured the capital Chang'an, Gao Ying's father Gao Boxiang (高伯祥) was serving as the sheriff of nearby Haozhi County (好畤, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi) and tried to resist, but was captured by Yan forces. He was set to be executed, but the young Gao Ying spread his legs and loosened his clothes, offering to be executed in his father's stead. The Yan officers praised him for his filial piety and released them both.
Early career.
Gao Ying later passed the imperial examinations and was selected in the special class of those with great talents or unusual deeds. He was made the sheriff of Huayin County (華陰, in modern Weinan, Shaanxi). In 767, when Emperor Xuanzong's grandson Emperor Daizong, who was then emperor, was building a large Buddhist temple — Zhangjing Temple (章敬寺) — in honor of his mother Lady Wu, Gao changed into white clothes (to show fear) and submitted petitions against the waste of money in building the temple, but Emperor Daizong did not heed his advice.
Later, while the general Guo Ziyi was serving as the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Shuofang Circuit (朔方, headquartered in modern Yinchuan, Ningxia), he invited Gao to serve on his staff as a scribe. In 778, Guo was angry with his deputy Zhang Tan (張曇), believing that Zhang disrespected him on account of the fact that he rose from the soldier ranks. Guo's associate Wu Yao (吳曜) thereafter made false accusations against Zhang, and Guo executed Zhang under the pretense that Zhang was encouraging soldiers to disobey orders — over Gao's objection. Guo thus demoted Gao to be the secretary general of Yishi County (猗氏, in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi). (It was said, however, that when other staff members subsequently began to resign, Guo regretted both killing Zhang and demoting Gao.)
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
After the general Li Huaiguang became the military governor of Binning Circuit (邠寧, headquartered in modern Xianyang) in 779, during the reign of Emperor Daizong's son Emperor Dezong, he invited Gao Ying to serve as a secretary, and Gao was eventually promoted to be his assistant. When Li rebelled against Emperor Dezong (who was then also battling a rebellion by Zhu Ci and who had been forced to flee to Liang Prefecture (梁州, in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi) in response to Li's rebellion) in 784, Gao tried to get him to change his mind and again submit to Emperor Dezong, but Li refused. When Li gathered his troops at his base Hezhong (河中, in modern Yuncheng) and prepared to again attack west against the Tang general Hun Zhen, Gao and fellow staff member Li Yong spoke against it, and Gao further persuaded Li Huaiguang's son Li Wei (李琟) as well, and while Li Wei was fearful of the consequences of acting against imperial forces, he was also unable to persuade Li Huaiguang. Later in 784, after Zhu was destroyed by another imperial general, Li Sheng, Gao was able to get Li Huaiguang to agree to resubmit to Emperor Dezong. However, when Emperor Dezong's emissary Kong Chaofu (孔巢父) arrived at Hezhong, he angered Li Huaiguang and his soldiers by not immediately offering the command back to Li Huaiguang, and the soldiers, with Li Huaiguang's tacit approval, killed Kong and the eunuch Dan Shouying (啖守盈). Li Huaiguang thereafter continued to stand against imperial forces. In 785, when Gao's colleague Lü Mingyue (呂鳴岳) secretly submitted to imperial forces and was discovered by Li Huaiguang, Li Huaiguang killed Lü and his family and arrested Gao and Li Yong when they revealed that, they, too, had been in communication with imperial forces, but as Li Huaiguang was unwilling to execute them as well, he kept them imprisoned. After Li Huaiguang, after defeats at the hands of the imperial general Ma Sui, committed suicide later in 785, Ma invited Gao and Li Yong to serve on his own staff.
Not long after that, Gao was recalled to Chang'an to serve as "Zhuke Yuanwailang" (主客員外郎), a low-level official at the ministry of rites (禮部, "Libu"). He later successively served as "Xingbu Langzhong" (刑部郎中), a supervisorial official at the ministry of justice (刑部, "Xingbu"), and then "Zhongshu Sheren" (中書舍人), a mid-level official at the legislative bureau of government (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng"), where he served for nine years. He was then made deputy minister of rites (禮部侍郎, "Libu Shilang"), and he was put in charge of the imperial examinations. It was said that at that time, the examinees often neglected their studies and spent their time on feasting and associating with officials to receive preferential treatment. Gao had long despised this trend, and after he became in charge of the imperial examinations, he refused the other officials' intercessions on part of the examinees, and it was said that within three years of Gao's becoming in charge of the examinations, the habits of the examinees had changed for the better. Gao later served as the minister of worship (太常卿, "Taichang Qing"). Around the new year 804, Gao was made "Zhongshu Shilang" (中書侍郎), the deputy head of the legislative bureau, and given the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor, along with Zheng Xunyu. He was also given the honorific title "Yinqing Guanglu Daifu" (銀青光祿大夫).
During Emperor Shunzong's and Emperor Xianzong's reigns.
After Emperor Dezong died in 805 and was succeeded by his severely ill son Emperor Shunzong, Gao was made the minister of justice (刑部尚書, "Xingbu Shangshu") and continued to serve as chancellor. When, later in the year, Emperor Shunzong passed the throne to his son Emperor Xianzong, Gao was removed from his chancellor post but continued to serve as the minister of justice and acting minister of civil service affairs (吏部尚書, "Libu Shangshu"). In 806, he was made the prefect of Hua Prefecture (華州, in modern Weinan).
Later in 806, Gao was recalled to Chang'an to again serve as minister of worship, and soon he was made the chief imperial censor (御史大夫, "Yushi Daifu"). Several months later, he was made the minister of defense (兵部尚書, "Bingbu Shangshu"). Just after a month, he requested retirement, and Emperor Xianzong agreed, giving him the title of "You Pushe" (右僕射), one of the heads of the executive bureau (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng") before approving the retirement. Gao died in 811 and was give posthumous honors and the posthumous name "Zhen" (貞, meaning "clean").

</doc>
<doc id="20898787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898787" title="Wesley Balk">
Wesley Balk

H. Wesley Balk (1932–2003) was an American performance theorist/coach and stage director. He was artistic director of the Minnesota Opera for almost twenty years, where he directed several world premieres, including Conrad Susa's "Transformations".
He authored several books on performance, including "The Complete Singer-Actor" and "The Radiant Performer".

</doc>
<doc id="20898788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898788" title="Felix Mackiewicz">
Felix Mackiewicz

Felix Thaddeus Mackiewicz (November 20, 1917 – December 20, 1993) was an American professional baseball player. An outfielder, he appeared in six Major League Baseball seasons for the Philadelphia Athletics from 1941 to 1943, the Cleveland Indians from 1945 to 1947, and the Washington Senators in 1947. The native of Chicago, Illinois, threw and batted right-handed. He stood tall and weighed .
Mackiewicz attended Purdue University, where he played college baseball for the Boilermakers from 1938–1940. He signed with the Athletics in 1940 and made his Major League debut in September after breaking into minor league baseball with the Class B Wilmington Blue Rocks. The and seasons were Mackiewicz' only full seasons in the Majors. In 1945, as the Indians' regular center fielder, he got into 120 games, made a career-high 98 hits, and slugged his only two Major League home runs.
Altogether, he appeared in 223 big-league games and collected 174 hits, including 32 doubles and 12 triples. He concluded his professional career during the 1949 minor league season.

</doc>
<doc id="20898797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898797" title="Chitra Visweswaran">
Chitra Visweswaran

Chitra Visweswaran is a Bharatnatyam dancer. She learned dance from her mother Rukmini, and later she took training in Western Classical Ballet in London. She trained under T.A Rajalakshmi for 10 years. She received the National Scholarship for advanced study in Bharatanatyam from the government of India. She went for further training under Vazhuvoor Ramaiyya Pillai. She was awarded the Padma Shri in 1992, which is one of the top civilian honours given by Government of India.
Visweswar now runs a dance school, the Chidambaram Academy of Performing Arts, in Chennai, India.
Oct 2001
Deeply entrenched in the old Tanjore tradition of Bharathanatyam, Chitra Visweswaran’s association with dance began at a very early age. Her first Guru, at the age of three, was actually her mother, Smt. Rukmini Padmanabhan, who was an excellent dancer trained in contemporary Indian dance and Bharatanatyam but never took it up as a profession. Chitra owes her artistic and creative vision to her mother and intellectual quest to her father, Sri. N. Padmanabhan, an engineer with the Indian Railways. After initiation into dance by her mother, Chitra undertook training in Western Classical Ballet in London where her father was Railway Adviser at the Indian High Commission. This was followed by training in Manipuri and Kathak in Calcutta. At the age of ten, she went under the tutelage of one of the best devadasis of Tiruvidaimardur, Smt.T.A Rajalakshmi, who was settled in Calcutta and under whom she trained for nearly 10 years. Her Arangetram (first maiden performance) took place within ten months, an astonishingly short period to achieve this level of proficiency.
Chitra’s first piece of dance choreography was at the age of eleven. At thirteen, she had choreographed the life of Saint Thyagaraja in the format of a Varnam, the most demanding of pieces in the Bharatanatyam repertoire. Several such pieces of choreography followed even as she studied contemporary dance in parallel to her Bharatanatyam training. During this period, she choreographed individual pieces and short thematic presentations. Though she wanted to leave Calcutta for Madras (or Chennai as it is called now) in order to pursue dance seriously on finishing school, her parents insisted on her completing an honors degree (B.A. in English). Thanks to the frequent closures of Calcutta University, she fruitfully spent her time studying dance theory and dance history entirely on her own and also became involved in interdisciplinary search and research.
In 1970, she received the National Scholarship for advanced study in Bharatanatyam from the Ministry of Human Resources Development, Government of India, at a time when only two scholarships were awarded throughout the country, as against twenty-five, today.
She spent her scholarship period of four years under the doyen of Bharatanatyam, Vazhuvoor Ramaiyya Pillai. Her experience as his sishya widened her aesthetic vision even as her earlier Gurus’ training gave her excellent grammar and technique. Within three months of joining Vazhuvoor Ramaiyya Pillai, her guru introduced Chitra to the Madras audience by promoting her over all his other students as the heroine of a dance drama, Thirumalai Kumaresa Kuravanji, which her guru had choreographed. Eminent people such as Prof. Sambhamoorthy, Kapila Vatsyayan and Sunil Kothari even then noted her work.
On completion of her scholarship, Chitra started working on her own, combining the lessons she had learnt from her Gurus and her knowledge of the cognate forms of arts, harnessing to it a scholastic approach and holistic vision in order to develop a wholly individualistic philosophy of movement and language of communication.
Chitra started teaching dance at Calcutta at the age of sixteen, but it was in 1975 that she established “Chidambaram Academy of Performing Arts” (CAPA) in Chennai, now an acknowledged premier institution in India. Since its inception, she has extended its repertoire with several pieces culled through research, which has earned her a very strong and supportive following. Even as her institution grew, she slowly tried her hand in group performance choreography in which her earlier experience of the Bengal School helped her substantially.
Dance Productions
In 1980, Chitra choreographed her first major dance drama Devi Ashta Rasa Malika which took Chennai by storm. The concept of group formations, which was hitherto comparatively unknown in Bharatanatyam, took firm root in this genre through this production.
Several solo thematic and group productions in the Bharatanatyam format followed. A few examples in solo are:
Krishnanjali – a solo thematic presentation, wherein the concept of flashback was first introduced.
Purandara Krishnamritham - in which rare Kritis of the Kannada saint-poet, Purandaradasa were researched and strung together thematically.
Saptha Sapthi - a solo production exploring seven aspects of the number seven
Sthree Sakthi- a saga of Indian women from Sita to Jhansi Ki Rani.
Viswam Vishnumayam, Naveena Niroopanna, Sadaa Venkatesa Smarami are other notable. productions
Her group productions, which followed Devi Ashta Rasa Malika, were several. One of these discovered the parallels in poetry and approach to bhakti of the South Indian Saint poetess Andal, with that of the Mewari princess Meera.
The Ramayana with just one Sanskrit kriti to harness it musically, which was incidentally also translated into Tamil, is another popular production.
Devaki Pulambal took on a different view point - that of Devaki, Krishna’s natural mother, instead of the much presented Yashodha.
Somewhere along the way Chitra dropped the concept of dancers dressing up in the aharya or costume in accordance with the character she / he played; for, to suggest a character through mime, gesture and stance was more demanding and challenging than in playing the character in the expected costume.
Her vision further widened when the National Academy of Sciences commissioned her to present a production on the river Ganges in 1989–90, not highlighting the religious connotation of the river, but presenting it as representative of the ethos of India. She took six months off to research this project and to this day feels that this experience contributed considerably to her evolution as a thinking dancer.
Mary Magdalena, Maithreem Bhajatha and other productions that followed, brought in different and varied thrusts.
Chitra’s exploration and experimentation of the dance-theatre medium began with her production Panchali based on Subramania Bharathi’s Panchali Sabadam. The inspiration from theatre, specially the folk Therukoothu, with reference to body movement in establishing characters such as the Kauravas, the input of lighting techniques to create an ambience and highlight a situation from theatre, the use of Vacika or voice from the same discipline and the influence of painting (especially in presenting the Pandavas) vis-à-vis colour, symmetry, asymmetry and body line found a significant place. Establishing the mood of the whole production in the opening number itself was another significant contribution to the classical idiom.
Her other productions 'Raghuvamsa Thilakam', 'Ayothi Mannan',’Dwarakanatham Bhaje', Dasavatharam', 'Nritya Srinkhala', etc. have been highly appreciated. All the pieces she presents, be they solo, thematic-solo or dance drama / theatre have been conceived, researched and choreographed by her.
Shortly thereafter, a demand from the Middle East to present a non-religious, non-mythological production put Chitra onto the path of creating Sneha, a unique dance theatre presentation. Sneha, which literally stands for friendship, love and the joy of togetherness and sharing, is in fact a perfect recipe for what life to an Indian should be. Inspired by characters from our epical literature and historical path-setters, it applies those great values of the past to present day society and projects it into the future. Created in such a manner to be adapted to any given situation, it has carried the messages of helpage homes, orphanages, eye banks and Can Stop (Cancer can be stopped) and anti warfare, keeping in mind artistic and aesthetic yardsticks of measurement and judgment.
Performances
Chitra has performed in all major dance festivals in India and has made several tours abroad, dancing in the U.K, France, Germany, Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy, Bulgaria, Portugal, USA, Canada, USSR, Australia, Austria, Fiji Islands, Singapore, Malaysia, Kuwait, Muscat, Bahrain, Dubai, Qatar, Holland, Srilanka amongst other countries. Her dance and lecture - demonstrations have been documented for reference by various institutions and universities.
Chitra has been regularly featured in the National Program of Dance, local programs of Doordarshan and other Indian channels. Her dance has also been telecast by Television in Sydney (Mike Walsh show), Singapore Broadcasting Corporation, BBC Television, U.K, Portugal TV, French TV, Swiss TV, U.S. TV, Malaysian TV. On the occasion of
India's 50th year of Independence, BBC invited her to present a specially choreographed program at the Symphony Hall, Birmingham that was telecast internationally on 15 August 1997.
Chidambaram Academy of Performing Arts
Her institution CAPA has grown extensively and has satellite institutions all over the world headed by present and past students. In order to maintain exclusive quality, admission is highly selective and restricted. The holistic approach of CAPA has led to several national and international scholarships and fellowships being awarded to its students. Here dance, music, nattuvangam, theory, stagecraft, lighting, teaching methodology, philosophy of movement and a deep study of the cognate art forms is stressed upon. Besides drawing great joy of sharing her knowledge with all those who desire it, Chitra now has an added motive in her life – to collect funds for RASA, an institution using creative dance and music therapy for special children with learning disabilities.
Chitra’s husband, Sri R.Visweswaran, nephew of the legendary Carnatic musician, G.N Balasubramaniam is a vocalist, instrumentalist and composer and has a long experience of working in the genre of film music. He plays the Kashmir Santoor, veena and is a self-taught Flamenco guitarist. His knowledge and experience come together in composing and directing great music for Chitra’s solo work and group productions, for which he also lends his voice. Together they are considered a contributive force to be reckoned with in the field of Classical Indian Dance. Chitra and Visweswaran celebrated the 25th anniversary of CAPA in 2000.
Awards and Distinctions
In 1980, Sri Krishna Gana Sabha awarded the “Nritya Choodamani” to Chitra. As an awardee, she convened the Sabha's Natya Kala conference in 1996 & 97, the only dance seminar of its kind in India. She is a Trustee of India Foundation for the Arts, a Ford foundation activated project and is also a member of the committee constituted by the Government of India for selection of candidates for award of scholarships and fellowships in Bharatanatyam. Chitra was the only dancer invited by the University of Madras to occupy the Rabindranath Tagore Chair in Fine Arts. She is also a member of the General Council and Executive Board of the Central Sangeet Natak Akademi (the apex body of Performing Arts in India).
In recognition of her contribution to Bharathanatyam, the Government of Tamil Nadu conferred the title, “Kalaimamani” upon her in 1982. She received the “Central Sangeet Natak Akademi Award” in 1987 and the “Padma Shri” from the President of India in 1992. In addition, in India’s 50th year of Independence she was awarded the titles of “Mahila Shiromani” (honoring distinguished women of Indian origin) and “Sthree Ratna” (gem amongst women - awarded to fifty eminent Indian women). Her other awards include Nritya Vilas - Sur Singar Samsad, Bombay, 1988; Manav Sewa Puraskar - Institute of economic studies, 1992 (Lok Shree Award, New Delhi); Natanamani - Kanchi Paramacharya in 1999.
Under the scheme of inviting a personality whose contribution to Indian Culture has been outstanding, The Japan Foundation invited Chitra Visweswaran to be their special guest for the year 2000.
Chitra Visweswaran is the 2013's recipient of the Music Academy’s Natya Kala Acharya Award for Dance.The Natya Kala Acharya Award for Dance will be conferred on Chitra Visweswaran on January 3, 2014, at the inaugural of the Music Academy’s Annual Dance Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20898812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898812" title="Muskingum River Power Plant">
Muskingum River Power Plant

Muskingum River Power Plant is a major coal-fired power station, owned and operated by American Electric Power. It is on the west bank of Muskingum River, about northwest of the town of Beverly in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Units.
Four out of five plant's units are among the oldest in the United States:
Units 1–4 discharge their waste heat (about twice their combined electrical output) into Muskingum River.
Accidents and incidents.
2007 hydrogen explosion.
On January 8, 2007, a hydrogen supply truck was making its routine weekly delivery of H2 gas to the station's hydrogen system, when an explosion occurred at 9:20 a.m. Truck driver was killed in the accident, and ten other people were injured. Premature failure of the pressure-relief device's rupture disc was blamed.
Two civil trials in 2011, however, essentially rejected AEP's claims that rupture discs and a third party contractor were to blame. The juries determined that AEP had acted with "deliberate intent" toward its own employee, Drumand McLaughlin, and with "conscious disregard" for the rights of the truck driver, Lewis Timmons, who was killed. A total of almost $13,000,000.00 was assessed in damages as of August 29, 2011, including punitive damages to punish AEP subsidiaries Ohio Power Company and American Electric Power Service Corporation for their misconduct in failing to maintain the hydrogen systems. The companies were also to be assessed attorney's fees.

</doc>
<doc id="20898826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898826" title="Clarence Maddern">
Clarence Maddern

Clarence James Maddern (September 26, 1921 – August 9, 1986) was an American professional baseball outfielder who appeared in 104 Major League games for the Chicago Cubs in 1946, 1948 and 1949, and the Cleveland Indians in 1951. In 1946 Maddern was leading the Texas League in hitting with the Tulsa Oilers before being called by the parent Chicago Cubs. His minor league career extended from 1940 through 1957. He threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed . 
Maddern attended the University of Arizona on a baseball scholarship and signed a contract with the Chicago Cubs' minor league affiliate Bisbee Bees, in the Arizona-Texas League. His career was interrupted by service from 1943 to 1945 in the United States Army during World War II, when he served in the 76th Infantry Division. Maddern served in France and participated in the Battle of the Bulge.
Maddern was a stalwart in the postwar Pacific Coast League as a star for the Los Angeles Angels and a member of four other PCL clubs. The biggest moment in his career came the night of September 29, 1947, before a sellout crowd in Wrigley Field. The Angels and the San Francisco Seals had finished in a dead heat for the PCL pennant and met in a one-game playoff. The game was a scoreless tie until Maddern broke it up with a grand slam home run in the eighth inning to give the Angels a 5-0 win over the Seals.
"Maddern left baseball in 1957, returned to Bisbee and became an insurance agent." He is buried in Evergreen Cemetery in Bisbee, Arizona

</doc>
<doc id="20898838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898838" title="Amherstburg–Essex Greenway">
Amherstburg–Essex Greenway

The Amherstburg–Essex Greenway is a paved rail trail along a former CN Rail spur line in the town of Essex, Ontario, Canada. , the trail extends from Sadler's Park in Essex towards Edgars Road. CN Rail had donated this spur line in 1997, following the donation of its other subdivision, which is now the Chrysler Canada Greenway, in 1993, to ERCA, which manages the trail. The total distance of the former rail line is , and extends via McGregor to Amherstburg. ERCA has stated they plan on linking to the Chrysler Canada Greenway and Amherstburg when funds become available.

</doc>
<doc id="20898840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898840" title="1982–83 Quebec Nordiques season">
1982–83 Quebec Nordiques season

The 1982–83 Quebec Nordiques season was the Nordiques fourth season in the National Hockey League. In the 1981–82 season, Quebec recorded their first winning season in the NHL, as they had a record of 33-31-16, earning 82 points, in which they finished fourth in the Adams Division, qualifying for the post-season for the second consecutive season. The Nordiques upset the heavily favoured Montreal Canadiens and Boston Bruins to represent the Adams Division in the Wales Conference finals, however, the New York Islanders swept Quebec in the Conference finals, preventing the club from making the Stanley Cup finals.
Off-season.
During the off-season, the Nordiques announced that they would not have a team captain for the 1982–83 season, as Andre Dupont only had the position as an interim basis for the second half of the 1981–82 season after team captain Robbie Ftorek was dealt to the New York Rangers. Expectations were high for the club after their improbable playoff run, in which the team was only one round away from a berth in the Stanley Cup finals.
Regular season.
The Nordiques would have a mediocre regular season, as they hovered around the .500 mark for the entire year. Quebec would set a team record for victories, winning 34 games, however, the team finished with two fewer points than the previous season, as they finished the year with a 34-34-12 record, earning 80 points, and their third consecutive playoff appearance, as they finished in fourth place in the Adams Division.
Offensively, the Nordiques were led by Peter Stastny, who led the club with 124 points, and was second in the league scoring race, finishing behind Wayne Gretzky of the Edmonton Oilers. Michel Goulet had a breakout season, scoring a team record 57 goals, which was the fourth highest total in the league. Goulet added 48 assists, earning 105 points, which was good for eighth in the NHL. Anton Stastny scored 32 goals and 92 points, while Marian Stastny scored 36 goals and 79 points despite missing 20 games due to injuries. On the blueline, Dave Pichette led the scoring, recording 24 points in 53 games, while Normand Rochefort earned 23 points in 62 games. Dale Hunter once again provided the team toughness, recording 206 penalty minutes.
In goal, Dan Bouchard was the number one goalie, winning a team best 20 games, while posting a team low GAA of 4.01, as well as recording the only shutout Quebec had during the season.
Playoffs.
The Nordiques opened the 1983 Stanley Cup playoffs with a best of five Adams Division quarter-final series against the Boston Bruins. The Nordiques eliminated Boston in seven games in the Division finals the previous season. The Bruins had the best record in the Adams Division, posting a record of 50-20-10, earning 110 points, which was 30 more than the Nordiques. The series opened with two games at the Boston Garden, and Quebec stunned the Bruins in the first period, as Peter Stastny had a natural hat trick, as Quebec took a 3-0 lead. The Bruins came back, led by two goals by Mike O'Connell and one by Barry Pederson to even the game up, setting up overtime. In the extra period, Barry Pederson scored, as Boston completed the comeback and won the game 4-3. In the second game, the two teams exchanged goals in the first period, before Dale Hunter gave the Nordiques a 2-1 lead midway through the third period. The Bruins managed another comeback though, as Boston scored three unanswered goals to win the game 4-2, and take a 2-0 series lead. The series then moved to Le Colisee for the next two games, and the Nordiques, led by 31 saves by Dan Bouchard, staved off elimination with a 2-1 victory and cut the Bruins series lead in half. In the fourth game, Bruins goaltender Pete Peeters stole the show, making 38 saves, as Boston held on for a 2-1 win, and eliminated the Nordiques.
Transactions.
The Nordiques were involved in the following transactions during the 1982-83 season.
Draft picks.
Quebec's draft picks from the 1982 NHL Entry Draft which was held at the Montreal Forum in Montreal, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="20898841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898841" title="2008–09 Albany Great Danes men's basketball team">
2008–09 Albany Great Danes men's basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="20898863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898863" title="Kailas Nath Wanchoo">
Kailas Nath Wanchoo

Kailas Nath Wanchoo was the tenth Chief Justice of India. He was born in Allahabad and was educated at Pandit Pirthi Nath High School, Kanpur, Muir Central College, Allahabad and Wadham College, Oxford. He joined the Indian Civil Service as Joint Magistrate on December 1, 1926 in Uttar Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="20898872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898872" title="So's Your Old Man">
So's Your Old Man

"So's Your Old Man" is a 1926 silent film comedy film directed by Gregory La Cava and starring W.C. Fields and Alice Joyce. It was written by J. Clarkson Miller based on the story "Mr. Bisbee's Princess" by Julian Leonard Street as adapted by Howard Emmett Rogers. It was filmed at Astoria Studios in Queens, New York City.
The film was remade as a talkie in 1934, with W.C. Fields again starring, under the title "You're Telling Me!" In 2008, "So's Your Old Man" was added to the United States National Film Registry.
Plot.
Sam Bisbee (W.C. Fields) is a small-town glazier who's always trying to get rich quick, and his schemes are driving his wife (Marcia Harris) crazy. When he invents an unbreakable glass windshield, his attempt to demonstrate it at a convention of automobile manufacturers is ruined when his car gets switched with another, and instead of bouncing off, the brick he throws at it smashes the windshield to pieces. On the train ride home, Bisbee considers suicide, but instead rescues a pretty young woman (Alice Joy) who he believe is trying to kill herself. It turns out the woman is really Princess Lescaboura, and their friendship bring social success to the Bisbees.

</doc>
<doc id="20898876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898876" title="Ed Walker (baseball)">
Ed Walker (baseball)

Edward Harrison Walker (August 11, 1874 - September 29, 1947) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons. Born in Cambois, England, he played for the Cleveland Bronchos/Cleveland Naps during the 1902 Cleveland Bronchos season and the 1903 Cleveland Naps season, playing in four career games.

</doc>
<doc id="20898881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898881" title="Gui Gui">
Gui Gui

Wu Ying Chieh (, English name Emma, born 11 August 1989 in Taiwan Keelung), better known by her stage name Gui Gui (), is a Taiwanese Mandopop singer and actress represented by Polyland International Entertainment.
Debut & Early Years.
In 2006, Gui Gui debuted as one of the original nine members of the Taiwanese girl group "Hei She Hui Mei Mei", which later underwent a name change in their 2008 comeback to "Hey Girl". After a year long hiatus, Hey Girl launched their first titled debut album. Consisting of eight girls, Hey Girl would often collaborate with the Taiwanese boy band, Lollipop F.
2009: Departure and 2010-Present.
In 2009, Gui Gui left the management of Channel V. Her former manager, Andy Chang, expressed that she was unlikely to renew her contract, and with an ambiguous post on her personal blog, Gui Gui has also admitted to her decision of leaving the group. Andy Chang later announced that Hey Girl did not belong to the Channel V Management, and thus, Gui Gui would still be attending the promotional activities per usual.
However, the album promotions following his statement did not include Gui Gui, who was said to be busy with the promotions of the idol drama Pi Li MIT. On the May 6, 2009, Andy Chang officially confirmed that Gui Gui will not be renewing her contract with Channel V, and that her involvement with Hey Girl will have to be clarified with Warner Music, as Hey Girl did not belong to Channel V.
Career.
Acting Career.
During the summer of 2007, Wu Gui Gui and the other members of Hey Girls made their acting debut in the drama "Brown Sugar Macchiato", a collaboration with Lollipop group. This marked as her first acting career. The first episode was aired in Taiwan on July 15, 2007. Later, the band, Lollipop admits on Kangxi Lai Le that the drama had been more of an introduction of the two groups instead of a major acting challenge, as the members were told to act like themselves, and that many subplots were explained only briefly due to the large number of main characters. After thirteen episodes, the drama ended on October 7, 2007. They released an official soundtrack, then, with songs from Lollipop and Hey Girl. The series also created a new love team between Gui Gui and Wang Zi as they received the "Best Onscreen Couple. 
In 2008, Gui Gui starred in "Mysterious Incredible Terminator" (Pi Li MIT) opposite of Aaron Yan from Fahrenheit and Alien Huang. After the wrapping up of "Mysterious Incredible Terminator", Gui Gui and Aaron, widely praised for their on screen chemistry and closeness, were to co-star in Taiwanese drama "Momo Love", based on Japanese manga "Momoka Typhoon". However, productions were halted due to schedule conflicts with the promotions of Fahrenheit's new album, but when filming resumed, Gui Gui was subsequently replaced by Cyndi Wang while Aaron Yan was assigned to cast as the second male lead of "Love Buffet", leading him to be replaced by bandmate Jiro Wang.
In early 2011, Gui Gui signed to the new entertainment management company,Polyface Entertainment Media Group, and hoped for a fresh start as she was ready launch her acting career.
Since her departure from Hey Girl and flying solo, Gui Gui has encountered endless obstacles and challenges, but in the end, she would emerge from the midst of everything and make a stronger comeback for herself. In the early months of her solo career, Gui Gui hosted quite a few variety programs and the ratings of these shows peaked the charts, but despite the newly found success, productions were later cancelled for unknown reasons. After a short hiatus, Gui Gui returned to filming and participated in Taiwanese idol dramas such as "I, My Brother", a transcontinental collaboration between Malaysia and Taiwan. On the set, Gui Gui was rumored to have ignited love sparks with her Taiwanese costar, George Hu, whom she was romantically involved with in the drama. That same year, Gui Gui also received an invite to Mainland China to film the television version of "Painted Skin", in which she collaborated closely with Fiona Sit, Chen Yi Rong, Li Zhong Han, and many more of Mainland, Taiwan, and Hong Kong's experienced artists. Captivated by her natural charisma and bright personality, high words of praise from those of her directors and costars brought new opportunities and opened doors that allowed for Gui Gui to further expand her acting career outside of Taiwan.
As of mid-2012 to early 2013, Gui Gui has been spending much time in the Mainland China region, filming a three part-movie series "The Four" with Ronald Cheng, Anthony Wong, Deng Chao, and Liu Yifei. In February 2013, she was then confirmed to take part in the Korean reality show, "We Got Married" with her virtual husband Ok Taecyeon, member of the famous South Korean boy band 2PM. "We Got Married" is a popular reality program based in South Korea that features the married lives of celebrity couples. The producers had indeed witnessed the hidden potential of the mischievous Gui Gui and made a decision to cast her in the show, thus boosting her popularity in countries outside of China, Taiwan and Hong Kong. Regarding this rare experience,Gui Gui once commented, “I am honored to be able to participate in such a good program. I have had a great time, and learnt a lot from working with such a professional team.”
Filmography.
Music.
2012 
Foul (犯規) (Summer Fever OST) [戀夏38℃片頭曲]
Taste Of That Year Summer (那年夏天的味道) (Summer Fever OST) [戀夏38℃片尾曲]

</doc>
<doc id="20898885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898885" title="BC Institute of Property Inspectors">
BC Institute of Property Inspectors

The BC Institute of Property Inspectors (BCIPI) is a British Columbia - Canada based non-profit professional association for home inspectors. Founded in 1999, BCIPI is a home inspection association in the world. BCIPI has members throughout British Columbia. Members are required to adhere to the BCIPI Standards of Practice and the ASTTBC Code of Ethics.
BCIPI members are certified through BCIPI's parent organization ASTTBC. BCIPI inspectors are only authorized to offer inspections after they have met all the requirements of ASTTBC's certification policy and have passed a series of mentored reviews by senior association peers.
BCIPI members have access to many free continuing education home inspection courses through the "General Membership Meetings".
Note: As of November 30, 2009 - BCIPI ceased to be an institute. In a bid for power, ASTTBC dissolved the institute, its constitution and its duly elected board. To this day, these structures have not been re-created and BCIPI remains only as a marketing name for ASTTBC Certified Home & Property Inspectors.

</doc>
<doc id="20898917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898917" title="Les Contemptibles">
Les Contemptibles

"Les Contemptibles" is the 17th episode of the third season of the television series "".
Overview.
Troyes, France: 1789 – Marie de Valle makes a deal with a man claiming to be the infamous revolutionary Chartreuse Fox to try to turn two highwaymen into fellow revolutionary fighters. But no one is what they seem.
Plot synopsis.
The setting is France on the eve of the Revolution, in 1789. Two nobly dressed people, Lady Marie (Ephiny) and Francois (Salmoneus), are traveling in a coach discussing their fast friendship when Francois reveals he is the local hero of the people, the Chartreuse Fox. He presents the Fox's calling card, a yellow rose. A Captain Gerard soon stops the coach, looking for the Fox, but Lady Marie tricks him into thinking she is travelling with their father. Farther down the road, and shortly after Francois makes a wager concerning finding a hero in every person, they find a man lying injured. It is a ruse, and two bandits, Jean Pierre (Iolaus) and Robert (Hercules), attack. They are easily bested by Francois, who upon seeing an opportunity to win his wager, takes the two with him. 
Back at Francois' home, the bandits are tied up and forced to hear Francois tell them about the ancient Greeks, specifically the hero Hercules. Several clips from the series are shown, including ones from the TV movies, highlighting the story's message of how heroic people were in the past. Freeing the men, they all go to the town for food. Meanwhile, Captain Gerard is shown fuming over the Chartreuse Fox's latest raid, which is on an armory. He swears to capture and kill the fox. 
In town, Lady Marie shows disgust at the conditions the peasants live in, and Francois reminds her that that is why the Fox's mission is important, to better the lives of the people. They soon come upon a vender named Croissant (Falafel) who is selling some questionable food, particularly the "catch-of-the-day crepes." After hearing another Hercules story, it is shown that Marie is drawn to Robert, but soldiers arrive and everyone hides in Croissant's barrels. Elsewhere, a piece of evidence from the armory raid seemingly clues Captain Gerard into the identity of the Chartreuse Fox.
Back at Francois' home, Jean Pierre and Robert demand payment for their services. They are told another story, this time highlighting Hercules indifference towards acquiring wealth and treasure. Needing more convincing, Lady Marie goes to her carriage to retrieve something of wealth. While gone, it is shown that Francois, Jean Pierre and Robert are pulling a con on her, and he is not the real Chartreuse Fox. When she returns, she presents a priceless brooch for the cause, and the two bandits are "turned" to the revolutionary cause. This time they are given a story of Hercules' sacrifices for love. Marie then claims to see soldiers approaching and hides the men in a trunk. Shortly, sensing something wrong, they escape and find that Marie had duped them and taken their riches and left a yellow rose behind, revealing herself as the real Fox. Down the road though, before she could get away, Captain Gerard stops her carriage and takes her into custody, having figured out her identity from the handkerchief left at the armory.
At the docks Marie is about to be executed by the guillotine. Watching on the three men are about to leave her to her fate when Robert has a change of heart. Stopping the blade from falling, they assault the soldiers. After the people watching nearby join in the fight, the tide turns. Robert saves Marie from the blade a couple more times, then frees her to dual with Captain Gerard. She is able to disarm and humiliate him, but lets him live with his shame. She and Robert were able to share an intimate moment, though.
Outside of town, Marie is distributing some riches to the townspeople, and breaks the news to Francois that he won't be getting his riches back. They all decide to join together in the revolution, but have some difficulty in deciding what to call themselves. 

</doc>
<doc id="20898921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898921" title="Anchordown">
Anchordown

Anchordown was a Christian acoustic rock and worship band from Reno, Nevada. They disbanded and reformed in Dec of 2008 under the new name, Zimmerman.
Band history.
Anchordown started in early 2006. The band formed from a community of Christ-followers in Reno, NV called Living Stones. Donald Zimmerman started the band, with the notion that music could challenge the corporate church. Their music is melodic, with hopeful lyrics.
The band toured extensively throughout 2006-2008, covering most of the western United States, particularly Colorado, Utah, Washington, California, Nebraska and Texas.
The album "Speaks So Still" was recorded at Spaceway Studios and was produced by Will Hunt (Bethany Dillon, Shane and Shane, Shawn McDonald). This album had 12 tracks, including the radio single "Speaks So Still".
The album "Stories and Songs" was an underground release. It featured 30 tracks, including 10 previously unrecorded songs, with each new song featuring a corresponding track of audio interview of the band speaking on the origin and story behind each of the songs. Tracks 24-29 were stories from their time on the road, including the feeding of a wild bald eagle, the stage at the Flood in San Diego catching fire, and the time a 2-foot piece of rebar flew through the floor panel of their instrument trailer. It served as a fundraiser for their first project under the new band name, Zimmerman.

</doc>
<doc id="20898924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898924" title="90210 magazine">
90210 magazine

90210 Magazine is a bi-monthly, full-color print magazine covering luxury real estate, fashion, interior design and lifestyle based in Beverly Hills, California.
History.
90210 Magazine was first formed in 1999 as an email magazine. In late 2008 the company took the existing concept of their web-based newsletter and expanded it into a print magazine distributed to the greater Beverly Hills area. The magazine serves as a community publication for Beverly Hills and reflects the affluent lifestyle of its residents.

</doc>
<doc id="20898937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898937" title="Roy Walker (baseball)">
Roy Walker (baseball)

James Roy Walker (April 13, 1893 – February 10, 1962) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for six seasons. He pitched for the Cleveland Naps/Cleveland Indians in 1912 and 1915, the Chicago Cubs from 1917 to 1918, and the St. Louis Cardinals from 1921 to 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="20898939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898939" title="Hu Chi'er">
Hu Chi'er

Huchi'er was a general serving under Niu Fu during the Han Dynasty era of Chinese history. He was not of Chinese origin, and some historians believe he may have come from a Slavic background, although others assert it is much more probable that he was of Magyar, Hun or Persian ancestry. 
When Li Jue and Guo Si revolted to fight against Lü Bu, Niu Fu, his master, sided with Li and Guo. He brings his master a plan: ""Lü Bu is too doughty a fighter for us to hope to overcome him. Our case is hopeless. Our best course is to desert these four generals (Li Jue, Guo Si, Fan Chou, Zhang Ji), secrete their valuables, and leave the army with just a few of our followers"". 
His plan was adopted, and Niu Fu with his men and some others that late night packed up and make their way out of camp. With half a dozen of men, they came to a river and, while crossing, Huchi'er, templed by the lust of wealth, slew his master. The he went to offer the head of Niu Fu to Lü Bu. Lü Bu inquired into the matter, and when a follower told him the truth about slaying Niu Fu of Huchi'er, he put the traitor Huchi'er to death.
His name is easily confused to Huche'er. Some facts offers they are blood-related.

</doc>
<doc id="20898956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898956" title="Frank W. Blackmar">
Frank W. Blackmar

Frank Wilson Blackmar (November 3, 1854 in Springfield Township, Erie County, Pennsylvania – March 30, 1931 in Lawrence, Kansas) was an American sociologist, historian and educator. He served as the 9th President of the American Sociological Society (now known as the American Sociological Association). 
Before earning a Ph.D. in 1889 at the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, he was a professor of mathematics in the University of the Pacific (1881-1886). After he became a professor of history and sociology at the University of Kansas. Ten years later he was made professor of sociology and economics at the same university. He became active in the university extension movement throughout the western United States, writing and lecturing on history, sociology and economics. He was elected dean when the graduate school of the University of Kansas was organized in 1896.
He wrote several books of local history, handbooks of economy and some political pamphlets.

</doc>
<doc id="20898963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898963" title="Buckles and Boots">
Buckles and Boots

Buckles and Boots is the second studio album by Canadian country-rock artist Ridley Bent. The album was released on November 27, 2007 by Open Road Recordings. Its first single, "Heartland Heartbreak," reached the Top 30 on the Canadian Country Singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20898964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898964" title="Reed-Custer High School">
Reed-Custer High School

Reed-Custer High School is located at 249 Comet Drive in Braidwood, IL 60408. The principal at RCHS is Tim Ricketts. RCHS is part of the Reed-Custer School District known as 255U. The school mascot is known as "Comets". RCHS offers numerous classes that vary on many different subjects that are not just core classes.
Facts.
Acclaimed writer for 30 Rock, Kay Cannon, is a graduate of Reed Custer High School.
Some programs at RCHS.
RCHS has numerous programs including athletics and after school activities/clubs. Also, RCHS has peer helpers to help resolve problems that occur between students. RCHS also has Music Boosters and Athletic Boosters. Music Boosters is a group of people that help set-up, pay for, and run events for numerous music groups that are at RCHS. As well as events, the Music Boosters also help raise funds for the music program at RCHS with fund raisers.

</doc>
<doc id="20898974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898974" title="HMAS Air Sprite">
HMAS Air Sprite

HMAS "Air Sprite" (Y 256/SAR 6301) was an air-sea rescue vessel operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). She was an Australian-built version of the air-sea rescue vessels which the RAN operated during World War II, with the only difference being that she was fitted with a lattice mast instead of the tripod masts in the older ships. "Air Sprite" was ordered in 1958 and was built by Lars Halvorsen and Sons in Sydney. She was commissioned into the RAN on 15 June 1960 and was based at HMAS "Creswell" at Jervis Bay near the RAN Fleet Air Arm's base, HMAS "Albatross".
On the night of 10 February 1964 "Air Sprite" was one of two air-sea rescue vessels which responded to the collision between HMAS "Melbourne" and "Voyager" in Jervis Bay. "Air Sprite" rescued 36 "Voyager" crewmen and HMAS "Air Nymph" saved a further 34.
In 1976 "Air Sprite" was laid up at HMAS "Kuttabul" in Sydney for a major refit, which was scheduled for mid-1977, prior to being used as a general purpose vessel in Western Australia. This refit did not go ahead, and instead the ship was marked for disposal. "Air Sprite" was sunk as a target by a Tartar missile fired by HMAS "Brisbane" on 17 May 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20898976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898976" title="Professor Carter Nichols">
Professor Carter Nichols

Professor Carter Nichols is a fictional character, a comic book scientist published by DC Comics.
Publication history.
He first appeared in "Batman" #24 (August 1944), and was created by Joe Samachson and Dick Sprang.
Professor Nichols was a useful character to lend some "sci-fi" "color" to "Batman" stories from the late 1940s to the 1960s where he made numerous appearances in the pages of both "Batman" and "World's Finest Comics", when more conventional superhero tales were out of favor and most remaining books of the genre drifted into sci-fi and related genres.
In the mid-1970s the character was reintroduced in the comic book "Super Friends" continuity as a mentor for the Wonder Twins, who lived with him in their civil identities of John and Joanna Flemming.
Fictional character biography.
Carter Nichols is a childhood friend of Thomas Wayne. His appearances nearly always involved some form of time travel, based around his particular specialty referred to as "time travel hypnosis", a process that simulated time travel. The stories themselves are less than clear on this respect. At some point, he develops a "Time-Ray Machine" which he used to both displace and track objects through time. Professor Carter Nichols used his "time travel hypnosis" when he does therapy sessions with Bruce Wayne and Dick Grayson. Their first session with Carter Nichols started when Carter hypnotized Bruce into ending up in Ancient Rome where he saves a man from being beaten up in the streets by some men. When Batman ends up in trouble in the past where he is caught by soldiers working for Publius Malchio, Dick Grayson has Carter hypnotize him as well so that he can save him. Dick saves him and the court jester where they beat Publius in a chariot race and exile him from Rome. Afterwards, Bruce and Dick are brought out of their hypnotic spell and return to the present.
Carter hypnotizes Bruce and Dick where they end up 300 years in the past where they meet D'Artagnan and The Three Musketeers. When D'Artagnan ends up injured in a fight with Cardinal Richelieu's guards, Batman takes his place and prevents Lady Constance from being poisoned as history stated. After that mission, Batman sheds his disguise and returns to the present with Dick.
Carter hypnotizes Bruce and Dick where they end up back in time at Camelot to discover the secret of Sir Hardi Le Noir. They start by protecting Merlin's niece Aline from Sir Mordred and his men which leads to Batman and being brought before King Arthur. Batman bests Sir Mordred in combat. Batman, Robin, Lancelot, and Aline then try to rescue Merlin who is a prisoner of Morgan Le Fay. Batman's modern science is thought to be wizardry, and he completes the mission, though Morgan Le Fay escapes. Afterwards, King Arthur awards Batman a knighthood naming him Sir Hardi Le Noir (translated as the Bold Black Knight).
Carter hypnotizes Bruce and Dick where they end up back in time to witness the first Olympic Games. Batman befriends several of the athletes as a group of Persians try to disrupt the Olympic Games in order to start a civil war. Batman and Robin help the athletes defeat the Persians, take the place of the injured athletes in the Olympic Games, and return to the present.
When Bruce is confounded by the mystery of his ancestor Silas Wayne (who was a silversmith and suspected highwayman), he has Carter hypnotize him where he arrives in 1787 to learn the truth about his ancestor. Batman and Robin stop a group of highwaymen where they are soon suspected of the crime themselves. Luckily for them, Benjamin Franklin was able to vouch for them as Batman concludes that Silas was framed as the highwaymen's leader. The real identity of the highwaymen leader is Henry, a former Tory. Silas Wayne loves Henry's sister Martha and agrees to take the blame as the highwayman to protect Martha's mother. Benjamin Franklin gives Silas Wayne a letter which proves his innocence to be used after Martha's mother dies. However, Silas dies first. Bruce later finds the letter hidden inside Silas Wayne 's portrait and Silas is finally cleared one hundred years later.
Carter hypnotizes Bruce and Dick where they end up five centuries in the past to investigate the sighting of a Batman in Milan. They end up meeting Leonardo da Vinci who shows them his great works and learn that he is at odds with a dictator named Gian Trivulao. Batman helps Leonardo da Vinci to publicly humiliate Gian Trivulao. In the process, Leonardo uses a flying machine of his own invention. Men who see him believe they see a "Batman" who uses magic. With Leonardo safely away to Florence, Bruce and Dick return to their own time with an explanation for the "Batman" existing in Milan.
Carter Nichols sends himself back in time to meet the real Baron Frankenstein. Carter sees Baron Frankenstein's experiments and meets his giant assistant Ivan. When Ivan is accidentally electrocuted, Carter revives him with adrenaline. However, Ivan is left in a trance like state. Frankenstein's cousin Count Mettern then orders Ivan to kill Baron Frankenstein. Carter summons Batman and Robin from the future. They battle Ivan who rampages through the nearby village. Count Mettern then attempts to make Batman his slave too. Batman is not affected like Ivan was. He is then able to revive Ivan fully. However, the villagers are angry at Baron Frankenstein and Ivan. When they storm the castle, Batman must calm them down. Ivan then takes revenge upon Count Mettern. Both men die when the castle explodes. Mary Shelley writes about the events, but fictionalizes the story for fear that it would never be believed.
When the curator of the Gotham Museum buys a treasure map that belongs to Henry Morgan, Bruce Wayne finds his handwriting on it and has Carter hypnotize Bruce and Dick into sending them back in time to investigate. They end up captured by Henry Morgan even when Batman manages to injure him. Batman reluctantly draws a treasure map to Henry Morgan's treasure in Florida. Batman changes some of the numbers so that Henry Morgan is never able to recover his treasure. When Bruce returns to his own time, the treasure is still where it was originally buried. The recovered treasure is then given to the Gotham Museum.
When Bruce Wayne finds an Arabian rug on auction with a picture that resembles Joker on it, Carter hypnotizes Bruce and Dick where they end up in ancient Bagdad which is being terrorized by the Crier (a crying villain who resembles Joker). Batman and Robin apprehend Crier and prevent a mass-panic where Crier claimed that the nearby volcano was going to erupt. Batman eventually finds the rug (the same one that was at the auction) which turned out to have been in Crier's possession.
When a carving found by archaeologists traces back to the Age of Viking and has a carving of Bruce Wayne on it, Bruce decides to investigate where he has Carter send him back in time. Bruce and Dick arrive in the Age of Vikings where he is recognized by the townspeople as a coward. Bruce becomes Batman and discovers that his look-a-like is Olaf Erickson who was disgraced in battle and is now a prisoner. Batman rescues Olaf Erickson. He then faces several challenges posing as Olaf which help prove his courage. Olaf then leads an explanation to America where Batman's scientific knowledge saves the Vikings from an Indian attack. Olaf redeems himself in the process. The Vikings then honor him with the carving.
Carter hypnotizes Bruce where they are sent back in time to 1854 in order to discover what really happened to the treasure of Rex Spears (who was the ancestor of one of Bruce Wayne's friends). They discover that Spears and young orphan Lorenzo Bagg are transporting the money by stagecoach. Bandits attack the coach forcing Spears to retreat into a canyon. The former prospector is fatally bitten by a rattlesnake. Before dying, he buried the treasure in the canyon. Batman and Robin then see an avalanche which covers the area. When Bruce and Dick return to their own time, they are able to remember the location of the treasure. They then aid the ancestors of Rex Spears and Lorenzo Bagg to uncover the money and the will of Rex Spears.
Carter sends Batman and Robin into the future where they accidentally prevent the apprehension of the space pirate Zarro since the police chief looks like Joker. To make up for the mistake, Batman offers to help stop the space pirates that have been looting space ships. Batman takes a job at the Milman space ship factory where he suspects the pirates are being tipped off. With Batman's help, Zarro is apprehended. A saboteur damages Milman's best ship, so Batman enters a specially-constructed Bat-Ship in a race around the Solar System. The saboteur strikes again, but Batman wins the race anyway. Batman then fingers the engineer Erkham and the saboteur who was working for a rival company.
Bruce Wayne discovers a 13th Century Chinese rocket that displays Batman's picture. Carter Nichols sends him and Dick back in time to meet Marco Polo and discover the secret of the rocket. They save Polo's life, but they are unable to stop his rival Bahung from taking over Polo's territory and troops with a deceitful trick. Batman and Robin then ride to warn Kubla Khan about Bahung's invasion. To earn Kubla Khan's trust, Batman and Robin perform circus tricks. They then expose a traitor named Wong Tso who had conspired with Bahung. With the warning, Kubla Khan is able to prepare by using newly invented gunpowder to create rockets. He uses Batman's face to scare off the attackers. The Dynamic Duo then return to their own time period.
He was depicted as an older man still assisting Bruce Wayne with his "time travel hypnosis" where his latest one has Batman teaming up with Scalphunter when Batman was placed in 1862 to learn the secret of the Bat-Emblem in a Civil War campaign patch.
In 2010, the character reappeared in the "" storyline where the Black Glove (lead by the mysterious Doctor Simon Hurt) attempted to convince Carter to help aid them in sacrificing an amnesiac victim to the bat god Barbatos in exchange for funding for his time-travel experiments. Carter Nichols rejects the offer when he refused to participate in the sacrifice which enabled the amnesiac victim (who turned out to be Bruce Wayne) to escape through time. Simon Hurt arranged for Carter Nichols to not be taken seriously as a scientist. At some earlier point in Batman's history, Joker, Riddler, Catwoman, Scarecrow, and the Imposter Mad Hatter trap Batman and Robin in a torture device that they had Carter Nichols make. In the present, Batman (Dick Grayson) and Robin investigate Carter Nichols' lab and find him dead. Although Dick notices that Carter Nichols is in his eighties, he states that he should be in his sixties. At some point in the future, Damian Wayne as Batman is investigating on how Carter Nichols died.

</doc>
<doc id="20898981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898981" title="Curt Wardle">
Curt Wardle

Curtis Ray Wardle (November 16, 1960 in Downey, California) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons. He pitched for the Minnesota Twins from 1984 to 1985 and the Cleveland Indians in 1985.
Wardle attended the University of California, Riverside, where he played college baseball for the Highlanders in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20898983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898983" title="HumaPen">
HumaPen

The HumaPen Memoir is an insulin delivery implement produced by Eli Lilly and Company. It is a needle-based injector medical drug delivery device that stores in memory a record of the last 16 injections. A similar product by the same manufacturer is the HumaPen Luxura HD, which has no memory function. The pens deliver between 1 and 30 units of insulin in half-unit increments. Insulin pen injectors use short needles to deliver precise insulin doses, and are highly portable.

</doc>
<doc id="20898995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898995" title="Though None Go with Me">
Though None Go with Me

Though None Go With Me is a 2006 made for TV movie that premiered on Hallmark Channel. It is directed by Armand Mastroianni, and stars Cheryl Ladd. The film is based on the best-selling book by Jerry B. Jenkins.
Plot.
Elizabeth Leroy is a young woman growing up during the 1950s in the United States. She has devoted her life to serving God but through many hardships and heartbreaks over the years, her faith is tested. She begins to question the purpose of her life.
Elizabeth lives with her widowed father who is a doctor. Her mother died of cancer when she was young. She just finished school and wants to see the world, so has no intention of settling down with childhood friend and neighbour Will Bishop when he asks her to marry him. One day she is asked to pick up the new assistant pastor, Ben Phillips, at the train station and show him around town. Expecting to meet an older gentleman, she is surprised to find him to be young and handsome. They fall in love and get engaged. She is heartbroken when he leaves to serve as chaplain during the Korean War. He explains that he believes God called him to serve, and that he promised God to follow Him no matter what. He also promises to marry her when he returns. At the train station he gives her a Bible with the inscription in the front, "Though none go with me, yet will I follow. No turning back, no turning back." They write letters and she keeps herself busy helping other people. When her father passes away, she discovers that he has left her no money, plus the house is heavily mortgaged, leaving the bank to take possession of it. She moves in with her neighbor Will who also offers her a secretarial job in his auto insurance company. One day, an army officer stops by their door to tell her that Ben has died when the army hospital took a direct hit. She is crushed and faints. As time passes she begins to fall in love with Will, especially when he starts dating someone else. When she decides it's time to move out of his house, he declares his love for her and they get married. When they return from their honeymoon, Elizabeth receives a letter from Ben who writes that he wasn't killed but has been a prisoner-of-war and will soon be home. She tells Will who is heartbroken and asks her whether she will stay with him out of loyalty or does he have her heart? She declares her love for Will and does not intend to leave him. When Ben comes home, they embrace and she tells him that she was told he was dead and that she married Will. He is crushed, but asks her to write him to tell her what's happening in her life. Will and Elizabeth have many happy years together and are blessed with a son. He and his wife are killed in a car accident on the way home from a Christmas party, leaving their daughter to be raised by her grandparents. At this point, Elizabeth becomes angry at God, asking Him why He keeps taking away everyone that she loves - her parents, her first love, and now her son. Will eventually dies of brain disease after 40+ years of marriage. Not long after that, her best friend Fran hosts a party to thank her for 50 years of service to the community. Many people tell stories of how she impacted their lives and she is deeply touched. One of the attendees at the party is Ben...
Title.
The phrase "Though None Go With Me" is from the lyrics of a religious song called "I Have Decided to Follow Jesus" with lyrics by Sadhu Sundar Singh set to a Hindustani melody.

</doc>
<doc id="20899005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899005" title="Frank Wayenberg">
Frank Wayenberg

Frank Wayenberg (August 27, 1898 – April 16, 1975) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched in two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1924 Cleveland Indians season.

</doc>
<doc id="20899007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899007" title="Victor (name)">
Victor (name)

Victor is a masculine given name of Latin origin. The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20899009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899009" title="Camissonia contorta">
Camissonia contorta

Camissonia contorta is a species of evening primrose known by the common name plains evening primrose. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California to Idaho, where it grows in many habitat types. It is an annual herb producing a slender, bending to curling red or green stem which is sometimes hairy. It is up to 30 centimeters long and erect or spreading out. The blue-green leaves are linear to very narrowly oval in shape and up to 3.5 centimeters long. The nodding inflorescence produces one or more small flowers. Each has bright yellow petals up to half a centimeter long, sometimes with small red dots near the bases. The fruit is a capsule about 3 centimeters long containing shiny seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="20899028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899028" title="After the Room Clears">
After the Room Clears

After the Room Clears is an album by Permanent Me, released in 2007.
Track listing.
All tracks by Brian Kapler.

</doc>
<doc id="20899034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899034" title="Pontes e Lacerda">
Pontes e Lacerda

Pontes e Lacerda is a municipality Brazilian state of Mato Grosso. Is located 450 km from Cuiaba, at a latitude 15° 13'34" south and a longitude 59° 20'07" west, with an altitude of 254 meters. Its estimated population in 2006 was 42,429 inhabitants. It has an area of 8,423 square kilometers.
History.
The region where today is located in the municipality of Pontes e Lacerda was originally inhabited by Indians, represented by Nambikwara. Were virtually decimated by successive incursions of bandeirantes paulistas in the region (18th century) and the mining boom of the 18th-19th century, which followed the gold exploration of Vila Bela of the Trinity. Already in the twentieth century, suffered from the exploitation of wood, the rubber tappers and farmers with land disputes and grileiros established in the region in the mid-70s. Received harboring the Jesuit priest Antonio Iasi, Jr., who fought for the establishment of the Indigenous Land Sararé, an area of 67,420 hectares currently live about 71 Indians.
The origin of the name refers to the year 1784, when two cartographers and astronomers trained by the University of Coimbra, Portugal, designed the first rough map of the river basins of the Amazon and Plate. They were Antonio Pires da Silva Pontes, a miner, and Francisco Jose de Lacerda e Almeida, a São Paulo.
In 1906, it built the telegraph-pole of Pontes e Lacerda (now restored), at the time of the survey ethnologic, cartographic geographical and biological started the following year by the Commission for Strategic and telegraph lines of Mato Grosso to the Amazon. Led by Marshal Cândido Rondon, the Commission Rondon, as was known, esquadrinhou thousands of miles of land, rivers and geographical coordinates to the Amazon, and then to Acre. The work was completed in 1915.
Until 1976, Pontes e Lacerda was a cluster belonging to the city of Vila Bela of the Trinity, becoming a district that this year, through the State Law 3813. Finally in 1979, through the 4167 state law, was the municipality of Pontes e Lacerda, dismembered them for part of the territory belonging to the village of Bela Trinity.

</doc>
<doc id="20899039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899039" title="Little Tibet">
Little Tibet

Little Tibet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20899043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899043" title="Mark III Stellar Interferometer">
Mark III Stellar Interferometer

The Mark III Stellar Interferometer was a long-baseline optical astronomical interferometer, located at the Mount Wilson Observatory, California, United States. It had a maximum baseline of 32 meters and operated in wavelengths between 450 and 800 nm. A joint venture between the United States Naval Observatory, the Naval Research Laboratory, the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, it began operation in 1987 and was closed in 1992. The Naval Observatory later constructed a larger interferometer, the Navy Prototype Optical Interferometer.
The Mark III interferometer was used to resolve a number of spectroscopic binary systems, including Alpha Andromedae, Phi Cygni, and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="20899052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899052" title="Tom Tellmann">
Tom Tellmann

Thomas John Tellmann (March 29, 1954 in Warren, Pennsylvania) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for five seasons. He pitched for the San Diego Padres from 1979 to 1980, the Milwaukee Brewers from 1983 to 1984, and the Oakland Athletics in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20899079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899079" title="Eddie Watkinson">
Eddie Watkinson

Eddie Watkinson (born 1979) is an experimental video and internet artist. Eddie studied design and technology at Parsons The New School for Design. Eddie has had his work shown nationwide through Siggraph and at New york Animation Festivals. In 2009 he competed in the motion graphics competition at Cut&Paste. Eddie has animated several television and film spots including Iceroad Truckers, Inside Edition, and ESPN Classic.

</doc>
<doc id="20899085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899085" title="Leap of Faith (Dave Douglas album)">
Leap of Faith (Dave Douglas album)

Leap of Faith is the 15th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the Arabesque label in 2000 and features performances by Douglas, Chris Potter, James Genus, and Ben Perowsky.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos awarded the album 3 stars stating "Listeners with attention spans that allow them to focus on this heady brand of creative modern jazz will easily hear this as one of many triumphs concocted by Douglas in the 1990s. This collaboration is among his better team efforts. Highly recommended". 

</doc>
<doc id="20899116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899116" title="Yiwulü Mountain">
Yiwulü Mountain

Yiwulü Mountain () or simply Lü Mountain () is located in the western part of Beizhen City, in Jinzhou City, Liaoning Province. It is one of the Three Greatest Mountains of Northeast China.
General.
Yiwulü Mountain or simply called Lü Mountain is one of the Three Greatest Mountains of Northeast China. Its highest peak is 867 meters above sea level. It is located about 5 kilometers west of the center of Beizhen City, in Jinzhou City, Liaoning Province. "Yiwulü" comes from a Manchu language word, meaning "full of green".

</doc>
<doc id="20899130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899130" title="Tetrapteron graciliflorum">
Tetrapteron graciliflorum

Tetrapteron graciliflorum is a species of evening primrose known by the common name hill suncup. It is native to Oregon and California, where it grows in several habitat types, often on clay soils. It is an annual herb generally with no stem but producing an upright, nodding inflorescence. There is a cluster of narrow leaves each one to ten centimeters long. The flowers have bright yellow petals one half to two centimeters long. The fruit is a leathery capsule less than a centimeter in length with four chambers containing bumpy brown seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="20899140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899140" title="Hosshō-ji">
Hosshō-ji

Hosshō-ji is known as one of the , which encompass monasteries enjoying extravagant Imperial patronage from their inception. They are sometimes identified as the "Superlative Temples" or the ""Shō" Temples" because of the middle syllable of the temple name.
History.
Hosshō-ji was founded in the early Heian period. It was built on the site of one of Emperor Shirakawa's former palaces. 
This temple and the other Rokushō-ji establishments had a particular function within the "cloister government" ("insei") system. Although the monasteries were ostensibly established in fulfillment of vows made by these members of the Imperial family, the relationship of Emperors Shirakawa, Toba, Sutoku, and Konoe with Hosshō-ji and the other "imperial vow" temples and with the imperial residences that adjoined the temple complexes is quite revealinq. Clearly the temples were not built simply as acts of piety but as ways of protecting estate income and a certain style of life. Evidently the building of new temples could serve as a coercive device to extract support from other "kuge" families and to justify the use of public taxes for the benefit of members of the imperial-house, the religious intent giving support to the political interest.
The Rokushō-ji were also called the six "Superiority Temples;" and each were uniquely dedicated to an aspect of esoteric Buddhist ontology, as in 
An earthquake in 1185 destroyed most of the structures; and they were not reconstructed.

</doc>
<doc id="20899183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899183" title="Jean Baptiste Wilkie">
Jean Baptiste Wilkie

Jean Baptiste Wilkie (1803–1886) was a Métis chief from the Pembina area. 
Wilkie's father, Alexander, was of Scottish origin and his mother was a Chippewa named Mezhekamkijkok. He married Amable Elise Azure, the daughter of Pierre Azure and Margaret Assiniboine. Many of his descendents currently reside in present day North Dakota, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, and Montana.
Family.
Jean Baptiste Wilkie had several children:
Accomplishments.
On June 15, 1840, Chief Wilkie led 1,630 hunters in a buffalo hunt. A council was held to elect the leaders of the hunt, and ten captains were named. Wilkie was elected to be the most senior captain. 
Many Native Americans stopped at his house in St. Joseph. In 1861, several Sioux and Chippewa opened fire on each other. Red Bear, the brother of a Chippewa chief, was among those killed.
In the 1860s, Chief Wilkie made peace between the Métis and the Dakota, who had been enemies for many generations. Wilkie and Peter Grant traveled to Washington and met with U.S. President Abraham Lincoln, who provided them with ammunition. Wilkie and several other men went into a Dakota village and asked to meet with the chief. The meeting started off tense, and the Dakota warriors were said to have been so angry that they slashed the cloth covering the lodge. After smoking the pipe of peace, an agreement was made. Later, the Métis and Dakota met at Grand Coteau in order to trade and get to know each other. It was said that out of the hundred that came, none left with the same horse they brought.

</doc>
<doc id="20899184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899184" title="The Harvest Floor">
The Harvest Floor

The Harvest Floor is the fifth full-length studio album by American deathgrind band Cattle Decapitation. It was released through Metal Blade Records on January 20, 2009. The album was recorded and mixed at Sharkbite studios in Oakland, California, with engineering and production by Billy Anderson. The artwork was designed by Wes Benscoter, and shows the outside of a large slaughterhouse with the "general public being herded inside to meet their demise."
Music video.
A music video was made for the song "Regret and the Grave", depicting an idea similar to the album cover, with the SWAT police driving numerous people onto the outskirts of a city, putting bags on their heads, and forcing them into cages. It also shows two people being led into a dark, abandoned slaughterhouse and a woman looking desperately out of her cage. All this is shown in between shots of the band playing in a slaughterhouse.
Reception.
"The Harvest Floor" sold 1,700 copies in the United States in its first week of release, according to Nielsen SoundScan. The album debuted at number 16 on the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20899248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899248" title="Adam Cruz">
Adam Cruz

Adam Cruz (born 1970) is an American jazz drummer from New York City.
Biography.
He is best known for his work with pianist Danilo Perez, saxophonist Steve Wilson, David Sanchez, and pianist Edward Simon. He has also toured and recorded with the Mingus Big Band, saxophonist Chris Potter, guitarist Charlie Hunter, and Chick Corea's Origin.
Cruz's debut album as a leader was released in 2011 on Sunnyside Records. "Milestone" was given favorable reviews by the Los Angeles Times, Downbeat Magazine, and JazzTimes. The New York Times describes the album as "Informed by several strains of Latin music but just as meaningfully by brisk post-bop and lyrically minded free jazz".

</doc>
<doc id="20899254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899254" title="Pavoraja mosaica">
Pavoraja mosaica

The Pavoraja mosaica (Mosaic skate) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family. It lives in depths ranging from 300 meters to 450 meters off the northeastern coast of Australia. Its maximum size is 27.9 centimeters.

</doc>
<doc id="20899263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899263" title="Norrmén house">
Norrmén house

The Norrmén house, also known as the Norrmén castle and palace, was a red brick residential house representing the neo-renaissance architecture, situated for 63 years in Katajanokka, Helsinki, Finland, opposite the Uspenski Cathedral. It was designed by architect Theodor Höijer for the chairman of the Helsinki city council, Alfred Norrmén, who ordered the building plans from Höijer in 1896.
The four-floor building was constructed at a fast pace, and the building was already completed in 1897. The top floor of the building contained high-class large apartments, while the much smaller apartments on the bottom floor were mainly reserved for servants. Alfred Norrmén himself lived in the building until his death in 1942. The building also hosted the Eastern Emigrants Club and its restaurant until 1944, when it was discontinued.
Later the building hosted the Allied Commission.
The Norrmén house was dismantled in 1960. The Enso-Gutzeit (currently Stora Enso) main office, built from white marble and designed by Alvar Aalto, was built in its place. It was completed in 1962.
The dismantling of the house has been criticised ever since the year of its dismantling, and many view Aalto's new building in its place as completely unfit for the façade of Katajanokka, and the dismantling of the Norrmén house as one of the greatest wrongdoings in the history of Helsinki. Some have even proposed that Aalto's building should be dismantled and a replica of the Norrmén house should be built in its place. However, the city of Helsinki, along with the National Board of Antiquities is strongly in favour of preserving the main office building.
In the 2004 film "Pelikaanimies", directed by Liisa Helminen, the Norrmén house has been digitally built back in its place.

</doc>
<doc id="20899271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899271" title="Camissoniopsis hardhamiae">
Camissoniopsis hardhamiae

Camissoniopsis hardhamiae is a species of evening primrose known by the common name Hardham's evening primrose. It is endemic to California, where it grows in the chaparral and woodland of San Luis Obispo and Monterey Counties. It is a robust annual herb producing a hairy stem up to about half a meter tall. The leaves are lance-shaped to narrowly oval and up to 12 centimeters long. The nodding inflorescence bears flowers with yellow petals each a few millimeters long. The fruit is a cylindrical capsule up to 2.5 centimeters long containing several dark-colored seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="20899283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899283" title="Benjamin F. Kuhns Building">
Benjamin F. Kuhns Building

The Benjamin F. Kuhns Building is a historic commercial building on State Route 48 in downtown Dayton, Ohio, United States. Distinguished by its little-modified late nineteenth-century architecture, it has been named a historic site.
Built of brick covered with a slate roof, the Romanesque Revival building features elements of stone and terracotta. Its facade is divided into five bays, each of which features a large arch, while the street-facing southern side is functionally a larger form of the facade. The building was designed by Peters and Burns, a Dayton-based architectural company, and constructed under the direction of Dayton contractors Beaver and Butt. During the building's early years, it was home to companies such as the Manhattan Clothing Store and Oleman's Department Store, which maintained premises there in the 1890s and 1910s respectively. However, the building was not always used for commercial purposes; an arts school operated in the building during the 1888-1889 schoolyear. Among the building's interior features is a mail chute, which according to local lore is one of the earliest installed in any building nationwide.
Benjamin Kuhns, the building's namesake, moved from Lancaster, Pennsylvania to Dayton in 1855 at the age of thirty. By his fiftieth birthday, Kuhns was a prominent industrialist, having taken a small Dayton firm and turned it into a prominent manufacturer of agricultural equipment. He was also a prominent philanthropist, having been one of the primary founders of Miami Valley Hospital.
The Benjamin Kuhns Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in April 1978, qualifying because of its historically significant architecture. By the early twenty-first century, the Kuhns Building had undergone a highly successful redevelopment process, but like the Kettering Tower and several other downtown buildings, it experienced foreclosure in 2010 after the corporation that owned it fell behind on the mortgage and on property taxes.

</doc>
<doc id="20899309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899309" title="Paeonia emodi">
Paeonia emodi

Paeonia emodi, or Himalayan peony, takes its name from the Latin for Himalaya, "emodi montes", where it grows in the western part of the mountain range. It is among the tallest of the Peony species, and, while cold-hardy, it grows better in warm temperate climates. It is a parent of the popular hybrid "White Innocence", which reaches 1.5 m.

</doc>
<doc id="20899310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899310" title="A Thousand Evenings">
A Thousand Evenings

A Thousand Evenings is the 16th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas and the second featuring his "Charms of the Night Sky" group. It was released on the RCA label in 2000 and features performances by Douglas, Greg Cohen, Mark Feldman and Guy Klucevsek.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Sam Samuelson awarded the album 4 stars stating "By 2000 trumpeter Dave Douglas had etched himself as one of the most versatile, intriguing, and important players and composers on the scene... "A Thousand Evenings" is an example of great musicians keeping their ideals straight in the oft-murky landscape of major-label contemporary jazz, and is highly recommended". 

</doc>
<doc id="20899319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899319" title="Pavoraja arenaria">
Pavoraja arenaria

The Pavoraja arenaria (Sandy skate) is a species of fish in Rajidae family. It lives in depths ranging from 192 to 712 meters but is usually found from 300 to 400 meters out the coast of western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20899327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899327" title="Antonio Magini-Coletti">
Antonio Magini-Coletti

Antonio Magini-Coletti (17 February 1855 - 21 July 1912) was a leading Italian baritone who had a prolific career in Europe and the United States during the late 19th century and the early part of the 20th century. A versatile artist, he appeared in several opera world premieres but was particularly associated with the works of Giuseppe Verdi, Richard Wagner and the verismo composers. He was also an accomplished exponent of the bel canto repertoire.
Biography.
Magini-Coletti was born in 1855 in the medieval town of Iesi (written Jesi in Italian), which is situated inland from Ancona on central Italy's east coast. Published details of his early life are scant but sources agree that he studied singing during the 1870s with the distinguished pedagogue Venceslao Persichini at Rome's Conservatorio di Santa Cecilia. (Persichini's other students included the lyric tenor Francesco Marconi and Magini-Coletti's fellow baritones Mattia Battistini, Giuseppe De Luca and Titta Ruffo.) 
In 1880, Magini-Colleti made his operatic debut at Rome's Teatro Costanzi, as Valentin in Gounod's "Faust". He continued to perform regularly at that opera house for the next seven years, in addition to making guest appearances in Venice, Florence, Naples and other Italian cities. In 1887 he joined the roster at La Scala, Milan, remaining there for three seasons and singing a variety of leading baritone roles. Most notably, he appeared as the character Frank in the world premiere of Puccini's second opera, "Edgar", in 1889. A year later, he performed his first Count Di Luna in Verdi's "Il trovatore" at La Scala. This part became an especial favourite of his, and he reprised it in numerous houses during the remainder of his career.
Between 1888 and 1891, Magini-Coletti sang to acclaim in Spain, Portugal, Germany, Austria and France. He also crossed the Atlantic for a series of operatic engagements in Argentina, receiving further plaudits. In 1891 he joined the stellar roster of singers at the New York Metropolitan Opera, participating to begin with in a two-month North American tour. His first performance with the Met touring company occurred on November 9, in Chicago, as Telramund in Wagner's "Lohengrin". His other roles on the 1891 tour included Hoël in Meyerbeer's "Dinorah", Count de Nevers in Meyerbeer's "Les Huguenots" and Amonasro in Verdi's "Aida" (opposite soprano Lilli Lehmann and tenor Jean de Reszke), not to mention the title part in Mozart's "Don Giovanni". 
On 14 December 1891, Magini-Coletti made a successful debut at the Metropolitan Opera's headquarters in New York City, singing Capulet in Gounod's "Roméo et Juliette". He performed numerous roles at that house over the next 12 months, including Count Di Luna, Alfio in Mascagni's "Cavalleria rusticana", Don Pizarro in Beethoven's "Fidelio", Escamillo in Bizet's "Carmen" and Figaro in Rossini's "Il barbiere di Siviglia", among others.
Magini-Coletti left America in 1892. He proceeded to pursue a busy schedule of operatic performances in Italy and other European countries, venturing as far afield as Russia and becoming a frequent guest artist at both the Opéra de Monte-Carlo in Monaco and the Royal Opera, Covent Garden, in London. In 1900, he rejoined the La Scala company, performing numerous roles there for three seasons. Most notably, he appeared in the premiere of Mascagni's "Le maschere" in 1901. 
Also in 1901, he sang at La Scala in a memorial concert held to mark the recent death of Verdi, partnering the heroic tenor Francesco Tamagno in a scene from "La forza del destino". The following year, he participated in La Scala's first ever production of Weber's "Euryanthe". Magini-Colleti sang often under the baton of Arturo Toscanini, La Scala's principal conductor, during this period. Toscanini was an ardent advocate of Wagner's music and he conducted Magini-Coletti in performances of "Tristan und Isolde", "Die Walküre" and "Lohengrin". These landmark Wagnerian productions often featured Magini-Coletti's La Scala colleague Giuseppe Borgatti—Italy's best heldentenor. 
Other significant operas in which Magini-Coletti appeared during the course of his 30-year European and American career were Donizetti's "Lucia di Lammermoor", "L'elisir d'amore", "La favorita", "Poliuto" and "Lucrezia Borgia", Verdi's "Otello", "Falstaff", "Rigoletto", "La forza del destino", "Un ballo in maschera", "Luisa Miller" and "La traviata", Puccini's "La bohème", Berlioz's "La damnation de Faust" and Delibes' "Lakmé". 
He died in Rome, aged 57.
Recordings.
Magini-Coletti is one of the earliest Italian-born singers whose voice can still be heard. He made numerous 78-rpm discs of operatic arias, duets and ensembles in Milan for the Zonophone label (in 1902/1903) and for Fonotipia Records (1905–1910). He recorded, too, for the Columbia Graphophone Company. Twenty-two of his Fonotipia recordings have been reissued on CD by Preiser (catalogue number 89518). They show that he possessed a big, vibrant, dark-hued voice of outstanding quality. His breath control was exemplary and he could execute florid music by Rossini or Donizetti with flair and agility due to the thorough technical grounding that he had acquired from Persichini. His Verdi singing also impresses but, oddly enough, he did not record anything from his Wagnerian repertoire.

</doc>
<doc id="20899344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899344" title="Pegintron Redipen">
Pegintron Redipen

Pegetron Redipen (or Pegetron Redipen) is a needle-based injector medical device (drug delivery device) that uses a dual chamber cartridge and is the first and only pen delivery system the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved for administering pegylated interferon (Peginterferon alfa-2b) therapy for chronic hepatitis C. This delivery device is an easy-to-use alternative to traditional vial and syringe. Has short thin needle (30 gauge).

</doc>
<doc id="20899355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899355" title="Bear's Reach (Lover's Leap)">
Bear's Reach (Lover's Leap)

The Bear's Reach is a technical rock climbing route on Lover's Leap near Lake Tahoe, CA. Considered a classic for its grade, it includes both face and crack climbing. The route is named for the crux of the second pitch, a long reach between two large holds. The route is best known in popular culture through viral video featuring Dan Osman speed climbing the route in 4 min 25 sec. This video is a clip from the movie "Masters of Stone IV".

</doc>
<doc id="20899373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899373" title="The Endless Forest">
The Endless Forest

The Endless Forest is a multiplayer online game for Microsoft Windows by "Tale of Tales". In the game, the player is a deer in a peaceful forest without goals or the ability to chat. Pictograms above registered deer's heads represent their names. Players communicate with one another through sounds and body language.
During "abiogenesis", every deer runs around, rubs against trees, or sits next to sleeping deer to cast Forest Magic on one another or party under a night sky filled with floral fireworks in a spectacle, created in realtime, by authors whenever the mood hits them. "The Endless Forest" can be run as a screensaver or an application.
A notable aspect of "The Endless Forest" is the community involvement. The Tale of Tales website has a forum and a community site where many players post their ideas and feedback for the game, which can affect the game's development.
The creators of "The Endless Forest" strived to create an artistic game, a moving painting. Dubbed by its developers as a "multiplayer online game and social screensaver", "The Endless Forest" is not a mainstream MMORPG – it is highly unlike other MMORPGs. The most notable difference between "The Endless Forest" and other MMORPGs is the lack of violence and human communication (talking) in-game.
Development.
Phase One.
The game's prototype was originally commissioned by the Musee d'Art Moderne Grand-Duc Jean, Luxembourg, in 2003. Phase One was first released on September 12, 2005. This Phase included the Ruins and the ability to hop. On February 7, 2006, the streaming beta and beta screensaver version 1.5 was released, with the special addition of ABIOGENESIS. On February 13, an update of the beta version, version 1.5 beta 12, was released. It was in this version that the Pond was first introduced into the forest. It was then that the first series of ABIOGENESIS occurred on the February 15, 16 and 18 during the ARTEFACT festival in Leuven.
Phase Two.
2 months later, Phase Two was launched on April 26, 2006 with greatly improved graphics and sound. With the release of Phase Two came the use of Forest Magic, the ability to change the avatar's appearance, a handful of emotes to express ones self, a giant tree known as the Old Oak, and an update to the ABIOGENESIS system. On September 29, 2006, version 2.1 was released and of the most important features of the game, the Fawn, was added. The Fawn was created for Pixel Me, a traveling art exhibition for young teenagers in Belgium. The show ran from October 2006 to November 2008, stopping in cultural centers across the country. On January 16, 2007 the artistic game project reached 10,000 registered players and had been downloaded over 64,000 times since its first release in September 2005. During this time "The Endless Forest" was being supported by Musée d’Art Moderne Grand-Duc Jean in Luxemburg, Vlaams Audiovisueel Fonds and Design Vlaanderen. On June 21, 2007 the players said goodbye to Phase 2 with the last ABIOGENESIS of the phase. It was during this Summer Solstice ABIOGENESIS that "The Endless Forest" experienced a record breaking attendance, over 80 deer at one time, much more than the little server could handle.
Phase Three.
The Phase 3 beta was released in late August 2007, when the game jumped to over 100,000 downloads and 17,000 registered players, the number of active players per month exceeding 1,500. On September 24, 2007, Phase 3 was officially released for download. In this version, new players began playing as fawns for a little over a month, which after that they grew into full grown stags. It was also in this phase that two new areas were created; The Birch Forest and The Playground, consisting of a bunch of large boulders. Phase 3 was also the first to be created with Quest3D.
On October 24, 2007, "The Endless Forest" crossed 20,000 registered players and over 100,000 downloads.
Version 3.1 was released for Halloween, which consisted of 3 new sets (the Day of the Dead Set, the Crying Mask Set, and the Zombie Deer Set) so players could dress up for the spooky holiday. Version 3.2 was released in honour of Mardi Gras, where 8 new sets, designed by players and textured by students at the Howest college in Kortrijk, Belgium were added to the game. Since January 16, 2012, the latest Version 3.41 is available. 
On March 9, 2008, "The Endless Forest" reached 25,000 registered players and was downloaded almost 200,000 times
Despite the game's growing popularity, the funding was becoming a problem. The game's funding was denied by Flemish Audiovisual Fund again, it had been denied in Phase 3 as well, leaving Tale of Tales with no possible way of applying for funding in Belgium. Development of "The Endless Forest" was at a standstill while Tale of Tales worked on their new game, "The Path"—which itself has been partly supported by the Flemish Ministry of Culture, and was released on March 18, 2009.
Future plans.
Auriea Harvey and Michaël Samyn have general plans for what "The Endless Forest" is to become. They plan to continue the development of "The Endless Forest" in a way that suits themselves and their players. All plans go through the players to get their feedback and reaction. The game is based hugely on community involvement.
The general plan states:
""There's two main facets to the interaction design of "The Endless Forest". On the one hand, it is sort of a magical deer-RPG or simulation game and on the other a stage for virtual performances (kind of an extreme form of Dungeon Mastering)."
You are a stag
"Every player starts the game as a young male deer. An older female (your mother) will guide you through the beginning of the game. As you keep playing, you will grow and your antlers will take on a unique shape."
"There will be magical spells to acquire in the forest. A peculiarity of these is that you cannot cast them on yourself. Only on other deer. These spells can make the game a lot more interesting, so it will be important to find someone who can cast them on you."
"Your deer avatar will live for a full year. If you want to continue playing with all the abilities you've gathered, you will need to procreate. There are plenty of attractive hinds in the forest. Perhaps you can persuade them. But better make sure you chase away your competitors with those awesome antlers of yours."
We are god
"Every once in a while we, Auriea Harvey & Michaël Samyn, the authors and directors of this project, will intervene with one thing or another. Sometimes this may be an elaborate intrusion or addition that impacts life in the forest dramatically. At other times, small things will be added. This way, the forest will remain a living universe where you never know what to expect."
"There will also be live events. Often things that are tied to real-life performances or exhibitions. Usually a remainder of these occasions will be left in the forest, but it will be most interesting to witness and participate in the event when it happens.""
Gameplay.
Basic gameplay.
If the player is registered, he or she will begin the game as a fawn. As a fawn, Forest Magic wears off quickly. In a little over a month, the deer grows up and becomes a stag. Now Forest Magic stays on as long as the deer would like it to.
Common activities in the Forest are exploring, using the Forest Magic and Forest Actions, sleeping, and swimming. There are also social activities that deer commonly engage in, such as dancing, pool parties, hide and seek, and tag. Deer can also be seen jumping over rocks and logs, or running in herds.
Abiogenesis.
Abiogenesis is a spectacle created by the realtime authors of the game. ABIOGENESIS knows no limits – rocks and cages fall from the sky, disco balls spin, lightning bolts flash, the sky changes color, and rainbows pop up out of nowhere. It is a system that allows Endless Forest authors Auriea Harvey & Michaël Samyn to play god. At any moment they can make it rain, make flowers grow and beasts fly. ABIOGENESIS happens either randomly, whenever they please, or in an organised event, during a live performance. It has also been known that a giant stag will come and visit during an ABIOGENESIS performance...
Forest Magic.
Forest Magic is the main way to change the appearance of one's avatar, but the player cannot change his or her own look (The exceptions being some antlers, and the pelt acquired at the Crying Idol.) Other deer must cast spells on them in order to change their look, and it is up to the player to communicate and ask others to change their appearance for them. Only adult deer can keep the spells cast on them, however, registered deer will have the magic cast on them saved for the next time they log on. The magic wears off on all fawns after a short period of time. Swimming in the pond causes a deer to lose all of the Forest Magic that has been cast on them.
There are three antler customizations that the player can get by themselves:
There are two pelts that the player can receive by themselves:
There is one animal that the player can shapeshift themselves into:
There are four additional factors that can affect a player's appearance:
Forest actions.
Because "The Endless Forest" has no chat box, or any human means of communication, players must resort to an action strip along the bottom of the game. This strip includes many buttons. Deer display the actions provided in order to communicate with each other. These actions can be divided up into three types; basic actions, expressive actions, and forest magic actions. The basic actions are stand/lie down, bleat, listen, jump, and rub a tree. For expression actions there are two other buttons, a blue button (emotions) and an orange button (motions). The blue button includes emotes such as quivering in fear, cocking the head in confusion, bowing in thanks/greeting/respect, or hunching over in sadness. The orange button includes actions such as dancing, rearing up on the hind legs, and shaking the head yes/no. Forest magic actions include casting, obtaining, and discarding magic. When a deer gains the ability to cast a spell on another deer, a button pops up. Each form of magic has its own button that will pop up when the spell is obtained; pelt, antlers, mask, and shapeshifted. For example, if a deer gains the ability to change another deer's pelt color, a gold button with a deer imprint on it pops up in the action strip. If they press this button, they cast the spell. There is also a worship button, which can only be used when near the Twin Gods Statue (see Forest Magic) and a deer shaped button where you can remove the spells the avatar is wearing.
Setting.
"The Endless Forest" consists of seven main areas: "First Forest", "Birch Forest", the "Ruin", the "Pond", the "Old Oak", the "Playground" and the "Twin Gods Statue".
The First Forest.
The "First Forest" was the first part of the forest to be created, as well as the only section originally released. Its flora consists of poppies, hyacinths, and ferns, while the fauna consists of doves, butterflies, fireflies, and squirrels. Butterflies are seen floating over the hyacinths in the daytime, while fireflies replace them when it becomes nighttime.
The Birch Forest.
The "Birch Forest" (double the size of the First Forest) was introduced in Phase 3. It added more land to roam and explore, as well as new visuals and sounds. The Birch Forest consists of birch trees and sycamores, blue berries and little birds. With the addition of the Birch Forest, little birds can now also rest upon the deers antlers if the player is very quiet. The grass in the Birch Forest is much taller compared to that of the rest of the forest.
The Ruin.
The "Ruin" was created as part of an exhibition in Phase 1. Exhibition curator Michel Dewilde invited Tale of Tales to contribute to the fourth edition of the yearly Ename Actueel group art exhibition (September 1, 2005 to October 30, 2005) organized by the Provincial Archeological Museum in the small town of Ename in Belgium. When it was first created, its main focus was on Tardis, a time-and-space-travel device featured in the "Doctor Who" television series.
After that, the base of the ruin was introduced, resembling the archeological site of a gothic Saint Salvator church. During the exhibition visitors could steer a deer through the forest like the online players can. But when they stopped playing and the deer went to sleep, the soul of this visitor escaped and started floating through the forest. If the player found a soul, a new button would appear in the action strip which could be used to convert this pagan soul. If the players did a good enough job by the end of the day, a grave would be erected near the ruin. If the players failed and the majority of the remaining souls were still unchristened, a pagan idol would show up. Every day of the exhibition, a grave or an idol was added. The size depended on the amount of visitors of that day. Now that the exhibition and Tardis is over, the ruins stand exactly as they have been created, left to see by the current forest players. Today nothing remains of the once large stone building but its foundations.
The Pond.
The "Pond" was released in Phase 1.5. It was the premiere location for the first ever ABIOGENESIS. Weeping willows, frogs, lily pads, the occasional flower, and some brightly coloured koi fish make up the pond location.
Falling into the pond will cause any deer to lose all of its magic. Without careful footing, all of the players hard earned spells could be lost to the water.
The pond splits off into a small river, over which a small bridge has been built. One of the secrets of the forest is the idea of how the bridge came to being.
Further down the river is the Crying Idol, named for the waterfalls flowing from the statue's eyes. Little red poppies grow around the idol. Players will also get a treat if they end up passing into the idol. Running through the idol will cause the deer to turn red. This red pelt will prohibit other deer from casting more magic onto anyone who wears it, but can easily be 'sneezed' off when they want to get spells again.
The Old Oak.
The "Old Oak" is a large, hollowed-out tree where deer come to rest, relax and rejuvenate. It is a comfortable place. Often when it is raining in the Forest, deer can be seen sleeping in the warm Old Oak. The Old Oak's most notable trait is the low humming sound emitted when the player travels close enough to it.
The Playground.
The "Playground" was released in Phase 3, and was given its name by the players on the community forum. The Playground consists of three large boulders and many other rocks. Deer have the ability to walk, climb and jump over the rocks. If a deer sits quietly enough, little birds will perch on the deers antlers, but they will fly away upon player induced movement of the deer.
Sometimes candles appear on all three boulders, allowing the deer to place candles on their antlers.
The Deermuda Triangle.
There is a set of three suitcase-shaped rocks arranged in a triangle formation nicknamed "The Deermuda Triangle". The area's name was generated completely by two players, Griffinsong and Tae, and is not considered an official area of the forest. Some players claim that mysterious things happen in this area, while others have spent time there and come out without any harm done.
The Deermuda has become widely accepted by players. Game creator Michaël Samyn commented, ""We think that's great. It is exactly how we see storytelling in games: we plant some seeds but the players grow the flowers.""
The Twin Gods Statue.
The "Twin Gods Statue" is central to all ABIOGENESIS performances. During an ABIOGENESIS the two halves of the statue separate and follow the creators' avatars though the forest. A player can activate the ABIOGENESIS camera, which focuses on the Twin Gods statue, by pressing the keys CTRL + W. In addition, if a player uses the 'pray' action at the Twin Gods statue the deer avatar receives a temporary devout pelt. Players will often leave their deer avatars sleeping next to the Twin Gods statue.
De Drinkplaats.
De Drinkplaats (The Watering Hole) is a magical place where deer gather to drink from an endlessly running source. When the player enters the ring of mushrooms, all pelts and masks are shed and the player becomes one with nature. The more players gather, the more forest animals come to witness the idyllic scene. Drinking from the water turns the deer into one of these animals, of varying sizes. Two new animals were introduced for De Drinkplaats: a white rabbit and a black crow.
De Drinkplaats was added to The Endless Forest in response to a commission by Christophe De Jaeger for the Fantastic Illusions exhibition. Fantastic Illusions is a show of work by contemporary Chinese and Belgian artists that refers to the romantic desire to step into a picture and become immersed in it ("Die Sehnsucht, im Bild zu sein"). The exhibition ran in the Shanghai MoCA from September to October 2009, where visitors played The Endless Forest on two computers installed especially for the exhibit. The installation opened in the Kortrijk Broelmuseum in November 2009. The Broelmuseum has a fine collection of 16th-century paintings by the Flemish painter Roelandt Savery, and one of Savery's paintings, entitled "De Drinkplaats" (The Watering Hole), served as the direct inspiration for this addition to the Forest. The actual shape of the fountain was taken from a real-life watering hole in the garden of the museum.
The Ones Who Came Before Us.
Many objects in the forest are clearly sculpted from stone. Examples include the idol of the man at the source of the river, The Ruins, the graves, the cage beside the ruins, the bridge and the forest god statues. Who or what created these artifacts is a mystery. The game creators have yet to respond to queries into the origin of these items, or to the possibility of creatures in addition to the deer living out of sight.
Reception.
Since its first release, "The Endless Forest" has received much positive feedback from the public. "The Endless Forest" has been invited to exhibitions such as Le Cube Festival, Game/Play, Bradford Animation Festival, IETM Autumn Plenary Meeting, VELOCITY festival, Play Cultures, Els límits de la natura ("The Limits of Nature") at Centre d'Art La Panera, Gameworld at LABoral Centro de Arte y Creación Industriale, Night Garden at Mediamatic, Mediaterra, Pixel Me, Edge Conditions at the San Jose Museum of Art, and more. In addition, "The Endless Forest" has been featured in many magazines, such as GEE magazine, Germany, as well as the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. Game also has been featured in TV programs, such as "Bez Vinta" on Gameland TV. Other remarks center upon the game's unfinished nature, as well as hope for what may lie in store for the future.
1 in 5 players discovered the game through fanart posted on deviantART.
"The Endless Forest" has received negative feedback relating to its lack of traits considered essential to MMO games, and to video games in general.
External links.
Official sites
Reviews
Other sites

</doc>
<doc id="20899377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899377" title="Chylismia heterochroma">
Chylismia heterochroma

Chylismia heterochroma is a species of evening primrose known by the common name Shockley's evening primrose. It is native to the desert slopes and woodland of eastern California and Nevada. It is a hairy, glandular annual herb growing a spindly stem up to a meter tall. There is a thick basal rosette of leaves which are mostly oval in shape and several centimeters in length, and generally no leaves higher up the stem. The inflorescence produces several small flowers with four oval petals just a few millimeters long and lavender in color with yellow-tinted bases. The fruit is a club-shaped capsule roughly a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="20899378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899378" title="Margaret L. Kripke">
Margaret L. Kripke

Margaret L. Kripke is a professor of immunology and the Executive Vice President and Chief Academic Officer at The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center. Kripke is considered a founder and one of the world's leading researchers in the field of photoimmunology the study of how ultraviolet light can alter the function of the immune system. She is an expert in the immunology of skin cancers. Kripke earned a bachelor of science and master of science in bacteriology, and a PhD in immunology at the University of California at Berkeley. She is serving her second term on the President's Cancer Panel.

</doc>
<doc id="20899422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899422" title="Park View Middle School">
Park View Middle School

Park View Middle School,is a middle school in Cranston, Rhode Island that is known for its long halls, large student community and its large teacher community.
Also known for its students' school spirit and engaging kids in fun after-school or in-school activities.
Park View middle school has around 500 students and a large Student Council.
The school is also an Alan Shawn Fein Stein School. 
It's sports got taken away but has a very large track,tennis, baseball, basketball and soccer field/area. 
The T.N.T..
The T.N.T. is a school wide talent show which began in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20899445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899445" title="Pavoraja pseudonitida">
Pavoraja pseudonitida

The Pavoraja pseudonitida (False peacock skate) is a species of fish in Rajidae family. It lives in depths ranging from 212 to 512 meters in the Western Pacific ocean off the coast of northeastern Australia. Its maximum size is 37.2 centimeters.

</doc>
<doc id="20899493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899493" title="Sunrise (novel)">
Sunrise (novel)

Sunrise is the sixth and final book in Erin Hunter's "Warriors: Power of Three" children's fantasy novel series. HarperCollins published it on April 21, 2009. The plot follows Jayfeather, Hollyleaf, and Lionblaze on their quest to find Ashfur's true murderer. It was originally to be titled "Cruel Season." While critics criticized the number of characters, they felt the book would quickly grab readers in.
Plot summary.
"Sunrise" begins with Leafpool repeating a long-used ritual to send Ashfur to StarClan. During the process, she discovers a tuft of fur in Ashfur's claws, and she knows whose it is, although she does not say. 
ThunderClan discusses Ashfur's murder, and many think that a WindClan cat killed him since he was found on the WindClan border. To find out, Firestar sends a patrol to WindClan, but Onestar denies the possibility. As the patrol leaves, Ashfoot tells ThunderClan that she sighted Sol near the sight of Ashfur's dead body, and this leads to the thought that Sol killed Ashfur. 
Firestar sends Birchfall, Brambleclaw, Brackenfur, Hazeltail, Hollyleaf, and Lionblaze to the sun-drown-place to find Sol. The patrol finds Sol in the Twolegplace where Purdy lives. Brambleclaw persuades Purdy to live in the Clan as an elder. Both Sol and Purdy agree to go to ThunderClan. When the patrol returns to the Clan, Sol denies killing Ashfur and is kept under guard in the camp.
Being the most curious of the Three, Jayfeather tries to find out who his true parents are. When asking around about his birth, Mousefur reveals that Leafpool accidentally put a strange herb in Mousefur's tansy soon after Jayfeather's birth. After looking through herbs in the medicine cat's den and with herbs sticking to his pelt, he goes to Mousefur to deliver some fresh-kill. Mousefur says that a certain herb sticking to his fur is the mystery herb, but Jayfeather does not know what it is. To find out, he asks Littlecloud when the medicine cats meet at the Moonpool. The ShadowClan medicine cat recognizes it as parsley, an herb that stops the milk of a cat whose kits die. Jayfeather remembers that while going back to the camp after birth, there is another cat with him besides Squirrelflight: Leafpool, Jayfeather's true mother.
At the camp, Hollyleaf too learns that her mother is Leafpool by learning Leafpool came back to the camp the day Hollyleaf and her littermates were born. In response, Leafpool tells the truth: Hollyleaf killed Ashfur, and the tuft of fur found in Ashfur's paw belonged to Hollyleaf.
Angered that StarClan is still keeping the father of the Three a secret, Yellowfang goes to Jayfeather in a dream, tells him, "The time for lies and secrets is over. The truth must come out. StarClan was wrong not to tell you who you were a long time ago," and leaves him a crow's feather, showing their father is Crowfeather of WindClan. 
At the Gathering, Hollyleaf reveals the secret about her and her brothers' parents. Crowfeather denies that he ever has any kits besides Breezepelt, and he states that Leafpool and their kits mean nothing to him. Breezepelt and Nightcloud are both outraged about never being informed. Although Hollyleaf feels proud of finally revealing the secret, Jayfeather and Lionblaze are both confused and angry. Seeing how everyone feels she did something wrong, Hollyleaf runs off into the tunnels which collapse.
Jayfeather realizes that only he and Lionblaze are part of the prophecy's Three. However, as he watches Whitewing's kits walking in the clearing, he realizes that one of the kits will be the third, being the granddaughter of Cloudtail who is the nephew of Firestar.
Reception.
A lukewarm review from "Children's Literature" stated, "While the numerous characters may be confusing to those unfamiliar with the series, it will not take many pages for them to become enthralled with the adventures of the cats and anxiously be awaiting future books." 

</doc>
<doc id="20899516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899516" title="Pavoraja umbrosa">
Pavoraja umbrosa

The Pavoraja umbrosa (Dusky skate) is a species of fish in Rajidae family. It lives off the coast of northeastern Australia in depths ranging from 360 to 731 meters. Its maximum size is 36.9 centimeters.

</doc>
<doc id="20899600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899600" title="Anita Wood">
Anita Wood

Anita Marie Wood Brewer (c. 1937 – ) (also known as Little Bitty and Little ) was a TV performer, recording artist and girlfriend to Elvis Presley. She later married NFL football player Johnny Brewer. Presley and Wood met in 1957 and in the same year Presley referred to Wood as his "No. 1 Girl". The two dated seriously for several years from 1957 to 1962. Wood signed a contract to work as an actress for Paramount Pictures, but later gave it up for Presley. In 1976, Johnny Brewer sued the Memphis Publishing Company for libel when it reported that Anita Brewer was divorced from Brewer and reunited with Presley in Las Vegas. Anita Wood appeared on the Larry King show in 2005 to talk about her romance with Elvis Presley.
Anita recorded for ABC-Paramount (1958); Sun (1961); and Santo (1963). She also worked on the Andy Williams TV Show (summer 1958) and is the uncredited vocalist with Williams on "The Hawaiian Wedding Song (Ke Kali Nei Au)," a Top 15 hit in early 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="20899606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899606" title="Kansas City School District">
Kansas City School District

Kansas City School District can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20899625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899625" title="Here My Home Once Stood (book)">
Here My Home Once Stood (book)

Here My Home Once Stood: A Holocaust Memoir (ISBN 0-615-21703-6) is a 2008 World War II memoir told in Russian by Moyshe Rekhtman and transcribed, translated and written by his grandson Phil Shpilberg.
As a fourteen-year-old Jewish boy who had rarely ventured outside his small, remote village, Moyshe Rekhtman may seem an unlikely escape artist. But his iron will and quick wit allowed him to survive when all seemed lost. Staging escapes from death camps and avoiding Nazi pursuit through the frozen Ukrainian countryside-all while facing the loss of his family, famine, constant threat of capture, torture, and execution - would be a monumental task for the strongest of men. Despite his mild manners, emaciated body, and poor vision, he evaded the death squads in Nazi-occupied Ukraine for four years. Moyshe's Holocaust memoir is a remarkable example of human fortitude during a time when many welcomed an end to their suffering.

</doc>
<doc id="20899639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899639" title="Schur's property">
Schur's property

In mathematics, Schur's property, named after Issai Schur, is the property of normed spaces that is satisfied precisely if weak convergence of sequences entails convergence in norm. 
Motivation.
When we are working in a normed space "X" and we have a sequence formula_1 that converges weakly to formula_2 (see weak convergence), then a natural question arises. Does the sequence converge in perhaps a more desirable manner? That is, does the sequence converge to formula_2 in norm?
Definition.
Suppose that we have a normed space ("X", ||·||), formula_2 an arbitrary member of "X", and formula_1 an arbitrary sequence in the space. We say that "X" has Schur's property if formula_1 converging weakly to formula_2 implies that formula_8. In other words, the weak and strong topologies share the same convergent sequences. Note however that weak and strong topologies are always distinct in infinite-dimensional space.
Name.
This property was named after the early 20th century mathematician Issai Schur who showed that "ℓ1" had the above property in his 1921 paper.

</doc>
<doc id="20899654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899654" title="James Waddel">
James Waddel

James Waddel (or Waddell, July 1739 – September 17, 1805) was an Irish American Presbyterian preacher from Virginia noted for his eloquence.
Biography.
James Waddel was born in Newry, Ireland in July 1739. His parents, Thomas and Janetta Waddel, emigrated to the United States later that same year, settling in southeastern Pennsylvania, near the Delaware line. When James was about twelve years old he suffered an injury to his hand. This incapacitated him to the extent that his father thought it was necessary for him to be educated, so that he could support himself. He was educated at the historic 'Log College' (now West Nottingham Academy) at Nottingham, Pennsylvania and was taught by Rev. Dr. Samuel Finley, DD. He became so proficient in ancient languages that he became a tutor at that school when he was fifteen years old. He became an assistant teacher in Reverend Robert Smith's academy in Pequea, Lancaster County.
When nineteen or twenty years old, he moved to Louisa County, Virginia, where he became a tutor. Meriwether Lewis was one of his students. Under the influence of Samuel Davies, Waddel decided to study for the ministry. He studied theology under John Todd and was licensed to preach in 1761, and the next year became pastor of Presbyterian churches in the Northern Neck of Virginia. He started several churches in Northumberland and Lancaster counties, introducing the Presbyterian Church into areas where previously there had only been the Anglican Church.
In Lancaster County, James met Mary Gordon, the daughter of Mary Gordon (Harrison) and James Gordon, a wealthy and influential planter. In 1767 James and Mary were married from "Verville", the home of her father, into the "Honeymoon Cottage" at Merry Point, on the Corrotoman River. The couple eventually had ten children, nine of whom survived to adulthood. 
When the American Revolutionary War began, the Waddel family moved to the Tinkling Spring church in Augusta County and also preached in Staunton. He purchased a large farm called "Springhill" on the South River by Waynesboro. During the war he made many addresses to soldiers encouraging them to fight; one stirring sermon in particular was having been given to the forces of Campbell, McDowell, and Moffett, while assembled at Midway in preparation to meet the army of Charles Cornwallis in North Carolina. 
In 1785 he settled on an estate in Louisa County, where he supplied vacant pulpits and was principal of a classical school. He visited George Washington the next year. He became blind about 1787 due to cataracts, but continued his labors without interruption, writing as well as preaching with great industry, and was known as "the blind preacher." 
Dickinson College gave him the degree of D.D. in 1792. He died at "Hopewell", his Louisa County estate near Gordonsville, Virginia, in 1805. His last words were recorded as "Let me die, take the pillow from beneath my head. Lord Jesus, receive my spirit."
Legacy.
Waddel is described as being tall and erect with fair complexion and blue eyes. After he lost his sight at the age of 48 he continued to write and teach until his death. He is invariably described as cheerful, happy, and resigned to his physical afflictions. 
Before his death he ordered that all his manuscripts be burned, so that his eloquence has become a matter of tradition. The best idea of him as a pulpit orator is to be gathered from the sketch of Dr. Waddel as the blind preacher in William Wirt's "Letters of a British Spy". This was written in 1803, when Dr. Waddel was old and infirm. It has been questioned how far the author gave himself the license of fiction in his description, but Dr. Waddel's biographer gives a qualified description as follows: 
James Madison, who had been his pupil, said: "He has spoiled me for all other preaching," and Patrick Henry classed him with Samuel Davies as one of the two greatest orators he had ever heard. 
In 1871 his body was moved to the yard of the Waddell Memorial Presbyterian Church at Rapidan, Virginia. His daughter, Janetta Waddel, married the Reverend Archibald Alexander in 1802. His grandson, James Waddel Alexander, wrote a memoir of him originally published in the "Watchman of the South" (1846).
Family.
James Waddell and Mary Gordon had ten children:
Tyler, in "Men of mark in Virginia", omits Isaac and adds a daughter named Mary.
James Waddell is thought to have been a cousin of Rev. Moses Waddel. There are various spellings and pronunciations of the family name. Descendants of James have typically pronounced "Waddell" with a stress on the final syllable and have spelled it with two Ls.

</doc>
<doc id="20899657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899657" title="Vrejlev Priory">
Vrejlev Priory

Vrejlev Priory was a priory of Premonstratensian nuns located at Vrejlev, near Vrå, Region Nordjylland, Denmark.
History.
Vrejlev Priory was founded as a daughter house by canons from Børglum Abbey about 1165. It was small and built out of granite blocks. After a catastrophic fire in 1200 which destroyed the entire premises, it was decided to rebuild. 12 residential cells were built into the new north range for the Premonstratensian nuns who were to live in the rebuilt priory. Another range contained the refectory and cellars, and a third range housed lay sisters, usually unmarried young women or widows whose families paid for the privilege of living alongside the nuns. A cloister completed the four-sided complex. 
After the fire in 1200, the church was expanded into a three aisled Romanesque structure built of less expensive brick. It was remodelled in 1400 to form a church with two aisles in the Gothic style by removing the outside nave, leaving the church asymmetrical in form. The existing tower was added and the bell hung, which was cast by P.H.P in 1400 and is still rung in the tower today.
The priory and nuns were led by the prioress, while the provost, or prior, who was often a layman and local nobleman, acted for them in secular matters. Some priors lived at Børglum Abbey and were monks, but served the same purpose.
Over time the priory came into possession of several farms and other income properties, though it was by no means wealthy. The rents helped sustain the priory and its works.
Vrejlev Priory fared badly in the 1520s and 1530s during the Danish Reformation. It had been necessary for Vrejlev to be taken under the protection of Bishop Stygge Krumpen in the reign of Frederick I because it could not sustain itself. The priory was occupied by rebels under Skipper Clement in his short-lived rebellion of 1534 and given to Claus Iversen Dyer. When Christian III's army crushed the revolt later that year, the priory fell to the crown, which appointed a bailiff to secularize it. The priory church became the parish church of Vrejlev. The nuns were permitted to remain for a time, but the cost of maintaining them there was prohibitive, and the former nuns eventually moved or married.
The estate was given to the nobleman Jens Bille in 1575. After 1609 it passed to a succession of noble families who remodelled the conventual buildings for use as a manor house and estate buildings. The existing buildings, still called Vrejlev Kloster, incorporate two of the conventual ranges which have survived to modern times; the rest has been demolished.
The church served as the local parish church but was also the family church for the local resident nobles, and so was continuously repaired, embellished, and stocked with fine church furniture. There was a raised enclosure to separate the nobles and their guests from the rest of the congregation that was only removed in 1864, when the church became an ordinary parish church for the local community.

</doc>
<doc id="20899667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899667" title="Tárnokréti">
Tárnokréti

Tárnokréti is a village in Győr-Moson-Sopron County, Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="20899674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899674" title="Golden Triangle (Massachusetts)">
Golden Triangle (Massachusetts)

The Golden Triangle is one of the largest retail districts in New England and is located on the borders of Framingham and Natick, Massachusetts, in the heart of the MetroWest region of the state. The district is anchored by the two malls in the area, Shopper's World and the Natick Mall. The area is the second largest shopping district in Massachusetts outside of Downtown Crossing in Boston.
History.
The Golden Triangle was originally a three square mile district on the eastern side of Framingham, bordered by Worcester Rd. (Route 9), Cochituate Rd. (Route 30), and Speen Street in Natick. In 1993, the area began to expand beyond the borders of the triangle with construction of a BJ's Wholesale Club and a Super Stop & Shop just north of Route 30. It now includes the original area plus parts of Old Connecticut Path, Concord St. (Route 126) and Speen St. north of Route 30. Because of the size and complexity of the area, Framingham and Natick cooperatively operate it as a single distinct district with similar zoning.
The area was formed with the construction of Shoppers World in 1951. Shoppers' World was a large open air shopping mall, the second in the US and the first east of the Mississippi River. The mall drew many other retail construction projects to the area, the first of which was Sherwood Plaza built in 1959. In April 1960, when Sherwood Plaza opened for business, it contained and Elm Farm Food store, a W.T. Grant store and the third Zayre store in the Zayre chain as well as the only Zayre warehouse, and the Zayre main offices. Retail developments thereafter included Marshalls (1961, rebuilt as Bed, Bath and Beyond 1997), Caldor (1966, Rebuilt as Wal-Mart in 2002), Bradlees (1960s, rebuilt as Kohl's in 2002), the Route 30 Mall (1970), an AMC Framingham 15, the Framingham Mall (1978, rebuilt 2000) and Lowe's (formally the Verizon Building, 2006). Complementary developments in Natick include the Natick Mall (1966, rebuilt in 1994, expanded 2007), Cloverleaf Marketplace (1978) and the Home Depot. In 1994, Shoppers' World was demolished and replaced with a strip mall named Shoppers World. There are also seven hotels and two car dealerships located within the Triangle.
In addition to retail properties, there are large office developments located in the area including several companies headquartered in the triangle; the world headquarters of TJX is located at the junction of Route 30 and Speen St, as is the main office of IDG and IDC. Breyers, Leggat McCall, the American Heart Association and the American Cancer Society have facilities in the area. Boston Scientific headquarters is housed in Natick, in the old Carling Brewery building and former Prime parkway complex. In all there are over a dozen large office complexes located in and along the borders of the Triangle.
In February 2012, FedEx received permission from the Natick Zoning board to construct a new distribution facility adjacent to the Boston Scientific property, on Superior Ave. The new facility is designed to handle FedEx business side customers through its FedEx Ground unit. Local residents complained about the facility, stating that with all the new residential construction in the area, a new athletic facility should be built in the area instead to accommodate the influx of new families.
Housing.
In the 1950s, when Shopper's World was constructed, the area was a mixture of farmland and single-family housing. Since that time, the majority of the single-family homes were razed and replaced with commercial properties or turned into commercial properties. The remaining homes in the area are found at the west end of the Triangle in several small subdivisions.
Before the town of Framingham enacted a ban on large scale multi-unit apartment buildings in the mid 1970s, two larger complexes were built in on the edges of what is now the west and south ends of the triangle. The first constructed was the Lord Chesterfield complex on Greenview St. It is a series of six two-story buildings with approximately forty units per building with a small amenities building on the west side of the lot. The Bayberry Hill apartments are a larger six-story building limited-access complex on Dinsmore Ave. on the southwest side.
Since the construction of the two apartment complexes, the level of housing in the triangle has remained the same or dropped as older homes were demolished or converted to business use. However, the addition of the "Nouvelle at Natick" condominiums at the Natick Mall in 2008 added over 300 luxury housing units in the heart of the region. The units, part of the reconstruction of the Natick Mall, are part of the "lifestyle center" concept envisioned by mall owner General Growth Properties. The units, ranging from $200,000-$1,000,000, are marketed with such amenities as concierge service, valet service, a roof-top garden, exclusive access to the mall and membership to a local, high-end health club. As of December 2008, the complex did not meet the sales expectations of the company; additionally, General Growth's financial troubles began to worry residents over the future of the facility. in September 2009, "The Boston Globe" reported that Nouvelle at Natick would auction off 42 of the 215 units, with bids starting as low as $160,000.
A second set of apartments featuring 404 units in two 11-story buildings opened at the east end of the Cloverleaf Market place, a former mall that once housed a K-Mart. An additional set of Chapter 40B compliant condominiums opened on Chrysler Ave. adjacent to Home Depot, beginning in 2008, expanding the amount of housing along the east side of the Triangle. To offset costs of the new development, the developer Avalon Development paid the town US$2 million in offset money to alllay concerns that the facility would put a burden on community services. After the development was approved, Framingham sued to stop it claiming that the facility would put an added burden on the roadways located in Framingham. The suit was dismissed as having no merit.

</doc>
<doc id="20899675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899675" title="Harpos Concert Theatre">
Harpos Concert Theatre

Harpos Concert Theatre is located at 14238 Harper Avenue, Detroit, Michigan in the United States. It is known as a venue for Heavy Metal and Industrial Rock.
It was built in 1939 for the Wisper and Westman circuit as the "Harper" Theatre. It was built for about $290,000 and was designed in Art Moderne style by Charles N. Agree. There is an vertical sign on the front of the theatre that spells out "HARPOS," adapting the old Harper Theater sign. There are murals in the lobby and auditorium by Thomas di Lorenzo.
It was converted to a Rock club in 1973.
Bands that have performed there over the years have included Iron Maiden, U2, Dio, White Zombie, Danzig, The Misfits, Paul Rodgers, Anthrax, Foghat, Cheap Trick, Rob Halford, Kick Axe, Robin Trower, Dead Kennedys, Mitch Ryder, Motörhead, Blue Öyster Cult, Alvin Lee, Ted Nugent, Bachman-Turner Overdrive, John Entwistle, INXS, Ace Frehley, Yngwie Malmsteen, Spin Doctors, Helix, Dokken, Y&T, Savatage, Kix, Ian Hunter, Nazareth, Prong, Slayer, Megadeth, Johnny Winter, Michael Schenker Group, Armored Saint, Molly Hatchet, Joe Lynn Turner, Gwar Powerman 5000, Slipknot, Coal Chamber, Mushroomhead, Insane Clown Posse, W.A.S.P., FireHouse, Jackyl, Twisted Sister, Brian Setzer and many others. The venue has also hosted shows for hardcore hip hop artists such as Snoop Dogg, LL Cool J, Montell Jordan, Lil' Kim, Run DMC, Salt-n-Pepa, Vanilla Ice, Tech N9ne, Hopsin, Gorilla Zoe, Twista, Boondox, Twiztid, and King Gordy.
Esham, the originator of Detroit's own Acid Rap, who some consider to be the godfather of Detroit hip hop, is the first known rap artist to perform a hip hop show at this club in the early 90's.

</doc>
<doc id="20899686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899686" title="Gary Spivey">
Gary Spivey

Gary Spivey is a self-proclaimed psychic, medium, spiritual healer and spiritual teacher. He has made appearances on radio programs, TV shows, in live casino shows, and also conducts personal readings, seminars, workshops, and retreats.
Radio shows.
Spivey regularly performs morning radio shows. Current stations include shows in New York, Los Angeles (KYSR-FM), Chicago, San Francisco(KYLD-FM), Las Vegas(KLUC-FM), San Diego(XHRM-FM), Sacramento(KSFM-FM), Washington DC, Minneapolis(KDWB-FM), Miami, Milwaukee WMYX-FM), Nashville, Atlanta, KQRC 98.9 The Rock out of Kansas City Missouri, performing on the Johnny Dare Morning Show, as well as in Fort Myers, FL (WXKB-FM) on the Big Mama and The WiLD Bunch Morning Show.
Appearances.
Spivey has appeared on shows such as "Entertainment Tonight", "Hard Copy", "The Ricki Lake Show", "The Other Half", "Inside Edition", "Jeopardy", "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", and "Jerry Springer". He has also guest starred in A&E's "Family Plots" series and on World Championship Wrestling shows where he was scripted to be the mentor of Paul Orndorff. He is known for his unique hair which appears to be a dense, silver afro or afro wig.
Books.
Gary Spivey's first book, co-authored with Dean Hymel was written in 2006 is titled "Your Keys to Heaven – Secrets from God".

</doc>
<doc id="20899709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899709" title="Decentralisation in France">
Decentralisation in France

Décentralisation is a French word for both a policy concept in French politics from 1968–1990, and a term employed to describe the results of observations of the evolution of spatial economic and institutional organization of France.
The policy of decentralisation in France was initiated by acts of the French parliament known as Gaston Deferre Laws in 1982. Prior to the new laws French municipalities and departments enjoyed a limited autonomy under laws passed in 1871 and 1884.
Decentralisation in France can be divided into three categories:
Institutional decentralisation.
This is the process of transferring power to newly created institutions and is different from the act of deconcentration of power, which is the transfer of power within the same institution. This decentralisation is general in nature and impacts all policies or powers related to the territory or targeted to specific areas of public policy and government. A further manifestation of this category is the decentralisation of the Banque de France and other public bodies (Groupement d'intérêt public).
Territorial decentralisation.
This aspect of decentralisation is geared to giving the territorial collectivities in France separate defined responsibilities and resources and to provide for the election of representatives by the inhabitants of those territories. Again this is different from deconcentration, which is when the central government aims to improve efficiency by delegating certain policy and powers to a centrally nominated representative (Prefect).
The decentralisation laws passed on 10 August 1871 and 5 April 1884 saw the attribution of powers to departmental councils and municipal councils. Until the 1982 laws the departmental councils had very limited powers and were effectively under the stewardship of the departments prefect.
The 1982 law passed by the government of Pierre Mauroy introduced three new elements :
The 1983 Laws (Gaston Deferre Laws) dating from 7 January and 22 July defined the responsibilities of the new bodies and how they would be financed.
These laws followed the first failed attempt at decentralisation (referendum to refornm the senat and regionalisation) in 1969 by General De Gaulle.
In 2002 and 2004 the second stage of Territorial Decentralisation was set in train by Jean-Pierre Raffarin. The 2003 (28 March) change to the Constitution introduced the principle of financial autonomy of territorial Collectivities and saw the introduction of the words Region and Decentralisation in the French Constitution. The changes also introduced the possibility of holding local referenda and the right to petition.
The changes to the Constitution put in place the financial autonomy of the three levels of local government (commune, department and Region) and the transfer to the regions of new responsibilities in 2004 and 2005.
Functional decentralisation.
This aspect of decentralisation takes place when central of local government decides not to directly carry out one of its powers but to transfer the power to a public body or quango.
In such a case the body has a clearly defined function and budget to carry out the function. Examples could be Universities or the RATP transport authority in Paris.
Financial Autonomy.
Local taxes and duties.
In 2006 47% (89 billion euros)
of local spending was covered by taxes and duties set and raised locally. The main direct taxes are:
The main indirect taxes are:
Government transfers and grants.
In 2006 this represented 33% (62 billion Euro) of local spending. The grants cover the increased spending of local authorities due to the transfer of responsibilities from the central to local government due to decentralisation.
The grants and transfers fall into 3 categories:
The local authorities are free to spend these resources as they decide, however due to ever increasing costs of these grants a Stability Pact was put in place in 1996 and later replaced by a Growth and Solidarity pact in 1999.
Borrowing.
Borrowing is the third biggest source of resources for local government in France. In 2006 it represented 9% (17 billion euros) of spending and has been in constant decline since 1997.
Local authorities do not need to seek central government authorisation in order to borrow money but all resources from borrowing can only be spent on investment (not current spending).
Other resources.
The remainder of local Government resources (11%) comme from rents, duties and European structural funds.
Local Government spending.
Between 1982 and 2007 total spending by Local Government grew from 56 billion euros to 168 billion euros.
Current spending.
In 2007 66% of total spending by Local Government was to cover current expenses, including:
Investment spending.
Totaling 68 billion euros in 2007, it includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20899723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899723" title="Auburn Astros">
Auburn Astros

The Auburn Astros were a minor league baseball team that existed from 1982 to 1995 in Auburn, New York. The team played in the New York–Penn League and was affiliated with the Houston Astros. The team played home games at Falcon Park and was owned and operated by Auburn Community Baseball.
In 1991, with John H. Graham as general manager, the team set the all-time attendance record at Falcon Park.
At the end of the 1995 season, the team was renamed the Auburn Doubledays, the name under which it has operated from 1996 to the present.
Future Major League Baseball players.
Forty-seven (47) future Major League Baseball players played for the Auburn Astros:

</doc>
<doc id="20899724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899724" title="Griffin and Phoenix (2006 film)">
Griffin and Phoenix (2006 film)

Griffin and Phoenix is a 2006 romance film produced by Gold Circle Films, starring Dermot Mulroney and Amanda Peet. It is a remake of the 1976 film "Griffin and Phoenix". Since 2007, the film remake has been shown periodically on the Lifetime Movie Network.
Plot.
A simple yet touching movie about the power of true love.The film starts with Henry Griffin (Dermot Mulroney) learning from his oncologist that his cancer has spread and that he only has one year, two at most, left to live. This discovery starts him on a journey of self-reflection which includes starting a novel and taking a psychology class at New York University. In this class, he meets Sarah Phoenix (Amanda Peet).He asks her on a date and after hesitation she comes. Then the two of them goof around and eventually stay up all night together watching the sunrise. Griffin believes they are close but Phoenix doesn't show as much interest. Although Phoenix sends Griffin the occasional mixed signals, the two team up for a whirlwind of adventurous and almost childlike activities.However Phoenix doesn't want to hurt Griffin or her self by falling in love cause she's too weak to deal with it cause she too has cancer and is also in short of time. One day while at Griffins house after their adventure, while cleaning she comes across his books on dying and "living life to the fullest" and comes to the conclusion that Griffin knows shes ill and is being nice only out of sympathy. She storms out and after their confrontation Griffin explains the books belong to him and he too has cancer.This causes the two to fall for one another, and their relationship deepens Together, they strive to make the most of their last days alive.However while exploring and making the most of their last days, Griffin explains how when he gets seriously ill he will just leave and he wishes for her to not come looking for him cause its something he feels he must do himself. However Phoenix is first to get sick and uses Griffins same words against him. This however deeply hurts Griffin and causes him to overact. But later after realizing he was wrong and he decides he wants to spend the last moments of his and Phoenix life together.The story then ends when Griffin makes 'Christmas' for Phoenix, being her favorite season as well as it would be their last season together. 

</doc>
<doc id="20899734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899734" title="James Smoot Coleman">
James Smoot Coleman

James Smoot Coleman (4 February 1919 – 20 April 1985) was an American scholar, professor and administrator in political science, but more specifically in African studies. He is noted for two of his books, "Nigeria: Background to Nationalism" and "Education and Political Development" which have been called "classics of scholarship".
Coleman was born in Provo, Utah, to a Mormon family, son of Jacob Coleman and Allie Smoot Coleman. He graduated from Brigham Young High School in 1936. He enrolled in Brigham Young University, but interrupted his college education to join the U.S. Army in 1941, and achieved the rank of Lt. Colonel before resigning in 1946 after the end of World War II. Coleman received his bachelor's degree from Brigham Young University in 1947 and his master's (1948). He received a doctorate in (1953) from Harvard University. He was a teaching fellow at Harvard from 1949 to 1950, and again in 1953. In 1953, he became an instructor at the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA), and soon was appointed as an assistant professor. In 1963 he was president of the African Studies Association.
Coleman was the first director of the UCLA African Studies Center from its founding in 1959 until 1965. From 1965 to 1978, Coleman spent over twelve years as a university administrator in Africa. First in 1965 he was Head of the Department of Political Science and Public Administration at Makerere University College at the University of East Africa in Uganda. In 1967 he moved to Kenya to assume the position as Director for the Institute for Development Studies at the University of Nairobi. Finally he went to the University of Dar es Salaam in Tanzania. From 1967 to 1978, while in Africa, Coleman was an associate director of the Rockefeller Foundation and served as its representative for East Africa and Zaire.
Coleman returned to UCLA in 1978 as a full professor in political science and as chair of the UCLA Council on International and Comparative Studies (CICS). As head of CICS he was instrumental in leading the Southern California Consortium for International Studies from 1978 until his death in 1985. In 1984 he became the first director of UCLA's International Studies and Overseas Programs (ISOP) (now known as UCLA's International Institute). 
Coleman married Margaret Tate on 4 February 1944, and they had two sons. On 20 June 1965, Coleman married Ursula Finken. Coleman died suddenly of a heart attack in Los Angeles on 20 April 1985. 

</doc>
<doc id="20899735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899735" title="Pacific National University">
Pacific National University

Pacific National University is one of the largest universities in Khabarovsk Russia. It was established in 1958. Today University trains over 21 thousand students in 54 different majors.
History.
Khabarovsk Automobile Highway Institute was founded by the Order of the USSR Ministry of Higher Education of March 29, 1958, № 351. M.P. Danilovsky became its first President and exercised authority for the next 30 years. The first enrolment was about 150 students. The University trained students in 4 majors: Industrial and Civil Engineering, Highway, Motor transport, Construction and Highway Machines and Equipment. The first engineering students graduated in 1963.
In the beginning of the University activity, the construction of main and laboratory buildings, dormitories and other campus buildings was carried out. In 1962 there were 5 departments: Engineering Department, Mechanical Department, Automobile Department, Highway Department, and Forest Engineering Department. Students were trained in 10 majors. By that time the enrolment increased to 1150 students. Following the Decree of the CPSU Central Committee and the USSR Council of Ministers Khabarovsk of July 12, 1962, № 737-311, Khabarovsk Automobile Highway Institute got the status of Khabarovsk Polytechnical Institute.
In 1967 the construction of campus buildings was finished.
By that time Khabarovsk Polytechnical Institute consisted of ten departments: Mechanical Department, Engineering Department, Chemical Engineering Department, Automobile Department, Highway Department, Forest Engineering Department, National Economy Department, Evening Studies Department, Extra-Mural Department, and General Technical Department (Blagoveshchensk city). The University trained engineering students in 18 majors.
In 1975 a branch of Khabarovsk Polytechnical Institute was founded in Magadan city. The reason was the necessity of engineering staff training in Magadan region.
Khabarovsk Polytechnical Institute received a new status – University, and a new name – Khabarovsk State University of Technology in December 1992. Following the Order of the Federal Agency for Education of March 23, 2005, № 170, the University was renamed as Pacific National University.
Pacific National University is one of the largest Institutions of Higher Education (hereinafter – the University) in Far East, Russia, located in Khabarovsk now.
The University is a member of the Eurasian Association of Universities (XI Congress of the Eurasian Association of Universities, March 10, 2009, Astana city).
University Today.
Today PNU ТОГУ structure comprises 8 Institutes and 3 Departments (according to the privileges of Institutes):
Far East Highway Institute;
Far East Institute of Forest Industry;
Far East Law Institute;
Institute of Architecture and Civil Engineering;
Institute of Information Technologies;
Institute of Automotive and Power Engineering;
Institute of Economics and Management;
International Studies Department;
Department of Mathematical Modelling and Control Processes;
Extra-Mural Department;
Far Eastern Institute of Branch Technologies, Management, Business and Law (Department for Extension and Parallel Training; Extra-Mural Department for Extension Training; Department for Further Professional Training).
Today the University trains more than 21 thousand students in 61 majors of basic higher professional education, 32 Bachelor’s degree programs, 26 Master’s degree programs, 40 scientific majors of postgraduate education. There are 900 members of academic staff at Pacific National University, among them 102 full professors and over 426 associate professors (as of the November 2009).
State Educational Institution for Higher Professional Education “Pacific National University” (SEI HPE PNU) certificate of State Accreditation АА 001639 dated November 10, 2008, registration № 1606. Valid until November 10, 2013. University State License for Educational Activities АА 000594 dated October 27, 2008, registration № 0592. Valid until March 27, 2014.
Research Activities
More than 20 internationally recognized Scientific Schools were established at PNU. PNU scientific researches are carried out in different fields of Physical and Mathematical Sciences, including Theoretical Nuclear Physics, Information and Telecommunication Technologies, Nanotechnologies, Material Science, Mechanical Engineering, Architecture and Urban Planning, Sociology, Economics, Jurisprudence, etc.
During the last years PNU scientists got world-level results of research projects in Mathematics, Nuclear Theory, Thermal Conductivity Modelling, Kinetics of Combustion Processes, Software and Data Communications, Probability Theory, Magneto Optic Phenomena within the frames of fundamental research. There were also created Mathematical Models, Algorithms, Software Tools of Submerged Images Processing, and there investigated the Effect of a Nanosecond Electromagnetic Pulse Irradiation on Physical Properties of Alloys.
The main fields of applied researches are the following: Measuring, Calculation and Control Devices, Information Processing Systems; Computer-Based Information Systems Design; Development of Robot System including Submerged Robotics; Applied Material Science; Improvement of Technological Processes and Machines and Mechanisms Engineering; Improving the Efficiency of Transportation Using and Improvement of its Operating Characteristics; Engineering of Logging Technologies and Timber Processing; Problems of Sustainable Use of Natural Resources and Environmental Protection; Forest Reserve Restoration; Alternative Energy Sources Generation; Design of Industrial and Civil Buildings and Constructions; Development of Modern Construction Technologies and Operation of Transport Facilities.
Annually more than 600 scientific papers which cover the results of PNU scientific researches are published in leading Russian and foreign journals and paper collections of international conferences. The University scientists take part in international conferences and symposiums in China, USA, Japan, Portugal and other countries.
Continuous development of material and technical basis of the University and usage of modern scientific equipment contributes to the increase of research effectiveness. There are more than 20 laboratories, more than 20 Scientific-Educational and Engineering Centers and 2 students’ Design Engineering Bureau at PNU.
The University pays great attention to the development of innovation activity associated with realization of research works (RW) results by the industrial enterprises and also tries to make professional and teaching staff engaged in applied researches. During the last years, PNU has established a number of innovative subdivisions: Innovation and Technology Centre, Technology Transfer Center in Khabarovsky krai, Impulse Center, Nonprofit Partnership “Far Eastern Technology Transfer Center”. There was also implemented the project of Students’ Business Incubator.
The results of many applied research works were realized by Far Eastern industrial enterprises such as "Komsomolsk-on-Amur Aircraft Production Association" named after Yuri Gagarin (KnAAPO) which is included in corporation “Suhoi”, Khabarovsk and Komsomolsk-on-Amur petroleum refineries, JSC “Far Eastern Generating Company”, enterprises involved in Offshore Oil and Gas Exploration Projects the Sakhalin-1 and Sakhalin-2 and by other enterprises. The University teams of researchers actively participate in various competitions for conducting researches within the framework of the Federal Target Programs, Scientific and Technical Programs, Grants in different scientific fields (grants and programs of Federal Agency for Education and Federal Agency for Science and Innovation, The Russian Foundation for Basic Research).
Annually research projects of PNU scientists are presented at Major International Scientific and Technical Exhibitions, including Moscow International Salon of Innovations and Investments (Moscow), International Exhibition & Congress “High Technologies. Innovation. Investments” (St. Petersburg), Moscow International Salon of Industrial Property “Archimedes” (Moscow). They were mentioned with a lot of highest awards, including gold and silver medals. Annually PNU staff and teams of researchers receive not less than 50 patents, certificates of registration of computer programs. The effectiveness of obtaining patent protection is 80 percent of number of applications for inventions and utility models. Totally PNU scientists submitted 298 inventions and utility models for patenting and obtained 259 patents since 2000 till 2008.
The Department of Industrial and Intellectual Property provides legal protection of research results at the University. In 2008 the Regional Patent and Reference Information Centre was established at PNU within the frames of project “The Development of Nanotechnology Industry Infrastructure in Russian Federation in 2008-2010”. Its primary functions are: to provide advisory services on intellectual property (IP) protection; to provide access to databases of State System of Scientific and Technical Information; to carry out analytical, patent research; methodological and consulting support for registration of IP Rights
PNU Ph.D. degree program is conducted in 40 majors, including 5 majors appeared in 2007 -2008. PNU Doctorate degree program is conducted in 7 majors. There are 6 dissertational councils at PNU, which work in 11 majors. The University is a cofounder of four joint dissertational councils. These councils were established on the basis of other higher educational institutions and work in 7 majors. During last three years there were defended 3 doctoral theses 76 PhD theses at PNU dissertational councils.
PNU pays great attention to the students’ research work (SRW). A great part of students begin to participate in research work when they are second - third year students and already actively engaged in research work in main research fields of their chairs when they are already forth – fifth year students. Students’ research work is conducted either within the educational process or during extracurricular activities at the University Chairs, Research Laboratories, students’ Scientific Societies and students’ Design Bureaus.
Every year over 3000 students participate in various SRW events. They participate in all-Russia Contests and Competitions, Inter-University Conferences, International Competitions. During last five years students submitted more than 1000 research papers for the different contests and received more than 600 diplomas, awards, letter of commendation for the participation in the contests, competitions, conferences and exhibitions.
PNU Informatization
Pacific National University has a powerful, modern information and educational complex that includes:
• local the University interior network
• external distributed network
• automated control system of the educational process
• automated control system of the University
• electronic documentation system
• informational - library complex
Technical equipment of PNU informational complex makes possible: to solve various issues related to the informatization of educational process and the University control system, to realize informational-training systems, to conduct research. There are 2200 computers, 40 computerized classrooms at the University, where practical trainings in information technologies majors are conducted. There are many classes with installed interactive whiteboards. The University has its own maintenance and repairing service.
The University local area network (LAN) is built using a fiber optic cable. Technics and technologies applied for LAN development made possible to create the universal telecommunication medium. Its functions are transferring and switching of traffic of any type (data, voice and video) and providing an unlimited set of services under the standard rules and protocols. This medium has a services creation, control, personalization capability. Now, more than 1,750 computers are connected to LAN, 40 servers and 110 units of network equipment are constituent part of the united network.
PNU informatization department developed and realized project of informatization systems of complex automation of the University administrative, educational and scientific activities (IASU PNU). Internet system of distance learning is developing: a data portal was created, through which the system of knowledge delivery was organized; currently Educational and Methodical Complex of 470 the Disciplines is available on website. There was created system of intermediate control of knowledge by means of adaptive testing system AST-3, where offered test for passing 470 examinations and credits. There is also offered client-server system for on-line passing examinations and credits. There is developed and successfully applied the technology of operative creation of electronic textbooks and courses of lectures in chm, djv, pdf formats. Today, more than 3500 students of Extra-Mural Department and Extra-Mural Department for Extension Training actively use the data portal and AST-3 system in educational process.
Pacific National University is actively involved in the informatization process of educational system at the regional level. These problems are solved by the University subdivision - Khabarovsk Regional Center of New Information Technologies (KRC NIT). PNU communication center (the KRC NIT unit) provides a sure high-speed access to Russian educational networks (RUNNet and RBNet) and international educational networks (GLORIAD), to the Internet, as well as to the regional educational resources – resources of the universities and of the academic institutions in the region - for all PNU subdivisions.
Besides, PNU communication center provides management and technical support to the telecommunication industry network of science and higher education institutions of Khabarovsky krai and provides functioning of Khabarovsk Regional Educational Information Network (KREIN). KREIN currently includes about 290 schools of Khabarovsky krai, 21 posts of the inter-school methodical centers system, 3 approbation centers of the secondary education system, leading institutions of higher education and research institutes, the Ministry of Education and 15 departments of Education in districts of Khabarovsky krai, a number of Khabarovsk colleges.
There was designed portal Paydeyya "(http://abc.edu-net.khb.ru) at PNU to form a regional educational content and create Internet sites for the regional educational telecommunication projects. This portal was designed for students’ of general and professional educational institutions usage, lecturers in general and special subjects, parents and educational community. There are presented and regularly replenished materials for students (materials for self-training, self-testing), materials for teachers and lecturers (general and particular subject matters, didactic materials) and special educational programs (extramural courses, contests and competitions, home training) in the portal.
In 2009 a compute cluster was put into commission at PNU with the following specifications: peak performance - 0,93 TFLOPS, 6 knots, the total number of quad-core processors - 24, RAM - 192 GB, disk space - 2.5 TB, operating system is SUSE Linux. The cluster is designed to conduct research in various fields of applied mathematics, theoretical physics, modeling of various processes, economics, to use in educational process for a number of majors at PNU.
The journal “Information Science and Control Systems” is published with the active assistance of PNU scientists. The creator and chief editor of the journal is Evgeny Eremin, Vice-President for Research and Informatization, Doctor of Engineering.
In October 2009, the analytical survey “Apply of Automated Control Systems to Institution’s of Higher Professional Education activities in Russian Federation” was prepared in the State Institute of Information Technologies and Telecommunications "Informika" on the basis of research of automated control systems (ACS) in 673 Russian state and municipal institutions of higher education.
Pacific National University became one of the 55 best Russian institutions of higher education that received the highest scores in all examined ACS areas.
PNU Scientific Library
PNU Scientific Library is the largest among the university libraries in the region. PNU library is the Regional Methodical Centre for 94 state and commercial libraries of institutions of higher education and specialized secondary educational institutions in Khabarovsky krai and Amur Oblast. PNU Scientific Library is a member of ARLICON (Association of Regional Library Consortia), a co-founder of TRICON (Pacific Regional Information-Library Consortium), a member of RLA (Russian Library Association, section of libraries of the institutions of higher education), and initiator of foundation of the Library Corporation in Khabarovsk.
There are about 1.6 million volumes in the library; about 1 million documents, including electronic ones, are delivered to the readers. Annually library serves over 22 thousand readers; 700 thousand people attend the library (including the web-site) per year. Annually library storage is increased by over 30 thousand editions (more than 8 thousand titles of literature).
The overall University Network consists of 4 information centers, operates a local network which contains 113, 56 Sun computer terminals, 10 touch screen kiosks and 5 servers PCs, situated in the library, and has Internet access. All the basic processes, relating to the assets acquisition and scientific document processing, are computer-assisted on the base of Automated Library Information System (ALIS) «RUSLAN» и «MARC SQL». Library serves readers in automated mode by the unified library card through bar-coding technology and integration. Catalog of Electronic Texts contains over 350 thousand records and available either to readers of PNU Scientific Library or to the remote users.
Publishing activity
Publishing activity is carried out by Pacific National University Publishing House, which was established in 1993. It consists of 3 sections: editorial, computer-generated, operative printing quality. PNU Publishing House is modernized with printing and bookbinding equipment.
The main purpose of PNU publishing activity is to provide scientific and educational process at the University through high-quality competitive publishing and printing products. PNU publishing production makes up about 10 percent of the PNU Scientific Library book fund. Every year the University Publishing-Library Council develops annual publications chart. It was established to coordinate activities of Publishing House, Scientific Library, Chairs and other PNU subdivisions.
Annually PNU Publishing House issues 10 - 12 monographs; 20 - 30 collection of scientific works; 35 – 45 titles of learning aids and textbooks; 120 - 150 titles of instructor's manual for all types of training courses and students' self-training; 20 - 40 abstracts of a thesis; 30 - 40 titles of earlier issued printings (reissue), etc.
A number of publications issued by PNU Publishing House were awarded at the 13th Far Eastern Fair-Exhibition "Printing House - 2009" (Vladivostok; October 2009). Three-volume edition “Pacific National University”, released to mark the 50th PNU anniversary, awarded a gold medal in nomination «Albums, Anniversary Editions». “Polylogue in contemporary architectural and artistic images (by examples of Korea, China, Japan)” and “Dispersal of borehole charges”, books issued by PNU Publishing House, received Diploma of the Fair-Exhibition in nomination «Monographs». Seven editions issued by PNU Publishing House were awarded at the Second Far Eastern Regional Contest “University Book 2009”. “Bulletin of PNU” awarded diploma for participation in the contest “The Best Scientific Publication” in nomination “Serial Edition”. PNU Publishing House is a member of the Publishing-Polygraphic Association of Universities of Russia since 2006.
International Cooperation
Presently PNU maintains international relationship with more than 120 foreign partners from 21 countries (68 Universities). The most contracts were signed with countries of Russia's Far East Near Abroad - countries of the Asia-Pacific region, and especially the bordering countries - the People's Republic of China, Japan, Republic of Korea, Korean Democratic People's Republic. In these countries PNU maintains relationships with 71 partners: universities, research centres, production companies, administrative bodies.
According to long-term programs of international cooperation the University carries out activities in academic and students’ exchange, joint research, innovation and technological, educational, cultural and business projects. PNU also trains international students and international Ph.D. students and send Russian students for training abroad. During last years PNU issues Diplomas of Partner-countries under the program of educational cooperation.
PNU is one of the organizers and active participants of the International Forum of University Presidents of Far East and Siberia, Russia and north-eastern provinces of China. The 8th Forum took place in October 2009 in Dalian (China), where 45 Russian and 35 Chinese institutions of higher education were presented.
PNU also has already realized and is still realizing the following international research and educational projects.
• Participates as one of organizers in the annual Inter-University Seminar of Asian Megacities (IUSAM).
• Arranges annual Russian-Chinese Symposium on New Materials and Technologies.
• Established the Russian-German Institute of Information and Computer Sciences at PNU in cooperation with the Saarland University (Germany).
• Established the Laboratory high-precision measuring equipment named after Hideo Otsubo, PNU Honorary Dr. at PNU in cooperation with “Tokyo Seimitsu Co. Ltd” (Japan).
• Participates in realizing a number of the Russian-Chinese programs in architecture, urban planning and restoration of the Russian cultural heritage in Manchuria (Northeast China).
• Participates in the international programs of theoretical research in nuclear physics.
• Conducts Annual International Forums for lectures, Ph.D. students and students of architectural and engineering majors – “New ideas of the new century” (NIoNC) at PNU.
Annually PNU trains more than 400 international students. Totally more than 1600 international students, Master's students, Ph.D. students, interns studied at PNU since 1989 to 2009 (80 percent of them are citizens of China).
The University is certified by international standard ISO 9001:2008 for the provision of educational services.
See also.
Important events of 2009
• Dmitry A. Medvedev, Russian President visited Pacific National University, May 21, 2009. Dmitry A. Medvedev got acquainted with the exhibition-presentation "International and Frontier Cooperation of PNU”, visited PNU Scientific Library and talked with students for more than an hour.
• The Ninth International Research Conference “The new ideas of new century - 2009” was carried out in February 2009. More than 500 participants from 32 universities, academies, institutions of 6 countries – Russia People's Republic of China, Japan, Republic of Korea, Korean Democratic People's Republic, the Republic of Uzbekistan - took part in it.
• The compliance audit of the quality management system of the Pacific National University (QMS PNU) was carried out in April by the international standard ISO 9001:2008 “Quality Management Systems. Requirements”. The compliance audit was carried out by the independent non-profit organization NQA-Russia (Great Britain). According to the audit results there was made positive conclusion about the extension of the international certificate of QMS PNU validity, with the wording: “The University maintains QMS, improves the effectiveness, and preserves the integrity. The University decides issues of improving the educational process, further professional training of lectures, development of training facilities. Job quality management system contributes to the goals and policies of the University”.
• Mr. Ohtsubo, the representative of company “Tokyo Seimitsu Co. Ltd” (Japan) visited Pacific National University in May. During the visit, there were discussed the prospects of developing relations between the company (a leading manufacturer of precision metric tools and equipment for the semiconductor industry) and the University. Prof. Ohtsubo delivered lectures about modern semiconductor technology for PNU students.
• The exhibition-presentation of “The main fields of Cross-Border Cooperation of Pacific National University” were carried out in June at PNU.
• Delegation of Department of disaster prevention in Japan visited PNU in July and got acquainted with the educational process at the University and high level of training in “protection in emergency situations”.
• Professor Sergei N. Ivanchenko, Dr. of Engineering, Pacific National University President, took part in the Eighth International Forum of University Presidents of Far East and Siberia, Russia and north-eastern provinces of China, which was held in Dalian (China).
• In October Events of the Festival "Days of Science in the Far East" were held at PNU under the auspices of Dmitry Zimin Fund "Dynasty". PNU gave his audience to conduct master classes with teachers of physics, mathematics, chemistry and biology, as well as popular science lectures for schoolchildren. More than seven hundred guests - teachers and pupils from secondary schools, lyceums and gymnasiums of Khabarovsky Krai and other Far East regions attended the University.
• International Russian-Chinese Symposium “Advanced Materials and Technologies - 2009” was carried out in October at Pacific National University.
• The first enrolment for training in Journalism major at PNU was carried out.
• Two young scientists, PNU representatives, received presidential grants in contest for Russian Federation President Grants 2009 according to the decision of Federal Agency of Science and Innovation Commission. Ernest Ri, Dr. of Engineering, Associate Professor, “Foundry technology and artistic processing of metals” Chair, received presidential grant for research on the theme "The influence of generator parameters (power and frequency) of nanosecond electromagnetic pulses and vibratory processing of melts on the processes of crystallization of structure and properties of metallic alloys”. Lyudmila Zadvernyuk, Ph.D. in Architecture, Associate Professor, “Architecture and Urbanization" Chair, received a presidential grant for research on the theme “Urban planning culture of the State Bohai (698 - 926) ".
References.
• http://www.khstu.ru/rus/pano/fly_panorama.mov a bird's eye view
• http://www.khstu.ru/rus/?menu=VirtualPano Virtual Tour at the Pacific National University
• http://www.khstu.ru Website of PNU, ex - KSUT
• http://abitur.khstu.ru Information portal for applicants
• http://press.khstu.ru/ Website of Press-center, PNU
• http://ias.khstu.ru Website of Institute of Architecture and Civil Engineering, PNU
• http://iit.khstu.ru Website of Institute of Information Technologies, PNU
• http://technopolis.khstu.ru Newspaper, Pacific National University "Technopolis"
• Page of PNU on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/TOGUTIME
• http://iskra.far-east.info/ Photos of PNU

</doc>
<doc id="20899751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899751" title="Ivo Žídek">
Ivo Žídek

Ivo Žídek (4 June 1926-19 May 2003) was a celebrated Czech lyric tenor, known for his vivid portrayals of character roles in the operas of Smetana, Dvořák and Janáček.
Early life.
Ivo Zídek was born in Kravaře, Czechoslovakia near the Czech-Polish border in the region formerly known as Silesia. He was descended from a long family line of music teachers and cantors. His father, Libor Zídek, was also an actor and a singer. As a youth, he was schooled in Outrava (Moresque Ostrava) where he studied painting because the local music schools had been closed under the Nazi occupation. However, he studied voice privately with Rudolf Vašek (at first, as a baritone) and studied music theory with Josef Schreiber. He was invited by conductor Zdeněk Chalabala to sing with the opera company in Ostrava, making his debut in the title role of Jules Massenet's Werther" in 1944. He continued singing in Ostrava until 1948.
National Theater of Prague.
In 1947, he was invited to Prague to appear as guest soloist with the National Theatre as Jeník in Bedřich Smetana's "Prodaná nevesta" ("The Bartered Bride") – a signature role he would repeat over 500 times – as well as parts in Smetana's "Tajemství" ("The Secret") and Zdeněk Fibich's "Bouře" ("The Tempest"). The following year, he joined the national company as a principal soloist and remained there for the next 37 years.
At the National Theater, Zídek became strongly associated with many of the lyric tenor roles in the Czech and Slovak operatic repertoire. His bright, youthful voice was ideally suited for the Prince in Antonín Dvořák's "Rusalka". Over the years, he portrayed not only staple roles by Smetana, Dvořák, Janáček and Martinů but also characters in the operas of Fibich, Karel Kovarovic, Otakar Ostrčil, Eugen Suchoň and Ján Cikker.
Zídek sang numerous roles in the operas of Leoš Janáček: Steva and Laca in "Její pastorkyna" ("Jenůfa"); the triple roles of Mazal, Azurean and Petrík in "Vylety pana Broucka" ("The Excursions of Mr. Brouček"); Gregor in "Vec Makropulos" ("The Makropulos Case"); and the lovesick murderer Skuratov in "Z mrtvého domu" ("From the House of the Dead")(for this performance received the 1982 Grammy Award for Best Opera Recording), a role he reprised at the 1983 American (live) premiere of the opera with the New York Philharmonic.
In the operas of Bohuslav Martinů, Zídek was known for his portrayals of Michel in "Julietta", Manolois in "Recké pasije" ("The Greek Passion") and Fabrizio in "Mirandolina". Beyond his native repertoire, he was known for his portrayals of Tamino in "The Magic Flute" and Tom Rakewell in "The Rake's Progress".
International career.
Zídek was a welcome guest in foreign opera houses beginning early in his career. He sang at the Vienna State Opera from 1956 to 1971 and at the Deutsche Staatsoper in Berlin from 1954 to 1968. In addition, he appeared in other European opera houses, in South America and at the Wexford opera festival in Ireland.
During the Prague National Theater's two residencies at the Edinburgh Festival in 1964 and 1970, the company mounted several acclaimed productions of Czech operas when Zídek and fellow company members Beno Blachut and Helena Tattermuschová were at the height of their powers. In 1964, he appeared as the Prince in "Rusalka" and Skuratov in the original version of "From the House of the Dead"; the latter production was recorded on Supraphon the following year under the direction of Bohumil Gregor. In 1970, he was Dalibor in Smetana's opera and again sang Jeník as well as roles in "The Makropulos Case" and "The Excursions of Mr Brouček".
During the 1960s and early 1970s, Zídek and the Prague National Theater recorded the entire catalogue of Janáček operas on the Supraphon label.
Retirement and National Theater Directorship.
Zídek was active as a singer into the 1980s. By then, his voice – which had never been a powerful one – had darkened and lost some of the timbre that had made him the model of a callow young lover. He moved on to more mature roles such as Peter Grimes. He made his last stage appearance in 1985 singing Adam Ecl in Karel Kovarovic's opera "Psohlavci" ("The Dogheads") before retiring from the stage. However, his retirement was short-lived. He was recalled in 1989 to take over as director of the National Theatre opera company, and he guided it through the early years of the new democratic republic following the Velvet Revolution.
Though not a member of the Communist party, Zídek was awarded a state prize in 1952, made a Merited Artist in 1958 and a National Artist in 1976. He publicly renounced those titles during the Velvet Revolution in November 1989 when he joined Václav Havel on the balcony overlooking the packed Wenceslas Square and led the crowds in singing the Czech National Anthem.
Not long afterward, the Edinburgh Festival extended another invitation to the National Theater for an opera residency, but Zídek declined, claiming that his company was not artistically ready to meet the standards of the festival or the company's former glory. He retired as opera company director in 1991 but continued to direct opera productions there until 2001.
Ivo Zídek was married to Libuse Mrázová in 1947, and the couple had two sons who carried on the family musical tradition - Ivo, a stage designer, and Libor, a soloist with the operetta company at Karlín. He died in Prague in 2003 after a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20899764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899764" title="Amity (brig)">
Amity (brig)

The Amity was a 148 ton brig used in several notable voyages of exploration and settlement in Australia in the early nineteenth century.
She was built in New Brunswick, Canada, in 1816 and for several years was used as a merchant trading vessel between America and Britain. 
In 1823 she was purchased by the Scottish Ralston Family to be fitted out for their emigration to Van Diemen's Land. Under the command of Captain McMeckan she departed from Stranraer in southern Scotland on 15 November 1823, travelling via Dublin, across the Atlantic Ocean to Rio de Janeiro and arriving in Hobart exactly five months later on 15 April 1824. 21 passengers made the journey, including Robert Ralston, his wife Elizabeth, two sons and six daughters, as well as cargo and livestock including two bulls and four cows from Scotland.
Ralston later sold the brig to the Government of New South Wales in Sydney where she was used for exploration and supply voyages.
Moreton Bay.
The brig carried the first European settlers to Queensland after Redcliffe had been recommended as a suitable location for a penal colony by John Oxley in 1823. Lieutenant Henry Miller led a group of about 70 people including soldiers of the 40th Foot Regiment, 29 convicts, explorers and their families to Moreton Bay on 14 September 1824.
The locality of Amity Point on North Stradbroke Island near Brisbane, Queensland is named after the ship. The locality includes a Brig Street.
King George Sound.
Under instructions from Governor Darling the brig sailed to Western Australia in 1826 under the command of Major Edmund Lockyer, who established the first European settlement there with a soldier's garrison at King George Sound, now Albany. The settlement was initially called Frederickstown. The expedition included Major Lockyer, two military officers, 18 rank and file soldiers, 23 convicts and a surgeon as well as livestock and supplies for an expected stay of six months.
The group disembarked on Christmas Day 1826.
Swan River Colony.
On 22 September 1829 the Amity arrived at Fremantle from Singapore with passengers and crew totalling 15 people. She was the eighth shipping arrival in the fledgling Swan River Colony.
Wrecked.
The "Amity" was wrecked after running aground on an uncharted sandbar now called Vansittart Shoals () near Vansittart Island, north of Van Diemen's Land (later Tasmania) on 18 June 1845.
Captain William Marr. Sailed from Hobart for Port Albert in ballast on 14 June 1845, with a crew of nine, and one passenger; encountering a gale while entering Bass Strait and ran aground on a sand-bank twelve miles off Shoaly Bay on the south-east coast of Flinders Island, presumably the Vansittart Shoals, 18 June 1845. As the ship broke up, she was abandoned, all making the island safely but in so doing, both boats were damaged. The castaways came across a party of sealers who loaned them another boat, and all except Captain Marr, who was later picked up by the schooner Letitia, headed for Cape Portland, Tasmania.
Replica.
Discussions in Albany to construct a replica of the "Amity" commenced in Albany in 1972 with the view to completion for the town's 1976 sesquicentennial (150th anniversary) celebrations. After funding and research had been established, construction commenced in 1975, with local boat builder Stan Austin as project supervisor and Pieter van de Brugge as leading shipwright. 
The full-sized, land-mounted replica ("pictured above") is in the Stirling Historical Precinct on Princess Royal Drive, Albany, overlooking Princess Royal Harbour. It has been positioned to give an impression of it floating in the harbour. Guided tours are available daily.

</doc>
<doc id="20899766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899766" title="I Lost It">
I Lost It

"I Lost It" is a song written by Jimmy Olander of Diamond Rio and Neil Thrasher, and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Chesney. It was released in August 2000 as the first new single from his "Greatest Hits" album. It peaked at number 3 in late-2000. Pam Tillis provides background vocals for the song.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Martin Kahan, and is entirely in black and white. It was shot on location at the Westin Resort, in St. John, U.S. Virgin Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20899767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899767" title="Mirerkhil, Bhujpur union">
Mirerkhil, Bhujpur union

Mirer khil () is a village of Bhujpur union in Bangladesh.
History.
Mirer khil is named after Mir Mohammad Sana but at the time of Categorical Survey the name of the village was Gasbaria. Gasbaria Primary School and Gasbaria bil is still bearing memory of that.
Marketplaces and bazars.
Fakir Hat is the main marketplace in the village.
References.
Mirerkhil Village

</doc>
<doc id="20899769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899769" title="An Atlas of Fantasy">
An Atlas of Fantasy

An Atlas of Fantasy, compiled by Jeremiah Benjamin Post, was originally published in 1973 by Mirage Press and revised for a 1979 edition by Ballantine Books. The 1979 edition dropped twelve maps from the first edition and added fourteen new ones. It also included an introduction by Lester del Rey.
To remain of manageable size, the "Atlas" excludes advertising maps, cartograms, most disproportionate maps, and alternate history ("might have been") maps, focusing instead on imaginary lands derived from literary sources. It purposefully omits "one-to-one" maps such as Thomas Hardy's Wessex (which merely renames places in southwest England), but includes Barsetshire and Yoknapatawpha County, which are evidently considered to be sufficiently fictionalized. The emphasis is on science fiction and fantasy, though Post suggests there exist enough mystery fiction maps to someday create "The Detectives' Handy Pocket Atlas". Other maps were omitted due to permission costs or reproduction quality.
The maps are reproduced from many sources, and an Index of Artists is included.

</doc>
<doc id="20899776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899776" title="Asplenium majoricum">
Asplenium majoricum

Asplenium majoricum is a tiny fern endemic to Mallorca (Serra de Tramuntana) and some locations in Valencia and south of Catalonia. It belongs to the Aspleniaceae family. This allotetraploid hybrid (2n = 144 chromosomes) is the result of crossbreeding between the diploid ferns "Asplenium fontanum" subsp. "fontanum" (2n = 72 chromosomes) and "Asplenium petrarchae" subsp. "bivalens" (2n = 72 chromosomes), followed by the spontaneous doubling of the number of chromosomes. Its fronds measure between 6 and . The sori are more longer than wide with a side indusie and are located near the central line of the pinnae. Sporulation from March to November.
Habitat.
This small fern lives among the stones of the walls of the terraces and in the crevices of limestone rocks oriented North and Northwest. It likes light but not direct sun. In the dry summer months enters in estivation (summer sleep), dehydrating the fronds until apparently dead. With the first rains of autumn, the fronds will rehydrate in less than 24 hours and turn green as if nothing had happened. A few days starting to sprout new fronds. Stops in the middle of winter to spring, restarting sprouting in the spring.

</doc>
<doc id="20899785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899785" title="Chikandandi Union">
Chikandandi Union

Chikandandi Union () is a union of Hathazari Upazila of Chittagong District, Bangladesh.
Geography.
Area of Chikandandi: 2,761 acres (11.17 km2)
Location.
North: Fatehpur Union
East: Shikarpur Union
South: Panchlaish Thana
West: Hathazari Pourashabha
Population.
As of the 1991 Bangladesh census, Chikandandi union had a population of 29,844 and 4633 house units.
Marketplaces and bazars.
Chowdhury Hat

</doc>
<doc id="20899789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899789" title="South Madarsha Union">
South Madarsha Union

South Madarsha Union () is a union of Hathazari Upazila of Chittagong District.
Geography.
Area of South Madarsha: 2,416 acres (9.78 km2).
Location.
North: North Madarsha Union
East: Raozan Upazila
South: Shikarpur Union
West: Chikandandi Union
Population.
As of 1991 census, South Madarsha union has a population of 16,722 and house units 2587.
Educational institutions.
South madarsha S.S High School[Est:1965]
Famous persons.
Gazi MD.Akther Hossain
13 No.South Madarsha,Village:South Madarsha,Post Office:Shamitir hat,Post code:4336,
Thana:Hathazari,Jilla:Chittagong.Phone No:01731719710
Boss of chairman Moshena kATHUN
References.
Information:[http://www.lcgbangladesh.org/derweb/Population_Union.xls]

</doc>
<doc id="20899802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899802" title="Dhalai Union">
Dhalai Union

Dhalai Union () is a union of Hathazari Upazila of Chittagong District.
Geography.
Area of Dhalai: 4,870 acres (19.71 km2).
Location.
North: Farhadabad Union 
East: Halda River
South: Guman Mardan Union
West: Farhadabad Union
Population.
As of 1991 Bangladesh census, Dhalai union has a population of 29,571 and house units 4872.
Educational institutions.
Katirhat Woman's College
<br>
Katirhat High School
Marketplaces and bazars.
Katir Hat, Di-par, Monia Pokor, Noea Hat,
Famous persons.
Late Ram Jan Ali Chowdhury "Wakif of Ramjan ali chowdhury wakf estate-1880"it is the 1st wakf estate of Dhalai Union. Late Md.Shale Ahmed Chowdhuy,he is the 1st Chairman of 2no Dhalai Union.
Late Md.Bajlul Karim Chowdhury,he is 1st dabble M.A in Dhalai Union,he is also the 1st Principle of Katerhat Woman's College.
Md. Tofael Ahmad of Choto-Kha Mojumdar Bari a brave freedom fighter.
Late Advocate Nabidur Rahman Chowdury First Notary Public in east pakistan
References.
Information:[http://www.lcgbangladesh.org/derweb/Population_Union.xls]

</doc>
<doc id="20899811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899811" title="Annales de chimie et de physique">
Annales de chimie et de physique

Annales de chimie et de physique is a scientific journal that was founded in Paris, France, in 1789 under the title "Annales de chimie". One of the early editors was the French chemist Antoine Lavoisier. In 1815, it became the "Annales de chimie et de physique", and was published under that name for the next 100 years. In 1914, it split into two successor journals "Annales de chimie" and "Annales de physique".
"Annales de physique" is still being published under the same name, but "Annales de chimie" became "Annales de chimie - science des matériaux" in 1978. From 1998 to 2004, it was published online by Elsevier. Since 2004, it has been managed online by the Lavoisier publishing company. Despite the name changes, the volume numbering maintained continuity between the different titles, both for the physics journal and the chemistry journal.

</doc>
<doc id="20899840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899840" title="William Phipps (Governor of Bombay)">
William Phipps (Governor of Bombay)

William Phipps was the Governor of Bombay from 9 January 1722 to 10 January 1729.

</doc>
<doc id="20899842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899842" title="John Horne (Governor of Bombay)">
John Horne (Governor of Bombay)

John Horne (died 1755) was the Governor of Bombay from 22 September 1734 to 7 April 1739.

</doc>
<doc id="20899846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899846" title="Stephen Law (Governor of Bombay)">
Stephen Law (Governor of Bombay)

Stephen Law (died 1787 or 1788) was the Governor of Bombay from 7 April 1739 to 15 November 1742. 
Law retired to Broxbourne Manor, Broxbourne. After his wife died in January 1785, he moved to Goudhurst in Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="20899850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899850" title="Thomas Hodges (Governor of Bombay)">
Thomas Hodges (Governor of Bombay)

Thomas Hodges (died 1771) was the Governor of Bombay from 27 January 1767 to 23 February 1771.
Thomas Hodges was the son of Thomas Hodges of Bredy, Dorset. He married a daughter of Colonel Hallett of Barbados; their son, Thomas Hallett Hodge, married a daughter of the political reformer John Cartwright.

</doc>
<doc id="20899851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899851" title="Tihu (instrument)">
Tihu (instrument)

The tihu (提胡; pinyin: tíhú) is a two-stringed bowed vertical fiddle in the "huqin" family, used in "Chaozhou xianshi" music of the Chaozhou people. It is an adaptation of the "gaohu" used in Cantonese music. It has a tubular hardwood body that is covered on the playing end with python skin. It is used in the Chaozhou people's original homeland of Chaozhou and Shantou, in eastern Guangdong, as well as in regions where Chaozhou people have immigrated, such as Thailand and Singapore.
The "tihu" is generally held with the resonator between the knees. It is considered a supporting instrument in the "Chaozhou xianshi" ensemble. It is tuned lower and plays in a slower, more lyrical fashion than does the leading fiddle, called "erxian".

</doc>
<doc id="20899852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899852" title="Saishō-ji">
Saishō-ji

History.
Saishō-ji and the other Rokushō-ji establishments had a particular function within the Imperial . The Rokushō-ji were "sacred vow temples" ("gogan-ji") built by imperial command following a precedent established by Emperor Shirakawa's 
Hosshō-ji. Although these temple complexes were ostensibly established for a presumptively pious purpose,
The Rokushō-ji were also called the six "Superiority Temples;" and each were uniquely dedicated to an aspect of esoteric Buddhist ontology, as in 

</doc>
<doc id="20899854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899854" title="George Dick (Governor of Bombay)">
George Dick (Governor of Bombay)

George Dick (1739-9 May 1818, Byculla) was the Governor of Bombay from 26 November 1792 to 9 November 1795.
Dick became a writer for the East India Company in 1759. At the time of his death he "had never been out of Bombay, except for an occasional trip to Bancoot, for nearly sixty years." There is a tablet to his memory in St. Thomas Cathedral, Mumbai.

</doc>
<doc id="20899857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899857" title="Norman Cooper (sportsman)">
Norman Cooper (sportsman)

Norman Charles Cooper (12 July 1870 – 30 July 1920) was an English sportsman who represented the England national football team and played first-class cricket with Cambridge University.
Cooper was educated at Brighton College and Trinity Hall, Cambridge.
A wing-half, Cooper's only international cap came against Ireland at Perry Barr in the 1893 British Home Championship, with England winning 6-1. 
Cooper was a right-handed opening batsman for Cambridge University at first-class cricket level and played 11 matches for them, one a combined team with Oxford. He also played a match for the CI Thornton's XI and in 1892 took the field for the HT Hewett's XII against Cambridge after he switched sides when his intended opponents revealed they had only 10 players.

</doc>
<doc id="20899861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899861" title="John Griffith (Governor of Bombay)">
John Griffith (Governor of Bombay)

John Griffith was the Governor of Bombay from 9 November 1795 to 27 December 1795.

</doc>
<doc id="20899875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899875" title="System Center Mobile Device Manager">
System Center Mobile Device Manager

System Center Mobile Device Manager is a Mobile device management (MDM) solution providing over-the-air (OTA) management of Windows Mobile Smartphone security, applications and settings. System Center Mobile Device Manager supports devices running the Windows Mobile 6.1 and above operating system.
Features.
Through ActiveDirectory-based policies, the product provides the following functions:
Client.
System Center Mobile Device Manager client is located in ROM. All device management activities are centrally managed from the server side.
Server.
System Center Mobile Device Manager server components are deployed on multiple server computers, including a Mobile VPN server, a Windows Update server,and an ActiveDirectory domain controller.

</doc>
<doc id="20899881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899881" title="Toronto Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor">
Toronto Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor

The Toronto Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor is one of the annual awards given by the Toronto Film Critics Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20899899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899899" title="Faten Zahran Mohammed">
Faten Zahran Mohammed

Faten Zahran Mohammed (October 11, 1955, Cairo, Egypt) is an Egyptian biochemist and environmental biologist, Cancer Biologist and Toxicologist known for her work on the anti-tumoral effects of snake venom and iodoacetate. She is currently Professor of Biochemistry at Zagazig University, Egypt, head of the Biochemistry Division, Faculty of Science, and a member of Egyptian Universities Promotion Committees "EUPC".
Biography.
She worked as a Demonstrator of Biochemistry in Chemistry Department, Faculty of Science, Zagazig University, Egypt from 1977 to 1981. She served as Assistant Lecturer of Biochemistry, in the Faculty of Science, Zagazig University, Egypt from 1981 to 1985. Lecturer of Biochemistry, Chemistry Department, Faculty of Science, Zagazig University, Egypt from 1985 to 1991. She was Assistant Professor of Biochemistry, Chemistry Department, Faculty of Science, Zagazig University, Egypt from 1991 to 1996. Professor of Biochemistry, Chemistry Department, Faculty of Science, Zagazig University, Egypt from 1996 until present (2008).
She received her B.Sc. in 1977, her M.Sc. in Biochemistry in 1981, and her Ph.D. in Biochemistry in 1985 from Faculty of Science, Ain Shams University.
She received her M.Sc. and Ph.D. under the supervision of Dr. Fawzia Abbas Fahim.

</doc>
<doc id="20899903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899903" title="Iteaceae">
Iteaceae

Iteaceae is a flowering plant family of trees and shrubs native to the eastern USA, south eastern Africa, and south and Southeastern Asia. Some older taxonomic systems place the genera in this family in the Grossulariaceae. The APG III system of 2009 includes the former Pterostemonaceae in Iteaceae. The family is known from fossil flowers dating to the Turonian age of the Late Cretaceous that have been found in the Raritan Formation, New Jersey and from leaves dating to the Eocene found in the Klondike Mountain Formation, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="20899920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899920" title="Thomas Jefferson and religion">
Thomas Jefferson and religion

The religious views of Thomas Jefferson diverged widely from the orthodox Christianity of his day.
Throughout his life Jefferson was intensely interested in theology, religious studies, and morality.
Jefferson was most closely connected with Unitarianism and the religious philosophy of Christian deism; he was sympathetic to and in general agreement with the moral precepts of Christianity. He considered the religion of Christianity as having "the most sublime and benevolent code of morals which has ever been offered to man."
As the principal author of the United States Declaration of Independence, Jefferson articulated a statement about human rights that most Americans regard as nearly sacred. While not necessarily being averse to such things as affirming the people's "acknowledging and adoring an overruling providence" (as in his First Inaugural Address), and expressing the need for "the favor of that Being in whose hands we are, who led our fathers, as Israel of old"
in his second inauguration, yet, together with James Madison, Jefferson carried on a long and successful campaign against state financial support of churches in Virginia. It is Jefferson who created the phrase "wall of separation between church and state" in his of Connecticut. During his 1800 campaign for the presidency, Jefferson had to contend with critics who argued that he was unfit to hold office because he did not have orthodox religious beliefs.
Jefferson used certain passages of the New Testament to compose "The Life and Morals of Jesus of Nazareth" (the "Jefferson Bible"), which excluded any miracles by Jesus and stressed his moral message. Though he often expressed his opposition to clergy and to Christian doctrines, Jefferson repeatedly expressed his belief in a deistic god and his admiration for Jesus as a moral teacher. Opposed to Calvinism, Trinitarianism, and what he identified as Platonic elements in Christianity, in private letters Jefferson variously refers to himself as "Christian" (1803),
"a sect by myself" (1819),
an "Epicurean" (1819),
a "materialist" (1820), and a "Unitarian by myself" (1825). Historian Sydney E. Ahlstrom associated Jefferson with "rational religion" or deism.
Church attendance.
Jefferson was raised in the Church of England at a time when it was the established church in Virginia and only denomination funded by Virginia tax money. Before the Revolution, parishes were units of local government, and Jefferson served as a vestryman, a lay administrative position in his local parish. Office-holding qualifications at all levels - including the Virginia House of Burgesses, to which Jefferson was elected in 1769 - required affiliation with the current state religion and a commitment that one would neither express dissent nor do anything that did not conform to church doctrine. Jefferson counted clergy among his friends, and he contributed financially to the Anglican Church he attended regularly.
Following the Revolution, the Church of England in America was disestablished. It reorganized as the Episcopal Church in America. Margaret Bayard Smith, whose husband was a close friend of Jefferson, records that during the first winter of Jefferson's Presidency he regularly attended service on Sunday in a small humble Episcopalian church out of respect for public worship. This was the only church in the new city, with the exception of a little Catholic chapel. Within a year of his inauguration, Jefferson began attending church services in the House of Representatives, a custom had not yet begun while he was Vice President, and which featured preachers of every Christian sect and denomination.
In January 1806, a female evangelist, Dorothy Ripley, delivered a camp meeting-style exhortation in the House to Jefferson, Vice President Aaron Burr, and a "crowded audience". Throughout his administration Jefferson permitted church services in executive branch buildings, which were acceptable to Jefferson because they were nondiscriminatory and voluntary, and because he believed that religion was an important support for republican government.
Henry S. Randall, the only biographer permitted to interview Jefferson’s immediate family, recorded that Jefferson "attended church with as much regularity as most of the members of the congregation - sometimes going alone on horse- back, when his family remained at home", and that he also "contributed freely to the erection of Christian churches, gave money to Bible societies and other religious objects, and was a liberal and regular contributor to the support of the clergy. Letters of his are extant which show him urging, with respectful delicacy, the acceptance of extra and unsolicited contributions, on the pastor of his parish, on occasions of extra expense to the latter, such as the building of a house.."
In later years, Jefferson refused to serve as a godparent for infants being baptized, because he did not believe in the dogma of the Trinity.
Despite testimony of Jefferson's church attendance, there is no evidence that he was ever confirmed or was a communicant.
Jefferson and deism.
In 1760, at age 16, Jefferson entered the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, and for two years he studied mathematics, metaphysics, and philosophy under Professor William Small. He introduced the enthusiastic Jefferson to the writings of the British Empiricists, including John Locke, Francis Bacon, and Isaac Newton.
Jefferson biographers say that he was influenced by deist philosophy while at William & Mary, particularly by Bolingbroke.
Phrases such as "Nature's God", which Jefferson used in the Declaration of Independence, are typical of Deism, although they were also used at the time by non-Deist thinkers, such as Francis Hutcheson. In addition, it was part of Roman thinking about natural law, and Jefferson was influenced by reading Cicero on this topic.
Most deists denied the Christian concepts of miracles and the Trinity. Though he had a lifelong esteem for Jesus' moral teachings, Jefferson did not believe in miracles, nor in the divinity of Jesus. In a letter to deRieux in 1788, he declined a request to act as a godfather, saying he had been unable to accept the doctrine of the Trinity "from a very early part of my life".
Jefferson was directly linked to deism in the writings of some of his contemporaries. Patrick Henry's widow wrote in 1799, "I wish the Grate Jefferson & all the Heroes of the Deistical party could have seen my... Husband pay his last debt to nature."
While many biographers, as well as some of his contemporaries, have characterized Jefferson as a Deist, historians and scholars have not found any such self-identification in Jefferson's surviving writings. In an 1803 letter to Priestley, Jefferson praises Jesus for a form of deism.
He expressed similar ideas in an 1817 letter to John Adams.
Disestablishment of religion in Virginia.
For Jefferson, separation of church and state was a necessary reform of the religious "tyranny" whereby a religion received state endorsement, and those not of that religion were denied rights, and even punished.
Following the Revolution, Jefferson played a leading role in the disestablishment of religion in Virginia. Previously as the established state church, the Anglican Church received tax support and no one could hold office who was not an Anglican. The Presbyterian, Baptist and Methodist churches did not receive tax support. As Jefferson wrote in his "Notes on Virginia", pre-Revolutionary colonial law held that "if a person brought up a Christian denies the being of a God, or the Trinity ...he is punishable on the first offense by incapacity to hold any office ...; on the second by a disability to sue, to take any gift or legacy ..., and by three year' imprisonment." Prospective officer-holders were required to swear that they did not believe in the central Roman Catholic doctrine of transubstantiation.
In 1779 Jefferson proposed "The Virginia Statute of Religious Freedom", which was adopted in 1786. Its goal was complete separation of church and state; it declared the opinions of men to be beyond the jurisdiction of the civil magistrate. He asserted that the mind is not subject to coercion, that civil rights have no dependence on religious opinions, and that the opinions of men are not the concern of civil government. This became one of the American charters of freedom. This elevated declaration of the freedom of the mind was hailed in Europe as "an example of legislative wisdom and liberality never before known".
From 1784 to 1786, Jefferson and James Madison worked together to oppose Patrick Henry's attempts to assess general taxes in Virginia to support churches. In 1786, the Virginia General Assembly passed Jefferson's "Bill for Religious Freedom", which he had first submitted in 1779. It was one of only three accomplishments he put in his epitaph. The law read:
In his 1787 "Notes on the State of Virginia", Jefferson stated: 
Accusations of being an infidel.
During the 1800 presidential campaign, the "New England Palladium" wrote, "Should the infidel Jefferson be elected to the Presidency, the seal of death is that moment set on our holy religion, our churches will be prostrated, and some infamous 'prostitute', under the title of goddess of reason, will preside in the sanctuaries now devoted to the worship of the most High."
Federalists attacked Jefferson as a "howling atheist" and infidel, claiming that his attraction to the religious and political extremism of the French Revolution disqualified him from public office.
At that time, calling a person an infidel could mean a number of things, including that they did not believe in God. It was an accusation commonly levelled at Deists, although they believe in a deity. It was also directed at those thought to be harming the Christian faith in which they were raised.
While opposed to the institutions of organized religion, Jefferson consistently expressed his belief in God. For example, he invoked the notion of divine justice in 1782 in his opposition to slavery,
and invoked divine Providence in his second inaugural address.
Jefferson did not shrink from questioning the existence of God. In a 1787 letter to his nephew and ward, Peter Carr, who was at school, Jefferson offered the following advice:
Following the 1800 campaign, Jefferson became more reluctant to have his religious opinions discussed in public. He often added requests at the end of personal letters discussing religion that his correspondents be discreet regarding its contents.
Separation of church and state.
Jefferson sought what he called a "wall of separation between Church and State", which he believed was a principle expressed by the First Amendment. Jefferson's phrase has been cited several times by the Supreme Court in its interpretation of the Establishment Clause, including in cases such as "Reynolds v. United States" (1878), "Everson v. Board of Education" (1947), and "McCollum v. Board of Education" (1948).
In an 1802 letter to the Danbury Baptist Association, he wrote:
In Jefferson's March 4, 1805, Drafts of Address of Second Inaugural he stated:
Regarding the choice of some governments to regulate religion and thought, Jefferson stated:
Deriving from this statement, Jefferson believed that the Government's relationship with the Church should be indifferent, religion being neither persecuted nor given any special status.
Though he did so as Governor of Virginia, during his Presidency Jefferson refused to issue proclamations calling for days of prayer and thanksgiving. In a letter to Samuel Miller dated January 23, 1808 Jefferson stated:
However, in "Notes on the State of Virginia", Jefferson supported "a perpetual mission among the Indian tribes" by the Christian Brafferton institution, at least in the interest of anthropology,
As president, he sanctioned financial support for a priest and church for the Kaskaskia Indians, who were at the time already Christianized and baptized. Edwin Gaustad wrote that this was a pragmatic political move aimed at stabilizing relations with the Indian tribes.
Jefferson also publicly affirmed "acknowledging and adoring an overruling providence" by the nation in his First Inaugural Address
and in his Second Inaugural Address expressed his need of "the favor of that Being in whose hands we are, who led our fathers, as Israel of old", and thus asked the nation "to join in supplications" with him to God.
Jefferson, Jesus, and the Bible.
Jefferson's views on Jesus and the Bible were mixed, but were progressively far from what was and is largely considered orthodox in Christianity. Jefferson stated in a letter in 1819, "You say you are a Calvinist. I am not. I am of a sect by myself, as far as I know."
On one hand Jefferson affirmed, "We all agree in the obligation of the moral precepts of Jesus, and nowhere will they be found delivered in greater purity than in his discourses",
and that he was "sincerely attached to His doctrines in preference to all others",
and that "the doctrines of Jesus are simple, and tend all to the happiness of man".
However, Jefferson considered much of the New Testament of the Bible to be false. In a letter to William Short in 1820, he expressed that his intent was to "place the character of Jesus in its true and high light, as no imposter himself", but that he was not with Jesus "in all his doctrines", Jefferson described many passages as "so much untruth, charlatanism and imposture".
In the same letter Jefferson states he is separating "the gold from the dross", and describes the "roguery of others of His disciples",
calling this group a "band of dupes and impostors", who wrote "palpable interpolations and falsifications", with Paul being the "first corrupter of the doctrines of Jesus".
Jefferson also denied the divine inspiration of the Book of Revelation, describing it to Alexander Smyth in 1825 as "merely the ravings of a maniac, no more worthy nor capable of explanation than the incoherences of our own nightly dreams".
From his study of the Bible, Jefferson concluded that Jesus never claimed to be God.
In 1803 Jefferson composed a "Syllabus of an Estimate of the Merit of the Doctrines of Jesus" of the comparative merits of Christianity, after having read the pamphlet “Socrates and Jesus Compared” by the Materialist philosopher Dr. Joseph Priestley.
In this brief work Jefferson affirms Jesus' "moral doctrines, relating to kindred & friends, were more pure & perfect than those of the most correct of the philosophers, and greatly more so than those of the Jews", but asserts that "fragments only of what he did deliver have come to us mutilated, misstated, & often unintelligible", and that "the question of his being a member of the Godhead, or in direct communication with it, claimed for him by some of his followers, and denied by others is foreign to the present view, which is merely an estimate of the intrinsic merit of his doctrines".
He let only a few see it, including Benjamin Rush in 1803 and William Short in 1820. When Rush died in 1813, Jefferson asked the family to return the document to him.
Also while living in the White House, Jefferson began to piece together his own version of the Gospels, with the first draft being "The Philosophy of Jesus of Nazareth...Being an Abridgement of the New Testament for the Use of the Indians, Unembarrased with Matters of Fact or Faith beyond the Level of their Comprehensions". This was followed by a compilation titled, "The LIFE AND MORALS OF JESUS OF NAZARETH: Extracted Textually from the Gospels Greek, Latin, French, and English", from which he omitted the virgin birth of Jesus, miracles attributed to Jesus, divinity, and the resurrection of Jesus – among many other teachings and events. He retained primarily Jesus' moral philosophy, of which he approved, and also included the Second Coming, a future judgment, Heaven, Hell, and a few other supernatural events.
This compilation was completed about 1820, but Jefferson did not make these works public, acknowledging "The Life and Morals of Jesus of Nazareth" existence only to a few friends.
This work was published after his death and became known as the "Jefferson Bible".
Anti-clericalism, anti-mysticism, and anti-Calvinism.
Jefferson has been characterized as profoundly anticlerical, and his writing express a "sweeping condemnation of all clergymen everywhere".
Jefferson's residence in France just before the French Revolution left him deeply suspicious of Catholic priests and bishops as a force for reaction and ignorance. His later private letters indicate he was skeptical of too much interference by Catholic clergy in matters of civil government. He wrote in letters: "History, I believe, furnishes no example of a priest-ridden people maintaining a free civil government" and "In every country and in every age, the priest has been hostile to liberty. He is always in alliance with the despot, abetting his abuses in return for protection to his own."
"May it French Revolution be to the world, what I believe it will be, (to some parts sooner, to others later, but finally to all), the signal of arousing men to burst the chains under which monkish ignorance and superstition had persuaded them to bind themselves, and to assume the blessings and security of self-government."
Observing inter-denominational intolerance in the United States, he extended his skepticism to Protestant clergy. In an 1820 letter to William Short, Jefferson wrote: "the serious enemies are the priests of the different religious sects, to whose spells on the human mind its improvement is ominous."
Upon the disestablishment of religion in Massachusetts, he wrote to John Adams: "I join you, therefore, in sincere congratulations that this den of the priesthood is at length broken up, and that a Protestant Popedom is no longer to disgrace the American history and character." (Works, Vol. iv., p. 301).
In 1817 he wrote to John Adams:
Jefferson intensely opposed Calvinism. He never ceased to denounce the "blasphemous absurdity of the five points of Calvin", writing three years before his death to John Adams:
"His [Calvin's] religion was demonism. If ever man worshiped a false God, he did. The being described in his five points is ... a demon of malignant spirit. It would be more pardonable to believe in no God at all, than to blaspheme him by the atrocious attributes of Calvin" (Works, Vol. iv., p. 363).
Aaron Bancroft observed, "It is hard to say, which surpassed the other in boiling hatred of Calvinism, Jefferson or John Adams."
Priestley and Unitarianism.
Jefferson expressed general agreement with Unitarianism, which, like Deism, rejected the doctrine of the Trinity. Jefferson never joined a Unitarian church, but he did attend Unitarian services while in Philadelphia. His friend Joseph Priestley was the minister. Jefferson corresponded on religious matters with numerous Unitarians, among them Jared Sparks (Unitarian minister, historian and president of Harvard), Thomas Cooper, Benjamin Waterhouse and John Adams. In an 1822 letter to Benjamin Waterhouse he wrote,
"I rejoice that in this blessed country of free inquiry and belief, which has surrendered its conscience to neither kings or priests, the genuine doctrine of only one God is reviving, and I trust that there is not a young man now living in the United States who will not die a Unitarian."
Jefferson named the teachings of both Joseph Priestley and Conyers Middleton (an English clergyman who questioned miracles and revelation, emphasizing Christianity's role as a mainstay of social order) as the basis for his own faith. He became friends with Priestley, who lived in Philadelphia. In a letter to John Adams dated August 22, 1813, Jefferson wrote,
"You are right in supposing, in one of yours, that I had not read much of Priestley’s "Predestination", his no-soul system, or his controversy with Horsley. But I have read his "Corruptions of Christianity", and "Early Opinions of Jesus", over and over again; and I rest on them, and on Middleton’s writings, especially his "Letters from Rome", and "To Waterland", as the basis of my own faith. These writings have never been answered, nor can be answered by quoting historical proofs, as they have done. For these facts, therefore, I cling to their learning, so much superior to my own."
Jefferson continued to express his strong objections to the doctrines of the virgin birth, the divinity of Jesus, and the Trinity. In a letter to Adams (April 11, 1823), Jefferson wrote, “And the day will come, when the mystical generation of Jesus, by the Supreme Being as His Father, in the womb of a virgin, will be classed with the fable of the generation of Minerva, in the brain of Jupiter.”
In an 1821 letter he wrote:
Jefferson once wrote to the minister of the First Parish Church (Unitarian) in Portland, Maine, asking for services for him and a small group of friends. The church responded that it did not have clergy to send to the South. In an 1825 letter to Waterhouse, Jefferson wrote:
When followers of Richard Price and Priestley began debating over the existence of free-will and the soul (Priestley had taken the materialist position,)
Jefferson expressed reservations that Unitarians were finding it important to dispute doctrine with one another. In 1822 he held the Quakers up as an example for them to emulate.
In Jefferson's time, Unitarianism was generally considered a branch of Christianity. Originally it questioned the doctrine of the Trinity and the pre-existence of Christ. During the period 1800-1850, Unitarianism began also to question the existence of miracles, the inspiration of Scripture, and the virgin birth, though not yet the resurrection of Jesus.
Contemporary Unitarianism no longer implies belief in a deity; some Unitarians are theists and some are not. Modern Unitarians consider Jefferson both a kindred spirit and an important figure in their history. The "Famous UUs" website
says:
General remarks.
Biographer Merrill D. Peterson summarizes Jefferson's theology:
In Peterson's view, Jefferson and Thomas Paine, the prominent deist, "agreed in the essentials of their theistic faith". Noting that Jefferson never had a deep or moving religious experience, Peterson adds that he "rejected revelation, the divinity of Christ, the miracles, the atonement, and so on, without which Christianity was nothing in the eyes of believers. He did not even accept Jesus on his own terms, for Jesus was a spiritualist by the grace of God and he a materialist by the grace of science."
Robert S. Alley, professor of humanities emeritus at the University of Richmond holds that "Any perusal of the Jefferson writings will establish that the Sage of Monticello was a Deist."
Avery Dulles, a leading Catholic theologian, states that while at the College of William & Mary, "under the influence of several professors, he converted to the deist philosophy". Dulles concludes:
Dulles concurs with historian Stephen Webb, who states that Jefferson's frequent references to "Providence" indicate his Deism, as "most eighteenth-century deists believed in providence".
The historian of religion Sydney E. Ahlstrom says "One religious movement which enjoyed a season of popularity, and great prestige during the era, in America as in France, was the cult of reason." Ahlstrom calls it "rational religion or deism".
Ahlstrom also uses the phrases "reasonable Christianity" and "Christian rationalists", echoing Jefferson's own use of the phrase "rational Christianity".
Ahlstrom adds, "Thomas Jefferson was unquestionably the most significant of the American rationalists". He notes that, in content, his theology was similar to that of John Adams, Joel Barlow, Elihu Palmer, and Thomas Paine, "though Jefferson was more doctrinaire in his materialism".
Historian Gregg L. Frazer argues that Jefferson's religious views fell between Christianity and Deism.
Frazer describes Jefferson as a theistic rationalist, a term from German theology whose first-found English usage is in the year 1856.
Frazer cites the following quote from Jefferson's 1785 "Notes on the State of Virginia":

</doc>
<doc id="20899923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899923" title="Krašnja">
Krašnja

Krašnja () is a village in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Thomas.

</doc>
<doc id="20899932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899932" title="Penthoraceae">
Penthoraceae

Penthoraceae is a flowering plant family of rhizome forming herbs native to eastern North America and Eastern and Southeastern Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="20899937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899937" title="Windjammer Communications">
Windjammer Communications

Windjammer Cable is a small cable company formed by the sale of 25 systems that served 80,000 customers in rural areas that Time Warner Cable acquired from the bankrupt Adelphia. Windjammer was created specifically for this deal and consisted of Boston private-equity concern MAST Capital Management and Jupiter, Fla.-based small cable operator Communications Construction Services (CCS). 
Although it acquired some systems, such as all but two West Virginia systems, Subscribers received a letter on Jan. 24, 2009 saying that they will terminate service on February 17, 2009; date of the Digital Transition.
It was reported in 2010 that CCS left the partnership and the number of cable systems was reduced to 15 core markets. 
In August 2011, Windjammer divested cable systems in Fort Benning, GA; Fort Payne, AL; and Cullman, AL to Charter.

</doc>
<doc id="20899941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899941" title="John Black (privateer)">
John Black (privateer)

Captain John Black (1778–1802), the son of a clergyman, was a ship's officer who had many adventures in his short career. His best remembered adventure concerned the mutiny on the "Lady Shore" of August 1797, a ship that had been sailing with a cargo of soldiers and female convicts to Sydney, Australia. In 1798 his father, the Reverend John Black (1753–1813), a prolific writer of prose and poetry, published his son's letters which gave an account of the mutiny on board the ship, when his son had been put into a small boat and left to find his way to safety with several other members of the crew. The book was dedicated as a "“small testimony of gratitude to the Portuguese nation”" for the "“unequalled hospitality”" extended to his son and his fellows in the Portuguese colonies that are now part of Brazil.
John Black was also privateer (state-sanctioned pirate) for part of his naval career. He was engaged twice on privateers, once as the ship’s captain. That is, during the time of the English-Spanish war of 1795-1801, he was twice engaged on private warships authorized by the English government to attack and rob the enemy’s shipping. During both engagements he was involved in the successful capture of a Spanish vessel.
In 1798 the 19 year-old sailed into Sydney Harbour, where, after meeting the convict girl Mary Hyde (1779–1864), he made Sydney his base of operations. In between his whaling operations, voyages of exploration, and capturing Spanish vessels, he and Mary had two children. In 1802, in what became his final voyage, the then 23 year-old ship's captain sailed from Sydney to India: to Mumbai (then Bombay) and then onto Kolkata (then Calcutta) before being lost at sea as he sailed for home.
Background.
Captain John Black (1778–1802) was born on 31 October 1778 in Great Yarmouth, Norfolk, England, the eldest son of Scottish parents the Reverend John Black (1753–1813) and May Logie (1747-?). His parents moved to Woodbridge, Suffolk the next year, and it is here that he spent his childhood, and where his father, who had been a deacon when he was born, was ordained a priest in 1783.
In about 1795, at the age of 17 years and looking for adventure, John Black joined the ship the "Walpole", an East Indiaman trader. Nothing more is known about his naval career until May 1797.
Account of the Mutiny on the "Lady Shore".
On 1 May 1797, John Black wrote to his father that he was at Torbay, Devon, England on board the ship the "Lady Shore". John Black was the purser and navigating officer, and the "Lady Shore" was bound for Sydney (then known as Port Jackson) with soldiers for the New South Wales Corps; Lieutenant William Minchin commanding officer of the detachment; a consignment of 69 female convicts; one male convict; and much needed supplies of food and farm implements for the Colony of New South Wales. Black also informed his father that the soldiers were "“the most disagreeable, mutinous set of villains that ever entered into a ship”". With good reason: mutinous because an attempt had already been made to seize the ship to avoid it arriving at its destination; and disagreeable villains because two of the Sergeants had already needed to be placed in irons. Many of the soldiers in the detachment being sent to New South Wales were not there from choice, and one of the attempted mutineers had stated that he had been "“sent on board by force from a police officer”". The detachment of troops included French and Irish prisoners of war, deserters avoiding the military discipline of a court-martial, and prisoners from the Savoy Palace in London.
A month later on 8 June 1797, when the "Lady Shore" was at Falmouth, Cornwall, England, she sailed out into the Atlantic Ocean in company with the West-India Fleet. 10 days later she was withdrawn from that fleet, and the "Lady Shore" fell in with the 64 gun "Intrepid" and the East-India Fleet. The threat of mutiny appeared to be in the past, and the soldiers, being very quiet in general, were allowed the possession of firearms and ammunition.
Now sailing on her own, and eight weeks after the "Lady Shore" had sailed from Falmouth, the mutiny began. In the early morning on 1 August 1797, when the "Lady Shore" was about four days sail from Rio de Janeiro the soldiers, and several of the sailors, mutinied. During the fray John Black fired his pistol which and took one of the mutineer’s hats off, but was not able to do more damage. The mutineers quickly took over the ship during which time Captain Willcocks and the Chief Mate, Lambert, were killed. All those not in the mutiny, including the soldier’s officers and some privates, were imprisoned below decks.
Two weeks later, during the late afternoon of Monday 15 August 1797, John Black and 28 others were released from their imprisonment, put in a longboat with their luggage and some provisions, and cast astern. The others, men, women and children, were: the second and third mates, the steward, the cabin boy, the commanding officer of the company of soldiers on board and his wife, five other officers, two privates, four wives, three children, one male passenger with his wife and two children, three female convicts, and the only male convict Major J. G. Semple Lisle. For provisions they were given ""three small casks of water, containing about ninety gallons, four bags of bread and three pieces of salt beef”" and managed to smuggle aboard "“two hams, two cheeses, and a small keg containing about four gallons of rum”", and for navigation a quadrant, and a small pocket compass. The "Lady Shore" mutineers (soldiers and sailors) then sailed away with the ship’s surgeon, and 66 female convicts. The 29 castaways in the longboat hoisted sail and headed for Rio Grande, Brazil, the nearest settlement on the Portuguese coast of South America, about 300 miles away.
Nearly exactly two days later, on 17 August 1797, after being battered by heavy seas, drenching rain, and contrary seas, they finally, with the assistance of a boat of people who had seen them from the shore, made landfall near to Rio Grande, Brazil. It was a "“miraculous escape”" as the locals could not believe that a boat could have survived in such weather. The castaways were hospitably received by the locals, and the Governor of Port St. Pedro promised them a passage to Rio de Janeiro by the first available ship.
After a frustrating wait of seven weeks, many false starts, and the loss of all his luggage and journals, Black decided to travel north overland to Rio de Janeiro. It was arranged for him to instead travel north overland to the Portuguese settlement on the island of St. Catharine (the island on which modern day Florianópolis is situated), and catch a ship from there. He left by horseback on 4 October 1797 with Major J.G. Semple Lisle, the male convict who had proved himself trustworthy back in Torbay when he had reported the first attempted mutiny. Also on the journey, and provided by the Portuguese, were: two servants; two Portuguese dragoons as guides, and an Indian to take care of the baggage horse. It was not an arduous journey with many stops to rest, eat and be feted by the local population along the way.
On 16 October 1797, after travelling overland by horse about , Black and Major Semple caught a whaleboat to St Catharine’s, where they found part of the Portuguese Squadron of ships anchored. They were well entertained during their stay, and left the island for Rio de Janeiro three and a half weeks later on 9 November 1797 in separate ships. Semple was on the Portuguese Admiral Antonia Januario’s ship, and Black was on board a Portuguese battle ship commanded by the English Captain Thompson. It was to take 10 days for the ships to sail north the north to Rio de Janeiro, and they arrived on 19 November 1797.
Before travelling north to Rio de Janeiro, Black had learnt that the "Lady Shore" had arrived in the enemy Spanish port of Montevideo, Uruguay about south of Rio Grande. The men had been jailed, and the female convicts placed in different homes throughout the town. He later learnt that only the pretty girls were in the homes, and the rest of the women had been imprisoned. The "Lady Shore" was sold in Montevideo for forty thousand dollars. What happened to the seventy soldiers (the mutineers of the New South Wales Corps), or what happened to the remainder of the sixty six, not so pretty, female convicts who were not taken into homes of the amorous Spanish is not known.
As the convey of English ships in the port of Rio Janeiro would not reach England before eight months, and sick at the thought of being idle for so long a time, Black instead decided to join as navigator Captain William Wilkinson’s ship, the "Indispensable", a ship with 14 guns and a crew of 32, that was being used as a privateer, but could also be used as a whaler. Black on the "Indispensable" was under sail two months after arriving in Rio de Janeiro. The "Indispensable" sailed down the coast of South America from Rio Janeiro on 20 January 1798. Looking for adventure and riches, they were hoping to capture a Spanish ship and take it over to the Cape of Good Hope.
John Black’s later adventures.
Writing to his father from the Cape of Good Hope on 15 April 1798 John Black disclosed that he had just arrived at the Cape after captaining the 10 gun Spanish vessel the "La Union" from Malaga in Spain, which Captain William Wilkinson of the "Indispensable" and his crew (including Black) had captured. The Spanish ship had been on a voyage from the Plata River (Buenos Aires) in Argentina to Lima in Peru, and had been captured on 19 February 1798, one month after Black had sailed from Rio de Janeiro. He also mentions Cape Horn in his account, but does not specify when he may have been near there.
Over the next two months the cargo of the captured "La Union" was sold, and the ship disposed of. Among the cargo was tallow, candles, and dried beef, sought after commodities in the port. 19 year old Black invested his share of the windfall in cargo to be sold in Sydney, and wrote to his father on 7 June 1798 "“I have laid in a considerable investment for Port Jackson”" (Sydney)"”, which I hope to turn to good account, and I expect to sail to-morrow night.”"
It would have been easy for Captain Wilkinson of the "Indispensable" to convince Black to invest in a trip to the port of Sydney. The "Indispensable" captained by William Wilkinson had previously visited Sydney twice before: in May 1794 departing for Bengal in July 1794; and then in April 1796 when he delivered 131 female convicts. On the second trip the "Indispensable" had lingered in the port until 21 September 1796, giving Captain Wilkinson an insight as to the type of cargo that would raise the most money in Port Jackson.
With the strong westerlies along the southern coast of Australia it would have taken about 2 months for the "Indispensable" to sail from the Cape of Good Hope to Sydney, and it should have arrived in early August 1798. It was a stormy passage across the Indian Ocean and then around the south of Van Diemens Land, when the ship lost two boats and one man overboard. The same storm stove in two boats and carried away several spars. On 8 September 1798, after he had been in port long enough to assess the situation, Black wrote to his father:
""I am still amongst the living. By my last letter I informed you of having laid in an investment at the Cape for this place"" (Sydney) "". The market is very bad. The "Barwell" brought a large cargo from England, a vessel from Bengal and an American vessel with cargo of tabasco and spirits. These vessels have drained the place of all cash…Wheat, corn, beans, cabbages and fruit trees flourish, the cattle are of an uncommon size, and very fierce. An old horse, which in England would be valued at five pounds for dog's meat, sells here for 100 guineas.""
Black went on to say that he chased a flock of black swans fifteen miles (24 km) down the river, but as they were shy never got a shot at them. He mentioned that the Governor (John Hunter) was a pleasant, sensible old man. John Black also informed his father of the doubtful monetary dealings in the Colony; and described the agricultural and natural aspects of the country. He also described the harbour as "one of the best in the known world", and that he expected in a fortnight to sail on a cruise for two months to fish (catch whales). This was the first time that Black was to go whaling, the most dangerous and masculine of sea trades.
What he didn’t mention in his letter was that he had met a girl, and made her pregnant. But then it's highly possible that he didn't yet know that he was to become a father. In August 1798, when they were both 19-years-old, John Black met Mary Hyde, a convict girl and who the month before had arrived in Sydney on board the "Britannia II". Mary came under John’s "protection" and fell pregnant almost immediately.
John Black, however, wasn’t long in port. As planned, in late September 1798 his boat the "Indispensable" left to do some "fishing" (whaling). Governor John Hunter wrote on 25 September 1798 that some of the whalers that were in the harbour (including the "Britannia II" on which Mary Hyde had arrived) had proceeding on their fishing, and the town had been freed from the nuisance of the seamen who could not resist the two temptations of spirits and women. The ship didn’t return until 27 October 1798, and left again "immediately" on a second "fishing" trip, not returning again until 29 December 1798. The "Indispensable" returned from this second trip with 54 tons of sperm whale oil from whaling within a range of above and below Sydney, and within of the coast. The "Indispensable" then needed a refit, and John Black needed to stay in port for a considerable time.
In March 1799 Governor Hunter granted a lease of land to "“Mr. John Black, late purser of the "Lady Shore" transport”". This allotment is shown on surveyor James Meehan’s map of Sydney on the eastern side of George Street, between Hunter Street and Martin Place, where De Mestre Place is today. This land was later held in trust by for John Black’s two children, and became the land on which Black’s son-in-law Prosper de Mestre resided and ran his business from.
From then on, while John Black sailed in and out of Sydney, Mary Hyde resided on this allotment backing onto the Tank Stream. Black's family was fending for itself whilst John was often away for months at a time, or even longer, either whaling or otherwise working his trade as a ship's officer.
On 31 May 1799 John Henry Black, son of John Black and Mary Hyde, was born at home. Fortunately John was home at the time to see his new-born son. But three days later he sailed again.
It was reported that the Indispensable sailed for "fishing" about 3 June 1799. David Collins wrote "“About this time the "Indispensable" sailed on her fishing voyage. This ship had been careened and completely repaired in the Cove.”" There is no record of her return to port, but it had to have been before the baptism of Black's son on 2 September 1799. It was not long after that Black again left his family and sailed back to Cape Town from Sydney in what was then regarded as the shortest passage (time-wise). It was a long tedious voyage up the east coast of Australia, above New Guinea, and through the islands of Indonesia using the more favourable winds of the south-east monsoon (as compared to the adverse strong westerlies along the southern coast of Australia) before sailing upwind or beating across the Indian Ocean down to Cape Town.
After arriving in Cape Town some months later, John Black became engaged in adventure that continued to keep him away from his family. The Englishman was engaged for the first time as a Captain on the privateer "Chance" owned by Michael Hogan. As Spain was then at war with England Black was engaged to sail from Cape Town seeking Spanish ships. His mission was successful as on 8 July 1800 a Spanish Brig of 70 tons arrived in Cape Town carrying prize colours.
After taking his share of the spoils from the sale of the Spanish Brig and its cargo, Black took command of the brig "Harbinger" also owned by Michael Hogan. Carrying a cargo of 2,800 gallons of spirits and 3,000 gallons of wine, in November 1800 Black began to sail back to Sydney, and his family.
As an aside, in 1800 it was recorded that "‘’Mary Hide"(sic) "and her son were off the’’" (government) "‘’stores’’". This was because Mary ""living on the lease of Mr. Black; and owing 7 sheep, 4 pigs and 3 goats’’" had been able to meet a level of self-sufficiency, something the government greatly encouraged in an effort to cut costs.
Heading east across the Indian Ocean for Sydney, with instructions to take the short cut through the newly discovered Bass Strait (which separated Australia from Tasmania), he followed in the wake of the brig "Lady Nelson", the first ship to sail eastward through the new-found Bass Strait. The "Harbinger" embarked on an investigation of the strait tracking around Cape Otway, Cape Danger and Cape Patten down to the northern part of King Island, and around Wilsons Promontory. He had sheltered near two small islands which he named the New Year Isles, and then sailed on and named the larger island King Island after Governor Philip Gidley King. He also named the Harbinger Rocks, and sighted the Hogan group of islands. A chart drawn later by Governor King shows John Blacks course through Bass Strait. Governor King's report on the voyage reads: ""A small brig from the Cape of Good Hope, commanded by Mr. Black (a person of good abilities as a surveyor and navigator) passed thro and keeping more to the Southward made Cape Albany Otway and standing to the southward made an island lying in the centre of the west entrance of the strait which he named King Island and afterwards passed thro the centre of the strait unadvisable to attempt from the east only from the west."" A copy of Blacks writing on the passage through Bass Strait in the "Harbinger" was sent to England with Governor King's letter.
Black arrived back in Sydney on 11 January 1801 after having been away for 14 months, at which time his partner Mary Hyde promptly became pregnant with their second child. This was the beginning of his longest time in port and with his family, and lasted nearly 12 months.
Black discharged his cargo of rum and wines in Sydney into the warehouse that the businessman Simeon Lord had built specifically for this purpose. (Coincidentally Simeon Lord was later to be the step-father to Black’s children.) In selling his cargo Black had entered Sydney’s liquor trade, and established a shop on his leased land. It was reported "Simeon Lord sells rum at 32/- a gallon, Capt. Cox ditto, Black his gin at 10 gns”"(guineas) "“a case, etc. these are Governor King’s regulations for the benefit of the Colony while American ships who would be glad to sell their liquor at 5/-, 6/- or 7/- per G.”"(gallon) "“are turned away! Why!"
Black also he negotiated with Governor King to sell him the "Harbinger" on behalf of its owner. On 1 May 1801 the Governor wrote to the Duke of Portland, stressing the old age of vessels used by the Government and the need for replacements. "“The Master of the brig Harbinger, recently arrived from the Cape, has offered her for sale. As a vessel is needed to go between Norfolk Island to carry supplies and bring salt port from thence, I directed a survey to be taken of that vessel, also an inventory of her masts, rigging and furniture. The sum demanded by the owner was 1500 pounds and the offer I made him was 700 pounds, though much less than her real value.”" Because of money shortage in Sydney, there was no other bidder for the Harbinger, so Black was compelled to accept the Governor's 700 pounds.
The documents relating to the sale of the Harbinger were signed by John Black in June 1801 where he described himself as a resident of Sydney, and receipted by him on 3 August 1801.
On 7 September 1801 Governor Philip Gidley King granted Black's partner Mary Hyde an Absolute Pardon 18 months before her sentence would have expired. From the wording of the pardon, it would appear that John Black used his credit with the Governor King to obtain this Absolute Pardon for his partner.
John Black's and Mary Hyde's second child, Mary Ann Black, was born on 1 October 1801.
It was on 1 January 1802 that 23-year-old John Black next left Sydney. His partner Mary Hyde was left at home as the sole parent of two children under the age of three, and one only 3 months old. John Black was employed as Captain of the Campbells & Co. brig the "Fly" sailing for Mumbai (then Bombay) and then Kolkata (then Calcutta) to pick up goods from India for the Sydney warehouses of Robert Campbell. Black managed to make the voyage up the east coast of Australia, above New Guinea, through the islands of Indonesia, and across to Mumbai and then Kolkata in very good time. In April 1802 the "Fly" departed Kolkata for the return voyage to Sydney. The "Fly" left the pilot on 14 May 1802 to continue sailing south across the Indian Ocean, along the bottom of Australia, through the Bass Strait above Tasmania, and then up the east coast to Sydney, or so was the plan. However sometime after 14 May 1802 the ship was lost at sea with all hands, if not on its passage across the Indian Ocean then somewhere in the stormy and ice-berg strewn ocean below southern Australia.
News did not reach Sydney until nearly 12 months later that Black's ship was missing. News of the probable loss of the "Fly" was reported by Captain Allan M'Askell of the "Castle of Good Hope" when it arrived in Sydney in February 1803 to find that the "Fly" had never arrived. The Ship News in the "Sydney Gazette & New South Wales Advertiser" of 5 March 1803 reported the loss ""we have been informed of the more than probable loss of the Fly, a vessel of about 100 tons burthen, laden with piece and other valuable goods, also bound for this place"" (Sydney)"", and belonging to the House of Campbells, at Calcutta" (Kolkata) ". She left Calcutta in the month of April last"" (1802) "", and has not since been heard of; was commanded by Mr. John Black, a young man much esteemed here by all who knew him.""
Black's death was not publicly confirmed until April 1804 when the Ship News in the "Sydney Gazette & New South Wales Advertiser" of 15 April 1804 reported: "“The brig "Fly", Captain Black, that sailed from Calcutta for this colony on April 1802 has never been heard of.”"

</doc>
<doc id="20899942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899942" title="BL 7.5-inch naval howitzer">
BL 7.5-inch naval howitzer

The BL 7.5-inch howitzer (naval) was a British anti-submarine mortar developed during World War I.
History.
The weapon was developed together with other similar devices early in 1917 and went into service in June 1917 in response to . It was mounted on merchant ships and patrol vessels. By 10 December that year, 377 were in service.
The shell was fired at the submarine either on the surface or submerged - hence it had attributes of both armour-piercing shell and depth charge. It was designed to first penetrate the submarine's outer hull without breaking up, and then detonate against the inner hull after a 2-second delay, destroying the submarine.
Writing a few years after the gun had gone into service, Admiral Jellicoe commented: "This weapon, although not very popular at first, soon, however, proved its value, when employed both from patrol craft and from merchant ships."
Two were mounted on HMS "Vindictive" and used to bombard German defences during her participation in the Zeebrugge raid of 23 April 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="20899943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899943" title="Lipa, Lukovica">
Lipa, Lukovica

Lipa is a small dispersed settlement in the hills north of Krašnja in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20899956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899956" title="List of Bathurst 24 Hour vehicles">
List of Bathurst 24 Hour vehicles

The following is a list of all the cars that have raced in the two Bathurst 24 Hour motor race in 2002 and 2003. This is a list of cars as they were sold and marketed to the general public, not the homologation racing editions.
Alfa Romeo.
Alfa Romeo 156 - 2003
BMW.
BMW 318i - 2002 
BMW 320i - 2002, 2003 
BMW 323i - 2002 
BMW M Coupe - 2002, 2003
BMW M3 - 2002, 2003
Ferrari.
Ferrari 360 - 2002, 2003
Ford.
Ford Falcon - 2002, 2003
Holden.
Holden Commodore - 2002, 2003
Holden Monaro - 2002, 2003
Honda.
Honda Integra - 2003
Honda S2000 - 2002, 2003
Lamborghini.
Lamborghini Diablo - 2003
Mazda.
Mazda RX-7 - 2002
Mitsubishi.
Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution - 2002, 2003
Mitsubishi Magna - 2002
Mitsubishi Mirage - 2002, 2003
Morgan.
Morgan Aero 8 - 2003
Mosler.
Mosler MT900 - 2002, 2003
Nissan.
Nissan 200SX - 2002, 2003
Nissan 350Z - 2002, 2003
Porsche.
Porsche 996 - 2002, 2003
Subaru.
Subaru Impreza WRX - 2002, 2003
Toyota.
Toyota Altezza - 2003
Toyota Celica - 2003
Toyota MR2 - 2002

</doc>
<doc id="20899958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899958" title="Pterostemonaceae">
Pterostemonaceae

Pterostemonaceae (Engl.) Small is a small family of shrubs native to tropical and subtropical Mexico. The family was recognized by scientists working with the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group but is placed in the Grossulariaceae by other taxonomic systems. The APG II system recognized the family as containing a single genus, "Pterostemon". The APG III system of 2009, however, does not recognize this family and places "Pterostemon" within the Iteaceae in the order Saxifragales.

</doc>
<doc id="20899959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899959" title="Crunchyroll">
Crunchyroll

Crunchyroll is an American website and international online community focused on streaming East Asian media including anime, manga, drama, music, electronic entertainment, and auto racing content. Founded in 2006 by a group of UC Berkeley graduates, Crunchyroll's distribution channel and partnership program delivers content to over five million online community members worldwide. Crunchyroll is funded by The Chernin Group and TV Tokyo.
History.
Crunchyroll started in 2006 as a for-profit video upload and streaming site that specialized in hosting East Asian video content. Some of the content hosted on Crunchyroll, such as fan-subbed versions of East Asian shows or bootlegs of official US releases of anime titles, was illegally hosted without permission from any rightsholders or the fansub team responsible. However, Crunchyroll eventually removed copyrighted content when requested by the rightsholder.
In 2008, Crunchyroll secured a capital investment of $4.05 million from the venture capital firm Venrock. The investment drew criticism from anime distributors and licensors Bandai Entertainment and Funimation as the site continued to allow users to upload illegal copies of licensed titles.
However, Crunchyroll eventually began securing legal distribution agreements with companies, including Gonzo, for an increasing number of titles. On January 8, 2009, after announcing a deal with TV Tokyo to host episodes of "Naruto Shippuden", Crunchyroll stated that it was committed to removing all copyright infringing material from its site and to hosting only content to which it had legitimate distribution rights.
In 2010, Crunchyroll announced its acquisition of the North American DVD rights to "5 Centimeters Per Second". This was the first DVD release licensed by Crunchyroll.
As of summer 2011, Crunchyroll offers over 200 anime shows and more than 200 Asian dramas to users, although not all programming is available worldwide due to licensing restrictions.
On December 2, 2013, The Chernin Group announced that they have acquired a controlling interest in Crunchyroll. A person with knowledge of the transaction said the price for the acquisition was close to $100 million. The Chernin Group said that Crunchyroll management and existing investor TV Tokyo will maintain a "significant" stake in the company.
Availability.
Free access to Crunchyroll is available on desktop browsers, and devices with Windows Phone, iOS and Android that are connected to a Wi-Fi source. However, not all content is offered for free. Some content requires a paid subscription service of $6.95/month, while other content becomes free after a delay, usually a week after availability for the paid members. Some titles are subscription only, based on licensing agreements. Some titles are only available in certain regions of the world, some titles available in the United States may not be available in other countries.
With paid memberships, streaming to select Windows Phone devices (with OS 7.5 or higher), Roku devices, Boxee, PlayStation 3,PlayStation 4, and Xbox 360 consoles, and Vizio, Google and Samsung Internet enabled televisions is available. In June 2013 the service became available through Apple TV.

</doc>
<doc id="20899962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899962" title="Be My Baby Tonight">
Be My Baby Tonight

"Be My Baby Tonight" is a song written by Richard Fagan and Ed Hill, and recorded by American country music artist John Michael Montgomery. It was released in May 1994 as the third single from Montgomery's album "Kickin' It Up". It reached number one on the United States and Canada country charts in August 1994.
Critical reception.
Deborah Evans Price, of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song, saying that while Montgomery, "handles this one with ease", she considers it just "a notch above ordinary."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Marc Ball. The video takes place at an airport.
Chart performance.
"Be My Baby Tonight" debuted at number seventy one on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of May 7, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20899966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899966" title="Log, Lukovica">
Log, Lukovica

Log () is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20899981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899981" title="German submarine U-1206">
German submarine U-1206

German submarine "U-1206" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. She was laid down on June 12, 1943 at F. Schichau GmbH in Danzig and went into service on March 16, 1944. The boat's emblem was a white stork on a black shield with green beak and legs.
Service history.
After being commissioned, under the command of "Oblt.z.S." Günther Fritze, the submarine took part in training exercises with the 8th U-boat Flotilla until July 1944 when it was assigned to the 11th U-boat Flotilla. Command was handed over to Kptlt. Karl-Adolf Schlitt. The boat was then fitted with a Schnorchel underwater-breathing apparatus before being released for patrol duties.
Patrols.
On March 28, 1945 the submarine departed from Kiel for its first training patrol in the North Sea, returning on March 30. The submarine departed from Horten for a one-day patrol on April 2, and its first active patrol began on April 6, when it departed from Kristiansand.
Fate.
On April 14, while on patrol, the vessel sank after the toilet was operated improperly.
"U-1206" was one of the late war boats fitted with new deepwater high-pressure toilets which allowed them to be used while running at depth. Flushing these facilities was extremely complicated and special technicians were trained to operate them.
On April 14, 1945, off Peterhead, Scotland, while cruising at a depth of , misuse of the new toilet caused large amounts of water to flood the boat. According to the Commander's official report, while in the engine room helping to repair one of the diesel engines, he was informed that a malfunction involving the toilet caused a leak in the forward section. The leak flooded the submarine's batteries (located beneath the toilet) causing them to release chlorine gas, leaving him with no alternative but to surface. Once surfaced, "U-1206" was discovered and bombed by British patrols, forcing Schlitt to scuttle the submarine. One man died in the attack, three men drowned in the heavy seas after abandoning the vessel and 46 were captured. Schlitt recorded the location as but the wreck could not be located.
During survey work for the BP Forties Field oil pipeline to Cruden Bay in the mid 1970s, the remains of "U-1206" were found at in approximately of water. The site survey performed by RCAHMS suggests that the leak that forced "U-1206" to surface may have occurred after running into a wreck located at the same site.
A large number of sources attribute this incident to .

</doc>
<doc id="20899982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20899982" title="Steve Cox (artist)">
Steve Cox (artist)

Steve Cox (born 1958) is an Australian painter and watercolour artist known for his psychologically penetrating images of youths and young men; stream of consciousness landscapes and animal/human hybrids.
Early life and education.
Cox was born in Harringay, London, England and arrived in Melbourne, Australia in 1967, when his family emigrated. He studied painting at the Victorian College of the Arts from 1978 to 1980. In 1983 he was awarded the Keith & Elisabeth Murdoch Travelling Fellowship and subsequently spent eighteen months making work in London and Cairo. The same year he was awarded an Australia Council grant to spend three months making work at the Villa Ghedini, in Besozzo, Northern Italy. Also in 1983, he was included in the important survey of Australian art, "Perspecta", at the Art Gallery of New South Wales.
Cox is currently completing a PhD in Art History at Monash University on the suppression of homoeroticism in western art since the Renaissance and the ways in which artists have managed to circumvent this censure.
Career.
His early work dealt with the aberrant psychology of murderers and their victims. In 1987 he staged an exhibition of paintings about the 1960s British Moors murderers. Cox has also painted pictures of serial killers Dennis Nilsen and Peter Manuel. In 1995, his exhibition "Kinderspiel (Child’s Play)" dealt exclusively with the subject of children who kill other children. His 1996 Masters Thesis (Deakin University), titled ‘Murder and Art: the Causal Links’, drew parallels between the creative mind of the artist and the murderous mind of the serial killer.
More recently, Steve Cox's work has explored the phenomena of dance culture; this subject has spawned five exhibitions of portraits of clubbers, drug takers and bouncers, most notably in "Rave: Club Culture" (2000), "Ecstasy: a celebration" (2000) and "Confessions of a Raving Lunatic" (2002).
As a gay artist, Cox has often featured homoeroticism within his work. His exhibition "Testosterone Zone" (1996) dealt with, amongst other things, frank male nudity and the still-existing taboo over public representations of male genitalia. To this end, he has always been outspoken against censorship in the arts, as seen in an interview in issue 11 of Artist Profile magazine (2010).
For decades, Cox's imagery has often been surreal, using unsettling juxtapositions of symbols. In "The New Agrarian" (1991), a partially nude boxer spars alone in front of a blackboard in an otherwise empty field. In "Jelly Kitten" (2005) a cartoon cat's head is simultaneously a portrait of a cute children's cartoon character and a tormented mind, much like Sidney Nolan's Gallipoli series, which featured portraits of returned soldiers.
Exhibitions.
Since 1982 he has held over thirty one-person exhibitions in Melbourne, Sydney and Adelaide, and has participated in over forty group-exhibitions, including "Moist: Australian Watercolours", (2005) at the National Gallery of Australia, Canberra, and "This and Other Worlds", (2005) at the National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne. In 2008 he was included in "True Crime: Murder and Misdemeanour in Australian Art", at the Geelong Art Gallery.
Between 2008 and 2012 Cox set up the Steve Cox Prize for Drawing at the Victorian College of the Arts.
Cox's work is held in The National Gallery of Australia, The National Gallery of Victoria and other important public and private collections throughout Australia. His work has been featured in Nevill Drury's New Art series of books and Sonia Payes' "Untitled", a book of photographic portraits of contemporary Australian artists.
Personal life.
He has two children, Eden Fabienne Cox (born 1986) and Hadrian Valentine Cox (born 1989). In October 2009 he was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin lymphoma. As of February 2010 he is in remission.
In April 2011, Cox was the defendant in the first Facebook stalking lawsuit in Australia, which was instigated by the Head of School of his then employer, RMIT University. In what Cox termed a 'clear victory for freedom of speech', the case was thrown out of court.

</doc>
<doc id="20900004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900004" title="Mala Lašna">
Mala Lašna

Mala Lašna (in older sources also "Mala Lašina", ) is a small village in the hills north of Lukovica, in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900013" title="Mali Jelnik">
Mali Jelnik

Mali Jelnik () is a small settlement above Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900014" title="35th People's Choice Awards">
35th People's Choice Awards

The 35th People's Choice Awards, honoring the best in popular culture for 2008, was held on January 7, 2009 at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California. They were hosted by Queen Latifah in her third straight year as host, and was broadcast on CBS. Performers for the show included Carrie Underwood and Rascal Flatts.
Due to the 35th anniversary of the People's Choice Awards and People Magazine, the two combined forces to create an award entitled "Favorite Star Under 35". The award was made for that one show and that show only. Multi-platinum singer, American Idol winner, and 5-time Grammy Award winner Carrie Underwood received the award based on the public's choice from an online poll.
Nominations and winners.
The nominees for the awards were selected with the help of E-Poll Market Research using what it describes as the People's Choice Online Community to achieve a nationally representative sample of respondents aged 13 or older. For each category, the respondents were provided with a set of candidates determined by national ratings averages, box-office grosses and music sales. The respondents then chose their favorites in Television, Movies and Music. They also had the option to write in their favorites where not included among the provided candidates. The top three selections in each category became the final nominees. Winners were chosen online by those who registered with the awards shows official website.
Favorite Star Under 35.
This special category was added into the 35th Annual Award show only, because both the People's Choice and People Magazine were both celebrating their 35th anniversary. This was a one-time award, so the current title-holder (Carrie Underwood) will be the only title-holder.

</doc>
<doc id="20900017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900017" title="Paiban">
Paiban

The paiban () is a clapper made from several flat pieces of hardwood or bamboo, which is used in many different forms of Chinese music. There are many different types of "paiban", and the instrument is also referred to as "bǎn" (板), "tánbǎn" (檀板, literally "sandalwood clapper"), "mùbǎn" (木板, literally "wooden clapper"), or "shūbǎn" (书板). Typical materials used for the "paiban" include "zitan" (紫檀, rosewood or red sandalwood), "hongmu" (红木), or "hualimu" (花梨木, rosewood), or bamboo, with the slats tied together loosely on one end with cord. It is held vertically by one hand and clapped together, producing a sharp clacking sound.
When used together with a small drum (both played together by a single player, the "paiban" held in one hand and the drum played with a stick held in the other) the two instruments are referred to collectively as "guban" (鼓板). Somewhat confusingly, the clapper is sometimes also referred to, without the drum, as "guban".
When used as part of a "guban", the "paiban" is used in several genres of "shuochang" (Chinese story-singing), as well as in Beijing opera, "kunqu", and Shaoxing opera. It is also used in instrumental music, such as "Jiangnan sizhu" "Chaozhou xianshi", "Sunan chuida" (苏南吹打), "nanguan", "shifan luogu" (十番锣鼓), and "Shanxi batao" (山西八套).

</doc>
<doc id="20900032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900032" title="Statism and Anarchy">
Statism and Anarchy

Statism and Anarchy (, "Gosudarstvennost' i anarkhiia") was the last work by the Russian anarchist Mikhail Bakunin. Written in the summer of 1873, the key themes of the work are: the likely impact on Europe of the Franco-Prussian war and the rise of the German Empire, Bakunin's view of the weaknesses of the Marxist position, and an affirmation of anarchism. "Statism and Anarchy" was the only one of Bakunin's major anarchist works to be written in Russian, and was primarily aimed at a Russian audience, with an initial print run of 1,200 copies printed in Switzerland and smuggled into Russia.
Marshall Shatz writes that "Statism and Anarchy": 'helped to lay the foundations of a Russian anarchist movement as a separate current within the revolutionary stream.' A reviewer of another critic indicates that 
Bakunin criticized Marxist authoritarianism and advocated a libertarian socialism supported by interrelated efforts "from below upward." 

</doc>
<doc id="20900043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900043" title="Obrše">
Obrše

Obrše is a small settlement north of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900070" title="Emma Lou Thayne">
Emma Lou Thayne

Emma Lou Warner Thayne (born 22 October, 1924) is a Mormon poet and novelists, counted as one of the 75 most significant.
She graduated from the University of Utah in 1945. She would later return there to coach tennis and teach English. In the late 1960s she completed a masters degree also at the University of Utah. She was on the faculty over 30 years. In 1949 she married Mel Thayne. They became the parents of five daughters.
Although Thayne is primarily a poet, she has also written novels. He first novel was "Never Past the Gate". She was also a contributor to such magazines as "Network", a woman's magazine based in Salt Lake City, "Exponent II" and "Utah Holiday".

</doc>
<doc id="20900082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900082" title="List of Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch characters">
List of Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch characters

The following is a list of characters from the manga and anime series "Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch". They are group according to their roles in the series. Wherever possible, the spelling of the names are taken from the English translation of the Pichi Pichi Pitch manga. Otherwise, spellings are based on those used on official merchandise.

</doc>
<doc id="20900083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900083" title="Fatehpur Union">
Fatehpur Union

Fatehpur Union () is a union of Hathazari Upazila of Chittagong District.
Geography.
Area of Fatehpur: 5,668 acres (22.94 km2).
Location.
North: Hathazari Union 
East: Chikandandi Union
South: Hathazari Pourashabha
West: Sitakunda Upazila
Population.
As of 1991 Bangladesh census, Fatehpur union has a population of 26,743 and house units 4530.
Chittagong university
Marketplaces and bazars.
Njomiyahat, Amanbazar, Bodo digirpar
Villages and mouzas.
A k M Fazlul Hoque Chowdhury
References.
Information:[http://www.lcgbangladesh.org/derweb/Population_Union.xls]

</doc>
<doc id="20900100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900100" title="Prevalje, Lukovica">
Prevalje, Lukovica

Prevalje is a settlement south of Šentvid pri Lukovici in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900136" title="Elene (disambiguation)">
Elene (disambiguation)

Elene may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20900142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900142" title="Stereotypes of Jews">
Stereotypes of Jews

Stereotypes of Jews are caricatured and generalized representations of Jews, mostly of a racist nature. The Jewish diaspora in Europe and the Western hemisphere have been stereotyped for over 2,000 years as scapegoats for a multitude of societal problems. Antisemitism continued throughout the centuries and reached a climax in the Third Reich during World War II. Jews are still stereotyped as greedy, nit-picky, stingy misers and are often depicted in caricatures, comics, and propaganda posters counting money or collecting diamonds. Early films such as "Cohen's Advertising Scheme" (1904, silent) stereotyped Jews as "scheming merchants".
Common objects, phrases and traditions used to emphasize or ridicule Jewishness include bagels, playing violin, klezmer, undergoing circumcision, haggling and uttering phrases like "mazal tov", "shalom", and "oy vey". Other Jewish stereotypes are the rabbi, the complaining and guilt-inflicting Jewish mother, the spoiled and materialistic Jewish-American princess and the often meek and nerdy nice Jewish boy.
Physical features.
In caricatures and cartoons, Jews are often depicted having dark skin, curly black hair, large hook-noses, thick lips, dark-colored beady eyes and wearing kippahs.
Jews are commonly caricatured as having large noses or hook noses. Jews are also portrayed as swarthy and hirsute. There is a brown, edible woodland fungus, "Auricularia cornea", commonly referred to as "Hairy Jew's ear".
Greed.
Jews have often been stereotyped as greedy and money-mad. This originates in the Middle Ages, when the Church forbade Christians to lend money while charging interest (a practice called usury, although the word later took on the meaning of charging excessive interest). Jews were legally restricted to occupations as usurers, usually to Christians, and thus many went into money-lending. This led to, through the Middle Ages and the Renaissance, the association of Jews with greedy practices.
Libelous publications like "The Protocols of the Elders of Zion" and literature such as William Shakespeare's "The Merchant of Venice" and Charles Dickens's "Oliver Twist" reinforced the stereotype of the crooked Jew. Dickens later expressed regret for his portray of Fagin in the novel, and toned down references to his Judaism. Lesser references in "Arabian Nights", "The Three Musketeers", and even "Hans Brinker" are examples of the prevalence of this negative perception.
Some, such as Paul Volcker, suggest that the stereotype has decreased in prevalence in the United States. A telephone poll of 1747 American adults conducted by the Anti-Defamation League in 2009 found that 18% believed that "Jews have too much power in the business world", 13% that "Jews are more willing than others to use shady practices to get what they want", and 12% that "Jews are not just as honest as other businesspeople".
Jewish frugality, thriftiness, and greed are among the typical themes in jokes about Jews, even by Jews themselves.
History.
Martin Marger writes "A set of distinct and consistent negative stereotypes, some of which can be traced as far back as the Middle Ages in Europe, has been applied to Jews." Antisemitic canards such as the blood libel appeared in the 12th century and were associated with attacks and massacres against Jews.
Medieval Europe.
The portrayal of Jews as historic enemies of Christianity and Christendom constitutes the most damaging anti- Jewish stereotype reflected in the literature of the late tenth through early twelfth centuries. Jews were often depicted as satanic consorts, or as devils themselves and "incarnationof absolute evil." Physically, Jews were portrayed as menacing, hirsute, with boils, warts and other deformities, and sometimes with horns, cloven hoofs and tails. Such imagery was used centuries later in Nazi propaganda of the 1930s and 1940s. This propaganda leaned on Jewish stereotypes to explain the claim that the Jewish people belong to an "inferior" race. 
Although Jews had not been particularly associated with moneylending in antiquity, a stereotype of them acting in this capacity was developed beginning in the 11th century. Jonathan Frankel notes that this stereotype, though obviously an exaggeration, had a solid basis in reality. While not all Jews were moneylenders, the Catholic Church's prohibition of usury meant that Jews were the main representatives of the trade.
Prevalence.
Japan.
There have been a number of books written detailing the similarities between Japanese and Jewish cultures. The Jews and the Japanese: Cultural Traits and Common Values
The Jews & the Japanese: the successful outsiders
United States.
David Schneder writes "Three large clusters of traits are part of the Jewish stereotype (Wuthnow, 1982). First, Jews are seen as being powerful and manipulative. Second, they are accused of dividing their loyalties between the United States and Israel. A third set of traits concerns Jewish materialistic values, aggressiveness, clannishness."
More recently, benign stereotypes of Jews have been found to be more prevalent than images of an overtly anti-Semitic nature.
Jewish women.
Negative stereotypes of Jewish women are widely known and generally accepted in popular culture.
Stereotypes of Jewish mothers and Jewish-American Princesses are well-known and pervasive stereotypes of Jewish women.
Belle juive.
One literary stereotype is that of the "belle Juive", the beautiful Jewess, a figure that is often associated with temptation. One example of this stereotype is the character of Rebecca in Sir Walter Scott's "Ivanhoe". Another example is Miriam in Nathaniel Hawthorne's romance "The Marble Faun".
Jewish mother.
The stereotype of the Jewish mother or wife is a common stereotype and stock character used by Jewish comedians and authors whenever they discuss actual or fictional situations involving their mothers and other mother-like females in their lives. The stereotype generally involves a nagging, overprotective, manipulative, controlling, smothering, and overbearing mother or wife, one who persists in interfering in her children's lives long after they have become adults. Lisa Aronson Fontes describes the stereotype as one of "endless caretaking and boundless self-sacrifice" by a mother who demonstrates her love by "constant overfeeding and unremitting solicitude about every aspect of her children's and husband's welfare".
An example of the Jewish mother stereotype is the character Sylvia Fine from TV series "The Nanny".
Jewish-American Princess.
The stereotype of the Jewish-American Princess is a pejorative stereotype of a subtype of Jewish-American female. The term implies materialism and selfishness, attributed to a pampered or wealthy background. This stereotype of American Jewish women has been portrayed frequently in contemporary US media since the mid-20th century. "JAPs" are portrayed as used to privilege, materialistic and neurotic. An example of the humorous use of this stereotype appears in the song "Jewish Princess" on the Frank Zappa album "Sheik Yerbouti". Female Jewish comedians such as Sarah Silverman have also satirized the stereotype.
According to Machacek and Wilcox, the stereotype of the Jewish-American Princess did not emerge until after World War II and is "peculiar to the U.S. scene". In 1987, the American Jewish Committee held a conference on "Current Stereotypes of Jewish Women" which argued that such jokes "represent a resurgence of sexist and anti-Semitic invective masking a "scrim of misogyny.'"
In literature.
Jewish stereotypes in literature have evolved over the centuries. According to Louis Harap, nearly all European writers prior to the twentieth century projected the Jewish stereotype in their works. Harap cites Gotthold Lessing's "Nathan the Wise" (1779) as the first time that Jews were portrayed in the arts as "human beings, with human possibilities and characteristics." Harap writes that, the persistence of the Jewish stereotype over the centuries suggests to some that "the treatment of the Jew in literature was completely static and was essentially unaffected by the changes in the Jewish situation in society as that society itself changed." He contrasts the opposing views presented in the two most comprehensive studies of the Jew in English literature, one by Montagu Frank Modder and the other by Edgar Rosenberg. Modder asserts that writers invariably "reflect the attitude of contemporary society in their presentation of the Jewish character, and that the portrayal changes with the economic and social changes of each decade." In opposition to Modder's "historical rationale", Rosenberg warns that such a perspective "is apt to slight the massive durability of a stereotype". Harap suggests that the recurrence of the Jewish stereotype in literature is itself one indicator of the continued presence of anti-Semitism amongst the readers of that literature.
English literature.
Although Jews were expelled from England in 1290, stereotypes were so ingrained and so durable that they persisted in English society as evidenced by presentations in English literature, drama, and the visual arts during the almost four-hundred-year period when there were virtually no Jews present in the British Isles. Some of the most famous stereotypes come from English literature; these include characters such as Shylock, Fagin and Svengali. Negative stereotypes of Jews were still employed by prominent twentieth-century non-Jewish writers such as Dorothy Richardson, Virginia Woolf, T.S. Eliot, Evelyn Waugh, Graham Greene and James Joyce.
American literature.
Until the 20th century, the characterization of Jews in American literature was largely based upon the stereotypes employed in English literature.
Although Jewish stereotypes first appeared in works by non-Jewish writers, after World War II it was often Jewish American writers themselves who evoked such fixed images. The prevalence of anti-Semitic stereotypes in the works of such authors has sometimes been interpreted an expression of self-hatred; however, Jewish American authors have also used these negative stereotypes in order to refute them.

</doc>
<doc id="20900144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900144" title="Kajžnk House">
Kajžnk House

The Kajžnk House or Kajžnik House (, "Kajžnikova hiša") is an ethnographic museum in a restored Alpine farmhouse in the village of Rateče, in the northwest Slovenian Municipality of Kranjska Gora.
The house represents a well-preserved example of rural architecture, and was long the home of a typical middle-class farming family. Notable feature include the stonework door casing, as well as the frescoes of St. Florian and sundial on the exterior walls.
The Municipality of Kranjska Gora purchased the fire-damaged property in 1995; with the assistance of the Carniolan Agency for the Protection of Cultural Heritage, renovations were completed in 2004. The following year, the Upper Sava Museum began establishing an ethnological collection, focusing on folk customs, dress, and handicrafts of the Rateče area.
The house is furnished with authentic period furniture; two mannequins display several rotating examples of traditional regional costume. The attic contains an ethnological archive, including a rare 80-year-old film recording of village life.

</doc>
<doc id="20900160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900160" title="Prevoje pri Šentvidu">
Prevoje pri Šentvidu

Prevoje pri Šentvidu is a settlement northeast of Ljubljana on the road to Celje in Slovenia. It is in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Prevoje" to "Prevoje pri Šentvidu" in 1953.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Prevoje pri Šentvid include:

</doc>
<doc id="20900164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900164" title="List of Sub-Saharan African submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film">
List of Sub-Saharan African submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film

The following is a list of the films submitted by the countries of Sub-Saharan Africa in the Best Foreign Language Film category at the Academy Awards. The list excludes submissions by South Africa, which can be seen here.
In 1976, Côte d'Ivoire became the first country in the region to submit a film. Although the film was a majority French production, it was allowed to represent the "Ivory Coast", and went on to win the 1977 Oscar.
Burkina Faso and Cameroon each submitted one film in the 1980s, Democratic Republic of the Congo sent one in the 1990s and Chad and Tanzania submitted in the 2000s. 
NOTE: Films were submitted for consideration in autumn of the earlier year, with the Oscar ceremony taking place the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="20900177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900177" title="Becky Edwards">
Becky Edwards

Rebecca "Becky" Edwards (born May 22, 1988) is an American soccer player from Downingtown, Pennsylvania. She currently plays for Houston Dash in the National Women's Soccer League and is a midfielder for the United States U-23 women's national soccer team.
Early life.
Edwards played collegiately for the Florida State University women's soccer team. Among her teammates at FSU were Australian international Selin Kuralay and Japanese international Mami Yamaguchi.
Career.
Club.
FC Gold Pride.
Edwards was selected as the 12th overall pick in the 2010 WPS Draft by the FC Gold Pride. During her time with the FC Gold Pride she made 25 appearances (21 starts) as a rookie, helping to lead the team to a WPS Championship. Played with Thorns FC teammates Christine Sinclair and Rachel Buehler with FC Gold Pride.
Western New York Flash.
Appeared in 19 matches, scoring 3 goals, helped the team to the 2011 WPS Championship.
Kristianstads DFF.
In 2012 Edwards played for Swedish team Kristianstads DFF where she recorded two goals in 18 matches and 17 starts, helping the team to the quarterfinal of the Swedish Cup.
Portland Thorns FC.
Edwards was signed as a Free Agent with the Portland Thorns ahead of the inaugural season of the NWSL.
Houston Dash.
On January 10, 2014, it was announced that Edwards had been selected by the Houston Dash with the eight pick in the 2014 NWSL Expansion Draft.
International.
Edwards has extensive experience at the youth level for the United States. Edwards captained the team that won the 2008 U-20 Women's World Championship team, playing alongside current club teammates Alex Morgan, Nikki Marshall, and Nikki Washington. Played for the U-23 Women’s National Team in 2011, helping the side win the championship of the Four Nations Tournament in La Manga, Spain. Edwards was called into her first full United States women's national soccer team training camp in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20900180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900180" title="Prevoje">
Prevoje

Prevoje is a small settlement north of Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900182" title="Ľuboš Križko">
Ľuboš Križko

Ľuboš Križko (born August 9, 1979) is an Olympic swimmer from Trenčín, Slovakia who competes in men's 100 meter backstroke. He finished 13th at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and tied for 27th at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. 
At the 2010 European Aquatics Championships, Križko tested positive for tamoxifen and has been banned for two years (retroactive September 22, 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="20900198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900198" title="Prilesje, Lukovica">
Prilesje, Lukovica

Prilesje is a small settlement in the hills above Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900203" title="Shunchang County">
Shunchang County

Shunchang County () is a county under the administration of Nanping City, in the northwest of Fujian province, People's Republic of China. The county's name was established in 933, during the Tang Dynasty. It has a total area of , and a population of approximately 241,200 people as of the end of 2003. It is a key region for forestry and the production of coarse bamboo in Fujian.
Administrative divisions.
Shunchang County administers one subdistrict, seven towns, and four rural townships. The subdistrict is Shuangxi. The towns include Jianxi, Yangkou, Yuankeng, Bushang, Dali, Dagan, and Renshou. The rural townships include Yangdun, Zhengfang, Lanxia, and Gaoyang.
Geography.
Shunchang County has two major rivers, Futunxi and Jinxi, as well as numerous smaller tributaries.

</doc>
<doc id="20900214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900214" title="Prvine">
Prvine

Prvine is a small settlement in the hills above Šentožbolt in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900220" title="List of mountains of Sri Lanka">
List of mountains of Sri Lanka

The following page lists most mountains in Sri Lanka that are over above mean sea level.
References.
http://www.sundayobserver.lk/2013/10/27/spe01.asp]]
hi 10000000 ft above sea level

</doc>
<doc id="20900233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900233" title="Korbáčik">
Korbáčik

Korbáčik is a type of semi-hard or medium hard string cheese. It originates from the Orava region of northern Slovakia. It is made from smoked cheese interwoven into fine braids. The name roughly translates to "little whip" which refers to the pattern woven onto the strings.
Content.
The are two main variants of the Korbáčik, the smoked and the un-smoked. In addition to these, it is not uncommon to produce salty variants, as well as with garlic. The basis for the production is milk, either from Cow or from Sheep.

</doc>
<doc id="20900241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900241" title="Rafolče">
Rafolče

Rafolče () is a village in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Catherine.

</doc>
<doc id="20900254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900254" title="Selce, Lukovica">
Selce, Lukovica

Selce is a small settlement in the hills above Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900268" title="Straža, Lukovica">
Straža, Lukovica

Straža is a small settlement above Rafolče in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900272" title="List of State University of New York at Purchase people">
List of State University of New York at Purchase people

The following is a list of individuals associated with State University of New York at Purchase through attending as a student, or serving as a member of the faculty or staff.
__TOC__
Conservatory of Theater Arts & Film Alumni "Purchase Mafia".
The Alumni of the Conservatory of Theater Arts & Film compose what has been called "The Purchase Mafia" by several different sources, including Edie Falco and Hal Hartley and is also organized as an alumni group on Linkedin. The term was first coined by casting director, Eve Brandstein, and later used in multiple biographical listings of Purchase alumni on The Internet Movie Database. It was later picked up by the press when actress and Purchase alumna, Edie Falco, came to national attention as a result of her role on HBO's mob drama, "The Sopranos".
Notable alumni and former students from the Conservatory of Theater Arts & Film:
Actors/Actresses.
Christopher Williams

</doc>
<doc id="20900293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900293" title="1949 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team">
1949 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team

The 1949 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team represented the University of Notre Dame during the 1949 college football season. The Irish, coached by Frank Leahy, ended the season with 10 wins and no losses, winning the national championship. The 1949 team became the seventh Irish team to win the national title and the third in four years. Led by Heisman winner Leon Hart, the Irish outscored their opponents 360-86. The 1949 team is the last team in what is considered to be the Notre Dame Football dynasty, a stretch of games in which Notre Dame went 36-0-2 and won three national championships and two Heisman Trophies. The Irish squad was cited by Sports Illustrated as the part of the second best sports dynasty (professional or collegiate) of the 20th century and second greatest college football dynasty.
Season.
Coaching Staff.
Head Coach: Frank Leahy
Assistants: Bernie Crimmins (First Assistant/Backfield), John F. Druze (Chief Scout), Bill Earley (Backfield), Joe McArdle (Guards), Robert McBride (Tackles), Fred Miller (Volunteer Assistant), Benjamin Sheridan (Freshman)
Post-season.
Award winners.
Heisman Voting:
All-Americans:
College Football Hall of Fame Inductees:
1950 NFL Draft.
The following players were drafted into professional football following the season.
John Nusskern Tackle Green Bay Packers

</doc>
<doc id="20900295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900295" title="Mitchell's Fruit Farms Limited">
Mitchell's Fruit Farms Limited

Mitchell's Fruit Farms Limited or Mitchell's is a Pakistani food company. It is considered as one of the largest and oldest food company that has started its operations in 1933 under the name of Indian Mildura Fruit Farms Limited in the British Indian region that has now been administered by Pakistan. It was founded by Francis J. Mitchell. After the independence of Pakistan, its name was changed to Mitchell's Fruit Farms Limited. It is head quartered in Lahore, Pakistan while the farms and factory are situated at Renala Khurd, in Okara District of Punjab, Pakistan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20900320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900320" title="1947 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team">
1947 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team

The 1947 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team represented the University of Notre Dame during the 1947 college football season. The Irish, coached by Frank Leahy, ended the season with 9 wins and no losses, winning the national championship. The 1947 team became the sixth Irish team to win the national title and the second in a row for Leahy. The squad is the second team in what is considered to be the Notre Dame Football dynasty, a stretch of games in which Notre Dame went 36-0-2 and won three national championships and two Heisman Trophies from 1946-1949. The 1947 team was cited by Sports Illustrated as the part of the second best sports dynasty (professional or collegiate) of the 20th century and second greatest college football dynasty.
Post-season.
Award winners.
All-Americans:
College Football Hall of Fame Inductees:
The 1947 national championship dispute.
While Notre Dame was voted national champion in the final official AP poll, Michigan went on to beat USC, 49–0, in the 1948 Rose Bowl, a greater margin that by which Notre Dame had beaten USC. Notre Dame and Michigan had traded the top spot in the polls through much of the season. Michigan took the #1 spot in the AP poll on November 16, 1947, and Notre Dame moved into the #1 spot on November 23, 1947, by a margin of 1,410 points to 1,289 points. This last regular season poll determined the recipient of the AP's national championship trophy.
Debate arose among some prominent sports writers, among them football writer Pete Rozelle" and Grantland Rice, the dean of the nation's sports writers. Rice lauded the Wolverines, saying, "It is the best all-around college football team I've seen this year..." Red Smith of the "New York Herald Tribune" said, "No other team that I have seen this season did things with so little effort. Crisler has so many that do so much."
Notre Dame supporters argued that the post-season AP poll was final and should not be revisited. They contended that Michigan had run up the score on USC, noted that Notre Dame had not had an opportunity to play in a bowl game, and asserted that Michigan and other Big Nine schools were unwilling to schedule Notre Dame in the regular season.
"Detroit Free Press" Sports Editor Lyall Smith argued the debate should be answered by comparing the two team's performance against common opponents. Smith noted: "They played three common foes. Notre Dame beat Pitt, 40–6, a margin of 34 points: Michigan beat Pitt 59–0. Notre Dame defeated Northwestern, 26 to 19, a margin of seven points: Michigan beat the 'Cats 49 to 21, for a 28-point advantage. Notre Dame dropped USC, 36 to 7, in what Coach Frank Leahy termed his team's 'greatest game of the year,' while Michigan slaughtered the same Trojans, 49 to 0. Against those three common opponents the Irish scored 104 points to 32. Michigan's margin was 167 to 21."
In response to the debate over which team truly deserved to be recognized as the nation's best, an unofficial post-bowl ballot was held, with the only two options being Michigan and Notre Dame. The AP reported on the rationale for the special poll this way: "The Associated Press is polling sports editors of its member papers throughout the country to help settle the argument as to which is the better football team -- Michigan or Notre Dame. The AP's final poll of the top ten teams, released Dec. 8 at the conclusion of the regulation season, resulted in Notre Dame winning first place with 1,410 points. Michigan was second with 1,289. . . . Returns so far received indicate that voting in this latest poll is likely to be the heaviest ever recorded." Another AP report indicated the special poll was "conducted by popular demand" to answer "the burning sports question of the day" and to do so "at the ballot box."
Commenting on the post-Rose Bowl poll, Michigan coach Fritz Crisler said "the men who voted couldn't have made a mistake if they had picked either team." He described Notre Dame coach Frank Leahy as a "superb coach." Notre Dame President, Father John Cavanagh said, "We at Notre Dame feel grateful for the magnanimous statement of Coach Crisler. I listened to Michigan against Southern California and have only praise for the skill and accomplishment of your fine team."
Despite the magnanimous statements of Coach Crisler and Father Cavanagh, the reversed decision in the post-Rose Bowl poll only stoked the debate over which team was best. Said one columnist: "Hottest argument of the moment is the one over which had the better football team, Michigan or Notre Dame. To settle it the Associated Press polled better than 350 sports writers in 48 states . . . with a two to one nod for the Wolverines."
Forty years later, the debate was still ongoing. In 1988, Michigan All-American Dan Dworsky noted: "Notre Dame still claims that national championship and so do we."
The NCAA, the governing body for college athletics, presently cites Notre Dame as the official AP title winner. The Associated Press also does not recognize the special poll and the special poll does not supersede the original final poll.

</doc>
<doc id="20900322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900322" title="U.S. Route 36 in Missouri">
U.S. Route 36 in Missouri

In the U.S. state of Missouri, U.S. Route 36 is an expressway with many freeway sections, connecting Kansas to Illinois. From Cameron to the Illinois state line, it forms part of the principal route between Kansas City and Chicago, known as the Chicago–Kansas City Expressway.
All of US 36 in Missouri is named the V.F.W. Memorial Highway.
Route description.
U.S. Route 36 in Missouri runs from the Pony Express Bridge over the Missouri River in St. Joseph to the Mark Twain Memorial Bridge over the Mississippi River in Hannibal. 
After leaving the Missouri River valley, U.S. 36 then links major cities in Northern Missouri with Kansas City and cities in the east. From Cameron to the Illinois state line, it is overlapped with Missouri Route 110, also known as the Chicago–Kansas City Expressway. Starting in St. Joseph, it passes through the cities of Cameron, Hamilton, Chillicothe, Macon, Shelbina, Monroe City, and Brookfield. The final of US 36 in Missouri is concurrent with Interstate 72. The route passes through mostly flat, fertile, productive farmland. Even though there are some surface intersections, U.S. 36 has many grade-separated interchanges and town bypasses that suggest a future extension of I-72 west from Hannibal.
History.
US 36 across Missouri parallels the route of the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad, which was the reason St. Joseph was selected for the Pony Express. The two towns were the second and third largest cities in the State of Missouri prior to the American Civil War. Prior to the establishment of the railroad in the late 1850s, the stagecoach route was called the "Hound Dog Trail."
The road was originally Route 8 from 1922 to 1926, before being designated as US 36. Over the years some busier sections were upgraded to four lanes. On August 3, 2005, residents of Macon, Marion, Monroe, Shelby, and Ralls counties approved Proposition 36B, which excluded Ralls County from the Transportation Development District, and allowed for a 4-lane US 36 to be constructed without Ralls County's participation. In June 2010 work was completed making US 36 a four-lane highway across the entire state, saving considerable travel time.

</doc>
<doc id="20900344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900344" title="Tony Tremlett (bishop)">
Tony Tremlett (bishop)

Anthony Paul Tremlett (14 May 1914 – 22 August 1992) was an Anglican Bishop in the second half of the 20th century.
He was educated at King's School, Bruton and King's College, Cambridge before studying for ordination at Ripon College Cuddesdon. He remained unmarried and single throughout his life, although he had twenty-six Godchildren with all of whom he stayed in regular contact. Following his retirement in 1980, he lived with a resident Housekeeper in the cotswold town of Northleach, where he died on 22 August 1992.
Church career.
He began his career with a curacy at St Barnabas, Northolt from where he rose steadily in the Church hierarchy. During World War II he was Mentioned in Despatches as a Chaplain to the Forces and then Domestic Chaplain to the Bishop of Trinidad before another Chaplaincy, this time at Trinity Hall, Cambridge. He was then Vicar of St Stephen with St John, Westminster before his elevation to the Episcopate as Bishop of Dover in 1964. He retired in 1980. He acquired a positive reputation for being skilled in encouraging vocations to ordination amongst young men, and 50 ordinands and priests whose vocations he had personally encouraged clubbed together to purchase his episcopal regalia on his elevation to the episcopate; nonetheless, in retirement he often bemoaned the fact that, despite his careful prayers, only one of his 26 Godsons took Holy Orders.

</doc>
<doc id="20900357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900357" title="Jose Maria Delgado">
Jose Maria Delgado

Dr. Jose Maria Delgado (June 20, 1887, Malolos - December 24, 1978) was the first Philippine Ambassador to the Vatican. He was the cousin of Francisco Afan Delgado, descendant of General Martin Delgado.
Early life.
Delgado was born on 20 June 1887 in the Philippine city of Malolos. He was the fourth child of Juan Fausto Delgado and Eustaquia Salcedo y Concepcion. He married Felisa Concepcion by whom he has four boys: Jose, Jesus, Francisco, Antonio and four girls: Milagros, Pilar, Filomena, Teresita.
He attended and received the Award of Excellence (Valedictorian) from the Ateneo de Manila University and Magna Cum laude from the University of Santo Tomas for his Doctor in Medicine and Surgery. Graduating in 1912, Dr. Delgado joined the San Juan de Dios hospital for a brief period before putting up his own clinic in San Pablo. In 1917, Dr. Delgado founded Council 1900 of the Knights of Columbus. This was the first Filipino council of the K of C and he would eventually hold the position of Grand Knight.
Career.
In 1923, he returned to Manila and resumed his practice with old friends and classmates, establishing his own clinic in the city. It was during this period of his life that he began teaching obstetrics, pediatrics and gynecology at the University of Santo Tomas, while lecturing on medical ethics, sociology, anthropology, apologetics and religion. This would be a career path that would continue for 27 years and would earn him the distinction of being the only layman teaching theology.
Delgado was appointed as the first resident ambassador of the Republic of the Philippines to the Holy See in 1957. A post that his son Antonio C. Delgado would also hold. Written about Ambassador Delgado in a special issue of the Manila Chronicle, January 31, 1969 by Francisco De Leon: 
In 1966, he authored a book "Fe Y Patria," Discursos, conferencias y articulos.
Among some of the awards received through the life of Dr. Jose Maria Delgado: 
When asked about his passions, Dr. Delgado is remembered as saying: “I have three loves in this life, God, Country and Culture. Upon his passing at the age of 91 on December 24, 1978, one might say that his life was an embodiment of these passions.

</doc>
<doc id="20900360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900360" title="Tengah, Singapore">
Tengah, Singapore

Tengah is an area north of Jurong and west of Bukit Batok, slightly bigger than Jurong West. It is currently reserved for future housing developments and to be built by 2019.
History.
Before urbanization took place, Tengah was known as 'Hong Kah', a Chinese kampong just slightly north off present-day Jurong Spring and Jurong Green.
In the 1980s, under the government's resettlement plan, villagers of Hong Kah were shifted to nearby towns newly built by the government, particularly into today's Jurong Green, Jurong Spring and Bukit Batok areas. Schools were shifted elsewhere and one example is Xingnan Primary School, which used to operate at a temple along 'Hong Kah Road' at the village. The HDB estates of Jurong Green and Jurong Spring are given the name 'Hong Kah', probably meaning that most of the villagers resettled there. When the village was cleared, the PIE and AYE projects started in the area and that led to the creation of 'Jurong West Avenue 2' and the expressway which brought about the rise of Jurong West New Town and Choa Chu Kang New Town. The 2 expressways, together with Brickland Road and Bukit Batok Road, bonded part of Hong Kah, which made it inaccessible to the general public and Hong Kah became a reserve site since then.
Currently, it is being inhabited and used by the military for training activities. The part of Hong Kah being bounded has since been renamed to 'Tengah', probably due to military reasons.
Military use.
Since mid-2006, Tengah is home to Tengah Air Base and Home Team Academy. The military area forms parts of Tengah (the section of Old Choa Chu Kang Road, HomeTeam Academy and Pan Island Expressway until Teen Challenge Centre), plus the big plot of land, is mostly known as Jurong North/Hong Kah.
Future.
Tengah is expected to be a new town; however there has been no further announcements made regarding plans for the new town.

</doc>
<doc id="20900378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900378" title="John P. A. Ioannidis">
John P. A. Ioannidis

John P. A. Ioannidis (born 1965 in New York City) is a Professor of Health Research and Policy at Stanford School of Medicine as well as the University's Rehnborg Chair in Disease Prevention; and director of its Prevention Research Center. He was chairman at the Department of Hygiene and Epidemiology, University of Ioannina School of Medicine as well as adjunct professor at Tufts University School of Medicine. He is best known for his research and published papers on scientific studies. The paper he wrote headlined "most published research findings are probably false" is widely noted.
Biography.
Ioannidis was born in 1965 and raised in Athens, Greece. He was Valedictorian of his class at Athens College, graduating in 1984. He also graduated first in his class at the University of Athens Medical School, then attended Harvard University for his medical residency in internal medicine. He did a fellowship at Tufts University for infectious disease. 
Research findings.
Ioannidis's 2005 paper "Why Most Published Research Findings Are False"
has been the most downloaded technical paper from the journal "PLoS Medicine". A profile of his work in this area appears in the November 2010 issue of "The Atlantic". "The Atlantic" article notes Ioannidis analyzed "49 of the most highly regarded research findings in medicine over the previous 13 years". In the paper Ioannidis compared the 45 studies that claimed to have uncovered effective interventions with data from subsequent studies with larger sample sizes: 7 (16%) of the studies were contradicted, 7 (16%) the effects were smaller than in the initial study and 31 (68%) of the studies remained either unchallenged or the findings could be replicated. 
Statisticians Goodman and Greenland agreed that "many medical research findings are less definitive than readers suspect" but disputed his headline claims as unsupportable by the methods used. Ioannidis responded to this critique and other researchers have generally supported the general thrust of his findings. Ioannidis' work is focused on improving research design standards.

</doc>
<doc id="20900381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900381" title="Charles H. Black">
Charles H. Black

Charles H. Black (October 5, 1852 – 1918) was an American carriage maker and automobile pioneer whose business was in Indianapolis, Indiana. 
Early life.
Black was a native of Hagerstown in Wayne County, Indiana. When he was a child, his family moved to Indianapolis, where he received his education in the city's public schools. He went on to serve in the Union Army during the American Civil War, as did his younger brother Edward E. Black, who became the Union's youngest soldier at the age of only eight. 
Career.
After working in a number of carriage factories, Black set up on his own account as a blacksmith and then as a carriage maker, with premises at 44 Pennsylvania Street, Indianapolis, gaining a reputation as a craftsman and design innovator. In 1891, as he later reported in the "Indianapolis News" (1913) and the "American Chauffeur" (1916), he completed and tested his first steam-powered "chug buggy". However, he rejected the steam engine for use in an automobile as being "too cumbersome and hard to manage" and continued to search for a more suitable engine. Later the same year, 1891, he states that he imported a Karl Benz gasoline-powered engine from Germany and mounted it into a "horseless carriage" which he tried out successfully in Indianapolis on the paved streets of Circle and Delaware, becoming the first person to drive an automobile in the city. He continued to drive this vehicle for the next twenty years. 
Remarkably, research has failed to bring to light contemporary reports from the 1890s of Black's first automobile, but eyewitness accounts and early photographs exist. A business card of the C. H. Black Manufacturing Company dated 1892 shows a picture of Black's first automobile with the legend "Estimates furnished for power-equipped vehicles of any style", and two of his early vehicles are extant, one on display at the Children's Museum of Indianapolis and the other in a private collection. Black's design failed to go into larger scale production, largely because its ignition system required the use of a kerosene torch.
In 1899, Black went on to organize an automobile manufacturing company. The city of Indianapolis claims him as the inventor of the first internal combustion engine automobile, while other inventors from the city introduced both the six-cylinder engine and the concept of four-wheel brakes.
Black's main business was in producing more conventional vehicles, including buggies, delivery wagons, hearses, and the first patrol wagon operated by the Indianapolis police department. 
He died in 1918 and is buried in Indianapolis at the Crown Hill Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20900384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900384" title="1946 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team">
1946 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team

The 1946 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team represented the University of Notre Dame during the 1946 college football season. The Irish, coached by Frank Leahy, ended the season with 8 wins and 1 tie, winning the national championship. The 1946 team became the fifth Irish team to win the national title and the second for Leahy. The 1946 is the first team in what is considered to be the Notre Dame Football dynasty, a stretch of games in which Notre Dame went 36-0-2 and won three national championships and two Heisman Trophies from 1946-1949. The 1946 team was cited by Sports Illustrated as the part of the second best sports dynasty (professional or collegiate) of the 20th century and second greatest college football dynasty. The season also produced one of college football's "games of the century", the famous 0-0 tie with Army at Yankee Stadium.
Post-season.
Award winners.
All-Americans:
College Football Hall of Fame Inductees:

</doc>
<doc id="20900394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900394" title="Groton Long Point Volunteer Fire Department">
Groton Long Point Volunteer Fire Department

The Groton Long Point Volunteer Fire Department (GLPVFD) was established in 1951. Functioning year-round, the Fire Department runs fire service and the basic Emergency medical services needs to the neighborhood it serves in the city of Groton, Connecticut. Groton Long Point Vol. Fire Department is one of five volunteer fire departments, in addition to the city of Groton Fire Department, in the city of Groton. The GLPVFD is located at 5 Atlantic Ave. and operates a fire apparatus fleet of 1 Engine, 1 Light Rescue, and 1 Fireboat.
History.
Prior to 1951, fire protection for Groton Long Point was provided by the Noank Fire Department.

</doc>
<doc id="20900404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900404" title="Linlang">
Linlang

Linlang (English title: Deception) is a Philippine television drama and the sixth installment of Now and Forever series. "Linlang" is a tale of betrayal, heartache and vengeance.
Plot.
Lorena is a rich and powerful woman. But she becomes a victim of people that she loves and trusts. Then an accident happens, Lorena dies. Her soul finds itself to Divina's body, a simple girl with her own dark past. Divina is eventually employed at Villa Lorena (the resort owned by Lorena). In Divina's body, Lorena discovers the plot that led to her own demise.

</doc>
<doc id="20900405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900405" title="9th parallel south">
9th parallel south

The 9th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 9 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 9° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20900407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900407" title="Suša, Lukovica">
Suša, Lukovica

Suša is a small settlement northeast of Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900411" title="Lopirazepam">
Lopirazepam

Lopirazepam (INN) is a short-acting benzodiazepine analog of the pyridodiazepine type (specifically, the pyridodiazepine analog of lorazepam) with anxiolytic and hypnotic properties. It has never been marketed.

</doc>
<doc id="20900415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900415" title="Hanoi Citadel">
Hanoi Citadel

The central old citadel of Hanoi was the former residence of Vietnamese monarchs dating back to Đại Việt, when the city was known as Thăng Long. 
History.
The Imperial Citadel of Thang Long was constructed earliest by the Ly dynasty in 1010 and remained the seat of the Vietnamese court until 1810, when Huế became the capital city. The royal palaces and other various structures were largely destroyed by the colonial French in the late 19th century. Some structures remain such as Doan Mon gate and the Flag Tower of Hanoi, as well as the steps of Kinh Thiên Palace and the Hậu Lâu (Princess' Palace). 
The Vietnamese military command under General Giap, had its headquarters in the citadel in the building known as D67. An underground tunnel enabled the military to flee to other parts in case of a raid. 
Construction work for the National Assembly building in 2003 uncovered large remains of the citadel dating back to Thăng Long. Some of the remains are now exhibited in the Vietnamese History Museum. Where the planned new National Assembly building should not be located is still open. 
Starting in 2000, some of the old French barracks and buildings have been destroyed to make place for a new museum within the citadel.
In 2010 the citadel was inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List as "The Central Sector of the Imperial Citadel of Thang Long - Hanoi".

</doc>
<doc id="20900425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900425" title="Dangal">
Dangal

Dangal (English title: Honor) is a Philippine television drama and the seventh installment of Now and Forever series. "Dangal" is a drama about love, trust and betrayal.
Plot.
The story revolves around a young lady named Alta Roxas, who belongs to a wealthy family and whose life seems to be perfect. She is surrounded by people she loves and trusts—her loving and devoted fiance Adrian; her friends Celestine and Iyanna; as well as her adopted sister Giovanna. Everything in her life is perfect until the very women she trusts decide to betray her.

</doc>
<doc id="20900427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900427" title="Fabian Jackson">
Fabian Jackson

The Rt Fabian Menteath Elliot Jackson was an Anglican Bishop in the mid 20th century . Born on 22 November 1902 he was educated at Westminster School and the University of London. Ordained in 1927 he was successively a Curate at St Augustine’s, Kilburn, Priest in charge at Northolt Park and Vicar of All Saints, Clifton before his elevation to the Episcopate as Bishop of Trinidad. In 1949 he returned to England as Rector of Batcombe, Somerset – a post he held until retirement in 1967. He died on 16 July 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20900445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900445" title="Trnjava">
Trnjava

Trnjava is a settlement east of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900450" title="RAF Mauripur">
RAF Mauripur

RAF Mauripur was a Royal Air Force station in British India outside of Karachi. It is now known as Masroor Airbase.
British units continued to use the airfield after the creation of Pakistan in 1947, finally leaving in 1956 - Pakistan becoming a republic at this time, and the RAF airfields at Gan and Masirah taking over RAF Far East Air Force staging duties from Mauripur and Habbaniya which closed at around the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="20900451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900451" title="IBM Kanji System">
IBM Kanji System

IBM Kanji System was announced in 1971 to support Japanese language processing on the IBM System/360 computers. It was later enhanced by the support of IBM System/34, IBM 5550 and DOS/V.
General.
IBM Kanji System became available in a series of staged announcements. Its initial technical demonstration was done at Expo '70 in Osaka, and official announcement was made in 1971, including:
The Kanji Keypunch was able to punch up to 2950 kinds of Kanji characters, using the left hand to select one of the 15 shift keys and the right hand to select one of the 240 Kanji characters for each shift. Until that time, only English alphanumeric and Japanese half-width Katakana characters were processed on IBM mainframes, but now it established the basis for handling up to about 10,000 Japanese characters used in the daily life.
The IBM Kanji System was further enhanced in September, 1979, to include:
Hardware
Kanji support software
IBM Kanji System was planned, designed and implemented mainly by Double-byte Technical Coordination Organization (DTCO) and development departments in IBM Fujisawa Laboratory, assisted by IBM Endicott Lab (IBM 029), Poughkeepsie Lab (OS/VS), Kingston Lab (IBM 3270), Santa Teresa Lab (IMS), Hursley Lab (CICS), Boeblingen Lab (DOS/VSE) and other locations as well as related vendors.
These announcements were followed by other announcements:
Competition and cooperation.
At that time, Japan's major mainframe companies were developing their own Japanese processing systems independently and at the same time cooperating to establish a Japanese character code industry standard (JIS X 0208). Some of these systems are:
Effect to the support of other languages.
Similar supports became later available for Korean, Traditional Chinese and Simplified Chinese languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20900456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900456" title="Trnovče">
Trnovče

Trnovče () is a dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900467" title="J B Koshy">
J B Koshy

Justice Jacob Benjamin Koshy was born on 13-5-1947 to Mr. Koshy who was then Principal of the Brickfield Higher Secondary School in Malaysia. Justice Jacob Benjamin Koshy is the chairman of Kerala Human Rights Commission. He was Chief Justice of Patna High Court. Justice Koshy was appointed Acting Chief Justice of the Kerala High Court following the elevation of Chief Justice H.L. Dattu as Supreme Court Judge. Appointed as Permanent Judge in 1996, Mr. Koshy was the Executive Chairman of the Kerala State Legal Services Authority.
Early life and education.
Justice JB Koshy, completed his early education at the Metropolitan High School, Puthencavu, and Passed BSc Degree from Mar Ivanios College, Thiruvananthapuram in 1966. He completed his LLB and LLM degrees from Government Law College, Ernakulam. He obtained his Post graduate (LL.M) degree in Mercantile Law including Law of Contract from Kerala University.
Career.
Enrolled as Advocate on 12-10-1968. Practiced in the High Court at Ernakulam, Labour Court, Industrial Tribunal and CEGAT in Constitutional Law, Industrial Law, Customs, Central Excise matters etc. Worked as Standing Counsel for many Central / State Government undertakings and private sector companies like Tata Tea Limited, Hindustan Lever Limited etc. Appointed as permanent Judge of the Kerala High Court with effect from 17-01-1996. He was Executive Chairman of Kerala State Legal Service Authority (KELSA) from 2006 to 2009. Served as Chairman of the Indian Law Institute, Kerala from 2007 to 2009 and Chairman of the Advisory Boards constituted under the COFEPOSA Act and National Security Act from 2005 to 2009. He was Chancellor of the National University of Advanced Legal Studies, Cochin as Acting Chief Justice of the Kerala High Court and Chancellor of Chanakya National Law University, Patna till retirement as Chief Justice of the Patna High Court. On April 2010, appointed as Chairman of the Appellate Tribunal for Forfeited Property under the Smugglers and Foreign Exchange Manipulators (Forfeiture of Property) Act and Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act. Took additional charge as Chairman of Appellate Tribunal under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act in May 2010. After resigning the post of Chairman, Appellate Tribunal for Forfeited Property, taken charge as Chairperson of Kerala State Human Rights Commission on 05.09.2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20900468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900468" title="Denys Hobson">
Denys Hobson

Denys Laurence Hobson born 3 September 1951 in Port Elizabeth) is a former South African first class cricketer. Hobson played as a right-handed batsman and legbreak bowler for Eastern Province and Western Province. His career lasted from 1970-71 to 1984-85.
Educated at Kingswood, he played for Eastern Province in the Nuffield week from 1970 to 1971. He represented South African schools in 1971. He furthered his studies at Rhodes University and played for S.A. Universities in 1972 and 1973. 
Regarded by many as South Africa's best legbreak bowler, before, during and after the years of isolation, he was invited to play in World Series Cricket in Australia in 1977. Because he was an amateur player, for political reasons he was not allowed to play. Graeme Pollock who joined Hobson on this trip, suffered the same fate. Hobson played in a 105 first class matches, taking 374 wickets at an average of 27.52. He maintained a strike rate of 59.1 balls per wicket. In 90 Currie Cup matches he took 319 wickets.
He played for South Africa in four unofficial "Tests" during the Apartheid years and was South African cricketer of the year in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20900471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900471" title="Takahito Chiba">
Takahito Chiba


</doc>
<doc id="20900472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900472" title="Madonnina (statue)">
Madonnina (statue)

The Madonnina is a statue of the Virgin Mary atop Milan Cathedral in Italy.
The Madonnina spire or "guglia del tiburio" ("lantern spire"), one of the main features of the cathedral, was erected in 1762 at the height of . The spire was designed by Francesco Croce. At the top of the spire is the polychrome Madonnina statue, designed and built by Giuseppe Perego in 1774, during the episcopacy of Giuseppe Pozzobonelli who supported the idea to place the Madonnina at the top of the Cathedral.
By tradition, no building in Milan is higher than the Madonnina. When Gio Ponti’s Pirelli Building was being built in the late 1950s, at a height of , a smaller replica of the Madonnina was placed atop the Pirelli building, so the new Madonnina remains the tallest point in Milan. 
In 2010 another replica was placed as well on the top of the Palazzo Lombardia, at a height of , being then the tallest building in the city.
The Madonnina is the subject of the most traditional Milanese song, "O mia bela Madunina".

</doc>
<doc id="20900474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900474" title="Učak">
Učak

Učak is a small settlement east of Šentožbolt in the Municipality of Lukovica in Central Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900477" title="Iminoglycinuria">
Iminoglycinuria

Iminoglycinuria, sometimes called familial iminoglycinuria, is an autosomal recessive disorder of renal tubular transport affecting reabsorption of the amino acid glycine, and the imino acids proline and hydroxyproline. This results in excess urinary excretion of all three acids ("-uria" denotes "in the urine"). 
Iminoglycinuria is a rare and complex disorder, associated with a number of genetic mutations that cause defects in both renal and intestinal transport systems of glycine and imino acids.
Imino acids typically contain an imine functional group, instead of the amino group found in amino acids. Proline is considered and usually referred to as an amino acid, but unlike others, it has a secondary amine. This feature, unique to proline, identifies proline also as an imino acid. Hydroxyproline is another imino acid, made from the naturally occurring hydroxylation of proline.
Characteristics.
The primary characteristic of iminoglycinuria is the presence of glycine and imino acids in the urine. Otherwise, it is thought to be a relatively benign disorder, although symptoms associated with disruptions of proline and glycine metabolism caused by malabsorption may be present with iminoglycinuria. These include encephalopathy, mental retardation, deafness, blindness, kidney stones, hypertension and gyrate atrophy. 
Gyrate atrophy is an inherited degenerative disorder of the retina and choroid, sometimes accompanying the metabolic condition hyperornithinemia. The presence of gyrate atrophy with iminoglycinuria stems from a deficiency of proline in chorioretinal tissues, while processes behind hyperornithinemia disrupt the metabolic pathway from ornithine to proline, which alters the catabolism of ornithine, and also results in reduced levels of proline. Thus, gyrate atrophy can be found with either disorder, with proline deficiency as an underlying feature.
Hyperglycinuria is another disorder affecting reabsorption of glycine and imino acids, similar to iminoglycinuria and considered to be a heterozygous form. When accompanied by a specific type of kidney stone (nephrolithiasis), it is sometimes referred to as "iminoglycinuria, type II".
Pathophysiology.
Glycine, proline and hydroxyproline share common renal tubular mechanisms of reabsorption, a function specific to the proximal tubule. Both reabsorption or absorption of glycine and imino acids takes place respectively at the proximal tubule or intestinal brush border epithelium. The more selective transport of proline and other imino acids is driven at the molecular level by a mammalian cellular transport mechanism aptly known as system IMINO.
While no single genetic mutation has been established as the cause of iminoglycinuria; several mutations, affecting transport mechanisms shared by glycine, proline and hydroxyproline, as well as those that selectively transport either glycine or imino acids, including the IMINO system, are known to be associated with the disorder. When combined, these factors will result in a variable phenotype for iminoglycinuria depending on which mutations are present. However, despite the role that intestinal malabsorption of glycine and imino acids can play in iminoglycinuria, the primary defect disrupts their renal transport and reabsorption. This is evident, as inherited iminoglycinuria can be clinically present with no intestinal involvement.
In mammals, including humans, the transport of amino and imino acids from the lumen (interior) of the intestine or the renal proximal tubule into the cells occurs at the brush border membrane of the epithelium (moist, tightly packed cellular lining of many tissues and organs of the body). Here, cotransporters such as sodium or chloride (part of the system of Na-K-Cl cotransporters) couple with the amino or imino acids on the molecular level and transport them through specific integral membrane proteins that form ion channels, which are located within the cell membrane. From the cells, the absorbed or reabsorbed amino and imino acids eventually reach the blood. Absorption refers to the overall process happening in the intestine in lieu of normal digestive breakdown of proteins, while reabsorption refers to the process occurring in the renal proximal tubule to reclaim amino and imino acids that have been filtered out of the blood via the glomerulus. 
These forms of transport require energy, as the products being transported are usually moving against a higher concentration gradient. This process, called active transport, get its energy from ATP and other ATP-related cotransport systems that produce energy, like the sodium-potassium pump.
Mechanism.
The primary defect associated with iminoglycinuria is a homozygous (recessive) mutation of the "SLC36A2" (PAT2) gene. One of several membrane transport proteins in the solute carrier family of amino acid transporters, PAT2 is the high-affinity renal transporter of glycine, proline and hydroxyproline found to be defective in both alleles when iminoglycinuria is present in an individual. This is in contrast to the fact that when only one PAT2 allele is defective, hyperglycinuria will be present instead of iminoglycinuria. These findings delineate iminoglycinuria as the homozygous form of hyperglycinuria, with the former having a higher degree of urinary excretion of glycine and imino acids correlating to mutations in both alleles.
Another mutation suspected to convey the iminoglycinuria phenotype may be found in the "SLC36A1" (PAT1) gene. Identified as the low-affinity intestinal transporter of glycine and imino acids, PAT1 works in cooperation with the renal sodium-hydrogen exchanger NHE3 ("SLC9A3"). As absorption and reabsorption of glycine, proline and hydroxyproline occurs through PAT1 as well, it is believed to play another role in expressing the malabsorptive iminoglycinuria phenotype. Recent reports, however, suggest a more diminished role from PAT1 in some cases of the disorder.
While PAT2 is strongly indicated as the primary mutagen responsible for iminoglycinuria, the variability of the phenotype is found to be instituted by three modifying genetic mutations. The major one among these is believed to be system IMINO.
Defined as the sodium-dependant proline transporter not inhibited by alanine, system IMINO, believed to be formed by the "SLC6A20" (SIT1) gene, is a crucial mammalian transport mechanism responsible for both renal reabsorption and intestinal absorption of proline and other imino acids, such as hydroxyproline and pipecolate. The mRNA sequence for SIT1 is expressed in a great deal of the gastrointestinal tract, including the stomach, duodenum, jejunum, ileum, cecum and colon. It is also found in the kidney, optical choroid, and parts of the central nervous system such the brain and microglial cells.
Reduced penetrance is a phenomenon where a fully inherited genetic trait, such as a disease or disorder, fails to exhibit the expected phenotype. This has been reported in some cases of iminoglycinuria. Here, system IMINO is thought to play a role in reduced penetrance of iminoglycinuria by compensating for imino acid malabsorption related specifically to mutations of PAT2. Conversely, SIT1 mutations are believed to result in full expression of iminoglycinuria in some cases where heterozygous mutations of PAT2 would otherwise have only been sufficient to cause hyperglycinuria.
Two other transport systems are believed to play subsequent roles in iminoglycinuria, when mutations in them are present. The neutral amino acid transporter "SLC6A19" (affecting glycine, proline, and other neutral amino acids like cysteine and tryptophan), associated with Hartnup disease, plays a role in iminoglycinuria as a modifier to PAT2 mutations and is also directly affected by the actions of SIT1. The glycine-specific transporter, "SLC6A18", also has an effect on the iminoglycinuria phenotype by either compounding or compensating for failures of glycine transport.
To summarize, iminoglycinuria is primarily expressed by homozygous mutations of the PAT2 renal transporter, while the overall iminoglycinuria phenotype may be modified by normal or defective activity of SIT1 (IMINO), "SLC6A19" and "SLC6A18".
Inheritance.
Iminoglycinuria is believed to be inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. This means a defective gene responsible for the disorder is located on an autosome, and inheritance requires two copies of the defective gene—one from each parent. Parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive disorder both carry one copy of the defective gene, but usually do not experience any signs or symptoms of the disorder.
A non-inherited cause of excess urinary excretion of proline and glycine, similar to that found in iminoglycinuria, is quite common to newborn infants younger than 6 months. Sometimes referred to as neonatal iminoglycinuria, it is due to underdevelopment of high-affinity transport mechanisms within the renal circuit, specifically PAT2, SIT1 and SLC6A18. The condition corrects itself with age. In cases where this persists beyond childhood, however, inherited hyperglycinuria or iminoglycinuria may be suspected.

</doc>
<doc id="20900481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900481" title="Domenico Cavagnari">
Domenico Cavagnari

"Translated from the corresponding article in the Italian Wikipedia"
Domenico Cavagnari (20 July 1876–2 November 1966) was an Italian admiral and the chief of staff of the Italian Royal Navy (the "Regia Marina") until 1940. He was succeeded by Admiral Arturo Riccardi.
Honours.
"From the Italian Wikipedia"

</doc>
<doc id="20900485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900485" title="Madonnina">
Madonnina

Madonnina may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20900491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900491" title="Mel Bourne">
Mel Bourne

Mel Bourne (22 November 1923 – 14 January 2003) was an American production designer and art director. He was nominated for three Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He was born Melvin B. Bornstein in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Frieda and Max Bornstein.
Selected filmography.
Bourne was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20900492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900492" title="Noboru Nakayama">
Noboru Nakayama

He is now a coach for Cerezo Osaka youth academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20900501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900501" title="Veliki Jelnik">
Veliki Jelnik

Veliki Jelnik () is a small settlement above Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in Central Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900511" title="De Graeff">
De Graeff

De Graeff (; also: Graeff and De Graeff van Polsbroek) is an old Dutch patrician family, which according to – unverified – family tradition descends from the Austrian Lords Von Graben. Allegedly one Wolfgang von Graben came 1483 to Holland. Since 1885 the family belonging to the new Dutch nobility with the title of jonkheer or jonkvrouw.
The family have played an important role during the Dutch Golden Age. They were at the centre of Amsterdam public life and oligarchy from 1578 until 1672.
The De Graeff family during the Dutch Golden Age.
During the Dutch Golden Age, the De Graeff family was very critical of the influence of the House of Orange. the De Graeffs belonged to the republican political movement, also referred to as the ‘state oriented’, as opposed to the Royalists. Together with the Republican political leaders, the Bicker family and Grand Pensionary Johan de Witt, the republican-minded brothers Cornelis and Andries de Graeff strived for the abolition of stadtholdership. They desired the full sovereignty of the individual regions in a form in which the Republic of the United Seven Netherlands was not ruled by a single person. Instead of a sovereign (or stadtholder) the political and military power was lodged with the States General and with the regents of the cities in Holland.
During the two decades from the 1650 to the 1670s the De Graeff family had a leading role in the Amsterdam administration, the city was at the peak of its political power. This period was also referred to by Republicans as the ‘Ware Vrijheid’ (True Freedom). It was the First Stadtholderless Period which lasted from 1650 to 1672 during these twenty years, the regents from Holland and in particular those of Amsterdam, controlled the republic. The city was flush with self-confidence and liked to compare itself to the famous Republic of Rome. Even without a stadtholder, things seemed to be going well for the Republic and its regents both politically and economically.
In early 1671, Andries de Graeff was once again put forward as chief-mayor (regent) and managed to gain control with his Republican faction. During the winter of that year it seemed as if – at least in Amsterdam – the Republicans were winning. It was an exceptionally opportune moment to commission a monumental ceiling painting on Amsterdam’s independent position for the ‘Sael’ of his mayor’s residence. De Graeff had a clear message in mind for the ceiling painting: the ‘Ware Vrijheid’ of the Republic was only protected by the Republican regents of Amsterdam. The paintings by Gerard de Lairesse glorify the de Graeff family’s role as the protector of the Republican state, defender of ‘Freedom’. The work of art can be viewed as a visual statement opposing the return of House of Orange as Stadtholders of the republic.
In Rampjaar 1672, when the Organists took power again, the De Graeffs lost their position as one of the key States party families. In 1677, Andries de Graeff's only son, Cornelis, became a knight of the Holy Roman Empire. They traced their descent from Wolfgang von Graben, member of the Austrian noble House of Graben von Stein, which was an apparent (or illegitimate) branch of the House of Meinhardin.
The family's role as patrons of the arts.
A big accomplishment of the De Graeff were in the sponsorship of art and architecture. The De Graeffs were responsible for the majority of Amsterdam art during their reign in the Dutch Golden Age. Andries de Graeff, the first patron of the arts in the family, aided Rembrandt and, together with his brother Cornelis de Graeff, commissioned Govert Flinck, Artus Quellinus and Jacob Jordaens for the construction of the city hall on the Dam in 1655. Andries de Graeffs notable artistic associates were Rembrandt, Gerard ter Borch, Flinck, and Jan Lievens. Andries brother Cornelis continued in the family tradition of patronizing artists. He would chiefly commission works from Jacob van Ruisdael, Nicolaes Eliaszoon Pickenoy, Quellinus, Flinck and Caspar Netscher. They were well known to have been the patrons of the poets Joost van den Vondel, Jan Vos, Caspar Barlaeus und Gerard Brandt.
In 1660 Andries and his brother Cornelis de Graeff organized the Dutch Gift. That Gift was a collection of 28 mostly Italian Renaissance paintings and 12 classical sculptures, which was presented to King Charles II of England by the States-General of the Netherlands in 1660. The collection was given to Charles II to mark his return to power in the English Restoration. The De Graeffs thought that can intended to strengthen diplomatic relations between England and the Republic, but only a few years after the gift the two nations would be at war again in the Second Anglo-Dutch War of 1665–67.
Cornelis son Pieter de Graeff for example was also a man who surrounded himself with art and beauty. He was an art collector and patron to the artists Ter Borch, Lievens, Karel Dujardin, Romeyn de Hooghe, Netscher and the poet Van den Vondel. Prof. C.W. Fock of the University of Leiden describes in her work - "Het stempel van de bewoner" - Pieter de Graeffs art-collection and lifestyle.
Family members.
other members:

</doc>
<doc id="20900515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900515" title="Daniel Robert">
Daniel Robert

Daniel Robert is an American set decorator. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Interiors".

</doc>
<doc id="20900520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900520" title="Vošce">
Vošce

Vošce is a small settlement northwest of Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in Central Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900524" title="Fabio Mercurio">
Fabio Mercurio

Fabio Mercurio (born 26 September 1966) is an Italian mathematician, internationally known for a number of results in mathematical finance.
Main results.
Mercurio worked during his Ph.D. on incomplete markets theory using dynamic mean-variance hedging techniques. With Damiano Brigo (2002–2003), he has shown how to construct stochastic differential equations consistent with mixture models, applying this to volatility smile modeling in the context of local volatility models. He is also one of the main authors in inflation modeling. Mercurio has also authored several publications in top journals and co-authored the book "Interest rate models: theory and practice" for Springer-Verlag, that quickly became an international reference for stochastic dynamic interest rate modeling.
Affiliations.
Currently Mercurio is a senior researcher at Bloomberg L.P., New York City. He holds a Ph.D. in mathematical finance from the Erasmus University in Rotterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="20900526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900526" title="Don Henry">
Don Henry

Don Henry is the Chief Executive Officer of the Australian Conservation Foundation (ACF). Henry has led ACF since 1998, helping it to become a strong advocate for the environment by promoting solutions through research, consultation, education, partnerships and advocacy. In 2008, Henry won the "Equity Trustees Not For Profit CEO of the Year" award. In 1991 Henry was awarded a Global 500 Environment Award from the United Nations Environment Program in recognition of outstanding practical achievements in the protection of the environment. In 2013, he won the United Nations Association of Australia Prime Minister's Environmentalist of the Year Award, recognising his work advocating for a strong Murray-Darling Basin Plan and working to establish the Tasmanian Forest Agreement with industry, government, unions and environment groups. 

</doc>
<doc id="20900528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900528" title="Kenta Tanno">
Kenta Tanno

Club career statistics.
Updated 27 January 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20900534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900534" title="Vranke">
Vranke

Vranke () is a small settlement east of Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in Central Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900537" title="Haralamb Zincă">
Haralamb Zincă

Hary Isac Zilberman a.k.a. Haralamb Zincă (born 4 July 1923 in Roman - died 24 December 2008 in Bucharest ) was a Romanian writer.

</doc>
<doc id="20900543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900543" title="Paul Bohannan">
Paul Bohannan

Paul James Bohannan (5 March 1920 – 13 July 2007) was an American anthropologist known for his research on the Tiv people of Nigeria, spheres of exchange and divorce in the United States.
Early life and education.
Bohannan was born in Lincoln, Nebraska, to Hillory Bohannan and Hazel Truex Bohannan. During the dust bowl his family moved to Benson, Arizona. World War II interrupted his college education, and he served in the U.S. Army Quartermaster Corps from 1941 to 1945 reaching the rank of Captain. In 1947 he graduated Phi Beta Kappa with his bachelor's degree in German from the University of Arizona. He attended Queen's College at Oxford thereafter as a Rhodes scholar, receiving a Bachelor of Science in 1949 and his doctor of philosophy degree in 1951, both in anthropology.
Academic career.
Bohannan remained in England and was a lecturer in social anthropology at Oxford University until 1956 when he returned to the States taking up an assistant professorship in anthropology at Princeton University. In 1959, Bohannan left Princeton for a full professorship at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois. From 1975 to 1982 he taught at the University of California, Santa Barbara. In 1982 he became dean of the social science and communications department at the University of Southern California (U.S.C.). He retired from full-time teaching in 1987, but remained at U.S.C. as professor emeritus until his death.
From 1962 to 1964 Bohannan was a director on the Social Science Research Council. He was a director of American Ethnological Society from 1963 to 1966. Bohannan was president of the African Studies Association in 1964. In 1979-1980, he was president of the American Anthropological Association.
Personal life.
Bohannan married Laura Marie Smith, an anthropologist with whom he collaborated on "Tiv Economy", on 15 May 1943. They had one son, Denis, and were divorced in 1975. Bohannan remained married to his second wife, Adelyse D'Arcy, from 1981 until his death on 13 July 2007. He was a connoisseur of Scotch whisky and a ballet enthusiast.

</doc>
<doc id="20900547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900547" title="Agrafa (municipality)">
Agrafa (municipality)

Agrafa () is a village and a municipality in Evrytania, Central Greece. Its administrative center is the village Kerasochori. It is named after the wide mountainous region of Agrafa, of which it occupies only the SW part.
It consists merely of villages and hamlets spread on the mountain slopes around the river Agrafiotis. Likewise the rest of Agrafa area, they are famous for their complete autonomy throughout the four centuries of Ottoman occupation of Greece, being home to many bands of fighters against the Ottoman rule; most notably of Antonis Katsantonis who is considered as the local hero.
Despite their natural beauty, the villages are still virgin from touristic exploitation. There are some basic facilities in the bigger villages - family-run hostels and taverns.
Municipality.
The municipality Agrafa was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 5 former municipalities, that became municipal units (constituent communities in brackets):

</doc>
<doc id="20900550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900550" title="Masato Kurogi">
Masato Kurogi

Club career stats.
Last update: "27 January 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="20900556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900556" title="Vrba, Lukovica">
Vrba, Lukovica

Vrba () is a small village in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900565" title="Kento Shiratani">
Kento Shiratani


</doc>
<doc id="20900566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900566" title="Vrh nad Krašnjo">
Vrh nad Krašnjo

Vrh nad Krašnjo is a small settlement on a hill above Krašnja in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Vrh" to "Vrh nad Krašnjo" in 1955. 

</doc>
<doc id="20900567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900567" title="Philip Rosenberg">
Philip Rosenberg

Philip Rosenberg (born 15 January 1935) is an American production designer and art director. He has won an Academy Award and was nominated for another in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Rosenberg has won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and has been nominated for another:

</doc>
<doc id="20900582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900582" title="Tatsuya Yamashita">
Tatsuya Yamashita

Club career stats.
Last update: "27 January 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="20900583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900583" title="Vrhovlje, Lukovica">
Vrhovlje, Lukovica

Vrhovlje is a small village above Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900589" title="2009 in Scotland">
2009 in Scotland


</doc>
<doc id="20900593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900593" title="11th parallel south">
11th parallel south

The 11th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 11 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 11° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20900596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900596" title="Vellakulam">
Vellakulam

Vellakulam is a village located in the Tirunelveli District of South Tamil Nadu, India.<br>
The village is located 20–25 km from Kovilpatti and Sankarankovil.
This village is primarily dependent on agriculture, farmers are the core of the village.
Vellakulam is a village Panchayat, its jurisdiction includes the following villages:
Chennai well renowned The billroth hospital's Founder Dr.V.JAGANATHAN's father born here.

</doc>
<doc id="20900599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900599" title="Edward Stewart (set decorator)">
Edward Stewart (set decorator)

Edward Stewart was an American set decorator. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for another in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Stewart won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and was nominated for another:

</doc>
<doc id="20900606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900606" title="Saleem (film)">
Saleem (film)

Saleem is a 2009 Telugu film directed by YVS Chowdary (of Devdas fame). Graphics are the main attraction of the movie. Vishnu has done dangerous stunt in a scene, where a Corporate Private Jet flew above him in a very minute distance. This was probably one of the risky stunts made by south Asian actors. The film was released on 11 December 2009. The film stars Manchu Vishnu Vardhan Babu and Ileana D'Cruz. The film met with negative reviews from critics and was declared a flop at the box office. Movie was Later Dubbed in Hindi Under the Title The Fighterman Saleem
Story.
The movie starts with Saleem (Vishnu Manchu) beating up baddies in a village to save his love interest Priya (Ileana).
A big flashback is there for him, He is the world's most wanted gangster. He is wanted in Mexico, Switzerland and Miami. In all these places he is big gangster. Why he went after Ileana makes up the rest of the story. Mohan Babu played an important role in this film.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack has music composed by Sandeep Chowtha, with lyrics by Chandrabose. The music was released on 11 November 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20900607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900607" title="Azra Jafari">
Azra Jafari

Azra Jafari () was appointed as the first female mayor in Afghanistan by President Hamid Karzai in December 2008. She became the mayor of Nili, a town in Daykundi Province of Afghanistan. Jafari is also a writer, she had published two books so far. She belongs to the minority Hazara ethnic group.
Personal life.
Jafari completed her education in Iran while living there as a refugee. After the removal of the Taliban in late 2001 and the establishment of the new western-backed Karzai administration, she returned and participated in the "Emergency Loya Jirga" in Kabul. She has one daughter who was born in 2005.
Career.
Jafari was Editor-in-Chief of Afghan social and cultural magazine "Farhang" in 1998. Later, she established an elementary school for Afghan refugees in Iran while she was working as Officer In Charge in Refugees' Cultural Center. In 2001, Jafari joined Emergency Loya Jirga in Kabul. In December 2008, she was appointed as the first and only female mayor in Afghanistan. She was appointed as the mayor of Nili town
Publications.
Jafari is a writer as well she has written two book since she has been back to Afghanistan. She contributed in the first book "The Making of the New Constitution of Afghanistan" which is about political system and processes in Afghanistan and was published in 2003. The second which talks about employment law and the rights of Afghan women in labour market is entitled "I am a Working Woman". She is the sole author of the book, which was published in 2008.
Awards.
Jafari has been awarded the Meeto Memorial Award at the Pakistan National Council of the Arts for her work and commitment to social development.

</doc>
<doc id="20900619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900619" title="2003 Hamburg Masters – Singles">
2003 Hamburg Masters – Singles

Roger Federer was the defending champion but lost in the third round to Mark Philippoussis.
Guillermo Coria won in the final 6–3, 6–4, 6–4 against Agustín Calleri.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20900632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900632" title="Pedro Tenorio">
Pedro Tenorio

Pedro "Teno" Pangelinan Tenorio (born April 18, 1934) is a politician who was the second and fifth elected Governor of the United States Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.
Biography.
Tenorio was born on Saipan. He graduated from George Washington High School in Guam and attended the University of Guam. He has worked as a schoolteacher, a shipping executive, and a supervisor for a Naval technical and training unit. He first served in the House of Representatives of the Congress of Micronesia and subsequently became a member of the Marianas District Legislature. In 1978, when the Northern Mariana Islands became a U.S. commonwealth (CNMI), he was elected vice president of the Northern Mariana Islands Senate in the first commonwealth legislature and chairman of the Programs Committee. He was elected president of the senate in 1980. Sworn in as governor in 1982, he was reelected for a second term in 1985. He was elected Governor again in November 1997 and was inaugurated on January 12, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20900634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900634" title="Olivier Alain">
Olivier Alain

Olivier Alain (August 3, 1918 – February 28, 1994) was a French organist, pianist, musicologist and composer.
Life.
Olivier Alain was born in Saint-Germain-en-Laye, near Paris, into a musical family. His father was the organist and composer Albert Alain (1880–1971), as well as his elder brother Jehan Alain (1911–1940), and his sister, French organist Marie-Claire Alain (1926–2013). Olivier studied at the Paris Conservatory, where he received first prizes in composition (1951, class of Tony Aubin) and musical analysis (1950, class of Olivier Messiaen). 
In 1950, he became director of the conservatory in Saint-Germain-en-Laye, where he worked until 1964. From 1960-1974, he served as director of the École César Franck in Paris, and in 1976 founded the Conservatoire National de Région in Paris, whose director he was until 1985, and where he taught classes in musical analysis and chamber music. His notable students include composers Alain Gagnon.
Olivier Alain's catalog of musical compositions contains almost 170 compositions of various genres, most of which are still unpublished. He also published a book on harmony (Paris, 1965) and a monograph on Johann Sebastian Bach (Paris, 1970). His comprehensive chronology and analysis of the life and complete works of J. S. Bach is still unpublished. His discovery of the 14 Canons on the first 8 fundamental notes of the aria from the Goldberg Variations (BWV 1087) in Strasbourg in 1974 is often regarded as one of the greatest Bach-source finds of the 20th century.
Olivier Alain died in 1994 in Paris, France.

</doc>
<doc id="20900642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900642" title="Robert Drumheller">
Robert Drumheller

Robert Drumheller was an American set decorator. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Wiz".

</doc>
<doc id="20900653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900653" title="Pink Champagne">
Pink Champagne

Pink Champagne (first named Kasern 9) was a Swedish feminist punk band in the 1980s. It consisted of four women, Stina Berge (drums), Ann Carlberger (vocals), Karin Jansson (guitar ) and Gunilla Welin (bass). Kajsa Grytt was briefly a member. They released two full-length albums, "Vackra pojke!" ("Beautiful Boy!", 1981) and "Kärlek eller ingenting" ("Love or Nothing", 1983), before breaking up in 1984.
Karin Jansson and Ann Carlberger went to Australia in 1987. Karin dated and became the domestic partner of Steve Kilbey of The Church and co-wrote their hit song Under the Milky Way. Karin became mother to two daughters by Kilbey, and formed the band Curious (Yellow) on Red Eye Records. Karin wrote the melody for the song "Youth Worshipper" which appears on The Church's "Heyday" album. 
Ann was with Marty Willson-Piper, the guitarist of The Church. 
Stina Berge started writing children books and released a solo album in 2008. Kajsa Grytt became a leading member of Tant Strul.
The albums were released under the MNW label.

</doc>
<doc id="20900662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900662" title="Christ Church, Weston Point">
Christ Church, Weston Point

Christ Church, Weston Point, a former parish church, is a redundant church in Weston Point, Runcorn, Cheshire, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
History.
From 1720 improvements were made to the River Weaver to make it more navigable for transport from the salt mines in the Winsford area of Cheshire to the River Mersey, creating the Weaver Navigation. In 1839 the Weaver Navigation Trustees received a petition from its employees to allow them "the privilege of resting on the Sabbath day" and to "have an opportunity of attending Divine Service". Previous Acts of Parliament had already prohibited bargemen from having to work on Sundays. On 12 August 1839 the Trustees passed a by-law forbidding traffic on the Navigation between midnight on Saturday and midnight on Sunday. On 4 August 1840 a Weaver Navigation Act was passed to authorise the Trustees to use part of their funds to build one or more churches for their employees. Christ Church, Weston Point, was one of these churches, the others being Holy Trinity, Northwich, and Christ Church, Winsford. The architect gaining the commission for all three churches was Edmund Sharpe of Lancaster.
The foundation stone of Christ Church was laid by Sir Richard Brooke of Norton Priory, and the church was consecrated on 21 December 1841 by Rt Rev John Bird Sumner, Bishop of Chester. It provided seating for about 400 people. The stone from a nearby quarry was given by its owner John Tomkinson. The spire of the church was rebuilt in 1898 following a fire.
When it was built, the church stood on a headland jutting out into the River Mersey. However the Manchester Ship Canal was built on its river-side, and the Runcorn and Weston Canal on the land-side, leaving it on an island. At this time it was said to be the only church in Britain in use on an uninhabited island. On 1 June 1995 it was declared redundant, and on 10 June 2004 it was granted provision to be used as an office, for storage and as a monument. In 2002 the interior of the church was vandalised by thieves, and all the fittings were taken. The building now stands within the Port of Weston and is inaccessible to the public. As of 2011 the land on which the church stands is owned by the Stobart Group of companies.
Architecture.
The church is built in local sandstone. It is in Geometric Gothic style. The plan of the church is cruciform, consisting of a four-bay nave, a single-bay chancel, north and south single-bay transepts, a small southwest porch, and a tower with a broach spire at the west end. The tower is in three stages and rises to a height of . It is supported by angle gabled buttresses. The stages are divided by string courses. The bottom stage contains blocked trefoils on the north and south sides, a pair of single-light windows on the west, and a doorway on the north side. In the middle stage is a trefoil window on the south side, and single-light windows on the north and south sides. The top stage contains two-light bell openings on each side, with an inserted clock on the south side. The spire is octagonal, contains three tiers of gabled lucarnes, and is surmounted by a finial and a cross. At the east end of the church is a three-light window containing tracery, and each bay of the nave contains a double lancet window. The transepts have two-light windows on their east and west sides and, in the gables, a three-light window with a trefoil window above. At the base of the tower is a small vestry. There are stone crosses on the north and south ends of the roof; originally there was a cross on the east end, but this is no longer present. The church is floored with Yorkshire stone that was carried to the site of the church via the Leeds and Liverpool Canal. The bell, cast by Thomas Mears of the Whitechapel Bell Foundry, was installed in 1842. The church stands in a rectangular plot of land, surrounded by spiked wrought iron railings. On the south side is a pair of gates.

</doc>
<doc id="20900678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900678" title="Kazuki Kuranuki">
Kazuki Kuranuki


</doc>
<doc id="20900687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900687" title="Gary J. Brink">
Gary J. Brink

Gary J. Brink is an American set decorator. He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "All That Jazz".

</doc>
<doc id="20900707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900707" title="Koji Onishi">
Koji Onishi


</doc>
<doc id="20900708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900708" title="Lisa Zeno Churgin">
Lisa Zeno Churgin

Lisa Rachel Zeno Churgin (born January 20, 1955) is an American film editor with more than 25 film credits; she was nominated for the Academy Award for Film Editing for the 1999 film "The Cider House Rules" (directed by Lasse Hallström). Since 2002, Churgin has also served as the president of the Motion Picture Editors Guild. Churgin's editing of "House of Sand and Fog" (directed by Vadim Perelman-2003) was nominated for the Satellite Award for Best Editing.
Churgin has been elected to membership in the American Cinema Editors.

</doc>
<doc id="20900712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900712" title="Mount Kelly">
Mount Kelly

Mount Kelly is a mountain with an elevation of that is the tallest peak in the Scabby Range and is situated on the border of the Australian Capital Territory and New South Wales, Australia. The summit of the mountain is located within the ACT. The nearest town to the mountain is , approximately to the south.
The ACT portion of the mountain is located within Namadgi National Park and the NSW side within the Scabby Nature Reserve and Kosciuszko National Park. The Scabby Range includes Mount Scabby, at , which forms part of the catchment area for the Cotter River. The area surrounding Mount Kelly is a wilderness area which was severely affected by the Canberra bushfires of 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20900716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900716" title="George Belcher Murray">
George Belcher Murray

George Belcher Murray (December 25, 1895 – December 7, 1941) was a political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cape Breton North in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1937 to 1941 as a Liberal member.
He was born in North Sydney, Nova Scotia, the son of George Henry Murray and Grace E. Moore, and was educated at King's College. Murray married Katherine Horan-Fulger. During World War I, he served as a captain in the Canadian Army and was awarded the Military Cross. During World War II, Murray served with the Veterans' Home Guard. He died at Burnside Magazine near Dartmouth, Nova Scotia at the age of 45.

</doc>
<doc id="20900722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900722" title="Caernarvon Boroughs by-election, 1890">
Caernarvon Boroughs by-election, 1890

The Caernarvon Boroughs by-election, 1890 was a parliamentary by-election held on 10 April 1890 for the British House of Commons constituency of Caernarvon Boroughs.
Previous MP.
The seat had become vacant when the previous Conservative Member of Parliament (MP), Edmund Swetenham died. Swetenham (1822 – 19 March 1890) was a barrister, who had contested the seat in 1885 and been elected its MP in 1886.
Candidates.
Two candidates were nominated. The list below is set out in descending order of the number of votes received at the by-election.
1. The Liberal Party candidate, David Lloyd George (17 January 1863 – 26 March 1945) was a local solicitor from Criccieth (one of the six boroughs in the district). In 1890 he was an ambitious young man, whose political and legal work had made him well known in all parts of the constituency. He had become an Alderman of Caernarvonshire County Council, when it was established in 1889.
Subsequent to the by-election Lloyd George had a long and distinguished political career. He served in many high offices, notably as Chancellor of the Exchequer 1908-1915 and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 1916-1922. He led the Liberal Party, after the retirement of Herbert Asquith, 1st Earl of Oxford and Asquith, from 1926 to 1931. Lloyd George continued to represent the Boroughs from 1890 until he was elevated to the peerage as the 1st Earl Lloyd George of Dwyfor in January 1945.
2. Representing the Conservative Party was a local landowner, the squire of Llanystumdwy, Ellis Nanney. He was a popular figure locally, but his health was poor and he was a reluctant candidate. Nanney had previously contested the county seats of Caernarvonshire in 1880 and Eifion in 1885. After the by-election he contested Caernarvon Boroughs again in the 1895 general election.
Constituency and Campaign.
The constituency was a district of six boroughs, located in different parts of the county of Caernarvonshire, in north west Wales.
The area had a reputation, since 1832, as a middle of the road constituency. It was not known as a particularly radical seat. However, since the extension of the franchise in 1885, most parts of Wales had become more supportive of the Liberal Party. Liberal support tended to be associated with religious nonconformity and the Conservative voters were more likely to be Anglican in religion.
Lloyd George had a strong political appeal to his fellow nonconformists. He had become well known by taking up high profile legal actions, addressing nonconformist grievances. By the standards of the era, David Lloyd George was a Welsh nationalist. Lloyd George hoped to use the national issue to appeal beyond his nonconformist base. However this issue was more popular in South Wales than in the north. The North Wales Liberal Federation was hesitant over Home Rule for Wales. Tom Ellis thought Lloyd George's support for it reduced his majority at the by-election.
In January 1889, the local Liberal Association selected Lloyd George as their prospective Parliamentary candidate. His rival for the selection, Arthur Humphreys-Owen, had called Lloyd George "a second rate country attorney". The MP for the Caernarvonshire county division of Arfon (William Rathbone) thought that Lloyd George's nomination would lead to the loss of the seat.
When the by-election was called the Conservative Party had difficulty finding a candidate. A number of possible local nominees (including the eventual candidate Ellis Nanney) declined the chance to contest the seat. It seemed that an outside barrister would be selected, but this possibility came to nothing, as the local Tories would not promise support in the following general election. Eventually Nanney was persuaded to contest the seat.
Lloyd George secured funding of about £250, for the by-election, from a local Methodist. 
Lloyd George issued an election address, on 24 March 1890, in which he supported the standard Gladstonian position on Irish Home Rule but devoted more space to Welsh grievances.
As a campaign tactic, Conservative speakers contrasted the local focus of Nanney, with the scale of Lloyd George's talents and national interests. A contrast was drawn between the wealthy Tory landowner and the Liberal from a lower social strata.
Lloyd George, demonstrating his considerable oratorical skills, ridiculed the Conservative arguments. He pointed out that politics had moved on since the 17th century, so it was no longer sufficient for an MP just to be wealthy. In a long remembered phrase, the Liberal candidate referred to the age of the cottage bred candidate.
Lloyd George toured the constituency non-stop, speaking in a different part of it each night.
The three smallest boroughs (Criccieth, Nevin and Pwllheli) were the most agricultural and strongly Liberal parts of the seat. In a close election, this support was to prove decisive for the Criccieth based candidate - Lloyd George. The Anglican cathedral city of Bangor was the most strongly Conservative part of the seat. Caernarvon itself and Conway were more doubtful and evenly divided towns.
The election count was tense, as it was soon apparent that the result would be close. At first, it seemed Nanney would be elected, but it was found that a parcel of Liberal votes had been put in the wrong pile. Eventually David Lloyd George was declared elected by a margin of 18 votes.
Votes.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="20900729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900729" title="Darrell Hamamoto">
Darrell Hamamoto

Darrell Hamamoto is a Professor of Asian American Studies at the University of California, Davis who is best known for his views on the desexualization of Asian American males in the media.
Education.
Dr. Hamamoto received his education at CSU Long Beach, Bowling Green State University and UC Irvine.
Influential works.
Professor Hamamoto created a 50-minute pornographic film named "Skin on Skin", which starred Asian American actors and actresses and addresses the desexualization of Asian American males. Dr. Hamamoto created another piece called "Yellowcaust: A Patriot Act", which includes clips from "Skin on Skin" and information regarding atrocities committed against Asian Americans in the U.S.'s history. His work has generated controversy for producing porn movies as research 
Dr. Hamamoto was featured in both The Daily Show and "Masters of the Pillow", which is a documentary about "Skin on Skin".

</doc>
<doc id="20900737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900737" title="Eva-Maria Westbroek">
Eva-Maria Westbroek

Eva-Maria Westbroek (born 26 April 1970, Belfast) is a Dutch soprano. She is one of three daughters of the geology researcher and professor Peter Westbroek. 
Westbroek studied at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague from 1988 to 1995. Her vocal teachers included Iris Adami Corradetti and the American tenor James McCray. She made her operatic debut at the Aldeburgh Festival in 1994 as Mère Marie in Poulenc's "Dialogues des Carmélites". She was a prize winner at an international competition in Rome, which allowed her to sing the role of Tosca at age 25. She also was a laureate at the Angelica Catalani Concours and the Santa Maria Ligure Concours. A subsequent slow spell in her career followed, during which time her mother died. Westbroek also worked as a singing waitress during that period. 
In 2001, Westbroek secured a 5-year contract as a company member of the Staatsoper Stuttgart. Her roles in Stuttgart included Carlotta (Schreker, "Die Gezeichneten"), Tosca, Emilia Marty (Janáček, "Věc Makropulos", Desdemona (Verdi, "Otello"), Donna Anna (Mozart, "Don Giovanni"), Giulietta (Offenbach, "Les Contes d'Hoffmann"), Marie (Smetana, "The Bartered Bride") and The Duchess of Parma (Busoni, "Doktor Faust"). In 2006, at the end of her work in Stuttgart, she was given the title of "Kammersängerin der Staatsoper Stuttgart".
In 2003, Westbroek debuted at the Salzburger Festspiele as Agave in a concert performance of Egon Wellesz' "Die Bakchantinnen". In 2004, she debuted at the Opéra Bastille as Madame Lidoine in Poulenc's "Dialogues des Carmélites". Her debut at De Nederlandse Opera was as Katerina Izmailova in Shostakovich's "Lady Macbeth of Mtsensk". This performance was commercially recorded for DVD release, and Westbroek won first prize from the Dutch VSCD Classical Music in the category "most impressive individual artistic achievement" for this performance. She repeated this role in her debut at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden in London in October 2006. In 2008, she won the "Grand Prix Antoine Livio" of the "Presse Musicale Internationale".
In her first world premiere production, Westbroek created the role of Anna Nicole Smith in the February 2011 Royal Opera premiere of Mark-Anthony Turnage's opera "Anna Nicole" at Covent Garden.
Westbroek made her Metropolitan Opera debut on April 22, 2011 singing the role of Sieglinde in the premiere of a new production of Wagner's "Die Walküre" directed by Robert Lepage. Unfortunately, she had to withdraw mid-performance after the first act due to illness. Mezzo-soprano Margaret Jane Wray stepped in to complete the evening's performance. Ms. Westbroek finally sang the entire opera the following week on April 25, 2011.
Westbroek's commercial recordings include Bohuslav Martinů's "Julietta", in the title role, for VMS Music Treasures, and two recorded productions of Wagner's "Die Walküre" as Sieglinde, on DVD and on CD. She is also featured in a DVD recording (Opus Arte) of Puccini's "La fanciulla del West" as Minnie, her own acknowledged favourite role.
Westbroek is married to tenor Frank van Aken. She does charity work for the organisation Musicians Without Borders.

</doc>
<doc id="20900744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900744" title="Michael Seymour (production designer)">
Michael Seymour (production designer)

Michael Seymour is a British production designer. He won a BAFTA and was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for work on the film "Alien".

</doc>
<doc id="20900769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900769" title="Elsa Pooley">
Elsa Pooley

Elsa Pooley (born Elsa Susanna Bond, 1947 Johannesburg), is a South African botanist, landscaper, tour guide, and artist. 
She lived in and explored the game reserves Ndumu and Mkuzi for about 20 years, where she became inspired by the flora of the region. She collected plants, painted them, wrote about them, and gardened with them. Her work has been exhibited throughout South Africa which has led to commissions, both local and abroad. Her paintings have appeared in the series Flowering Plants of Africa and her limited edition portfolio 'Palms of Africa' (1988) has been sold worldwide. She was commissioned to do paintings for the Blue Train in 1999. 
Pooley has lived at Clansthal on the KwaZulu-Natal South Coast since 1984, and spends her time painting, writing and conducting painting tours of KwaZulu-Natal and Lesotho. She is a founder member of BAASA, the Botanical Artists' Association of Southern Africa.
Elsa Pooley was married to Tony Pooley (1938-2004), a game ranger and renowned authority on crocodiles. She had three sons from the marriage - Simon, Justin and Thomas.

</doc>
<doc id="20900785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900785" title="Ian Whittaker">
Ian Whittaker

Ian Whittaker is an American set decorator. He has won an Academy Award and has been nominated three more times in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Whittaker has won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and has been nominated for three more:

</doc>
<doc id="20900788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900788" title="Scott Neville">
Scott Neville

Scott Neville (born 11 January 1989) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays for A-League club the Newcastle Jets.
Personal life.
Scott Neville is the son of former English Football League pro, Steve Neville. Steve Neville was playing for Exeter City at the time when Scott was born.
Career.
He made his senior debut for Perth Glory as a substitute on 31 December 2008 against Central Coast Mariners.
He then made a starting debut against Melbourne Victory the next week and was named man of the match by coach Dave Mitchell.
On 31 March 2011 it was announced that Scott Neville had been handed a two-week trial by Championship club Portsmouth. On 2 April 2010, Neville had an unsuccessful trial with Portsmouth. Immediately after he took part in a trial at Sheffield Wednesday.
On 7 May 2012 it was announced he had signed a two-year contract with A-League club Newcastle Jets.

</doc>
<doc id="20900796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900796" title="Simon Joyce">
Simon Joyce

Simon Joyce (September 13, 1848 – October 1, 1922) was a farmer, sailor, ship owner and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Richmond County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1894 to 1906 and from 1911 to 1916 as a Liberal member.
He was born in D'Escousse, Nova Scotia, the son of Simon Joyce and Margaret Langlois. Joyce married Harriet Boudret. He taught school for a time. He was named a member of the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia in 1921 and served until his death in Halifax at the age of 74.

</doc>
<doc id="20900806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900806" title="Muriel (given name)">
Muriel (given name)

Muriel is a feminine given name in the English language.
Etymology.
The name is derived from a Celtic language name composed of word elements meaning "sea" and "bright". Forms of "Muriel" are found in the Breton, Irish, and Scottish Gaelic languages. In the form "Merial", the name was very common in mediaeval England. "Muriel" was mainly used in Scotland at first, although the name became popular outside the country in the early 20th century.
A Scottish Gaelic form of the name is "Muireall"; and Irish form of the name is "Muirgheal".
Popularity.
The name's modern usage in the English speaking world dates from the mid-19th century being initiated or augmented by its appearance in Dinah Craik's 1856 novel "John Halifax, Gentleman" in which the title character's daughter is named "Muriel"; born in 1802 Muriel is said to be named "after the rather peculiar name of John's mother."
Usage of "Muriel" peaked in the early 1920s and has subsequently declined.

</doc>
<doc id="20900824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900824" title="Puthoorkonam">
Puthoorkonam

Puthoorkonam is 1 km from Vattiyoorkavu in the Vattiyoorkavu-Peroorkada route, in Kerala, India. Puthoorkonam is famous for the Devi Temple. A beautiful place surrounded by trees and plantain.
Events.
"Kumbhabarani"- annual festival of the temple is really a wonderful experience for the people of the place. The festival is conducted for 5 days.
Politics.
PURA- Puthoorkonam Residential Association is the organisation of the families of Puthoorkonam.
Association has their own building. A great work of improvement for the locality has been done by this association. 

</doc>
<doc id="20900828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900828" title="Frank Nelson">
Frank Nelson

Frank Nelson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20900833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900833" title="Valentinus Smalcius">
Valentinus Smalcius

Valentinus Smalcius ( or "Schmaltz"; ) (Gotha, 1572 – Raków, Kielce county 1622) was a German Socinian theologian. He is known for his German translation of the Racovian Catechism, and Racovian New Testament (1606) translated from Greek into Polish. A migrant to Poland, he became largely Polonised towards the end of his life.
Schmalz was converted by Andrzej Wojdowski while at Strassburg University around 1592, and emigrated to Poland on graduation, after which he taught at Smigiel, Lublin, and t. Stanislaw Kot records that Schmalz became "a noteworthy example of the assimilative power of Raków". Like many of the emigrant Germans, French and Italians who came to Poland he married a Pole and brought up his children as Poles. Schmalz became so thorough Polonised that in addition to the Polish New Testament he composed Polish hymns, and kept his personal diary in Polish.
He was a preacher of the Polish Brethren at Raków, Kielce County. The origins of the Racovian Catechism are not quite clear. A traditional view is that Smalcius put it together, perhaps with collaborators, from literary remains of Faustus Socinus. Another is that it was developed by Smalcius and Hieronim Moskorzowski (Moscorovius) in 1605; others say Moskorzowski wrote it with Piotr Stoiński Jr. (son of Pierre Statorius) and Johannes Völkel, and Smalcius was the translator into German for publication in 1608. In any case the Catechism was constructed by disciples of Socinus, and Smalcius probably had a leading role.
Moskorzowski exchanged pamphlets with the Jesuit Piotr Skarga, and Smalcius supported him. He later supported Völkel in a long controversy with the Jesuit Martinus Smiglecius. He also attacked the views of the Lutheran Frantzius (Wolfgang Franz).

</doc>
<doc id="20900836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900836" title="2009 New Year Honours">
2009 New Year Honours

The New Year Honours 2009 was announced on 31 December 2008 in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Cook Islands, Barbados, Grenada, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Belize, Antigua and Barbuda, and Saint Christopher and Nevis, to celebrate the year past and mark the beginning of 2009.
The recipients of honours are displayed here as they were styled before their new honour, and arranged by the country whose ministers advised The Queen on the appointments, then by honour, with grades i.e. Knight/Dame Grand Cross, Knight/Dame Commander "etc." and then divisions i.e. Civil, Diplomatic and Military as and where appropriate.
United Kingdom.
Order of the British Empire.
Members of the Order of the British Empire (MBE).
This list is not complete, please help by contributing.

</doc>
<doc id="20900845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900845" title="Joseph A. Bancroft">
Joseph A. Bancroft

Joseph Austin Bancroft (ca 1842 – January 23, 1917) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1894 to 1911 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Paradise, Nova Scotia. He served as registrar of deeds from 1911 to 1917. Bancroft died at Round Hill, Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="20900868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900868" title="Hungarian parliamentary election, 2010">
Hungarian parliamentary election, 2010

A parliamentary election was held in Hungary on 11 and 25 April 2010 to choose MPs for the National Assembly. They were the sixth free elections since the end of communist era. The 386 members of parliament were elected in a combined system of party lists and electoral constituencies.
In the first round of the elections, the conservative party Fidesz won the absolute majority of seats, enough to form a government on its own.
In the second round Fidesz-Christian Democratic People's Party (KDNP) candidates won enough seats to achieve a two-thirds majority required to modify major laws and the country's constitution.
Background.
Fidesz's landslide victory was a result of massive dissatisfaction with and voting in protest against MSZP, the Hungarian Socialist Party, which had been on government since 2002, and it was one event and its consequences especially that provoked resentment: in 2006 Ferenc Gyurcsány, the contemporary Prime Minister of Hungary, delegated by MSZP, made a private speech in front of MSZP party members, in which he, although generally outlining a direction to a new beginning and a moral paradigm change in day-to-day policy making, admitted to having been lying to the general public in different matters through a prolonged time during the campaign running up to the previous election, which had resulted - among others - in his reelection. This speech surfaced in the press in the Autumn of 2006, and resulted in nationwide protests.
Polls.
As polls showed both MDF and SZDSZ would be unlikely to make it into parliament on their own, they have agreed to a limited electoral cooperation. In March 2010, polls also showed that the Hungarian parliament after the election was likely to be completely dominated by Fidesz polling at 53–67% that month, followed by either the ruling Hungarian Socialist Party at 12–22% or newcomer Jobbik (Movement for a Better Hungary) at 11–18%.
Controversies.
Following the EU elections of 2009, trends showed the rise of right-wing parties and particularly the far right. In this vein, the foreign media cited ominous trends concerning the election results. Fidesz Member of Parliament Oszkár Molnár said that: "I love Hungary, I love Hungarians, and I prefer Hungarian interests to global financial capital, or Jewish capital, if you like, which wants to devour the whole world, but especially Hungary." He later said that, it was only a response to a Shimon Peres speech in which Peres said that his country aims to "colonise" Hungary when he spoke of Israel's investments abroad, Peres said that Israel was "buying out Manhattan, Poland, Hungary..." Jobbik leader, Gábor Vona, also stirred up controversy with allegations of chauvinism by saying "Hungary is for Hungarians" and must be defended against "foreign speculators". Molnar also claimed that the language of instruction in Jerusalem schools was Hungarian and they were "learning the language of their future homeland". His party at the time, Fidesz, did not denounce his statement but simply said it was "embarrassing". Adding that he would not even consider ousting Molnar from his party or parliamentary faction, as the remark "did not violate the party's bylaws". However, in 2010 he was excluded from the Fidesz, due to these remarks. Instead of him, a Lebanese-origin doctor, Pierre Daher became the Fidesz candidate. Molnár also claimed that pregnant Roma women deliberately try to induce birth defects so they can give birth to "fools to receive higher family subsidies. I have checked this and it’s true; they hit their bellies with a rubber hammer so that they’ll give birth to handicapped kids." In 2011, he denounced Roma women at the Hungarian police authorities. 
Another Fidesz parliamentarian, Ilona Ékes, wrote to the police to ban a gay pride event in Budapest, saying that homosexuality was a mental illness and demonstrators would scandalise people, as they did in previous years, when homosexual activists imitated sexual intercourse on stage and other activists were allegedly blasphemous. According to Ékes, the demonstrations would harm youngsters, whose school season was to start on the same day.
A Hungarian analyst was cited as saying Fidesz tolerates such provocative rhetoric from its members because of fears they would vote for Jobbik instead.
Foreign interference.
Former Jobbik MEP Krisztina Morvai wrote an open letter to Eleni Tsakopoulos Kounalakis, the United States ambassador, after her controversial visit to the headquarters of the principal three parties other than Jobbik, while not visiting that of Jobbik, on the night of the election. This was answered by Richard Field, an American businessman living in Hungary, who is a large financial supporter of Politics Can Be Different.
Results.
First round.
Miscellaneous data:
Total polling stations: 10 926
Number of voters in the register at closing: 7 972 568
Number of voters included in the register using election certificate on the day of voting: 44 367
Number of voters in the register at the end of voting: 8 016 935
Number of voters in the foreign representations: 8 663
Total number of voters in the register: 8 025 598
Number of those turned out to vote in the domestic polling stations: 5 158 350
Number of statements about voting: 6 656
Total number of those turned out to vote: 5 165 006
Proportion of those turned out to vote: 64.36%
'"Summary of the 11 April 2010 first round National Assembly ("Országgyűlés") elections
!style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:center;"|Number of regional lists
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Individual votes
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Regional votes
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|%
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Total votes
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Single member seats
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Regional list seats
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Total seats
Combined results.
<onlyinclude>
'"Summary of the 25 April 2010 National Assembly ("Országgyűlés") elections
! style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:right;"|Individual votes (1st round)
! style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:right;"|Individual votes (2nd round)
! style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:right;"|Regional votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:right;"|%
! style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:right;"|Total votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:right;"|Fragmentary votes
! style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:right;"|Constituency seats
! style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:right;"|Regional seats
! style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:right;"|National list seats
! style="background:#e9e9e9; text-align:right;"|Total seats
</onlyinclude>
Post-election controversies.
Four Jobbik MPs—Gábor Staudt, Gergő Balla, Zsolt Endrésik and Péter Schön—were removed from their committees because they had failed a vetting procedure that asked whether any MP's maintain contact with groups that engage in "activities that deny the basic principles of a state governed by the rule of law." Staudt, a co-founder of the "Magyar Gárda Society"—that was banned in 2007—had been on the national security committee, while the other three were on the defence and law enforcement committees. Staudt reacted in saying he found the result to be unconstitutional, and that he would file a criminal report with the interior minister against Defence of the Constitution Office director general László Balajti. The four would, however, continue to be MPs.

</doc>
<doc id="20900887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900887" title="Chemin de la Mâture">
Chemin de la Mâture

The Chemin de la Mâture is a path carved into a sheer rock face rising over above the Aspe River valley, in the French Pyrenees mountains. Completed by the engineer Paul-Marie Leroy in 1772, the Chemin de la Mâture (literally "The Mast Road") was originally created to transport timber from the nearby Pacq forest to be used in constructing French naval vessels. The path has since been incorporated into the GR 10, a long-distance footpath running along the Pyrenees from the Atlantic to the Mediterranean.
The Chemin de la Mâture lies near the village of Etsaut, in the department of Pyrénées-Atlantiques. The area is popular for rock climbing.

</doc>
<doc id="20900888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900888" title="12th parallel north">
12th parallel north

The 12th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 12 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Africa, the Indian Ocean, South Asia, Southeast Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Central America, South America and the Atlantic Ocean.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 12 hours, 50 minutes during the summer solstice and 11 hours, 25 minutes during the winter solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 12° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20900895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900895" title="Lansing Service Parts Operation">
Lansing Service Parts Operation

Lansing Service Parts Operation (Lansing SPO) is a General Motors automobile parts warehouse located in Delta Township, Michigan at West Mount Hope Highway and Lansing Road along GTW-operated railway. The 209,638 m² (2,256,525 ft²) was originally constructed in 1959, but was expanded in 1964, 1965, 1969 and 1979.
It is the only General Motors warehouse that specializes in shipping parts in low demand. It had 240 employees as of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20900898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900898" title="Brenton Dodge">
Brenton Dodge

Brenton Haliburton Dodge (March 4, 1847 – December 30, 1910) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented King's County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1894 to 1910 as a Liberal member.
He was the son of Thomas Lewis Dodge and Sarah Harrington. Dodge married the widow Annie M. Lydiard (née Harrington). He served as treasurer for Kings County in 1893 and 1894. Dodge also served as mayor of Kentville. He died in office in Kentville at the age of 63.

</doc>
<doc id="20900918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900918" title="Qerqiz">
Qerqiz

Qerqiz (, also Romanized as Qerqīz) is a village in Kongor Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 316, in 73 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="20900922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900922" title="Inclusion probability">
Inclusion probability

In statistics, in the theory relating to sampling from finite populations, the inclusion probability of an element or member of the population is its probability of becoming part of the sample during the drawing of a single sample.
Each element of the population may have a different probability of being included in the sample. The inclusion probability is also termed the "first-order inclusion probability" to distinguish it from the "second-order inclusion probability", i.e. the probability of including a pair of elements.
Generally, the first-order inclusion probability of the "i"th element of the population is denoted by the symbol π"i" and the second-order inclusion probability that a pair consisting of the "i"th and "j"th element of the population that is sampled is included in a sample during the drawing of a single sample is denoted by π"ij".

</doc>
<doc id="20900928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900928" title="Red Mobile">
Red Mobile

Red Mobile (also red mobile), formerly ümobile and legally as Connectivity Unlimited Resource Enterprise, Inc. (CURE), was a wholly owned subsidiary of Smart Communications, the Philippines' largest mobile telecommunications company. When it was initially launched as ümobile, it used the CURE Universal Mobile Telecommunications System network. At that time, it offered its services through an invitation-based, ad-supported platform, catering to middle and upper-class subscribers between the ages of 15 and 35, devoting its services to that demographic. After re-branding as Red Mobile, both the ad-supported revenue platform and invitation system were scrapped in favor of a more traditional marketing and revenue-generating approach. In March 2010, Red Mobile started promoting its unlimited service offerings. However, subscribers started reporting on online social networks that the CURE UMTS network has since been converted to a GSM network.
History.
CURE was established in 2001 by two companies: PH Communications Holdings Corporation and Francom Holdings, companies both owned by businessman Roberto Ongpin, with Eric Recto as president of the new company. Congress granted the company a twenty-five year franchise to provide telecommunications services in the Philippines on April 24, 2001. However, significant operations did not commence until 2005, when CURE applied for one of the five 3G licenses being offered by the National Telecommunications Commission. It was one of four companies (the other three being Globe Telecom, Sun Cellular and CURE's current parent company, Smart Communications) to have been awarded a 3G license in 2006.
The awarding of a 3G license to CURE by the NTC is considered controversial and was the subject of a request by Juan Ponce Enrile for the Senate to conduct an inquiry in aid of legislation regarding the NTC's judgment in issuing the licenses. Enrile's request cites the incapability of CURE to independently mount a 3G network, as well as violations of its franchise when Smart acquired the company in 2008.
CURE's 3G network went live in December 2006, and the CURE network was opened for public trial through an invitation system. Persons who were selected to try out the CURE network were given a 500-peso phone credit allowance in addition to a free SIM card. At the time, CURE did not see itself as a competitor to the three established telecommunications companies, nor did it target its current demographic: the original demographic of the company was aimed more at corporate customers and individuals who wanted to avail of the new services and capabilities of UMTS. In part due to this original mission, CURE offered unlimited mobile phone browsing during its public trial.
On March 25, 2008, the Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company (PLDT), the parent company of Smart, announced that the latter had acquired CURE's parent companies in a P419.5 million (US$10 million) deal as part of Smart's planned expansion of both its 3G network and services. While the management structure was left untouched, the acquisition enabled Smart to align CURE towards becoming a niche provider in the then-young Philippine 3G market.
CURE rebranded itself as ümobile on May 19, 2008 during the network's public launch at the Rockwell Center in Makati City. While ümobile is distinct from the previously independent CURE, it retained the old invitation system with a free SIM card and a six-month, P100 phone credit allowance.
ümobile invitations were available from June 1 to August 31 and invitations were distributed both at their website and at ümobile-sponsored events in bars and nightclubs around Metro Manila. However, the entire invitation system was shut down on September 1 as part of the integration of CURE's network assets with that of Smart's. This integration resulted in the retirement of the ümobile brand and the eventual transition to Red Mobile.
Red Mobile folded its services on July 2012, when PLDT turned its spectrum over to the NTC as one of the conditions the regulator set for the approval of the PLDT group's acquisition of Sun Cellular. Its spectrum, 3G frequency, and permits used by CURE were bidded out.
Services.
Red Mobile previously focused on providing highly affordable yet high-quality UMTS (3G) services. It challenged other carriers who provide "unlimited" services, by focusing on the negative quality of those "unlimited" services, such as poor signal, congested lines and bad connections. Red Mobile offered a 50-centavo/minute rate for same-network voice calls and video calls, plus a 50-centavo/160 characters rate for same-network messages. Red Mobile also sold the idea of a high-quality nationwide network by limiting their subscribers' access to just the UMTS network, thereby avoiding access to the more congested and lower quality EDGE network.
However, that strategy did not attract a lot of subscribers. While Smart was busy acquiring the wireless business of Piltel, Red Mobile users were allowed access to the GSM/EDGE network to further increase the market potential of Red Mobile (since 3G handsets were not yet that prevalent in the market).
On March 2010, Red Mobile started promoting its unlimited service offerings. It retained the 50-centavo rates. However, subscribers started reporting on online social networks that the CURE UMTS network has since been converted to a GSM network. This caused the loss of video calling capabilities and other 3G-related services.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20900935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900935" title="Centennial (album)">
Centennial (album)

Centennial is an instrumental LP released in 1984 by John Stewart, a former member of the Kingston Trio. This album is produced by Stewart and he also plays all instruments. The album was released on Stewart's own label "Homecoming Records". It is also the first part of his "American Journey" series, the others being "The Last Campaign", "The Trio Years" and "An American Folk Song Anthology".
The album was reissued on CD on the label "Laserlight" in 1991 as "American Sketches". Selection from "Centennial" was also released on the 1984 "Homecoming Records" sampler "The Gathering".
Track listing.
All compositions by John Stewart

</doc>
<doc id="20900938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900938" title="Joseph R. Jennings">
Joseph R. Jennings

Joseph R. Jennings was an American art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "".

</doc>
<doc id="20900976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900976" title="Leon Harris (disambiguation)">
Leon Harris (disambiguation)

Leon Harris (born 1961) is an American journalist and newscaster.
Leon Harris may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20900978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900978" title="Ùr-sgeul">
Ùr-sgeul

Ùr-sgeul is an independent publisher of new Scottish Gaelic prose. The name Ùr-sgeul is a Gaelic word which translates variously as: a romance, a novel or a recent tale.
History.
Ùr-sgeul was founded in 2003 as a project to promote new Gaelic fiction. The project, taken forward by CLÀR, was conceived under the auspices of the Gaelic Books Council and with a start-up grant of £50K from the Scottish Arts Council. In its short history, Ùr-sgeul has been prolific, and has contributed significantly to the recent resurgence of the Gaelic novel. Ùr-sgeul is particularly notable for advancing modern genres and themes in Scottish Gaelic literature, and for the modern look and feel of the design of the novels.
Ùr-sgeul's most critically successful title to date was the epic novel, "An Oidhche Mus Do Sheòl Sinn", by Aonghas Pàdraig Caimbeul. Heavily influenced in both structure and theme by the works of Leo Tolstoy, "An Oidhche Mus Do Sheòl Sinn" was short-listed for the Saltire Book of the Year Award in 2004. Since then, Aonghas Pàdraig Caimbeul has produced three further novels for Ùr-sgeul, and a novella for CLÀR.
In 2008, Ùr-sgeul was featured on the half-hour Gaelic arts program on BBC2, Ealtainn. In 2008, Ùr-sgeul also branched into avant-garde music publishing and released a CD mixing Gaelic prose and modern Gaelic music by the rock band, Na Gathan. That same year, Ùr-sgeul approached Bòrd na Gàidhlig for support to expand its activities, including provision of a full-time editor. The approach was not supported.
In 2009, Ùr-Sgeul published the first ever German-Gaelic fiction publication Der Schadel von Damien Hirst, edited by Michael Klevenhaus, launched at the FilmAlba festival in Bonn, Germany.
Finlay MacLeod was presented with the first ever annual Donald Meek Literary Award in 2010, at a ceremony at the Edinburgh International Book Festival for his Ùr-Sgeul title, Gormshuil an Righ, his first ever Gaelic novel for adults.
In 2011, the novella "Cuid a' Chorra-Ghrithich" by Alasdair Caimbeul was published. A Gaelic commentator provided a throw-away comment in The Scotsman newspaper: "Tha Alasdair a’ Bhocsair a’ creidsinn ann an daoine ’s ann an Leódhas ’s ann an Gàidhlig agus sin, a réir choltais, è.". 
Moral dilemmas, subversion and law breaking constituted the broad themes explored in the 2011 collection, Saorsa (Freedom). 13 new short stories from 13 writers were published, as follows:
Aonghas MacNeacail wrote the introduction for Saorsa.
The Ùr-Sgeul website www.ur-sgeul.com, the German-Gaelic collaboration www.ur-sgeul.de and the digital pages www.ur-sgeul.com/digital/ - featuring audio, video and written materials for learners and native speakers - were axed in July 2011 following a decision by the Gaelic Books Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20900979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900979" title="Cherepanov">
Cherepanov

Cherepanov as a surname may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20900986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20900986" title="Santa Fe impact structure">
Santa Fe impact structure

The Santa Fe impact structure is an eroded remnant of a bolide impact crater in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains northeast of Santa Fe, New Mexico. The discovery was made in 2005 by a geologist who noticed shatter cones in the rocks in a decades-old road cut on New Mexico State Road 475 between Santa Fe and Hyde Memorial State Park. Shatter cones are a definitive indicator that the rocks had been exposed to a shock of pressures only possible in a meteor impact or a nuclear explosion.
It is called an "impact structure" and not a crater because it is so deeply eroded. Current estimates place the age of the impact between 1.4 and 1.6 billion years. Only the crater's basement rocks remain on the surface in the mountains today. The estimated diameter of the structure is currently a subject of study. The shatter cones occur for about 1 mile (1.6 km) along the highway, which is interpreted to coincide with a central area within a crater of greater diameter.

</doc>
<doc id="20901005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901005" title="Richard Hunt (politician)">
Richard Hunt (politician)

Richard Hunt (December 15, 1832 – September 8, 1915) was a farmer, merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Queens County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1890 to 1897 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Westfield, Queens County, Nova Scotia, the son of Ephraim Hunt and Olivia Smith. In 1856, he married Mary Morse. He died in South Brookfield at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="20901009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901009" title="Digitel GSM">
Digitel GSM

Digitel 3G is a mobile phone company in Venezuela, and the country's first to deploy a GSM network and to establish a per second charging scheme. Early in 2007, Digitel surpassed 3 million subscribers and is currently placed third, behind CANTV's Movilnet and Telefonica's Movistar.
Digitel's growth has remained steady. Digitel currently provides wireless data transmission capabilities through its GSM–GPRS and high speed EDGE network. In 2007 Digitel deployed an UMTS network on its existing 900 MHz spectrum..
In 2000, after receiving government approval, Digitel sold 56.56% of its stocks to Telecom Italia Mobile, changing its name to Digitel TIM.
Digitel's network originally only covered Venezuela's central region, reaching around 44% of the entire population; however, on January 2006, a request to the government to approve merger with Venezuela's two other GSM networks (Digicel and Infonet) to achieve full national coverage, and in May 2006 the company was acquired entirely by the Televenco group together with the two other operators, after which the company's name changed to its current: Digitel GSM.
The company began a network expansion program in July 2006, and by the end of the year more than 1,070 radio bases had been installed, 7 switches in Caracas, Valencia, Puerto La Cruz and Maracaibo, stretching its GPRS/EDGE network in the West of the country and offering communication, data, information and entertainment to all its customers.
Early in 2010, Digitel got its 3G/WCDMA (HSDPA, HSUPA, GSM/WCDMA) network working all over the country, becoming the fastest provider despite its slow growth.
Lately in 2013, Digitel got its 4G/LTE (LTE network working in mayor cities such as Caracas, Maracay, Valencia amont others, becoming this way the first operator in Venezuela offering LTE capabilities. The phones sold with 4G uSIM were BlackBerry Z10 and Huawei Ascend P1 LTE, both supporting 1800Mhz network.

</doc>
<doc id="20901024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901024" title="Leon Harris (art director)">
Leon Harris (art director)

Leon Harris was an American art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "".

</doc>
<doc id="20901041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901041" title="Digitel">
Digitel

Digitel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20901076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901076" title="Astarymus">
Astarymus

Astarymus (‘Ashtar-rom, Aserymus) was a king of Tyre and the third of four brothers who held the kingship. The only information available about him comes from Josephus’s citation of the Phoenician author Menander of Ephesus, in "Against Apion" i.18. The entire passage about the four brothers is as follows, as given in Whiston’s translation:
Now four sons of (Abdastartus’s) nurse plotted against him and slew him, the eldest of whom reigned twelve years; after them came Astartus the son of Deleastartus: he lived fifty-four years, and reigned twelve years; after him came his brother Aserymus; he lived fifty-four years, and reigned nine years: he was slain by his brother Pheles, who took the kingdom and reigned but eight months, though he lived fifty years: he was slain by Ithobalus, the priest of Astarte.
The dates given for Astarymus (Aserymus) are according to the work of F. M. Cross and other scholars who take 825 BC as the date of Dido’s flight from her brother Pygmalion, after which she founded the city of Carthage in 814 BC. See the chronological justification for these dates in the Pygmalion of Tyre article. 
In the "Nora Stone" article just cited, F. M. Cross makes the following observation: 
Note that we presume a haplography in Josephan text between ‘Ashtart, the eldest brother of the four usurpers, and Dalay-‘ashtart his successor. In the present corrupt text Dalay-‘ashtart has been made the name of ‘Ashtart’s father: "Astartos ho Delaiastarton". We do not expect the second brother’s patronymic [i.e., the "ho Delaiastarton". None are given for other usurpers or founders of new dynasties in the entire king-list.
Cross therefore presumed that “the son of Deleastartus” in this passage involved a corruption in which the name of the second of the four brothers was assimilated. William Barnes explains about Cross’s analysis: 
His major contribution was the brilliant suggestion that the patronymic "ho Delaiastartou" of "Codex Laurentianus" . . . actually represents a corrupted form of the name of the second brother of the four usurpers . . . Indeed, it seems far more reasonable in my opinion to suggest such textual corruption (with the retention, albeit reinterpreted, of all the original names), than to have to explain why the name and chronological data of the eldest (and presumably most notorious) usurper are not lost, while the second usurper’s name, chronological data, "and patronymic" are extant.
Cross (and Barnes after him) therefore give the following sequence for the four sons of the nurse of Abdastartus:
The first of these four brothers, as given by Cross and Barnes, is not assigned any name in the usual interpretations of the texts, and Astartus is the second in the series. Cross restored Astartus as the first to reign and reconstructed the name of the second brother from what was previously presumed to be the patronymic of Astartus.
Regarding the 20 years assigned to Astartus, Barnes writes, “Cross’s suggested regnal total of 20 years for "Astartos" (the first usurper), while of necessity hypothetical, remains entirely possible given the strong textual support underlying Josephus’ own total of 155 years and eight months for the interval from the accession of Hiram to the founding of Carthage.”

</doc>
<doc id="20901083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901083" title="Kandaghat">
Kandaghat

Kandaghat is a small town on the Kalka-Shimla National Highway No. 22 in the Solan district of Himachal Pradesh, India. The road to the famous tourist destination of Chail turns from Kandaghat which is at a distance of 29 km. The capital of Himachal Pradesh, Shimla (earlier called Simla) is at a distance of 30 km. 

</doc>
<doc id="20901089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901089" title="Quadrennium">
Quadrennium

A quadrennium (pl. quadrennia or quadrenniums) is a period of 4 years, most commonly used in reference to the 4 year period between each Olympic Games. Also used in reference to the 4 year interval between leap years, for example when wishing friends and family a "Happy quadrennium" on February 29.

</doc>
<doc id="20901093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901093" title="Hugh Crain">
Hugh Crain

Hugh Crain is a backstory character from Shirley Jackson's 1959 novel "The Haunting of Hill House".
Novel.
In Shirley Jackon's novel, "The Haunting of Hill House", Hugh Crain built Hill House eighty years ago as a country home for his small family, with the initial desire of seeing his children and grandchildren grow up in comfortable luxury, and where he hoped to spend his last days. Unfortunately, Hugh's first wife died in a horse carriage that was overturned in the mansion's driveway, leaving his two young daughters motherless. Eventually, Hugh remarried, but like Hugh's first wife, she died unexpectedly from a fall within the house—from where or why is never answered in the novel. Hugh remarried once more; his new wife died from consumption shortly before his own death in Europe.
Hugh's two daughters were left to grow up alone in Hill House with a governess while he traveled Europe with his third wife. Eventually, Hugh decided to close Hill House so that he could remain abroad in Europe; because of this, his two daughters were sent to live with their mother's cousin until they were of age.
Hill House always expected the return of Hugh Crain, but he never came back and eventually died in Europe. The house was eventually left to the eldest Crain sister, since the youngest was married off. Refusing to wed, the eldest sister took in a female companion from the neighboring town, Hillsdale−-the house was still not considered haunted at this time since a lot of the residents of Hillsdale were happy to work within the walls of Hill House. Unfortunately, the two sisters often fought over the ownership of the residence: the eldest even began to accuse the sister of breaking into the house and stealing things from the home.
After the eventual death of the eldest sister, there was a nasty court battle over the ownership of Hill House. The younger sister loved the house just as much as the eldest did and fought her sister's companion. The companion left several complaints, stating that the sister kept breaking into the home stealing things at night; but the youngest sister said that she had not, and would not, come into the house at night, to steal or for any other reason. Unfortunately, the companion was moved to commit suicide, hanging herself from the mansion's tower, and ownership of the house passed on over to the companion's cousins, who were the Sandersons. Therefore, this explains why Luke Sanderson would eventually inherit Hill House.
In Other Media.
Hugh Crain was portrayed by Howard Lang in the 1963 film, and by Charles Gunning in the 1999 remake.
The character has been spoofed in "Scary Movie 2".

</doc>
<doc id="20901097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901097" title="Rin Takanashi">
Rin Takanashi

Career.
Takanashi starred in the 2007 film adaptation of the Japanese novel "Goth" as one of the lead characters, Yoru Morino. She starred in the 2009 Super Sentai series "Samurai Sentai Shinkenger" as one of the lead characters, Mako Shiraishi/Shinken Pink. She starred in "Kamen Rider W Returns" in July 2011. Rin Takanashi is part of the gravure idol group, Pink Jam Princess, with four others.
She co-starred with Ryo Kase in Abbas Kiarostami's 2012 film "Like Someone in Love".

</doc>
<doc id="20901119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901119" title="Maliqi">
Maliqi

Maliqi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20901169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901169" title="Islamic Front Bangladesh">
Islamic Front Bangladesh

Islamic Front Bangladesh () is a political party in Bangladesh. In December 2006, the IFB aligned itself with the Awami League-led 'Grand Alliance'.
Allama Sayed Bahadur Shah Mujaddedi is the president of the party, Allama Khandaker Golam Mawla Nakshibadi is the Vice President and Abul Rashar Mohammad Zainul Abedin (Zubaer) its secretary.
The goal of the party is the creation of a society based on Sunni philosophy. It considers that the main Islamist party in Bangladesh, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, is distorting Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="20901173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901173" title="Maramarua">
Maramarua

Maramarua is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate, from 1987 to 1993.
Population Centres.
Pukekohe
History.
The electorate was renamed from in the , but was renamed back to "Franklin" in 1993. In the with MMP it was incorporated into the new electorate.
From 1972 to 1999 the electorate (though renamed several times) was represented by Bill Birch.
Member of Parliament.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="20901196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901196" title="John Vallone">
John Vallone

John Vallone (23 June 1953 – 15 March 2004) was an American production designer and art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "".

</doc>
<doc id="20901228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901228" title="Neil J. Gillis">
Neil J. Gillis

Neil J. Gillis (December 8, 1869 – March 15, 1939) was a merchant, insurance broker and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cape Breton County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1900 to 1911 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Victoria County, Nova Scotia, the son of Hugh Gillis and Mary MacDonald. In 1891, he married Jennie McKinnon. Gillis was a Grand Master in the provincial Workmen's Association. He was named to the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia in 1916 and served until it was abolished in May 1928. Gillis served as a member of the Canadian Farm Loans Board until 1933 and then was a member of the Nova Scotia Land Settlement Board from 1933 to 1939. He died in Glace Bay at the age of 69.

</doc>
<doc id="20901241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901241" title="TRINet (India coast)">
TRINet (India coast)

TRINet (formerly Tsunami Rehab Information Network, India) has transitioned into "The Resource and Information Network: for the coast" from 1 April 2008. 
History.
The 2004 tsunami in the Indian Ocean devastated large stretches of the coastal areas of India. Relief and rehab attracted a large number of players. Coordination as well as resource centres were set up in Tamil Nadu, the South Indian state most affected by the tsunami.
TRINet, the Tsunami Rehabilitation Information NETwork was set up in March 2005 as a response to the broad information requirements in the state of Tamil Nadu for tsunami rehabilitation and reconstruction phases to help in sharing information between different groups working on various aspects in the different districts of the state. It was initiated by three prominent organizations, viz., South Indian Federation of Fishermen Societies SIFFS, International Collective in Support of Fishworkers (ICSF) and the Bhoomika Trust. 
TRINet has been collecting-collating-disseminating information related to tsunami rehabilitation. Apart from a website, TRINet produces weekly news bulletins - a collection of clippings from the media, a monthly Newsletter in English as well as a monthly Newsletter in Tamil. These can be downloaded from the site. TRINet also maintains a document database of reports and other publications related to the rehab process.
Activities in tsunami rehab in India.
In the three years of its existence as the Tsunami Rehab Information Network, TRINet organized a number of consultations and workshops on various topics related to tsunami rehab. Reports of these as well as presentations made at these meetings are available on the website. Topics of mention include on Coastal Protection Projects, Sanitation and Governance in fishing communities. Apart from the meetings organized by TRINet, a number of reports of tsunami-rehab-related meetings that did not find their way to the mainstream media can be found in the website.
Based on the experience of TRINet in the post tsunami period, a paper was presented at the Asia Pacific Conference of the Project Management Institute titled Project Management Needs in Disaster Situations: Lessons learned from the Boxing Day Tsunami. The paper is also available at Project Aid's website.
Current Focus.
Three years after the Indian Ocean tsunami, TRINet's focus has changed from rehabilitation to long term development of the coastal zone. Specifically, TRINet's focus will be on providing information on coastal issues from the perspective of the coastal communities whose livelihoods depend extensively on access to coastal resources. 
TRINet compiled a dossier for the Campaign against CZM Notification in India in 2007. The downloads section under coastal zone has other articles and reports related to this area of interest including the new MoEF report that led to the lapse of the coastal zone management notification.
TRINet continues to produce a monthly newsletter which is available to subscribers and can also be directly accessed from the website [http://www.trinet.in] under the blog entries. 
TRINet's office is located at Nagapattinam, India as part of BEDROC.
Dissemination Products.
This and all the earlier newsletters and other dissemination products from TRINet can be accessed freely from the TRINet website.

</doc>
<doc id="20901248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901248" title="TriNet HR Services">
TriNet HR Services

TriNet (TriNet Group, Inc.) is a cloud-based strategic partner to small and medium sized businesses for payroll, health benefits, employment law compliance and risk reduction. TriNet is headquartered in San Leandro, California. As a professional employer organization (PEO), TriNet partners with organizations between 1 and 2,500 employees to help relieve the administrative burden of HR and reduce cost. TriNet's value proposition is that it helps CEOs/Founders/Entrepreneurs "realize their ambitions" by allowing them to focus on driving their business, instead of managing HR. 
Founded in 1988, TriNet initially offered basic employee benefits, dental coverage, life and disability insurance and employment law guidance. Since then, TriNet broadened its offerings to add more sophisticated payroll services, Fortune-500 benefits, 401(k) guidance, worker's compensation, liability insurance, and strategic HR support and services. The company also provides online tools such as web-hosted management portals for manager and employee self-service.
History.
TriNet was founded in 1988 by Martin Babinec (incorporated on December 5, 1988). Babinec led TriNet through several acquisitions of smaller PEOs, including John Parry & Alexander and The Outsource Group of Walnut Creek, Calif.; E3 Group Inc. of Dallas, ALTRES (Alternative Resources for Business) of Honolulu, Hawaii; and Boston-based HR Logic Holdings, Inc. At the same time, the company went through its own rounds of equity financing, including an investment by U.K.-based staffing firm Select Holdings, LLC (later renamed as Vedior). In 2004, Vedior sold its minority interest in TriNet to General Atlantic, a private equity firm.
In May 2008, Burton M. Goldfield joined the company as president and CEO. Babinec remained the company as director. 
On November 21, 2013, TriNet filed registration statement on Form S-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for proposed initial public offering of common stock. The number of shares to be offered and the price range for the proposed offering have no yet been determined. 
Products/Services.
Core Services: Payroll Services & Tax Administration, Risk Protection & Compliance, Top Benefit Plans, Online HR Self-Service, TriNet Marketplace 
Strategic Services: Performance Management, Leadership Training, Talent Acquisition, Career Transitions, Corporate Ethics Program, Team Accelerator, Compensation Consulting, Time and Attendance, Expense Management.
TriNet Marketplace: an exclusive business-to-business online marketplace that offers a new and trusted sales channel for small business (launched October 21, 2013). 
TriNet Mobile: TriNet offers "TriNet Mobile," a mobile HR management application for iOS and Android. The app allows employees and HR-managers to track payroll transactions, manage leave requests, view health care benefits and make decisions from anywhere.
Recognition and Certifications.
TriNet is a member of the "Inc." 500 Hall of Fame for five consecutive listings on the magazine’s ranking of fastest growing, privately held American companies (#12 in 1995, #79 in 1996, #166 in 1997, #319 in 1998 and #381 in 1999).(The 1995-99 listings are under "TriNet Employer Group" and 1999's is under "TriNet VCO".) In 2008, TriNet ranked #3369 in the Inc. 5000, as well as #13 in the East Bay Business Times list of fastest growing, privately held companies. TriNet repeated the Inc. 5000 honor in 2009, with a #2185 listing, and in 2010, at #1601.
In 2012 and 2013, Ernst & Young named TriNet CEO Burton Goldfield finalist for Entrepreneur of the Year Award. 
TriNet has been accredited by the Employer Services Assurance Corporation (ESAC) since 1995. ESAC certification validates the solid financial performance of PEOs, and the assurance of their employer-compliant operations and services, continually monitoring them for adherence to important financial, ethical, and operational standards.

</doc>
<doc id="20901255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901255" title="Hans Erdmenger">
Hans Erdmenger

"Kapitän zur See" Hans Otto Erdmenger (29 October 1903 – 28 December 1943) was a Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipient during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Erdmenger was killed in action on 28 December 1943 in the Bay of Biscay as chief of the 8. "Zerstörerflottille" on board the destroyer "Z27" which was sunk in combat with the British cruisers HMS "Glasgow" and HMS "Enterprise".

</doc>
<doc id="20901301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901301" title="Le diable dans le beffroi">
Le diable dans le beffroi

Le diable dans le beffroi ("The Devil in the Belfry") is an unfinished comic opera in one act by Claude Debussy to his own libretto, based on Edgar Allan Poe's short story "The Devil in the Belfry". 
Composition.
Debussy began the piece after the success of his opera "Pélléas et Mélisande" in 1902 and worked on it until around 1912 but he never completed the score. He planned to make the chorus the only singing part and have the devil of the title whistle. He described his conception of the devil's character in a letter to André Messager in June 1902:The Devil is represented as cynical and cruel — much more devilish than the red, brimstone-breathing clown that has, so illogically, become a tradition with us. I should also like to put an end to the idea that the Devil is the spirit of evil. He is simply the spirit of contradiction; perhaps it is he who inspires those who do not think like everybody else.Debussy's scenario for the opera is dated 25 August 1903. The composer used some musical material from the opera for a short piano piece, "Morceau de concours", published in January, 1905. In 1908, the Manhattan Opera House scored a great success with the American premiere of "Pelléas et Mélisande", prompting the director of the rival Metropolitan Opera, Giulio Gatti-Casazza, to offer Debussy a contract for three unfinished opera projects, including "Le diable dans le beffroi" (the others were "La légende de Tristan" and "La chute de la maison Usher"). Nevertheless, the work was never to be completed, although on 31 March 1912 the composer played some extracts on the piano for Henri Busser. All that survives are three pages of musical sketches lacking text, which apparently date from August 1903.
Synopsis.
First tableau.
"Scene: a village in Holland"
Various villagers, including the bell-ringer and his son, and the mayor and his daughter, are depicted. At noon the bell-ringer prepares to do his job but the devil appears and makes the clock strike thirteen, before descending to mix with the astonished crowd and tease them. The mayor orders the bell-ringer's son to play holy music on the bells and drive the devil away but the devil turns the music into a jig which he echoes on his violin. The villagers are irresistibly driven to dance and the devil leads them towards the canal but before they plunge in, the devil suddenly raises his bow and the music ceases.
Second tableau.
"Scene: a village in Italy"
The villagers are the same as those in the first tableau but their characters have been transformed into something much wilder in spirit. Only the bell-ringer's son, Jean, is immune to the devil's magic because of his love for the mayor's daughter. She, however, mocks him. Jean climbs the belfry and prays aloud. The devil's spell is broken and he vanishes in a red flash. The villagers return to their normal selves as the clock strikes twelve.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="20901304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901304" title="Huw Lewis-Jones">
Huw Lewis-Jones

Huw Lewis-Jones (born 2 May 1980) is a British historian, editor, broadcaster and art director. Formerly historian and Curator of Art at the Scott Polar Research Institute, University of Cambridge, Dr Lewis-Jones left Cambridge in June 2010 to pursue a number of book and broadcasting projects. Currently he is Editorial Director of the independent publishing company Polarworld. 
Biography.
Grandson of a Royal Navy commander, Lewis-Jones attended Elizabeth College, Guernsey, before studying as a geography undergraduate at St John’s College, Cambridge, where he was a Davidson Scholar. He earned a Master of Philosophy and Doctor of Philosophy in the history of exploration at the University of Cambridge.
Lewis-Jones’ ongoing research interests include the intellectual history of exploration, maritime hagiography, and the cultural history of the nineteenth century. His particular expertise is in Antarctic and Arctic exploration, portraiture, print culture, and the history of photography and he lectures widely on these and other subjects.
Until 2010, Lewis-Jones was historian and Curator of Art at the Scott Polar Research Institute. Founded in 1920, the Institute is the oldest international centre for polar research within a university and has recently been awarded a major Heritage Lottery Fund award to redevelop its permanent galleries, providing additional exhibition space and enhancing its collections for educational research. Among a number of responsibilities, Lewis-Jones researched and acquired the new national collection of Inuit art, also supported the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Before returning to the University of Cambridge, Lewis-Jones was a Visiting Fellow at Harvard University and Curator of Imperial and Maritime History at the National Maritime Museum, Greenwich. Lewis-Jones is a council member of the national charity The 1805 Club, Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society and a member of The Travellers Club, London. He is also Editor of the annual maritime history journal of the 1805 Club, "The Trafalgar Chronicle".
Lewis-Jones and his partner, writer and photographer Kari Herbert, divided their time between Cambridge and London. they live with daughter Nell by the sea in Cornwall.
Books and Exhibitions.
Lewis-Jones is now working on an exploration of classic mountain photography and a large photography project for the national charity the Royal National Lifeboat Institution. His most recent books as an author are a new history of the South Pole and an Arctic travel narrative for television with popular BBC presenter and adventurer Bruce Parry. 
Lewis-Jones’ first book was "Face to Face: Polar Portraits", an account of historic and modern photographic portraiture, published in 2008. British explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes wrote its Foreword. The book was "The Sunday Times" ‘Book of the Week’ and a ‘Book of the Year’ in "The Observer" and received much praise elsewhere. It was also published in Italy by De Agostini and in Germany by Geo and Frederking and Thaler. "The Explorers Journal" described it as ‘one of the most stunning books of photography in recent times’. 
The next in his series, "Ocean Portraits", a celebration of the sea told through rare historic imagery and modern maritime photography, was released in the United Kingdom in late 2010 by Conway, an imprint of London-based publishing house Anova Books. It is understood there will also be French and German language editions. Its Foreword was written by pioneering yachstman Sir Robin Knox-Johnston. Described by "Wanderlust" magazine as a trove of 'portraiture at its best; personal, insightful and delightfully intriguing', it was selected by "The Guardian" as one of 'the year's best photography books'. Lewis-Jones has now completed "Mountain Heroes: Portraits of Adventure", with a significant international team of authors and mountaineers including Doug Scott, Sir Chris Bonington, Stephen Venables, and the celebrated National Geographic photographers Gordon Wiltsie and Cory Richards. It won the Adventure Book of the Year at the World ITB Awards in Germany.
Since 2007 Lewis-Jones has worked with a number of established and emerging artists: the internationally-renowned printmaker Jörg Schmeisser; Bristol-based fine artist Emma Stibbon, Senior Lecturer at the University of Brighton; "Nanoq" artists Bryndis Snæbjörnsdóttir and Mark Wilson; Tiina Itkonen, Finnish Young Photographer of the Year; award-winning bird illustrator John Gale; leading expedition photographer Martin Hartley; and most recently, the forensic installation artist John Kelly. He is currently collaborating with the award-winning photographer Nigel Millard, official photographer of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution and the peerless Icelandic photojournalist Ragnar Axelsson.
Lewis-Jones’ future exhibitions include "Maybe Tomorrow", a photographic journey amongst peoples of the Arctic, and "First Across" – a project that unites the exploration and scientific achievements of the 1955-58 Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition, led by Sir Vivian Fuchs, with those of the British Trans-Arctic Expedition of 1968-69, led by Sir Wally Herbert. On this later expedition, a 3,800-mile surface crossing of the Arctic Ocean, from Alaska to Spitsbergen, billed by some as ‘the last great journey on Earth’, Herbert and his team became, undisputedly, the first men to reach the North Pole by surface travel.
Having opened in Cambridge in 2007, Lewis-Jones’ exhibition of Herbert’s paintings "Art of Exploration" was shown in Scotland during 2009 and at the National Geographic gallery in London. His "Face to Face: Polar Portraits" exhibition was shown in Cambridge, London and Ireland in 2008. It toured to a number of destinations in 2009, including The Explorers Club in New York and Discovery Point, Dundee, the home of exploration ship RRS "Discovery", the first polar command of Robert Falcon Scott.
Television.
Lewis-Jones has made many appearances on radio and television. Most recently, Lewis-Jones was onscreen expert with Paul Rose in the BBC Two documentary "Antarctica's Forgotten Hero", describing the adventures of polar explorer Frank Wild and the expeditions of the Heroic Age. He has also recently featured on BBC Radio 4 discussing the science of icebergs, and on National Geographic radio broadcasts.
His media career began in developing popular history pieces for Sky Movies. The 4-part film documentary "Captain Cook: Obsession and Discovery" was screened in 2007 in Australia on ABC and in the United Kingdom on The History Channel. He joined the English author Vanessa Collingridge and naval historian Professor Andrew Lambert. 
The documentary "Wilderness Explored", produced by Jeremy Bristow, aired on the BBC in October 2008 and received widespread critical acclaim. It was ‘Critics Choice’ in "The Sunday Times", ‘Pick of the Week’ in "The Independent" and ‘Digital Pick of the Week’ in "The Telegraph". "The Guardian" declared it ‘a glorious documentary’ and "The Radio Times" described the work as ‘an entrancing piece of cultural history’. In 2011, Lewis-Jones provided expert commentary in Robert Murphy's film for BBC Four, "Of Ice and Men", alongside Sir Ranulph Fiennes and authors Sara Wheeler and Francis Spufford, tracing the way that Antarctica has captured the imagination over the centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="20901310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901310" title="TRINet">
TRINet

TRInet can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20901333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901333" title="Linda DeScenna">
Linda DeScenna

Linda DeScenna is an American set decorator. She has been nominated for five Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
DeScenna has been nominated for five Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20901355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901355" title="Deaf white cat">
Deaf white cat

Deaf white cats are domestic cats with a pure white coat. Some white cats suffer from congenital deafness caused by a degeneration of the inner ear. This condition is associated with blue irises. In white cats with mixed-coloured eyes (odd-eyed cats), it has been found that deafness is more likely to affect the ear on the blue-eyed side. White cats can have blue, gold, green, or copper coloured odd eyes. 
In one 1997 study of white cats with varying degrees of hearing deficiency, 72% of the animals were found to be totally deaf. The entire organ of Corti was found to have degenerated within the first few weeks after birth; however, even during these weeks no brain stem responses could be evoked by auditory stimuli, suggesting that these animals had never experienced any auditory sensations. It was found that some months after the organ of Corti had degenerated, the spiral ganglion also began to degenerate.
Genetics.
The gene that causes a cat to have a white coat is a dominant masking gene. As a result, the cat will have an underlying coat colour and pattern. When the dominant white gene is present, however, that pattern will not be expressed. A cat that is homozygous (WW) or heterozygous (Ww) for this gene will have a white coat despite the underlying pattern/colour. A cat that lacks this dominant masking gene (ww) will exhibit a coat colour/pattern. There are several sources for a white cat to have blue eyes. If the underlying coat pattern is one of a pointed cat (also referred to as a Siamese pattern), the blue eyes may come from the genetics of the pointed gene. A common misconception is that all white cats with blue eyes are deaf. It is possible to have a cat with a naturally white coat without this gene, as an extreme form of white spotting, although this is rare – some small non-white patch usually remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20901380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901380" title="Douglas Neil Brodie">
Douglas Neil Brodie

Douglas Neil Brodie (January 15, 1872 – September 14, 1954) was a businessman and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cape Breton East in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1941 to 1945 as a Co-operative Commonwealth Federation member.
He was born in Halifax, the son of Neil MacNeil Brodie and Margaret Carroll, and educated at the Halifax Academy. In 1901, he married May Campbell. He was the owner of Brodie Print Service. Brodie was a director of the Central Credit Union. He died in Glace Bay at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="20901387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901387" title="Polytechnic (United Kingdom)">
Polytechnic (United Kingdom)

A polytechnic was a tertiary education teaching institution in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland offering higher diplomas, undergraduate degree and post graduate education that was governed and administered at the national level. After the passage of the Further and Higher Education Act 1992 they became independent universities which meant they could award their own degrees. The comparable institutions in Scotland were collectively referred to as Central Institutions. Like polytechnics or technological universities in other countries, their aim was to teach both purely academic and professional vocational subjects. Their focus was applied education for work and their roots concentrated on engineering and applied science, though soon after being founded they also created departments concerned with the humanities. The Polytechnic legacy was to advance and excel in undergraduate and post graduate degrees in engineering and technology education that now form a core faculty at most universities in the UK.
The designation "polytechnic" was also, less commonly, used by further education colleges such as Kilburn Polytechnic (later renamed as Kilburn College). The division between universities and polytechnics was known as the Binary Divide.
History.
While most polytechnics were formed in the expansion of higher education in the 1960s, some can trace their history back much further than this. For instance the London Polytechnic (now the University of Westminster), emerged from the Royal Polytechnic Institution which was founded at Regent Street London in 1838. The establishment of the Polytechnic was a reaction to the rise of industrial power and technical education in France, Germany and the USA. Prior to the 1960s degrees at the London Polytechnic were validated by the university of London. The first British Institution to use the name "Polytechnic" was the Royal Cornwall Polytechnic Society, which it still retains, together with the affectionate nickname "The Poly".
Academic degrees in polytechnics were validated by the UK Council for National Academic Awards (CNAA) from 1965 to 1992. The CNAA was chartered by the British government to validate and award degrees and maintain national quality assurance standards. The CNAA subject boards from their inception were from the universities. A CNAA degree was formally recognised as equivalent to a university degree and the courses were under strict scrutiny by assessors external to the polytechnics. 
Sub-degree courses at these institutions were validated by the Business & Technology Education Council (BTEC). 
Some polytechnics were often seen as ranking below universities in the provision of higher education because they lacked degree-awarding powers, concentrated on applied education for work and had less research than the universities, and because the qualifications necessary to gain a place in one were lower than for a university (the failure rate in the first year of undergraduate courses was high due to a rigorous filtering process). However, in terms of an undergraduate education this was a misconception since many polytechnics offered academic degrees validated by the CNAA from bachelor and Masters degree to PhD research degrees. Also professional degrees in, for instance, engineering, town planning, law, and architecture were rigorously validated by various professional institutions. Many polytechnics argued that a CNAA degree was superior to many university degrees especially in engineering, due to the external independent validation process employed by the CNAA, the engineering institutions, and innovations such as sandwich degrees. Such innovations made a Polytechnic education more relevant for professional work.
For many years a central admissions system for polytechnics was not seen as necessary. However, a large increase in applications resulted from funding cuts to universities in the early 1980s. The Polytechnics Central Admissions System was introduced and handled the years of entry from 1986 to 1992. 
Under the Further and Higher Education Act 1992 they became fully fledged universities. After 1992, the former polytechnics ("New Universities") awarded their own degrees. Most sub-degree BTEC qualifications have been phased out of the new universities and transferred to colleges of further education. 
The polytechnics changed their names when they gained university status. Some simply dropped "Polytechnic" and added "University" to their titles. For example, the Huddersfield Polytechnic became the University of Huddersfield. However, this was often not possible as there was sometimes another University with the name. One alternative title was "Metropolitan University", because the institution was situated in a city or other large metropolitan area. Examples are Manchester Metropolitan University and Leeds Metropolitan University. These titles are often shortened to "Met" (Man Met, Leeds Met) or an acronym (MMU, LMU). Others adopted a name which reflects the local area, such as Nottingham Trent University (named after the river Trent which flows through Nottingham) and Sheffield Hallam University ("Hallam" refers to the area of South Yorkshire in which much of Sheffield is situated). Ulster Polytechnic remains the only polytechnic to unite with a university; this occurred in 1984.
The last degree-awarding institution to hold on to the name "Polytechnic" after 1992 was Anglia Polytechnic University (which had only attained polytechnic status the previous year). The word was soon identified as being offputting to potential students, and the university became known as Anglia Ruskin University from 2005.
List of former polytechnics.
At their peak there were over thirty polytechnics in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, the English ones being primarily located in urban areas large enough to support industry or commerce, from which they usually took the city name. 
These are now universities.
In England, there are:
In addition, Wales has
and Northern Ireland has:
In Scotland there were comparable Higher Education institutions called Central Institutions but these very rarely used the designation "Polytechnic" in their titles; these also converted into universities.

</doc>
<doc id="20901440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901440" title="Bangladesh Islami Front">
Bangladesh Islami Front

Bangladesh Islami Front () is one of the leading Islamic political party those support the 1971 freedom war in Bangladesh. In the 2001 parliamentary election the party launched 16 candidates. Together they gathered 29,002 votes (0.05% of the national vote), but no seats were won by the party.

</doc>
<doc id="20901467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901467" title="Jeffrey Sneijder">
Jeffrey Sneijder

Jeffrey Sneijder (born September 16, 1982) is a former Dutch footballer. He was born in Utrecht, Netherlands.
Club career.
He started his career at Jong Ajax in a team with Maarten Stekelenburg and Rafael van der Vaart, before he was transferred to Stormvogels Telstar in July 2001. In February 2004 he injured his meniscus. He paused from football and began his comeback at Jong Ajax in July 2004 and 2005 he went to Jong RKC. He left Jong RKC in June 2006 and moved to FC Den Bosch, where he left in August 2007 to play for lower league side USV Elinkwijk.
Personal life.
Jeffrey is also the brother of Galatasaray's Wesley and of Rodney who plays for RKC Waalwijk.

</doc>
<doc id="20901471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901471" title="14th parallel south">
14th parallel south

The 14th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 14 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 14° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20901478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901478" title="Edward Bishop (rugby player)">
Edward Bishop (rugby player)

Edward "Teddy" Bishop (10 October 1864 – 24 February 1919) was a Welsh international rugby union player who played club rugby for Swansea and was capped once for Wales.
Rugby career.
During the 1882/83 season, Bishop was part of the Llandovery College team that played against fellow Welsh college team Christ College, Brecon. By 1888, Bishop had switched to first class rugby club Swansea, and that year he was part of the team that faced the first international touring team, the New Zealand Natives. Bishop was suffering with damaged ribs, but played regardless showing bravery throughout the match. At one point Bishop missed the goal from a dropkick by a matter of inches. Swansea eventually lost the game by a goal and two tries to nil.
In 1889 Bishop was selected for his one and only appearance for Wales. As part of the 1889 Home Nations Championship, Bishop was chosen to play against Scotland at Raeburn Place under the captaincy of Frank Hill. Wales lost the match and Bishop never represented his country again.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20901491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901491" title="Douglas MacDonald">
Douglas MacDonald

Douglas MacDonald (1900 – 1996) was a farmer, miner and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cape Breton Centre in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1939 to 1945 as a Co-operative Commonwealth Federation member.
He was born in Georgetown, Prince Edward Island, the son of Archibald MacDonald and Annie MacKinnon. MacDonald married Lillian McLellan. He served in the artillery during World War I. He was president of the local chapter of the United Mine Workers of America. MacDonald won the first seat for the CCF in the Nova Scotia legislature in 1939; he was elected in a by-election held after Michael Dwyer resigned his seat.

</doc>
<doc id="20901492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901492" title="World Day of Peace">
World Day of Peace

The World Peace Day is a feast day of the Roman Catholic Church dedicated to peace, held on 1 January, on the Solemnity of Mary, Mother of God. It was introduced in 1967 by Paul VI, inspired by the encyclical Pacem in Terris of John XXIII and with reference to his own encyclical Populorum Progressio. The day was first observed on 1 January 1968.
The World Day of Peace has often been a time when popes make magisterial declarations relevant to the social doctrine of the Church. Paul VI and John Paul II have each year made important statements on the United Nations, human rights, women's rights, labor unions, economic development, the right to life, international diplomacy, peace in the Holy Land, globalization and terrorism.
In England and Wales, 'Peace Sunday' is traditionally kept on the Second Sunday of Ordinary Time, which is the Sunday falling between 14 and 20 January inclusive. Suggested material is prepared each year by the UK branch of the Pax Christi movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20901494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901494" title="Chris Harte">
Chris Harte

Chris Harte is an American newspaper executive and publisher. He has published newspapers in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Akron, Ohio, Portland, Maine and State College, Pennsylvania.
He was a corporate executive for Knight Ridder Newspapers and formerly the 
Chairman at the Star Tribune Company. He holds a bachelor's degree from Stanford University and an MBA from the University of Texas.

</doc>
