<doc id="20888092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888092" title="Langebaan">
Langebaan

Langebaan is a town in the Western Cape province of South Africa on the eastern shore of Langebaan Lagoon.
Langebaan is situated 120 km north of Cape Town, just off the R27, about 28km from Vredenburg and 20km from Saldanha Bay. The Lagoon stretches for 17km from Saldanha Bay, past Langebaan to Geelbek in the South. In places it is up to 4km wide.
History.
The Langebaan Lagoon was formed by the rising and falling of sea levels during pre-historic times. This is unlike most lagoons which form where fresh water rivers enter the sea. As a result, Langebaan Lagoon is a purely salt water lagoon.
As far back as 500 000 years ago, early Homo sapiens were probably present in the area, living in groups and hunting small game, displacing carnivores, such as lions, from their kills and gathering plant foods. They made fire as protection and for cooking and probably made simple shelters from branches. They probably used animal skins for warmth and clothing. They made wooden and stone tools.
The area is rich in historical events from the first inhabitants, the Khoikhoi and San, to the arrival of the Europeans. The first European to set foot on land was Vasco da Gama at St Helena Bay on the West Coast Peninsula in 1497.
António de Saldanha, after whom the bay is named, did not enter those waters at all. Juris van Spilbergen mistakenly named it in 1601 as Saldanha Bay; he thought that he had reached Cape Town – originally named Agoada de Saldanha. Although the Dutch were the first to claim ownership of the area, the French were frequent visitors.
Countries would claim ownership by planting a post in the ground and formally declaring ownership. One of these ‘posts’ may be seen today near Geelbek claiming the land on behalf of the Dutch East India Company. European settlement was very limited because of the lack of water for 8 months of the year.
Many stirring events have occurred in the region over the centuries including two sea battles and a visit by the Confederate States of America’s, Alabama, in 1863, the most feared warship of its day. Even the 5 islands in the area, which are administered by the West Coast National Park, have a history of their own, including battles for ownership, use as smallpox quarantine hospitals, exploits for guano, sealing centres and other activities.
The French used Schaapeneiland (close to Langebaan beach) as a storage place for whale oil and seal hides, calling it "Isle à la Biche". More recently, the whaling station was situated at Donkergat and is still visible from the town. A reminder of Langebaan's whaling history is the harpoon gun outside the Municipal Buildings. 
The town Langebaan was founded in 1922 and used as a whaling station until the 1960s. 
Langebaan today.
Bird-watchers visit the area to view the over 300 species of birds found in the lagoon waters of the West Coast National Park. The park is most busy during the spring flower season (August to September) when the wild flowers are in bloom. Whales can be spotted during October and November.
The white sand beaches surrounding the clear waters of the Langebaan Lagoon are one of the main attractions of Langebaan. The mild climate and protected waters of the lagoon make Langebaan popular for sailing, kayaking, kitesurfing and fishing, and the town offers numerous holiday facilities for water sport enthusiasts.
To protect its culture as a fishing, holiday and retirement village, the town allows no industries. 
Club Mykonos Resort hosts a number of annual events, festivals and exhibitions. Able to accommodate large numbers, the well-known artists are regular performers at this venue. Popular competitions and fund raising events are hosted at the resort.
Large-scale sporting events such as triathlons, the downwind dash, cycling, car gymkhanas and more are held here. A monthly craft market as well as art exhibitions through the year, showcase the talents of local artists. Community events includes the church bazaar and the annual Langebaan Mussel Festival, which takes place on the first weekend of October.

</doc>
<doc id="20888110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888110" title="Belleville Dutch Reformed Church">
Belleville Dutch Reformed Church

The Belleville Dutch Reformed Church, listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Reformed Dutch Church of Second River, also known as was founded in 1697 as a Dutch Reformed Church, located in present-day Belleville, Essex County, New Jersey, United States. The church is named after the Second River, which is a tributary of the Passaic River. The church was rebuilt in 1725 and again in 1807. The church steeple was used as an observation post during the American Revolution. Over 62 Revolutionary soldiers are buried in the adjacent graveyard. The current church building was built in 1853.

</doc>
<doc id="20888129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888129" title="WHA General Player Draft">
WHA General Player Draft

The World Hockey Association General Player Draft was held over the course of two days, February 12 and February 13, 1972, in Anaheim, California. The purpose of the draft was to establish an orderly process through which WHA teams would stock their rosters by the beginning of their inaugural season later that year. As such, players from other professional teams (notably National Hockey League clubs) were eligible to be drafted. The draftees were not under any legal obligation to sign with the drafting WHA club: other WHA clubs were prevented from negotiating with the players who had been drafted.
The draft was held in two parts: a "Preliminary" round in which teams made so-called "priority" selections, and the rounds of the "General Draft" which followed. For the Preliminary round, each team wrote four names on a piece of paper, which were then submitted and announced prior to the start of the General Draft. The priority selections were the most sought after players, consisting mostly of NHL veterans and highly touted prospects.
Twelve teams took part in the draft: the Calgary Broncos, Chicago Cougars, Dayton Aeros, Edmonton Oil Kings, Los Angeles Sharks, Miami Screaming Eagles, Minnesota Fighting Saints, New England Whalers, Winnipeg Jets, and three then-unnamed franchises based in New York (later the Raiders), Ontario (later the Ottawa Nationals) and Quebec City (later the Nordiques).
The Broncos folded within months, before the beginning of the season, and the negotiating rights to their picks were transferred to a new club: the Cleveland Crusaders. Similarly the Screaming Eagles never took to the ice, and their picks transferred to the Philadelphia Blazers. The Dayton Aeros moved to Houston before the playing season, and the Oil Kings changed their name to Alberta Oilers with the intent of splitting home games between Edmonton and Calgary.

</doc>
<doc id="20888144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888144" title="Jason Meadows">
Jason Meadows

Jason Meadows (born June 9, 1971) is a country music artist signed to Baccerstick Records. He was raised in Calera, Oklahoma. Meadows was a second-place finalist on the third season of the USA Networks talent show "Nashville Star". Three singles were released from his debut album "100% Cowboy" (the title track, "18 Video Tapes" and "Where Did My Dirt Road Go"), but all failed to chart. The album reached No. 59 on Top Country Albums. "18 Video Tapes" received a "thumbs up" rating from The 9513, a country music review site. Reviewer Matt C. said, "Here’s a "Nashville Star" alumnus who didn’t score a major-label deal but nonethless is producing interesting and compelling music."

</doc>
<doc id="20888153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888153" title="List of state leaders in 240 BC">
List of state leaders in 240 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.

</doc>
<doc id="20888174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888174" title="Baba (honorific)">
Baba (honorific)

Baba (: بابا, , ; Sanskrit, Punjabi, Bengali, Hindi and Marathi: ; father; grandfather; wise old man; sir,) is a Persian honorific term used in several West and South Asian cultures. It is used as a mark of respect to refer to Sufi saints.
The Bektashi Order, headquartered in Albania, use the term of "baba" for all its priesthood.
During the Muslim rule in South Asia it was also used for Hindu and Sikh ascetics (sannyasis) is also be used as a suffix or prefix to their names e.g.: Ramdev Baba, Baba Ramdevji, etc. "Baba" is also a title accorded to the head of certain order of Sufi saints: Baba Bulleh Shah and Rehman Baba. The Persian term was also adopted in Malaysia as an honorific of respect to address Chinese people born in British Straits Settlement.
In Shona, a language spoken in Zimbabwe, and also in Yoruba, a language spoken by the Yoruba culture in the south western part of Nigeria, Baba is an honorific for father, wise man or, simply, elderly man. It is also a term of respect used by wives, other women, children and other youth to an older man.
"Patera" is the formal translation of the word "father" into the modern Greek language (Meaning, "Priest" {as in 'Father Dennis'}, "father" {as in, 'Listen to your father'}, and is also used as a term of respect towards fathers in law). While "Patera" may be the formal way to address elders (out of respect) the word "Baba" is a more casual way of saying father, and much more commonly used. It can be most directly translated to the American English words "Dad," "Daddy," and "Pops."

</doc>
<doc id="20888177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888177" title="Jakob Norz">
Jakob Norz

Jakob Norz (20 October 1920 – 16 September 1944) was a "Luftwaffe" flying ace of World War II. Norz was credited with 117 aerial victories—that is, 117 aerial combat encounters resulting in the destruction of the enemy aircraft. All his victories were claimed over the Soviet Air Forces in 332 combat missions. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Norz was killed on 16 September 1944 in a forced landing following combat with a large formation of Soviet aircraft attacking Kirkenes, Finland.
Career.
Jakob Norz was born on 20 October 1920 in Saulgrub in Free State of Bavaria within the Weimar Republic. Holding the rank of "Unteroffizier" (non-commissioned officer) he served with the I./Nachtjagdgeschwader 2 (2nd Night Fighter Wing) since late 1941. With this unit he flew night fighter missions against England and convoy escort missions over the Mediterranean Sea. He was briefly transferred as a day time fighter pilot to Jagdgeschwader 51 (51st Fighter Wing) operating on the Eastern Front in early 1942. Shortly afterwards he was posted to the 11./Jagdgeschwader 1 (11th Squadron of the 1st Fighter Wing) which was located in Norway. The unit was then relocated further north to the "Eismeerfront" (Ice Sea Front)—the area of operations nearest the Arctic Ocean—and redesignated to 8./Jagdgeschwader 5 (8th Squadron of the 5th Fighter Wing).
Operating in this northern theatre of operations, Norz claimed his first five aerial victories by the end of 1942. Following victorious combat with two Ilyushin Il-2 ""Shturmovik"" on 5 March 1943 he made a forced landing of his Messerschmitt Bf 109 F-4 ("Werknummer "—13108—factory number) on a frozen lake in no man's land. He returned to a German held position after an eight hour walk in high snow. Norz claimed his 17th and 18th aerial victory on 4 June 1943. The number of aerial victories claimed rose to roughly 50 by the end of 1943. On 17 March 1944 Norz claimed 5 Soviet fighters shot down, his 66th to 70th aerial victories. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross following his 74th aerial victory. He again claimed five victories on 17 June 1944. Norz in a 24 hour period from 27 June to 28 June 1944 claimed 12 victories, taking his total to 103 aerial victories. This achievement earned Norz a reference on 28 June 1944 in the "Wehrmachtbericht" (armed forces report), an information bulletin issued by the headquarters of the Wehrmacht. To be singled out individually in this way was an honour and was entered in the Orders and Decorations' section of a soldier's Service Record Book.
Walter Schuck, a wartime friend of Jakob Norz, witnessed Norz's final flight on 16 September 1944. According to Schuck, Norz attacked and shot down a Douglas Boston but was hit in the engine by the defensive fire from the Boston. Norz reported that his cabin was filling with smoke. Schuck urged Norz to bale out but Norz decided to fly back to base to avoid capture by the Russians. Schuck broke off further combat and escorted Norz back to base. Norz, intoxicated by the smoke, reported that his elevator seized and that he could not trim the aircraft. Already too low for bailing out, Norz attempted a crash landing in the tundra. The Bf 109 G-6 "yellow 8" ("Werknummer"—412 199—factory number) struck a rock and disintegrated, killing Jakob Norz.

</doc>
<doc id="20888215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888215" title="Live in Europe (Dave Douglas album)">
Live in Europe (Dave Douglas album)

Live in Europe is the sixth album by trumpeter Dave Douglas, his first live album, and the third to feature his Tiny Bell Trio. It was released on the Arabesque label in 1997 and features performances by Douglas, Brad Schoeppach and Jim Black.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states "The music often looks towards Eastern Europe folk melodies but maintains its ties with American jazz and is full of constant surprises. As with virtually all of Dave Douglas' projects, this CD is well worth exploring".

</doc>
<doc id="20888223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888223" title="Neatypus obliquus">
Neatypus obliquus

Neatypus obliquus, the Western Footballer, is a species of sea chub endemic to southern reefs of Australia where it can be found down to depths of . It can also be found in the aquarium trade. This species is currently the only known member of its genus.
The compressed body is silvery-blue, with orange to yellow diagonal striping that is bordered by a brownish black; fins match the shade of yellowy-orange. They reach a maximum length of TL.
It occurs near inshore and offshore reefs of the southern Australia coast in active and large schools. The range is from Shark Bay, Western Australia to Flinders Island, South Australia. They feed on benthic invertebrates and zooplankton.
Other species of its family are known as 'footballers', for the similarity to footballer's striped jumpers, and this species is also known as the Footballer sweep.

</doc>
<doc id="20888240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888240" title="St. Peter and St. Paul Orthodox Church">
St. Peter and St. Paul Orthodox Church

St. Peter and St. Paul Orthodox Church in Burr Ridge, Illinois, is a parish of the Orthodox Church in America Diocese of the Midwest in the greater Chicago area. 
History.
On August 3, 1931, Rev. Peter Semkoff officially petitioned Theophilus, Archbishop of Chicago, the local bishop of the Russian Metropolia, for his permission to establish a new parish in the Gage Park area of Chicago, to be eventually known as "St. Peter and St. Paul Carpatho-Russian Orthodox Greek Catholic Church". The first membership meeting was held on September 30, 1931, and on December 1, 1931, property for a new church was purchased on the northwest corner of Western Ave. and 53rd St. The first liturgy in the new church was celebrated on Palm Sunday, April 20, 1932. The majority of parish founders were Carpatho-Russians formerly belonging to St. Mary's Greek Catholic Church under papal jurisdiction. The desire to control parish property and retain what was then perceived as nasa Ruska Vira ("our Russian Faith") were primary reasons for affiliating with the Metropolia. 
After being spiritually served for over 50 years by V. Rev. Peter Semkoff and his son, V. Rev. Nicholas Semkoff, this once tight-knit ethnic enclave of southwest side Chicago parishioners vacated their original temple and continued their parish life in a new church on County Line Rd. in Burr Ridge, Illinois. The new location was determined by the demographics of the parish members, who now reside as far north as Racine, Wisconsin, and as far south as Bourbonnais, IL. The first service in the new church was held on February 15, 1998. 
The parish now serves an English-speaking congregation representing many ethnic roots. 
Source.
"This article incorporates text from an article of the same name on orthodoxwiki.org, which see for attribution history. Orthodoxwiki is licensed under GFDL."

</doc>
<doc id="20888243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888243" title="Guadalajara railway station">
Guadalajara railway station

Guadalajara railway station (Spanish: Estación de Guadalajara) is a railway station in Guadalajara, Spain. There is another station nearby on the Madrid-Barcelona high-speed rail line called Guadalajara-Yebes railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="20888255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888255" title="Isopropyl alcohol">
Isopropyl alcohol

Isopropyl alcohol is a chemical compound with the molecular formula C3H8O or C3H7OH. It is a colorless, flammable chemical compound with a strong odor. It is the simplest example of a "secondary alcohol", where the alcohol carbon atom is attached to two other carbon atoms sometimes shown as (CH3)2CHOH. It is a structural isomer of propanol. Isopropyl alcohol is denatured for certain uses.
Properties.
Isopropyl alcohol is miscible in water, alcohol, ether and chloroform. It will dissolve ethyl cellulose, polyvinyl butyral, many oils, alkaloids, gums and natural resins. It is insoluble in salt solutions. Unlike ethanol or methanol, isopropyl alcohol can be separated from aqueous solutions by adding a salt such as sodium chloride, sodium sulfate, or any of several other inorganic salts, since the alcohol is much less soluble in saline solutions than in salt-free water. The process is colloquially called "salting out", and causes concentrated isopropyl alcohol to separate into a distinct layer.
Isopropyl alcohol forms an azeotrope with water, which gives a boiling point of and a composition of 87.7 wt% (91 vol%) isopropyl alcohol. Water-isopropyl alcohol mixtures have depressed melting points. It has a slightly bitter taste, and is not safe to drink.
Isopropyl alcohol becomes increasingly viscous with decreasing temperature. At temperatures below , isopropyl alcohol resembles maple syrup in viscosity.
Isopropyl alcohol has a maximum absorbance at 204 nm in an ultraviolet-visible spectrum.
Reactions.
Isopropyl alcohol can be oxidized to acetone, which is the corresponding ketone. This can be achieved using oxidizing agents such as chromic acid, or by dehydrogenation of isopropyl alcohol over a heated copper catalyst:
Isopropyl alcohol is often used as both solvent and hydride source in the Meerwein-Ponndorf-Verley reduction and other transfer hydrogenation reactions; it is oxidized to acetone. Isopropyl alcohol may be converted to 2-bromopropane using phosphorus tribromide, or dehydrated to propene by heating with sulfuric acid.
Like most alcohols, isopropyl alcohol reacts with active metals such as potassium to form alkoxides that can be called "isopropoxides". The reaction with aluminium (initiated by a trace of mercury) is used to prepare the catalyst aluminium isopropoxide.
Production.
In 1994, 1.5 million tonnes of isopropyl alcohol were produced in the United States, Europe, and Japan. This compound is primarily produced by combining water and propene in a hydration reaction. It is also produced by hydrogenating acetone.
There are two routes for the hydration process: indirect hydration via the sulfuric acid process, and direct hydration. The former process, which can use low-quality propene, predominates in the USA while the latter process, which requires high-purity propene, is more commonly used in Europe. These processes give predominantly isopropyl alcohol rather than 1-propanol because the addition of water or sulfuric acid to propene follows Markovnikov's rule.
Indirect hydration.
The indirect process reacts propene with sulfuric acid to form a mixture of sulfate esters. Subsequent hydrolysis of these esters by steam produces isopropyl alcohol, which is distilled. Diisopropyl ether is a significant by-product of this process; it is recycled back to the process and hydrolyzed to give the desired product.
Direct hydration.
Direct hydration reacts propene and water, either in gas phase or in liquid phase, at high pressures in the presence of solid or supported acidic catalysts. Higher-purity propylene (> 90%) tends to be required for this type of process.
Both processes require that the isopropyl alcohol be separated from water and other by-products by distillation. Isopropyl alcohol and water form an azeotrope and simple distillation gives a material that is 87.9% by weight isopropyl alcohol and 12.1% by weight water. Pure (anhydrous) isopropyl alcohol is made by azeotropic distillation of the wet isopropyl alcohol using either diisopropyl ether or cyclohexane as azeotroping agents.
Hydrogenation of acetone.
Crude acetone is hydrogenated in the liquid phase over Raney nickel or a mixture of copper and chromium oxide to give isopropyl alcohol. This process is useful when coupled with excess acetone production, such as the cumene process.
Uses.
In 1990, 45 thousand tonnes of isopropyl alcohol were used in the United States. The vast majority of isopropyl alcohol was used as a solvent for coatings or for industrial processes. Isopropyl alcohol in particular is popular for pharmaceutical applications, it is presumed due to the low toxicity of any residues. Some isopropyl alcohol is used as a chemical intermediate. Isopropyl alcohol may be converted to acetone, but the cumene process is more significant. In that year, a tiny fraction (5.4 tonnes) was consumed for household use and in personal care products. It is also used as a gasoline additive.
Solvent.
Isopropyl alcohol dissolves a wide range of non-polar compounds. It also evaporates quickly and is relatively non-toxic, compared to alternative solvents. Thus, it is used widely as a solvent and as a cleaning fluid, especially for dissolving oils. Together with ethanol, n-butanol, and methanol, it belongs to the group of alcohol-based solvents, about 6.4 million tonnes of which utilized worldwide in 2011.
Examples of this application include cleaning electronic devices such as contact pins (like those on ROM cartridges), magnetic tape and disk heads (such as those in audio and video tape recorders and floppy disk drives), the lenses of lasers in optical disc drives (e.g., CD, DVD) and removing thermal paste from heatsinks and IC packages (such as CPUs). Isopropyl alcohol is used in keyboard, LCD and laptop cleaning, is sold commercially as a whiteboard cleaner, and is a strong but safer alternative to common household cleaning products. It is commonly used to clean prepared optical fibers just before splicing. It is used to clean LCD and glass computer monitor screens (at some risk to the anti-reflection coating on some screens), and used to give second-hand or worn non-vinyl phonograph records newer-looking sheen. Isopropyl alcohol should not be used to clean vinyl records as it may leach plasticizer from the vinyl making it more rigid. It is effective at removing Hot-Melt Adhesive from a large variety of surfaces. It is effective at removing residual glue from some sticky labels although some other adhesives used on tapes and paper labels are resistant to it. It can also be used to remove stains from most fabrics, wood, cotton, etc. In addition, it can also be used to clean paint or other oil-based products so that they may be reused, commonly known as "repainting." It is used as a wetting agent in the fountain solution used in lithographic printing, and often used as a solvent for French polishing shellac used in cabinet making.
Intermediate.
Isopropyl alcohol is esterified to give isopropyl acetate, another solvent. It reacts with carbon disulfide and sodium hydroxide to give sodium isopropylxanthate, a herbicide and an ore flotation reagent. Isopropyl alcohol reacts with titanium tetrachloride and aluminium metal to give titanium and aluminium isopropoxides, respectively, the former a catalyst, and the latter a chemical reagent. This compound may serve as a chemical reagent in itself, by acting as a dihydrogen donor in transfer hydrogenation.
Medical.
Disinfecting pads typically contain a 60–70% solution of isopropyl alcohol in water. A 75% v/v solution in water may be used as a hand sanitizer. Isopropyl alcohol is used as a water-drying aid for the prevention of otitis externa, better known as swimmer's ear.
Early uses as an anesthetic.
Although isopropyl alcohol can be technically used for anesthesia, its many negative drawbacks prohibit this use. Isopropyl alcohol can also be used similar to ether as a solvent or as an anesthesia by inhaling the fumes or orally. Early uses included using the solvent as general anesthesia for small mammals and rodents by scientists and some veterinarians. However, it was soon discontinued, as many complications arose, including respiratory irritation, internal bleeding, and visual and hearing problems. In rare cases, respiratory failure leading to death in animals was observed. Like ether, isopropyl alcohol is also very volatile and, due to their medical complications, both are prohibited to be used for either human or animal uses, either lab or medical unless approved by IACC.
Automotive.
Isopropyl alcohol is a major ingredient in "gas dryer" fuel additives. In significant quantities, water is a problem in fuel tanks, as it separates from the gasoline, and can freeze in the supply lines at cold temperatures. It does not remove water from gasoline; rather, the alcohol solubilizes water in gasoline. Once soluble, water does not pose the same risk as insoluble water, as it will no longer accumulate in the supply lines and freeze. Isopropyl alcohol is often sold in aerosol cans as a windshield de-icer. Isopropyl alcohol is also used to remove brake fluid traces from hydraulic braking systems, so that the brake fluid (usually DOT 3, DOT 4, or mineral oil) does not contaminate the brake pads, which would result in poor braking.
Laboratory.
As a biological specimen preservative, isopropyl alcohol provides a comparatively non-toxic alternative to formaldehyde and other synthetic preservatives. Isopropyl alcohol solutions of 70–99% are used to preserve specimens.
Isopropyl alcohol is often used in DNA extraction. It is added to a DNA solution in order to precipitate the DNA into a 'pellet' after centrifuging the DNA. This is possible because DNA is insoluble in isopropyl alcohol.
Safety.
Isopropyl alcohol vapor is denser than air and is flammable with a combustible range between 2 and 12.7% in air. It should be kept away from heat and open flame. Isopropyl alcohol has also been reported to form peroxides, which may explode upon concentration. Isopropyl alcohol is a skin irritant.
Toxicology.
Isopropyl alcohol and its metabolite, acetone, act as central nervous system (CNS) depressants. Symptoms of isopropyl alcohol poisoning include flushing, headache, dizziness, CNS depression, nausea, vomiting, anesthesia, and coma. Poisoning can occur from ingestion, inhalation, or absorption; therefore, well-ventilated areas and protective gloves are recommended.
Around 15 g of isopropyl alcohol can have a toxic effect on a 70 kg human if left untreated. However, it is not nearly as toxic as methanol or ethylene glycol. Isopropyl alcohol does not cause an anion gap acidosis (in which a lowered blood serum pH causes depletion of bicarbonate anion) unlike ethanol and methanol. Isopropyl alcohol does, however, produce an osmolal gap between the calculated and measured osmolalities of serum, as do the other alcohols. Overdoses may cause a fruity odor on the breath as a result of its metabolism to acetone, which is further metabolized to produce the nutrients acetate and glucose. Isopropyl alcohol is oxidized to form acetone by alcohol dehydrogenase in the liver.
Isopropyl alcohol is denatured for certain uses, in which case the NFPA 704 rating is changed to 2,3,1. 
History.
In 1920, Standard Oil first produced isopropyl alcohol by hydrating propene. Its major use at the time was not rubbing alcohol but for oxidation to acetone, whose first major use was in World War One for the preparation of the explosive Cordite.

</doc>
<doc id="20888263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888263" title="Southern Cross Catholic College">
Southern Cross Catholic College

Southern Cross Catholic College (SCCC), opened 30 January 1995, is a co-educational school based in Redcliffe in Queensland, Australia. The college was formed out of the amalgamation of several schools on the Redcliffe Peninsula; in particular: De La Salle College - both the Junior and Secondary College (located on Scarborough Road), Frawley College (located on Scarborough Road), Soubirous College, St Bernadette's of Scarborough, Our Lady Help of Christians (of Redcliffe) and Our Lady of Lourdes (Woody Point).
History.
The school has four founders, Monsignor Frawley, John Baptist de La Salle, Daniel Delany, and Mary MacKillop. The four founders correspond to the four sports houses, Frawley (green dragons), La Salle (red lions), Delany (blue dolphins), and MacKillop (currently known as the white polar bears but previously known as the MacKillop Warriors).
Academic.
Southern Cross Catholic College consists of four schools throughout the Redcliffe peninsula: primary campuses in Scarborough, Woody Point, and Kippa-Ring, and a secondary campus in Scarborough, De La Salle campus.
Sport.
The school currently participates in inter-school sport and is strong in futsal, rugby league, basketball, Australian rules football and netball.
Houses.
The school has four sporting and cultural house groups in which the students are divided into. They are as follows:
Founders.
The school has four founders: Monsignor Frawley, John Baptist de La Salle, Daniel Delany, and Mary MacKillop. The four founders correspond to the four sports houses: Frawley (green dragons), La Salle (red lions), Delany (currently the blue dolphins but previously known as the Delany Smurfs), and MacKillop (currently known as the white polar bears but previously known as the MacKillop Warriors ).
Threat of Split.
During the school year in 1999, concern had spread amongst the college community that the school was to be split up on the basis that the school could prove more economical to run in a different fashion. This caused some concern and angst amongst the school community given the fairly recent amalgamation of several schools on the Peninsula. Indeed, only four years had passed since the school had come into being. Some had concerns that the college was to be split back into the initial schools which had been amalgamated to form the college; whilst others saw that a split between the High School and Primary School as more likely. The entire episode escalated to a stage that it engulfed the local Parish Priest at the time, Father John McKeon, who was seen as the protagonist in the threat to have the college de-amalgamated. However, as is common practice within the Catholic Church hierarchy, such a decision was never within the remit of the Parish Priest and any decision to split the college would thus have emanated from much a much higher authority within the Brisbane Catholic Archodiocese.
As it transpired, several students, teachers and parents supported the college in its current form and opposed any moves to destabilise the college and to consider de-amalgamation for purely financial objectives. With active support from the college principal at the time, Mr Paul Woodcock, it was decided by authorities that the college would remain in its amalgamated form.
College/Land Development.
Since the amalgamation in 1995, several developments have taken place in the college history as to the development of land and buildings that previously was occupied by the college. The former site of Soubirous College and St Bernadette's of Scarborough (including the chapel) have since been developed into residential housing.
The lower ovals on the De La Salle Campus have been seen the small, but beneficial, expansion of the Ballycara Nursing Home (which is an aged care facility that borders on the land with the old De La Salle Campus).
The site previously occupied by Frawley College was incorporated as part of the College in 1995 and became campus for the Senior Secondary students of Southern Cross Catholic College until it was developed in 2006 as the Australian Trade College North Brisbane.

</doc>
<doc id="20888275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888275" title="Home Movie (film)">
Home Movie (film)

Home Movie is a 2008 horror film and is the directorial debut of actor Christopher Denham.
The film received favorable reviews at Montreal’s 2008 Fantasia Film Festival. Following the final screening, bids were made on the film and IFC Entertainment acquired the U.S. rights for IFC's Festival Direct Video On Demand and DVD rights Nationwide. The film stars Adrian Pasdar, Cady McClain, Amber Joy Williams, and Austin Williams.
Synopsis.
"Home Movie" documents one family's descent into darkness through compilation of the Poe family's home-made video footage. In the remote woods of upstate New York, David (Adrian Pasdar) and Clare (Cady McClain) Poe are attempting to live an idyllic life. However, the Poe children are hiding a dark secret and something is wrong with ten-year old twins, Jack (Austin Williams) and Emily (Amber Joy Williams) Poe. To stop them, their parents must enter the nightmare of their children’s minds. As they try to regain control of the children’s lives, the pressing question becomes who will ultimately survive the battle.
Soundtrack.
The music was composed by Ryan Shore.
Reception.
Dr. Nathan of "Quiet Earth" said, "This truly disturbing movie, written and directed by Christopher Denham, is thus far the only TAD premiere Dr Nathan has experienced which actually, really gave me that deep-down visceral sense of dread and foreboding." From Dread Central: "There’s something about home videos that brings out the worst in people. I hadn’t thought of it for years, but after seeing Christopher Denham’s disturbing Home Movie, I remembered my very own forays into family camcording", "... is better written, more realistic and more disturbing than the forefather of the modern found footage horror movie, "The Blair Witch Project". In fact, "Home Movie" might just be the tautest, best acted, most tightly written and disturbing “found film” ever made!"
Release.
After screenings at multiple festivals, the rights to DVD distribution were acquired by IFC Films for the U.S. and Anchor Bay Entertainment for Canada. Sam Hamadeh acted as Executive Producer of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20888278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888278" title="A Warm Glimpse">
A Warm Glimpse

A Warm Glimpse is the first studio album released by Finnish progressive death metal band Farmakon. The album was originally released in 2003, under Earache Records. The opening track, "Loosely of Ameobas" was included on Earache's "Metal: A Headbanger's Companion II" compilation. 
The musical style mixes death metal with funk and jazz, with both clean vocals and death growls, interspersed throughout the songs, and scat singing done in both methods, on "Flavored Numerology". The style is frequently cited as being similar to the works of Opeth, Mr. Bungle, and Atheist. 
Track listing.
All music by Farmakon; Lyrics by Lassi Paunonen and Marko Eskola

</doc>
<doc id="20888280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888280" title="Fort Tolpán">
Fort Tolpán

Fort Tolpán was built in 1657, by order of governor Pedro Porter Casanate by captain Alonso de Cordova y Figueroa on the Tolpán or Trolpán River. The Tolpán River was the name at that time for what is now the lower part of the Renaico River and then the Vergara River from the confluence with the Renaico until where it empties into the Bio Bio River. Tolpán or Trolpán is a contraction of the Mapudungun "thol", "in front", and of "pagui", "lion", meaning "in front of lion". Located at the confluence of the Renaico and Vergara Rivers, captain Cordova y Figueroa used the fort to operate against the Mapuche lands round about during the Mapuche Insurrection of 1655 but it was abandoned a few years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20888285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888285" title="2007 Hamilton Tiger-Cats season">
2007 Hamilton Tiger-Cats season

The 2007 Hamilton Tiger-Cats season was the 50th season for the team in the Canadian Football League and their 58th overall. The Tiger-Cats finished in 4th place in the East Division with a 3–15–0 record and missed the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="20888309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888309" title="Copper in Africa">
Copper in Africa

Copper is one of the world's most important industrial minerals, and Africa is an important world producer. While output is traditionally dominated by Zambia, South Africa and Katanga Province in the south of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, many African nations contribute to copper production, and many African nations have undeveloped ore resources.
Cobalt, another important industrial metal, is often mined in conjunction with copper.

</doc>
<doc id="20888311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888311" title="Mount Clarence King">
Mount Clarence King

Mount Clarence King, located in the Kings Canyon National Park, is named for Clarence King, who worked on the Whitney Survey, the first geological survey of California. King later became the first chief of the United States Geological Survey.
The Peak is located along King Spur, a sub-range of the California's Sierra Nevada. It is north of Mount Cotter, northeast of Gardiner Basin, and west of Sixty Lakes Basin and the John Muir Trail. The first ascent was recorded by painter and lithographer Bolton Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="20888321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888321" title="Sanctuary (Dave Douglas album)">
Sanctuary (Dave Douglas album)

Sanctuary is the seventh album by trumpeter Dave Douglas and his second live album. It was released on the Japanese Avant label in 1997 and features performances by Douglas, Cuong Vu, Yuka Honda, Anthony Coleman, Mark Dresser, Hilliard Greene, Chris Speed and Dougie Bowne.

</doc>
<doc id="20888322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888322" title="Scrip bid">
Scrip bid

In Australia, a scrip bid is a takeover offer where shares are offered partly or wholly in place of cash. This means that, if a take over bid is accepted, shareholders in the target company will receive shares in the new merged entity. This has advantageous tax implications for investors as gains on the sale of shares acquired on or after 19 September 1985 are subject to capital gains tax. By receiving shares instead of cash the realisation of the capital asset can be delayed to take better advantage of capital loss offsets. Additionally, tax payers are only taxed on half the capital gain if they hold the asset for more than 12 months.

</doc>
<doc id="20888330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888330" title="NREGS (Kerala)">
NREGS (Kerala)

The National Rural Employment Generation Scheme (NREGS) is a recent employment scheme in India for providing 100 days guaranteed wage employment for all employment seekers above 18 years of age and willing to do work. The scheme came into force on 5 September 2005 in 199 districts in India and extended to another 130 districts later.
In Kerala, the scheme was implemented in Palakkad and Waynad districts initially on 5 February 2006 and it was extended to all the 14 districts in the State on 1 April 2008. Kerala is a tiny state in India with very high unemployment - most of them are educated - in the country. Around five lakh people among them are estimated to have willingness to do physical labour. NREGS is a substantial boost in income and purchasing power. The scheme now provides Rs 164 (National wage rate is Rs 60/- only) per person for a stipulated quantity of manual labour offered as registered worker in the local governments in Kerala.
Features of the scheme.
• Local governments are given a central role in the planning and implementation of NREGA ( National Rural Employment Guarantee Act 2005) and are the sole agencies responsible for implementation of local development projects under the scheme in Kerala 
• Engineering support is put in place. In addition to one diploma/degree holder working on contract at the level of the Village Panchayat, there is a system of accredited engineers. Such engineers are drawn from amongst retired engineers, staff working in Engineering Colleges, Polytechnics/ ITIs, engineers working in NGOs etc. These engineers are paid for their work, at rates fixed by Government. The engineer from a government department or agency, willing to help the Village Panchayat over and above his normal work, is allowed and paid at 50% of the rate applicable to others.
• Technical Sanction of the work is given not by individual engineers, but by a Technical Committee of engineers which includes a government engineer, a retired engineer and an engineer working in an academic institution for the purposes of transparency.
• An appellate system has been put in place at the district level to facilitate speedy sorting out of disputes. 
• To mobilize the workers and the public and to assist the local governments in carrying out its duties, Village Panchayats have been given the freedom to identify one public servant of their choice having the time and inclination to do social work from any government department are posted on working arrangement as NREGS co-coordinators.
• Kudumbasree is given in the implementation of the programme. Under Kudumbasree every family below poverty line is organized into a Neighbourhood Group (NHG) at the local level consisting of 15 to 40 families with each family being represented only by a woman. The NHGs are federated into an Area Development Society (ADS) at the level of the Ward of the Village Panchayat (a Village Panchayat Ward in Kerala has a population of around 1500 to 2000). The ADSs in a Village Panchayat are federated into a registered body called the Community Development Society (CDS). Each NHG, ADS and CDS has five volunteers carrying out different functional roles.
• The ADS has been entrusted with the task of organizing public works under NREGS. Muster Rolls and other records are maintained by the ADS, implements are provided to labourers by them and the transparency and monitoring requirements are also carried out by them. Welfare amenities to the workers are also provided by the ADS. Since ADS is an organization of the poor and is basically a woman's group, there has been greater sensitivity and community participation in the implementation process. 
• The estimates are summarized in the local language so as to be understood by ordinary people. At the beginning of every work, the nature of work, expected out turn and the likely wages are explained to the workers' groups.
• Since Kerala has limited public land, the eco-restoration works are selected for in degraded forest lands. Village Panchayats would implement the programme in forest areas with the technical supervision being done by field level officials of the Forest Department representing a new kind of relationship between a Panchayat Raj Institution and a government department. 
• The road works has been limited to 10% of the total expenditure and to give special priority to integrated watershed development works.
Major advantages.
Compared to the earlier wage employment programmes such as NREGA, RLEGP, JRY, EAS, SGRY, IRDP, SGSY there are significant achievements under NREGS due to the combination of transparent processes and procedures, local action and constant vigilance. The implementation of NREGA has been comparatively corruption free. 
The factors contributing to this situation include: -
§ A clear political decision was conveyed to the Panchayats that the scheme has to be implemented strictly as per the laws in force. The argument for an asset focused programme ignoring the processes and conforming to the procedures on paper,was rejected. The argument that Kerala would lose out as the demand for unskilled labour is very limited and as the wages are much higher than the statutory minimum wages in more than 90% of the State, it would be better to go for public works, was rejected.
§ The work is organized through the Kudumbashree system and the poor have a stake in the work right at the beginning.
§ The technocratic power to accord Technical Sanction, measure works and recommend payments has been made more spread out and accountable through the Committee system.In case of difference of opinion the appellate system would be resorted to.
§ Special emphasis has been given to the rights of workers and they have been made fully aware of their entitlements. 
§ All the payments are made only through the individual bank accounts of workers. This is the ultimate preventer of corruption.
Yet there are apprehensions that once material purchase starts, corruption would come in, in some form or the other. The state is earnestly put in a system which deters corruption.
Women empowerment.
Implementation of NREGA has contributed to very high levels of women empowerment, particularly in the following aspects.
• As the work is organized by women’s groups, the gender perspective gets built in automatically.
• As women are comfortable working along with their neighbourers, nearly 80% of the workers have been women.
• For the first time equal wages are really paid and this has boosted the earnings of women.
• As the wages are paid into Bank accounts the habit of thrift which was already incalculated through the Kudumbashree experiment has further been strengthened.
• As the Bank deposits are increasing, the intra-household status of the woman has also been improving commensurately as she controls substantial cash resources and withdrawal can be only on her decision.
Systems and procedures.
NREGS can give rise to a new work culture. The workers were hitherto controlled by contractors and their middlemen who knew how to extract work. When NREGS began the out-turn was very poor as the workers could not be supervised properly. But soon the workers themselves realized that they would be losing collectively and a new internal dynamics evolved with peer pressure forcing workers to put in their maximum effort. At the same time a kind of social responsibility also became evident as more capable workers became more than willing to put in extra effort to make up for those who genuinely could not do hard work beyond a point, like the women and the elderly.
Public works have gained respectability. Hitherto they were seen as highjacked either by a contractor or a local leader. Now the workers see it as their right. They tend to distinguish between wages provided by a contractor and wages directly given by the Panchayat. The latter is almost equated with a salary. This has motivated a large section of people who were hitherto unwilling to work into join the work force. 
There was an interesting instance of a penurious descendant of the erstwhile Kollengode royal family in Palakkad taking an active part in NREGS and even motivating her relatives to join on the logic that self-help and access to legally entitled emoluments from a public source is better than charity from relatives
Integration with other activities.
A strong natural resource management focus has been given to NREGS. Bharathapuzha River rejuvenation with action plans emanating from the Village Panchayat as building blocks was taken up as a mega project under the scheme.
Attempt is on to integrate NREGS and People’s Plan. Village Panchayats get more than Rs.1 crore on an average under People’s Plan. If intelligently dovetailed it is expected that substantial improvement in quality of assets can be attained. In order to overcome the problem of shortage of technical staff, it has been decided to rope in voluntary services of reputed non-government organizations.
Using the excellent network of Kudumbashree it has been decided in the State Employment Guarantee Council to develop a cadre of bare-foot technical volunteers from among the poor women.
In order to develop the skills of the workers it has been decided to set up Labour Banks. A pilot has been launched in one Village Panchayat. The Labour Banks would be supported under People’s Plan to take up other public works and even private works.
It is well-nigh impossible to identify works in the plantation areas as well as in the coastal areas. It has been decided to seek the expert support from Government of India to come out with a shelf of projects which can be taken up in such geographical areas.
An innovative form of training has been developed by Kerala Institute of Local Administration (KILA) where there is a shift from the cascading model to a “ripple” model, according to which outstanding Panchayats become the master trainers and the neighbouring Panchayats formally learn from the experience of the best performers.
Monitoring has been strengthened with the decision of the State Employment Guarantee Council to put in a system of State level and District level quality Monitors by identifying persons with reputation for integrity and competence. 
The State level Monitors would be of two categories – outstanding individuals whose views are widely respected by society and senior Technical Experts capable of giving authoritative feed back on the quality of implementation. Further the State Employment Guarantee Council has decided to request a team consisting of eminent experts to conduct an independent assessment of Kerala’s performance and offer suggestions for improvement.
A good beginning.
Though there were several teething problems it is clear that the policy focus on natural resource management and corruption-free implementation and the administrative measures introduced to operationalise the policy especially the involvement of the Kudumbasree network have resulted in a strong foundation being laid and opened up space for pro-poor innovations.
NREGS has suddenly increased purchasing power of the poor and there is visible local economic development. This is particularly true of Wayanad which was ridden with farmer suicides. The peasants have managed to get substantial relief from NREGS by getting over their inhibition in working as labourers in richer farmer’s lands by moving on to the now-respectable public works.
A recent study conducted by Chathukulam and Gireesan, of Centre for Rural Management ( CRM) indicated that major defects identified during previous wage employment programmes were absent in the NREGS in the State and provision of equal wages to men and women, non-involvement of contractors, very limited use of machinery, adherence to wage- material ratio etc. were followed and the absence of muster roll manipulations was absent in the execution of the program in the initial two districts of Palakkad and Wayanad.

</doc>
<doc id="20888332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888332" title="SS Masuren">
SS Masuren

Masuren was a 2,385 ton cargo ship which was built in 1935. She was seized by Britain in 1945 and renamed Empire Annan. In 1950 she was renamed Thomas N Epiphaniades and then Helga Böge in 1952. In 1959, she was renamed Fuhlsbüttel. She served until 1964 when she was scrapped in Bremerhaven.
History.
"Masuren" was built by Schichau GmbH Abt. Schiffswerft, Danzig as yard number 1349. The exact date of her launch is unrecorded although she was completed in October 1935. "Masuren" was powered by a four-cylinder compound steam engine and could make 12 knots. She was owned by Kohlen-Import & Poseidon Schiffahrt AG and homeported at Königsberg. "Masuren" served for ten years until she was seized in Copenhagen by the United Kingdom at the end of the Second World War in 1945. Her homeport had been changed to Nordenham in that year. Ownership passed to the Ministry of War Transport and she was renamed "Empire Annan". She operated under the management of Crosby, Sons & Co and was homeported in London.
In 1947, "Empire Annan" passed to the United States Maritime Commission, New York who sold her in 1948 to Fanmaur Shipping & Trading Co, New York in 1948. They sold her in 1950 to Thomas N Epiphaniades, Volos, Greece who renamed her "Thomas N Epiphaniades". In 1952, "Thomas N Epiphaniades" was sold to Johann M K Blumenthal, Hamburg and renamed "Helga Böge". She served with them for seven years and was sold at auction in 1959 to Koehn & Bohlmann Reederei KG, Hamburg. She was renamed "Fuhlsbüttel" in 1960, serving for a further four years until 1964 when she was scrapped in Bremerhaven.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Masuren" used the Code Letters DADE when homeported in Königsberg and DHQZ when homeported in Nordenhamn. "Empire Annan" had the UK Official Number 180633 and used the Code Letters GLTG.

</doc>
<doc id="20888338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888338" title="Blagovica">
Blagovica

Blagovica () is a village in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Blagovica lies between the Radomlja River and Zlatenščica Creek and is the local center of the east-central part of the Radomlja Valley (also known as the Black Valley, ) with a primary school, a post office, a bar, a gas station and a parish church. The village also has several organizations, including the Blagovica Volunteer Fire Department, the Blagovica Hiking Club, the Blagovica Cultural Society, the Blagovica Rural Youth Organisation, and the Trojane–Blagovica Rural Women's Society.
Blagovica is also the seat of the Parish of Blagovica and Blagovica Local Community, which was an independent municipality until 1959 but then became a part of the Municipality of Domžale. Since 1995 the community has been part of the Municipality of Lukovica.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Peter.

</doc>
<doc id="20888340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888340" title="Henry V, Duke of Legnica">
Henry V, Duke of Legnica

Henry V the Fat (, ) ( – 22 February 1296) was a Duke of Jawor (Jauer) from 1273, of Legnica (Liegnitz) from 1278, and also Duke of Wrocław (Breslau) from 1290.
He was the eldest son of Bolesław II the Bald, Duke of Legnica by his first wife, Hedwig, daughter of Henry I, Count of Anhalt.
Life.
Early Years. Duke of Jawor, Battle of Stolec.
Little is known about the earliest years of Henry's life. As a youth, he was present at the court of King Ottokar II of Bohemia in Prague, where he became a knight.
In 1273, Henry's father gave him the town of Jawor (Jauer) as an independent duchy. Four years later, Henry's father Bolesław II the Bald, acting on behalf of his ally, king Rudolph of Habsburg, kidnapped his own nephew Henry IV, the ruler of the Duchy of Wrocław. This act aroused the anger of the nobility in Lesser Poland and the neighbors of Henry IV, who then organized an expedition to free him and punish Bolesław. At the head of the Greater Poland-Głogów-Wroclaw coalition were Dukes Przemysł II of Greater Poland and Henry III of Głogów. The armies fought at Ząbkowice Śląskie near Stolec. This was one of the most bloody battles of the Polish Middle Ages. In the course of battle, Bolesław, suspecting that the battle was about to be lost, fled the field. However, at this point the young Henry led a charge, turned the tide and achieved a great victory, taking both Dukes Przemysł II and Henry III as prisoners. Thanks to the action of the young Duke of Jauer, his father and family were saved from disastrous defeat.
Death of Bolesław II the Bald. Henry V, Duke of Legnica.
Bolesław II died on 26 December 1278 and Henry was now able to succeeded him as a Duke in Legnica. Shortly afterwards, Henry in turn gave lands to his younger brothers: Bolko I and Bernard received Jawor and Lwówek as co-rulers, but Henry retained the town of Środa Śląska, a town obtained in 1277 in exchange of Henry IV's freedom.
Henry continued the hostile relations with the other Piast Silesian Dukes characteristic of his father's rule. In 1281 he committed the mistake of accepting the invitation of Henry IV Probus to a meeting in Sądowel. Henry IV imprisoned the Duke of Legnica together with his former allies Henry III of Głogów and Przemysł II of Greater Poland, in order to obtain political concessions from them. Henry regained his freedom only in return for the recognition of Henry IV as Duke of Wrocław. However, Henry IV couldn't maintain his sovereignty for too long, because immediately the Duke of Legnica began close communication with the King Wenceslaus II of Bohemia, who asserted his own claim to that land.
Henry V, Duke of Wroclaw. War with Henry III of Głogów.
On 23 June 1290 Henry IV Probus died suddenly, supposedly poisoned. In his testament, the late duke named Henry III of Głogów as his heir. That decision, however, was opposed by the Wrocław nobility and townspeople, who feared that the Duke of Głogów would be a harsh ruler. The power of the city was sufficient to force Henry III to flee. Thereafter, the citizens invited Henry V to take the place of Henry III.
Henry III, however, refused to step aside and began to take by force his inheritance, and war followed which saw territories change hands back and forth.
Henry couldn't prevent the next move of the Duke of Głogów. On 11 November 1293 Henry was betrayed by Lutka Zdzieszyca, son of a Wrocław noble whom Henry had earlier sentenced to death. Lutka captured him and gave to Duke Henry III, who put him in prison for almost six months. Henry V only obtained his freedom after surrendering the towns of Namysłów, Bierutów, Oleśnica, Kluczbork, Byczyna, Wołczyn, Olesno, Chojnów, and Bolesławiec with their respectives fortresses to Henry III, paying of a ransom of 30,000 pieces and promising to assist the Duke of Głogów for the next five years in all his wars.
During his imprisonment in Głogów, Henry's brother Bolko I was named regent of his states. In 1291, Henry V gave him the towns of Świdnica (Schweidnitz), Ziębice, Ząbkowice Śląskie, and Strzelin as a price for his help against Henry III.
Death and legacy.
Because of the conditions of his confinement (he was locked in an iron cage), Henry was ill after his release and indeed until his death. He never recovered his health, and seems to have known that he was not going to live much longer. Fearing for the future of his duchy, in 1294 he decided to put himself under the protection of the Holy See.
Henry died on 22 February 1296 and was buried in the monastery of the Poor Clares at Wroclaw. At this time, all his sons were minors, and because of this, they were put under the tutelage of his brother Bolko.
Marriage and issue.
Around 1273, Henry married Elisabeth (c. 1263 – 28 September 1304), daughter of Boleslaw the Pious, Duke of Greater Poland. They had eight children:

</doc>
<doc id="20888379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888379" title="California Department of Justice">
California Department of Justice

The California Department of Justice is the department in the California executive branch under the leadership of the California Attorney General.
Description.
It has 5344 employees and a budget of $791 million. Among its major divisions and bureaus are:
Besides its support of the California Attorney General's work, the Department is frequently mentioned in the newsmedia for (among other activities):

</doc>
<doc id="20888401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888401" title="Augustin Bernal Park">
Augustin Bernal Park

Augustin Bernal Park is a park in the hills southwest of Pleasanton, California.
The park was donated to the city in 1971 by Walter S. Johnson, and connects to Pleasanton Ridge Regional Park. The hike up the Valley View Trail features panoramic views of the city of Pleasanton.
Access to the park's public staging area is through a gated community, Golden Eagle Farms. Pleasanton residents can show proof of residency to get past the community's gate at Golden Eagle Way and Foothill Road; non-residents can obtain a one week permit at Pleasanton's Department of Parks and Community Services.

</doc>
<doc id="20888413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888413" title="Force lines">
Force lines

Force lines method is used in Solid Mechanics for visualization of internal forces in a deformed body. A force line represents graphically the internal force acting within a body across imaginary internal surfaces. The force lines show the maximal internal forces and their directions.
Force Lines Drawing.
The procedure for determining the force lines consists of two stages:
1) Defining the internal surface. The surface is perpendicular to maximum principal stress in every point of the solid.
2) Integration of internal stresses on the surface. Stress is a measure of the average amount of force exerted per unit area. The stress distribution can be obtained from known theoretical or numerical (Finite element method) analysis. 
The researcher who builds up the force lines can choose a magnitude of the internal force and the initial border where the drawing procedure starts.
Figure 1 shows an example of force lines in a body with a hole under tension. The force lines are denser near the hole. The visualization helps to explain the stress concentration.
Figure 2 shows the force lines in a body with a crack. The cracks are the most dangerous stress concentrator: the intensity of the force lines is high in the crack tip (see Fracture mechanics). 
Figure 3 shows the case of pure bending of a beam with rectangular cross section. There are no internal forces at the neutral axis of the beam. The tensile and compressive force lines are symmetrical and are denser at the beam’s edge.
Application.
The force lines pictures are used for 
1) Analysis of stress concentration (Figure1 and Figure 2): the number of the force lines increases in areas with stress concentration.
2) Optimization of structures: reinforcing the structure in the areas with concentration of force lines and deleting the components where there are no force lines. 
Figure 4 shows 2 examples of old and new structures. The force lines distribution is more efficient for the second case. 
The visualization of force lines is a qualitative method, which is used as a supplementary method to the stress analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="20888423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888423" title="The Best (Dan Seals album)">
The Best (Dan Seals album)

The Best is the first greatest hits compilation from country music artist Dan Seals. It features his highest charting songs from his previous four albums beginning with Rebel Heart (1983). The album has been certified platinum. The new track, "One Friend" was originally found on his 1984 album "San Antone", and was re-recorded for this album, and was released as a single and became his seventh number one song in a row.

</doc>
<doc id="20888437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888437" title="Convergence (Net-25 program)">
Convergence (Net-25 program)

Convergence is a 30-minute television program in the Philippines featuring the latest tech buzz, new websites, answers tech questions, new game releases, and celebrities who have converged with technology. The show airs every Saturday at 8:00 pm (12:00 NN UTC) on Net 25, and it is hosted by Nikki Veron Cruz, Kyle Nofuente, Christopher Wong while the Net25 U.S. bureau handles hosting chores for the segments E-mail 4 Help, Gamelab, and Web Watch respectively.
History.
Convergence launched last July 2000 coinciding Net 25's launch as the first and only I.T. station in the country. Since then until now, Convergence is the consistent holder of the first and premier I.T. show in the Philippines. Through the years, Convergence continues to give you updates in the world of information technology, the latest games and useful sites, latest gadgets, and answers to all the tech questions. Truly indeed, it is still the first and only I.T. show in the country where Filipinos inform all of the latest about info-tech.

</doc>
<doc id="20888446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888446" title="Dominic &quot;The Doginator&quot; Cardo">
Dominic &quot;The Doginator&quot; Cardo

Dominic “The Doginator” Cardo is a competitive eater and a member of the International Federation of Competitive Eating (IFOCE). In 2001, he was featured on Glutton Bowl where he took first place in pickled cow tongue. Dominic is currently the IFOCE record holder for whole pickled beef tongue, at 3 pounds 3 ounces in 12 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="20888479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888479" title="Martin Dunne">
Martin Dunne

Martin Dunne (born 1887, date of death unknown) was an English footballer who played one season as a forward in the Southern League for Southampton.
Football career.
Dunne was born in Padiham, near Burnley and after playing for Oswaldtwistle Rovers and Accrington Stanley in the Lancashire Combination, he moved to the south coast in May 1910 to join Southern League Southampton. At Southampton, he ""immediately created a favourable impression"" in pre-season matches and scored on his debut in a 2–3 defeat at Luton Town on 3 September 1910, followed by a goal in a 3–0 victory over Portsmouth on 10 September.
He was ""exceptionally quick off the mark"" and a superb sprinter, who was able to use his speed ""with admirable effect"". By the end of the 1910–11 season he had scored nine league goals, making him joint top-scorer with Harry Brown, although his final tally could have been significantly higher had a foot injury not hampered his form towards the end of the season.
In the summer of 1911, he returned to his native Lancashire to join his Southampton team-mate, John Johnston at Stalybridge Celtic.

</doc>
<doc id="20888482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888482" title="Netrocoryne">
Netrocoryne

Netrocoryne is a genus of skipper butterflies (family Hesperiidae). It belongs to the tribe Tagiadini of subfamily Pyrginae.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="20888486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888486" title="D. J. Harper">
D. J. Harper

Damon "D.J." Harper (born September 21, 1989 in Houston, Texas) is an American football running back who is currently a free agent. In college he played for the Boise State University Broncos football team.
High school career.
Harper was a two-sport letterman at Cypress Creek High School, lettering in football three times and track and field twice. He was a three-time unanimous first-team all-district (Cypress-Fairbanks Independent School District) pick, team captain twice and team MVP once. He was named Houston Chronicle Player of the Week, Texas High School Athlete of the Week and finalist for Houston Touchdown Club. As a senior he rushed for 1,570 yards and 21 touchdowns on 212 carries with 18 receptions for 160 yards. He finished his high school career with 3,900 total yards. After high school, he attended Boise State on a football scholarship.
College career.
Freshman Season.
During Harper's freshman year on the Boise State team, he had the sixth-best rushing season by a freshman, and the fourth-best by a true freshman, with 376 yards and five touchdowns, despite missing the last two regular season games. He became the first Boise State true freshman since 1988 to rush for more than 100 yards in a game, when he gained 153 yards and a touchdown at Fresno State. He scored a touchdown for the team in their game against East Carolina at the Hawaii Bowl. He finished the year with 6 touchdowns, 376 rushing yards on 87 carries, all career highs. He also had 3 receptions for 13 yards.
Sophomore Season.
During Harper's 2nd season at Boise State, he received less carries in a crowded backfield that featured running backs Ian Johnson, Jeremy Avery], and Doug Martin. The highlights for his sophomore campaign include a 2 touchdown performance against Louisiana Tech and 67 rushing yards on just 7 carries. He finished the season with 55 carries for 265 yards and 4 touchdowns.
Junior Season.
Prior to the season, D.J. Harper was labeled as the fastest player on the Boise State Broncos football team with an astounding 4.34 40 yard dash time. During Harper's junior season at Boise State in 2009, he received many more carries than in previous years, mainly due to the departure of Ian Johnson for the NFL, and Doug Martin moving to defense. In week 1 against the Oregon Ducks, he had 19 carries for 88 yards and a touchdown, in addition to a 33 yard rush. In week 2 against the Miami (OH) RedHawks, Harper rushed 13 times for 89 yards and a touchdown, with a rushing long of 32 yards. In week 3 at the Fresno State Bulldogs, Harper rushed 12 times for 107 yards and a touchdown through most of the game. However, during the game he suffered a season ending ACL injury, derailing the leading rusher for Boise State's season. He finished the year with a career high 6.5 yards per rush. He was later granted a medical redshirt, leaving him with 2 years of eligibility remaining in his career.
Redshirt Junior Season.
Harper came into his second junior season low on the depth chart, despite his surge in the off-season to rehab a knee injury sustained in a game in the previous season. In week 1 against the Virginia Tech Hokies, Harper rushed 4 times for 80 yards and a career high 71 yard rush for a touchdown. In week 2 against the Wyoming Cowboys, Harper rushed 11 times for 59 yards and a touchdown. Through 2 games, he averaged 9.3 yards per rush, with 15 rushes for 139 yards and 2 touchdowns. During the 3rd game of the season, against visiting Oregon State, Harper again suffered a season ending ACL injury.
Professional career.
San Francisco 49ers.
On May 7, 2013, Harper was signed by the San Francisco 49ers as an undrafted free agent. On August 26, 2013, he was waived by the 49ers.

</doc>
<doc id="20888498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888498" title="Chaetocneme">
Chaetocneme

Chaetocneme is genus of skipper butterflies (family Hesperiidae). It belongs to the tribe Tagiadini of subfamily Pyrginae. 
The genus was established in 1860 with ""Chaetocneme corvus"" – then newly described as it was believed – as the type species. However, the same species was already described by Pieter Cramer in 1775 under the name ""Papilio helirius"". Thus, the type species is nowadays called "Chaetocneme helirius".

</doc>
<doc id="20888503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888503" title="Charles Bunning">
Charles Bunning

Charles R. Bunning (1 March 1905 – 3 June 1994) was a West Australian businessman who played an early significant role in the development of major retailer Bunnings.
Charles was a son of Robert Bunning, an English migrant who, with his brother Arthur, formed Bunning Brothers in 1886. The firm developed into one of Australia’s largest timber companies.
Charles and his brothers Joe and Tom enlarged the business after their father's death. They made bricks and during World War II joined the rival Perth group Millars at the request of the federal Ministry of Munitions. As shipbuilders they built the small snake boats used by Z force to land on Japanese-occupied land in Asia.
Bunnings rode the post-War housing boom to become the largest logging operators in Australia. Charles was prominent in the Association of Sawmillers and Timber Merchants during the 1950s and, as president of the Employers Federation, championed the cause of greater national and international investment in West Australian industry.
Charles was instrumental in the construction of the Donnelly River Mill, south-west of Bridgetown, and the Gascoyne River Bridge, 13 km north-east of Carnarvon. Both structures are on the Heritage Council of Western Australia’s register of heritage places.
In 1931 Charles married noted WA artist Elizabeth Blair Barber (1909–2001) in Melbourne, who portrayed scenes of the south-west timber industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20888533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888533" title="Brdo pri Lukovici">
Brdo pri Lukovici

Brdo pri Lukovici () is a small settlement next to Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Brdo was first mentioned in written sources under the German name "Ekk" in the 14th century, and as "Ekch" or "Egk" in the 15th century. The name of the settlement was changed from "Brdo" to "Brdo pri Lukovici" in 1953.
Brdo Castle.
Brdo Castle, also known as the Kersnik Manor (), is located in the settlement. A castle was first mentioned at Brdo in the 15th century but was destroyed in the peasant uprising of 1515. The current structure is a 16th-century castle that was built by the Counts of Lamberg. A plaque above the entry is dated 1552 and bears the Lamberg coat of arms and a German inscription: "The noble Hans von Lamberg, owner of Črnelo and Mengeš, started building this castle, and then by God's will it was completed by his son Andreas von Lamberg of Črnelo and Jablje." Ownership of the castle changed several times in the 17th century. In 1622 the Lambergs pledged it to Anton Pečovič, and two years later to J. Jožef Taller. It was damaged in the peasant uprising of 1635. It was then inherited by J. Ludvik, Count of Hohenwart and subsequently sold to F. Ernest, Baron of Apfaltrern. The Apfaltrerns owned the castle until the mid-18th century. After the death of the last Apfaltrern, the castle was inherited by F. Bernard, Count of Lamberg, and then by his son F. Adam. In 1803 his successor Janez Nepomuk sold the castle to Janez Burger. It was then inherited by his daughter Ivana Burger Höffern, who remained the owner until 1879. From 1867 until the Second World War it housed the local court (with offices on the second floor in the northern part), revenue offices, and prison (located in the cellar in the southern part).
The Slovene writer and politician Janko Kersnik was born at the castle in 1852 and was also its owner from 1883 until his death in 1897. Ownership then passed to Kersnik's mother Berta Höffern Kersnik, and then to his son Anton Kersnik in 1911. In 1941 the German authorities arrested inhabitants and sent them to Serbia, expropriated the castle and headquartered a German police and military unit in it.
The castle was burned down by the Partisans in 1943. After the end of the Second World War the authorities refused permission to its owners to restore the castle. The building was therefore left without a roof, and it rapidly began to deteriorate and only the exterior walls now remain. In 1994 a conservation program was adopted for the ruins. The current owner of the structure is Kersnik's grandson Franc Kersnik.
On southwest watchtower there is a relief with portrait of Janko Kersnik.

</doc>
<doc id="20888539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888539" title="LARP Alliance, Inc.">
LARP Alliance, Inc.

LARP Alliance, Inc. is a non-profit organization based in the US, which was established in order to improve communication, support, and education regarding Live Action Roleplaying (LARP) throughout the entire community and with the general public. Programs and events designed to achieve this are run often and the LARP Alliance assists others by providing staff, props, resource materials, and contributing donated promotional items. The company exists to motivate and inspire the LARP community and bridge the gap to bring in new LARPers.
History.
Prior to achieving non-profit status, the company goals had already been enacted and carried out regularly by the founders, Rick McCoy (LARP Historian, Weapon-maker, Game Mechanics/Rules Designer, Promoter) and Adrianne Grady (Game Designer, Promoter, Artist) independently. It was in 2001 that the original mission statement, "Uniting the Hobby One LARP At a Time", was developed by Rick McCoy. In 2003, Adrianne Grady began working with Rick McCoy to establish future goals after the founders made contact. And in 2004, Rick McCoy, Adrianne Grady, and Chris Vrem (creator of "Vrem Blades", the well-known weapon-making style of the IFGS LARPs united to establish the LARP Alliance entity. The mission statement was later evolved by the LARP Alliance, just after the company became a corporation, into the present mission statement, "To strengthen and bring together LARPers by developing resources for players and staff; assisting with promotions, venues, and organizing community events; and facilitating education and training.
Media Assistance.
The LARP Alliance, and Co-Founder, Adrianne Grady are credited with assisting Universal Studios and David Wain with the comedy movie Role Models. Rick McCoy and Adrianne Grady also assisting Joe Lynch with the horror/adventure movie Knights of Badassdom. LARP Alliance brought Iron Liege (a US-based LARP weapon and gear manufacturer) into the project to provide the majority of all on-screen weapons and shields used by the lead characters and LARPer extras. LARP Alliance, Inc. assisted in providing a number of real LARPers hired onto the movie project, arriving from all over the world, to be extras. LARPs represented by those real LARPers include the [NERO, Maelstrom, Dagorhir, Adventures Unlimited / Realms of Conflict, Eidolon, Apocalarp, Amtgard, and more.
Adrianne Grady, Rick McCoy, and the LARP Alliance have also assisted other productions including the movie Lloyd the Conqueror, Tosh.0 show and G4, WebTV, History Channel, Spike TV, Boing BoingTV, the band A Hawk and A Hacksaw's "Cervantine" music video, and Sony PlayStation: God of War II.
LARPMedia.com was developed and implemented for the community by the LARP Alliance to showcase LARP-related media such as movies, episodics, music videos, and other productions.
Their work has included assisting LARPers with their on-camera presence, alerting them to media opportunities such as television shows, documentaries, music videos, and movies, and connecting LARPs and LARPers with legal advisors. They have also brought together LARP-artisans (costumers, weapon and propmakers) with media project directors. Additionally, the LARP Alliance assists in the enhancement of the LARP community's visual and audio presentation within itself and to the general public by use of special videos and photography.
In-game tools.
The Adventurer's Guild (aka The Academy) is an in-game and in-character assistant directed at newbies (new LARPers or those new to a specific game system). This traveling unit provides game rules instructions and character skill practice, teaches strategy/battle prep, all while keeping players in-character and giving them each specific character plot.
Other contributions.
They have contributed hundreds of weapons and props/sets/effects to LARP functions and players in order to showcase new product and provide gear to those who have none. They often are known to contribute other items and labor such as food, cooking and construction labor, and talent (musicians, actors, dancers, etc.) to enhance the atmosphere of the games.

</doc>
<doc id="20888540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888540" title="M. R. Rangaswami">
M. R. Rangaswami

M.R. (Madhavan) Rangaswami is a software executive, investor, entrepreneur, corporate eco-strategy expert, community builder and philanthropist. Recognized as a software business expert, he participated in the rapid expansion of the Silicon Valley software industry during his tenure as an executive at both large and small software companies. In 1997, he co-founded "Sand Hill Group", one of the earliest “angel” investment firms, and in 2007.
Sand Hill Group.
In 1997, Rangaswami partnered with Constantin Delvanis to form "Sand Hill Group", a software consulting and investment group. The firm was one of the early “angel investors” in the Silicon Valley. Companies in which Sand Hill Group has invested include NeoForma, Niku, Crossworlds, Luminate, Cord Blood Registry, and most recently, Adchemy, BDNA, Vysr, and Supercool School. Sand Hill Group has also become known for its community building activities in the software industry. The firm produced the Enterprise and Software (now owned by CMP Technology) conference series and publishes "sandhill.com", an online resource for software business strategy.
Corporate Eco Forum.
In 2007, M.R. embarked on a new venture as the founder of the Corporate Eco Forum, an invitation-only membership organization for Global 500 companies that demonstrate a serious commitment to environment as a business strategy issue. CEF’s mission is to help accelerate sustainable business innovation by creating the best neutral space for business leaders to strategize and exchange best-practice insights. Members represent 18 industries and have combined revenues exceeding $3 trillion.
In addition to the annual meeting, the CEF authors a series of research reports on corporate sustainability and publishes The EcoInnovator Blog as well as a weekly newsletter which summarizes the latest eco-business news.
Indiaspora.
Under the auspices of the SHG Foundation, Rangaswami founded Indiaspora to unite Indian Americans and to transform their success into meaningful impact in India and on the global stage. In September 2012, Indiaspora's inaugural Forum hosted 100 leaders from all constituencies of the Indian American community, including CEOs, activists, academics, journalists, financiers and diplomats. The weekend event energized the community and be a catalyst to transform the success of Indian Americans into meaningful impact in India and on the global stage.
In January 2013 Indiaspora hosted the first ever Indian American Ball for the President of the United States. Indiaspora members and a sold out crowd of 1,200 Indian Americans joined politicians, policy makers and other guests and celebrated the accomplishments of the 3 million strong community. 

</doc>
<doc id="20888557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888557" title="What I Need to Do">
What I Need to Do

"What I Need To Do" is a song written by Tom Damphier and Bill Luther, and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Chesney. It was released in January 2000 as the fourth and final single from Chesney's album "Everywhere We Go". It peaked at number 8 in the United States, and number 13 in Canada in 2000.
Content.
The song describes the narrator thinking about what he needs to do as he is driving away from his old hometown away from his former lover. He also thinks that he should turn his car around and go back to his lover, then hold her, and then tell her how sorry he is for what he did.

</doc>
<doc id="20888559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888559" title="Brezovica pri Zlatem Polju">
Brezovica pri Zlatem Polju

Brezovica pri Zlatem Polju () is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Brezovica" to "Brezovica pri Zlatem Polju" in 1953. In the 19th century the German name was "Bresowitz".

</doc>
<doc id="20888602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888602" title="Exometoeca nycteris">
Exometoeca nycteris

Exometoeca is a genus of skipper butterflies (family Hesperiidae). It belongs to the tribe Tagiadini of subfamily Pyrginae.
It is monotypic, with the only species being Exometoeca nycteris. ""Exometoeca" rafflesia", the Regent Skipper of Australia, is now in "Euschemon".

</doc>
<doc id="20888605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888605" title="Capital Express (India)">
Capital Express (India)

The Capital Express train runs between New Jalpaiguri (Station Code : NJP), in West Bengal and Danapur (Station Code : DNR), a satellite town of Patna in Bihar for three days in a week. For the other four days the train connects Kamakhya, Guwahati (Station Code : KYQ) and Danapur.

</doc>
<doc id="20888606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888606" title="Jake Hamilton">
Jake Hamilton

Jake Hamilton (born January 18, 1988) is an American reporter, former film critic, and documentary producer. Formerly a teen film critic for the "Houston Chronicle" and the "HoustonPBS" talk show "The After Party", he now hosts the film review segment "Jake's Takes", produced by KRIV-TV (FOX Houston).
Hamilton is a member of the Broadcast Film Critics Association.
Career.
Hamilton began his career as a film critic in print at the age of 14, writing for the "Houston Chronicle" in 2002 while still attending Seabrook Intermediate School. While writing for the "Chronicle", Hamilton was criticized for his inclusion of R-rated films in his "Top 10 Films of the Year" lists. He continued with the "Houston Chronicle" until he graduated from Clear Lake High School (Houston, Texas) in 2006.
Later in 2006, Hamilton, 18, was brought on as the film critic for the late night talk show, "The After Party", hosted by Ernie Manouse. The show received positive reviews from both critics and audiences alike, and was nominated for a "Best Entertainment/Variety program" Emmy in its first season. The program ended its run after over 50 episodes on November 15, 2006.
After "The After Party" ended, Ernie Manouse brought on Hamilton to help produce the HoustonPBS documentary, "The Last 24". Covering the last 24 hours before the opening of a contemporary dance company's latest production, the documentary was met with critical praise when in aired in August 2007. "The Last 24" would eventually garner Hamilton, 20, an Emmy nomination in September 2008.
In 2008, Hamilton began hosting the film review segment "Jake's Takes" on KHOU-TV (CBS Houston). Reviewing films, covering international film festivals and interviewing celebrities like Tom Cruise, Meryl Streep, and Will Smith. "Jake's Takes", was nominated for "Outstanding Achievement In Cinema" by the Houston Film Critic Society in 2008 for "bringing celebrities back to Houston."
In 2009, Hamilton was nominated for a Lone Star Emmy Award for "Best On-Air Talent" for hosting "Jake's Takes". In addition to hosting "Jake's Takes", Hamilton returned to writing for the Houston Chronicle as one of Houston's "City Brights." In October 2009, Hamilton moved "Jake's Takes" from the local CBS affiliate (KHOU-TV) to the local FOX affiliate (KRIV-TV).
In 2011, Hamilton received a Lone Star Emmy Award for "Best On-Camera Talent" for hosting "Jake's Takes".
In 2012, Hamilton won the Los Angeles Press Club's National Entertainment Journalism Award by for hosting "Jake's Takes." 
2012 "N-Word" Controversy.
In a 2012 press junket interview with Samuel L. Jackson promoting the Quentin Tarantino film Django Unchained, Hamilton attempted to ask Jackson a question about the film's use of offensive language and the pejorative word "nigger", but was cut off by Jackson mid-sentence before he could ask it. Jackson then confronted Hamilton's use of the phrase "the n-word" when discussing the issue. Jackson pressed Hamilton to use the actual word before he would answer the question, but Hamilton refused, citing that he wasn't comfortable saying it aloud and if he did, the segment wouldn't make it to air. Jackson refused to back down, goading Hamilton further until he retracted the question.
Hamilton attempted to end the conversation by stating, "It's too bad, I thought it was a great question." Jackson replied, "No, it wasn't a great question if you can't say the word."
The video has since gone viral online, prompting discussions on several prominent websites, most notably YouTube and the front page of Reddit.

</doc>
<doc id="20888611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888611" title="Tinig">
Tinig

Tinig or "Sonata of Heart (International title)" is a Philippine television drama and the fourth installment of Now and Forever series. The story of "Tinig" revolves around Selena and her daughter Victoria and how their lives, loves and dreams are intertwined because of music.
Plot.
Selena was brought up by her domineering mother, Elvira, to become a famous singer. Selena finds joy and satisfaction in her career and love life. She's in love with composer Angelo. Until Angelo got her pregnant. Selena wanted to keep the baby, but her mother persuaded her to give away her child to a friend.
The destiny of mother and daughter cross when they are brought together by music. Learn how music heals the wounds that fate brings in "Tinig".

</doc>
<doc id="20888614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888614" title="Bršlenovica">
Bršlenovica

Bršlenovica is a small settlement in the hills west of Trojane in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20888623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888623" title="Basque parliamentary election, 1990">
Basque parliamentary election, 1990

Elections to the Parliament of the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country, Spain, were held on October 28, 1990.
The Basque Nationalist Party (PNV) won 22 seats, the Socialists came second with 16 seats, the Batasuna party came third with 13 seats and Eusko Alkartasuna won 8 seats. The People`s Party and Euskadiko Ezkerra each won 6 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20888629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888629" title="George Black">
George Black

George Black may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20888637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888637" title="Babenko–Beckner inequality">
Babenko–Beckner inequality

In mathematics, the Babenko–Beckner inequality (after K. Ivan Babenko and William E. Beckner) is a sharpened form of the Hausdorff–Young inequality having applications to uncertainty principles in the Fourier analysis of Lp spaces. The ("q", "p")-norm of the "n"-dimensional Fourier transform is defined to be
Thus we have the Babenko–Beckner inequality that
To write this out explicitly, (in the case of one dimension,) if the Fourier transform is normalized so that
then we have
or more simply
Main ideas of proof.
Throughout this sketch of a proof, let
maps formula_11 to formula_12 with norm 1; that is,
or more explicitly,
for any complex "a", "b". (See Beckner's paper for the proof of his "two-point lemma".)
A sequence of Bernoulli trials.
The measure formula_15 that was introduced above is actually a fair Bernoulli trial with mean 0 and variance 1. Consider the sum of a sequence of "n" such Bernoulli trials, independent and normalized so that the standard deviation remains 1. We obtain the measure formula_16 which is the "n"-fold convolution of formula_17 with itself. The next step is to extend the operator "C" defined on the two-point space above to an operator defined on the ("n" + 1)-point space of formula_16 with respect to the elementary symmetric polynomials.
Convergence to standard normal distribution.
The sequence formula_16 converges weakly to the standard normal probability distribution formula_20 with respect to functions of polynomial growth. In the limit, the extension of the operator "C" above in terms of the elementary symmetric polynomials with respect to the measure formula_16 is expressed as an operator "T" in terms of the Hermite polynomials with respect to the standard normal distribution. These Hermite functions are the eigenfunctions of the Fourier transform, and the ("q", "p")-norm of the Fourier transform is obtained as a result after some renormalization.

</doc>
<doc id="20888642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888642" title="Rokkaku-dō (temple)">
Rokkaku-dō (temple)

, also known as because of its main hall's hexagonal shape, is a Buddhist temple in Kyoto, Japan, said to have been established by Prince Shotoku. This temple is part of the Saigoku Pilgrimage route.
History.
Rokkaku-dō is believed to have been established in the early Heian period.
The origins of traditional Japanese flower arrangement ikebana are linked to Rokkaku-dō in the medieval Muromachi period.
Rokkaku-dō was instrumental in the development of Jōdo Shinshū: in 1201 CE, Shinran undertook a 100-day retreat, and had a dream on the 95th day, seeing Prince Shōtoku (regarded as an incarnation of Avalokiteśvara), directing him to another monk, Hōnen. Shinran subsequently became Hōnen's disciple, establishing Jōdo Shinshū within Hōnen's Jōdo-shū.

</doc>
<doc id="20888678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888678" title="2004 Toronto Argonauts season">
2004 Toronto Argonauts season

The 2004 Toronto Argonauts season was the 115th season for the team since the franchise's inception in 1873. The team finished in second place in the East Division with a 10–7–1 record and qualified for the playoffs for the third consecutive year. The Argonauts defeated the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in the East Semi-Final and then won the Eastern Final against the Montreal Alouettes. Toronto faced the BC Lions in the 92nd Grey Cup and won their 15th Grey Cup championship by a score of 27-19.
Postseason.
Grey Cup.
November 21 @ Frank Clair Stadium (Attendance: 51,242)
Toronto Argonauts (27) – TDs, Damon Allen (2), Robert Baker; FGs Noel Prefontaine (2); cons., Prefontaine (3).
BC Lions (19) – TDs, Jason Clermont, Dave Dickenson; FGs Duncan O'Mahony (2); cons. O'Mahony (1).
First Quarter<br> 
BC—TD Clermont 12-yard pass from Dickenson (O'Mahony convert) 4:07 
Second Quarter<br> 
TOR—FG Prefontaine 27-yard field goal 7:40 <br>
TOR—TD Allen 1-yard run (Prefontaine convert) 12:22 <br> 
BC—FG O'Mahony 42-yard field goal 13:13 <br>
TOR—TD Baker 23-yard pass from Allen (Prefontaine convert) 14:37 
Third Quarter<br> 
TOR—TD Allen 1-yard run (Prefontaine convert) 4:45 <br>
BC—FG O'Mahony 36-yard field goal 9:16 
Fourth Quarter<br> 
BC—TD Dickenson 7-yard run (convert failed) 6:06 <br>
TOR—FG Prefontaine 16-yard field goal 12:19

</doc>
<doc id="20888694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888694" title="Netrocoryne repanda">
Netrocoryne repanda

Netrocoryne repanda, the Bronze Flat, is a butterfly of the family Hesperiidae found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20888706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888706" title="Duyan">
Duyan

Duyan (English title: Cradle of Love) is a Philippine television drama and the fifth installment of Now and Forever series. "Duyan" is a drama about family, love and vengeance.
Plot.
Duyan tells the story of best friends Cindy (Ella Guevara) and Ella (Ella Cruz) who treat each other like sisters despite their opposite status in life.
Ella is the daughter of Adea (Dawn Zulueta), who works as a servant in the mansion owned by Cindy’s family, the richest family in the province. Several years ago, Adea and her husband Raul (Emilio Garcia) were living in Manila with their two daughters. Unfortunately, Raul, a gambler, sells their two-year old daughter to a rich couple to earn money. With the help of Rowena (Jana Roxas), Adea escapes with her six-month old baby Ella to search for her missing daughter.
When the search yields no clues, Adea, together with her sister Rowena and daughter Ella, decide to work in the mansion to elude Raul. While working in the mansion, she continues her search for her missing daughter. In time, Ella makes friends with Cindy, the daughter of the family that Adea works for. Ella may be happy, but Adea’s life is made miserable by Loren (Glydel Mercado), Cindy’s mother.
Loren is cruel and ruthless to Adea, especially after she learns that her husband Mateo (Ariel Rivera) was the servant’s former boyfriend. Adea accepts all the abuse so that she and her family can continue to live at the mansion, far away from Raul.
Despite the conflict between their parents, the friendship of Ella and Cindy remains very firm. Ella protects Cindy from naughty children while Cindy defends her friend from her haughty mother who is against their friendship,
But what if destiny tests the friendship of these young girls by switching their fortune? Will they still stand by each other and keep their friendship? Will the people around them change and reconcile? Or will hatred consume their mothers and urge them to seek revenge?

</doc>
<doc id="20888724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888724" title="Angamali West Orthodox Diocese">
Angamali West Orthodox Diocese

Angamaly-West is a diocese of the Oriental Orthodox Church in India. The present Diocean head is Bishop Yuhanon Mar Policarpus, who took charge in February 2009. The Indian Orthodox Church (IOC) officially known as Indian (Malankara) Orthodox Church which formed in 1912 from the Syrian Orthodox church flourished in a great way during the 1970s. It has established many dioceses in India and abroad. Angamal-West diocese has only a few churches and these have small congregations. The largest church is Kunnakkurudy St. George Cathedral. The church authorities are trying their best to extend its influence by filing a number of cases against its mother church, the Syrian Orthodox church (Jacobites). The following churches were obtained to IOC by this way.
Churches that form Angamaly-West Diocese of Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church, which have been obtained mainly after court orders -
Pothanikadu Umminikunnu St. Mary's Maha Edavka Church

</doc>
<doc id="20888729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888729" title="Iolani Luahine">
Iolani Luahine

ʻIolani Luahine (January 31, 1915 – December 10, 1978), born Harriet Lanihau Makekau, was a native Hawaiian "kumu hula", dancer, chanter and teacher, who was considered the high priestess of the ancient hula. "The New York Times" wrote that she was "regarded as Hawaii's last great exponent of the sacred hula ceremony," and the "Honolulu Advertiser" wrote: "In her ancient dances, she was the poet of the Hawaiian people." The Iolani Luahine Hula Festival was established in her memory, and awards a scholarship award each year to encourage a student to continue the study of hula.
Early years.
Luahine was born in 1915 in the village of Nāpoʻopo'o, near Captain Cook, Hawaii. Her given name was Harriet Lanihau Makekau, and she was the youngest of five daughters in a pure Hawaiian family that traced its genealogy to dancers and keepers of ancient Hawaiian rituals and chants. Iolani was raised by her great aunt Julia Keahi Luahine (1877–1937), who began educating her in the ancient Kauai school of hula when she was four years old. Her aunt Keahi was "the foremost hula instructor of her day and one of the last royal dancers from King Kalakaua’s and Queen Lili’uokalani’s court." When she was a child, she was afflicted with an illness in her eyes, and a kahuna nui (seer) said she had to be renamed Iolani, heavenly, or royal hawk, after the `io, nativeHawaiian hawk. Her eyesight reportedly cleared shortly after her name was changed. Iolani attended the Kamehameha Schools, but her aunt removed her after learning that dancing hula was forbidden by the "missionary" institution. After leaving the Kamehameha Schools, Luahine attended St. Andrew's Priory, at St. Andrew’s Cathedral, where hula dancing was permitted. Iolani later attended the University of Hawaii where she began hula classes with Mary Kawena Pukui. As Iolani's mentor, Pukui steered her away from the commercialized hula forms popularized by Hollywood films.
Practitioner and teacher of the ancient hula.
Luahine opened a hula studio in her home on Honolulu's Queen Street in 1946. There, she taught hula to students of all ages. Her well-known students included George Na'ope, Kawaikapuokalani Hewett and her niece, Hoakalei Kamau'u. In 1947, modern-dance pioneer Ted Shawn called her "an artist of world stature." She continued to perform and collaborate with other renowned hula artists, including her former teacher, Mary Kawena Pukui, and Lokalia Montgomery. She was featured in two documentary films, one in 1960 and the other in 1976, and several television programs.
She has been referred to as the "high priestess" of the ancient hula," a "link to traditional Hawaiian culture," and "the last handmaiden to the Hawaiian gods."
Her students and friends spoke of her lessons in a reverent manner. Luana Haraguchi called Luahine her greatest influence and said, "When she danced, she floated. Sometimes when she taught, she would just tell us a story, about the people, the types of rain and vegetation in a certain song. It could last two or three hours. That was the dance class."
Dorothy Thompson, a co-founder of the Merrie Monarch Festival, an annual week-long hula festival in Hilo, Hawaii, described Luahine as follows: "Her dance was her life and her story itself. 'Io was such a beautiful person, an extraordinary dancer. She seemed like she would go into a trance. And her movements were like nobody else's."
Some who knew her told stories of Luahine's "mystic abilities." "The Honolulu Advertiser" wrote that those who saw her perform "typically speak about the almost mystical experience she seemed to channel." Some say she had "a deep, spiritual connection to the hula goddess Laka and the volcano goddess Pele." Others claimed that she "could call up the wind and the rain and could make animals do her bidding." In 1969, organizers of the Merrie Monarch Festival were about to cancel their parade because of heavy rain, but Luahine said the rain would stop for two hours starting at 1 p.m. Even organizer Dorothy Thompson recalled: "She told me the parade had to start on time, at 1 o'clock, because the rain would stop for only two hours. It poured cats and dogs. At 1 o'clock on the nose the rain stopped, and at 3 o'clock the rain came down."
Hula master George Naʻope told a story that the Queen of Tonga and an FBI escort were visiting Hawaii, and the queen would not get out of the car because it was too windy. According to Na'ope's story, "Iolani turned around, chanted, and the wind stopped. After that, the queen and the FBI were supposed to go to a hotel in Kona, and instead they went to Iolani’s house in Napoopoo, where she summoned all the animals to greet the queen. Her dog barked, her cat meowed, her rooster crowed, her pig oinked, and they bowed to the queen. When someone said that they are not supposed to be at Iolani’s house, an FBI agent replied, 'If she can stop the wind, we are going to be here.'"
In 1970, Luahine and Lokalia Montgomery became the first recipients of Hawaii's State Order of Distinction for Cultural Leadership. Luahine gained worldwide recognition and was invited to perform at the National Folk Festival in Wolf Trap, Virginia three times. She was also named a "Living Treasure" in 1972.
In 1972, she was still performing. "Honolulu Star-Bulletin" columnist Ben Wood recalled playing recordings for her featuring Gabby Pahinui, Sonny Chillingworth, Atta Isaacs and Eddie Kamae. He later wrote: "When the music started, Iolani fell silent and a distant look came to her eyes. Then she sprang up and started dancing to the music. I was in awe."
Posthumous honors and recognition.
When she died in 1978, "The New York Times" wrote that she was "regarded as Hawaii's last great exponent of the sacred hula ceremony." The "Honolulu Advertiser" wrote: "In her ancient dances, she was the poet of the Hawaiian people." A mainland newspaper called her "the foremost hula dancer of the 20th century." The "Honolulu Star-Bulletin" called her "easily one of Hawaii's greatest dancers if not the greatest." And the "Honolulu Advertiser" wrote:"Yet, while Luahine certainly helped bring international recognition and respect to traditional hula, her impact in her home Islands might have been even greater in that she helped keep Hawaiian culture alive through the latter days of its suppression. ... As a kumu in her own right, Luahine, a longtime curator of the Hulihe'e Palace in Kailua, Kona, and an adviser to the Merrie Monarch Festival, would become one of the most ardent and beloved practitioners of ancient Hawaiian hula and chant."
In 1980, Iolani Luahine received an academic and lifetime achievement award called Na Makua Mahalo Ia presented by the Institute for Polynesian Studies under Brigham Young University Hawaii. This award was presented after Aunty Iolani's death, therefore, her student and niece Hoakalei Kamau`u humbly received the award in her honor.
In 1985, Hawaiian photographer and historian, Francis Haar, published a biography of Luahine.
In 1997, a statue of Luahine (sculpted by Kim Duffet) was dedicated at the Hilton Hawaiian Village, where Luahine performed in the 1950s.
In 2003, the 'Iolani Luahine Hula Festival was established to perpetuate the hula, the memory of Luahine, and her contributions to the preservation of hula and the Hawaiian culture. The festival awards a hula scholarship award each year to encourage a student to continue the study of hula.
In 2005, the documentary film, "Keepers of the Flame: The Cultural Legacy of Three Hawaiian Women" profiled Luahine, her teacher Mary Kawena Pukui and Edith Kanakaole.

</doc>
<doc id="20888744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888744" title="Hungry (XYZ album)">
Hungry (XYZ album)

Hungry is the second studio album recorded by the metal band XYZ. The album was released on September 3, 1991. A music video was created for the song "Face Down in the Gutter," but issues arose concerning airtime on MTV (shown on "Headbangers Ball") due to the clothing of the women pictured.

</doc>
<doc id="20888790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888790" title="Lagorthi">
Lagorthi

Lagorthi is a Greek wine grape, well known despite its fairly small planting. It produces a moderately aromatic wine with relatively low fruit and alcohol content.
The variety is grown in only a few vineyards, mainly in northern Peloponnesus and on some Ionian islands. As it is sensitive to water stress, some plantings have been made further north, in Macedonia, to assess its suitability for cooler but wetter climates. It is however relatively vigorous and resistant to disease. The grapes, which mature late (around late September), have thick skins and a fairly low juice content, and have an unusual ability to mature fully even at low sugar levels.
A handful of producers bottle well-regarded wines, including a few varietals. The pioneering producer in the quality wine market was Constantinos Antonopoulos, in the late 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="20888795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888795" title="Basque parliamentary election, 1986">
Basque parliamentary election, 1986

Elections to the Parliament of the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country, Spain, were held on November 30, 1986.
The Socialists won 19 seats, the Basque Nationalist Party (PNV) came second with 17 seats, the Batasuna party and Eusko Alkartasuna each won 13 seats, and Euskadiko Ezkerra won 9 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20888828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888828" title="Yanna McIntosh">
Yanna McIntosh

Yanna McIntosh, sometimes credited as Yanna MacIntosh, is a Jamaican-born Canadian television, movie and theatrical actress.
Early life.
McIntosh attended the University of Toronto and the American Repertory Theatre Institute at Harvard University, in which she trained for acting in theatrical productions. For a time she taught students of theatre at the National Theatre School in Montreal, Quebec and at Toronto, Ontario's Humber College.
Career.
Yanna McIntosh's theatre credits include Petruchio in "The Taming of the Shrew", Hedda in "Hedda Gabler", Mary in Friedrich Schiller's "Mary Stuart", and Condoleezza Rice in David Hare's "Stuff Happens".
McIntosh's most notable recurring roles in television series include Dr. Currie in the short-lived 90's medical drama "Side Effects", Jenni Hernandez in "Riverdale", Edna Myles in "The Eleventh Hour", Dr. Rollins in "Blue Murder", Zona Robinson in "This is Wonderland", and Ms. Dymond in the Canadian teen drama "The Best Years". She has starred in a number of made-for-television movies, such as "Atomic Train" (1999), in which she played Christina Roselli, "Strange Justice" (1999), in which she played Jeanette, "Deliberate Intent" (2000), in which she played Elaine, "Crown Heights" (2004), "Chasing Freedom" (2004), in which she played Ruth, "Reversible Errors" (2004), in which she played Genevieve Carriere, "Doomstown" (2006), in which she played Pat Barrows, "Why I Wore Lipstick to My Mastectomy" (2006), in which she played Dr. Crone, "They Come Back" (2007), in which she played Naketha, and "Matters of Life and Dating" (2007).
Some of her appearances in movies and direct-to-video films include Nicole in "Spooky House" (2000), Penny Mills in "Full Disclosure" (2001), Teddy Vargas in "The Sentinel" (2006), and Diana in "Finn's Girl" (2007). Other roles include "Down in the Delta" (1998), "John Q" (2002), and "Heaven on Earth" (2008).
In 2011 McIntosh played the starring role of Mama Nadi in Lynn Nottage's Pulitzer Prize-winning play Ruined, produced by Obsidian Theatre and Nightwood Theatre.
Reception.
In his 2007 article on Yanna McIntosh's role as Mary Stuart in the Friedrich Schiller play of the same name, chief theatre critic Richard Ouzounian of the "Toronto Star" described McIntosh as capable of good performances on difficult stage roles, titling his article "No role too bold for Mary Stuart star". In his later review of the play, Ouzounian, who rated the play with two stars out of four, stated that McIntosh's role as Stuart and Nancy Palk's role as Elizabeth I of England were among the few highlights he saw in the play.
Her performance as Pat Barrows in the 2006 made-for-TV movie "Doomstown" won Yanna McIntosh the 2007 Gemini award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Featured Supporting Role in a Dramatic Program or Mini-Series. For her theatrical acting, she has received six Dora Mavor Moor award nominations in the Best Actress category. She won the award twice; once for Florence Gibson's "Belle" and again for Athol Fugard's "Valley Song".
In 2011 McIntosh became the first ever person to win the Toronto Theatre Critics' Award for Best Actress in a Play for her performance in "Ruined". For this role she also won the 2011 Dora Mavor Moore Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female in a Principal Role.

</doc>
<doc id="20888831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888831" title="Bolko I the Strict">
Bolko I the Strict

Bolko I the Strict also known as the Raw or of Jawor ( or Srogi or Jaworski; 1252/56 – 9 November 1301), was a Duke of Lwówek (Löwenberg) during 1278–81 (with his brother as co-ruler) and Jawor (Jauer) since 1278 (with his brother as co-ruler until 1281), sole Duke of Lwówek since 1286, Duke of Świdnica-Ziębice since 1291.
He was the second son of Bolesław II the Bald, Duke of Legnica by his first wife Hedwig, daughter of Henry I, Count of Anhalt.
Life.
Most likely because he was still too young to actively participate in politics, Bolko appears rarely in the chronicles before his father's death. It is possible that he took part in the victorious Battle of Stolec in 1277.
Bolesław II died on 26 December 1278. Bolko I and his younger brother Bernard the Lightsome inherited Jawor (Jauer) and Lwówek (Löwenberg) as co-rulers, and their older brother Henry V the Fat retained Legnica. In 1281 Bolko I and Bernard divided their domains: Bernard kept Lwówek, and Bolko I became in sole ruler of Jawor.
One of the first tasks of Bolko I as sole ruler was to protect his modest inheritance from the growing power of Henry IV Probus, Duke of Wroclaw. To that end, he decided to enter into an alliance with the Margraves of Brandenburg. In order to cement this alliance, a marriage was arranged between Bolko I and Beatrice, the daughter of Margrave Otto V the Tall of Brandenburg. The betrothal was performed in the city of Spandau on 19 April 1279; however, because of the close relationship between groom and bride, the formal wedding was performed more than five years later, in 1284 (although the Papal dispensation to allow the wedding was announced only one year later, in 1285). Bolko I's relation to the House of Ascania engaged him in an armed conflict with the German King Rudolf I of Habsburg and Henry IV Probus. An expedition made on Wroclaw in 1280 and on Prague in the following year, instead of expected successes, brought him a retaliatory action from the of Duke of Wroclaw.
After the death of his brother Bernard in 1286 without issue, Bolko I inherited the Duchy of Lwówek, by virtue of a reciprocal inheritance treaty signed by the brothers around 1281.
In the second half of 1280s, Bolko I tried to avoid the dangers from the rising power of Henry IV Probus and began to approach the King Wenceslaus II of Bohemia. On several occasions, he travelled to Prague and took part in many court ceremonies, for example in 1289, when Bolko I took part in the homage of Duke Casimir of Bytom to King Wenceslaus II. However, despite the fact that Bolko I strongly resisted the complete dominance of Prague, he received minor benefits from the Kingdom of Bohemia, such as the possession of the strategical Schömberg Castle (now Chełmsko Śląskie) on the Bohemian frontier.
The unexpected death of Henry IV Probus in 1290 caused a complete change in Silesian politics. Bolko I's brother Henry V the Fat occupied Wroclaw and took control of all of Henry IV's domains, but had to face the opposition of the Wroclaw nobility and the pretensions of the rightful heir of Henry IV, Duke Henry III of Głogów. Bolko I decided to give his brother assistance; however, the price for it was quite high. Only after Henry V give him the towns of Świdnica, Ząbkowice, Ziębice and Strzelin Bolko I sent troops and food to Wroclaw and Legnica. The help for Henry V, however, was inadequate; at the end, Henry V was defeated and imprisoned in an iron cage by Henry III. Named regent of Henry V's domains during his absence, Bolko I never attempted to obtain the release of his brother.
The 1290s were also a period of difficult relations with the neighboring Kingdom of Bohemia. It's unknown why relations between them altered, but this could be probably thanks to the willingness of the Duke of Jawor-Świdnica. Bolko I, in order to secure his domains, began the intensive building of fortifications in his Duchy (particularly in the Bohemian frontier towns of Świdnica, Wleń, Strzegom and Kamienna Góra). After this, Bolko I tried to take full control over the Duchy of Nysa-Otmuchów, given to the Bishopric of Wroclaw in Henry IV's will.
Resentful of Bolko I's ambitions, Bishop Jan Romka decided to use the biggest weapons available to him against the Duke: in 1294 Bolko I was excommunicated, and all his lands were placed under interdict. Forced by this actions, Bolko I renounced his pretensions and freed the Bishop's castles that he had occupied.
The tensions between Bolko I and King Wenceslas II finally erupted in 1295 and war began. The Bohemian King didn't expect a significant resistance; however, to his great surprise he had to watch the effective defense of the Duke of Jawor. In the war with Bohemia, Bolko I could use the fortifications built by him (the Bohemian army was stopped at Kamienna Góra). Bolko I also demonstrated that he was a wise politician; immediately after stopping the Bohemian troops, he put his domains under the protection of Pope Boniface VIII, which eventually led King Wenceslaus II to seek a settlement. The peace was signed probably at the beginning of 1297, since on 2 June of that year Bolko I was present at the coronation of King Wenceslaus II in Prague.
At the beginning of 1296 Henry V the Fat died, leaving three minor sons. As the closest male relative, the guardianship of Henry V's children and the regency of his domains were given to Bolko I. In this situation Bolko I tried to extract all the benefits he could and took for himself Sobótka castle. Bolko I's regency had to face several difficulties: first, the resistance of the powerful Wrocław nobility, who feared that the well-known Bolko I's hard rule could affect their privileges. Soon, Henry III of Głogów decided to exploit the difficulties of the Duke of Jawor and began a war against him. However in this instance, Bolko I achieved a complete success, not only because he managed to repel the invasion of the Duke of Głogów, but additionally he managed to take the castles of Chojnów and Bolesławiec.
Bolko was energetic in developing his lands and building castles. Although a Slavic Piast by origin, he encouraged colonization of his lands by German settlers and a patron of the Cistercian movement, notably founding the Cistercian monastery of Grüssau (Krzeszów).
He was a patron of literature. An 8000 line poem in Middle High German on the exploits of Ludwig III, Count of Thuringia, was composed by an unnamed priest at Bolko's instigation.
To resolve the tense situation in Upper Silesia, by March 1297 an annual congress of Silesian Dukes in Zwanowicach was convened, where Bolko I made the final settlement with Henry III. Bolko I spent the last years of his life strengthening his position as the most powerful of the Silesian princes, which he achieved after his recognition as a Papal vassal on 21 March 1299.
Bolko I died suddenly on 9 November 1301, and was buried in Krzeszów Abbey. He was succeeded by his sons, but because they were minors at that time, his brother-in-law Herman, Margrave of Brandenburg-Salzwedel assumed the regency of his domains and the guardianship of his children. The custody of Henry V's sons and the regency of his lands was taken by King Wenceslaus II.
Marriage and issue.
In Berlin on 4 October 1284, Bolko I married Beatrice (b. ca. 1270 – d. bef. 26 April 1316), daughter of Otto V "the Tall", Margrave of Brandenburg-Salzwedel. They had ten children:

</doc>
<doc id="20888859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888859" title="Dupeljne">
Dupeljne

Dupeljne is a small settlement in the hills north of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Dupeljne was first attested in written sources in 1348 as "Tewpplach" (and in 1353 as "zu dem Dupelnik"). The old transcriptions are based on locative a plural form, probably based on the plural demonym "*Dupljane". The name is derived from the Slovene common noun "dupel" 'hollow', referring to a local geographical feature.
History.
Dupeljne was mentioned in Johann Weikhard von Valvasor's 17th-century work "The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola." He described the local people as speaking a slow dialect and being deliberate thinkers. During the Second World War, locals from Dupeljne helped care for wounded Partisan soldiers and supplied the Partisans' Triglav Hospital (a.k.a. Luk Hospital, ) near Kolovec. On 13 December 1942, German forces attacked a detachment of Partisans from Kamnik between Kolovec and Dupeljne, who then withdrew to Dupeljne.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Dupeljne include:

</doc>
<doc id="20888864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888864" title="Cullen Performance Hall">
Cullen Performance Hall

Cullen Performance Hall is a concert hall located on the campus of the University of Houston in Houston, Texas. The hall, comprising the eastern half of the E. Cullen Building, was named in honor of Ezekiel W. Cullen, a former congressman for the Republic of Texas. The facility seats 1,544, and hosts music, opera, dance, theatrical events, and public lectures. Opening in 1950, the facility was designed by Alfred C. Finn.
History.
On March 21, 1945, the Ezekiel W. Cullen Building along with Cullen Performance Hall was announced. Construction of Cullen Performance Hall was part of a large expansion to the University of Houston's permanent buildings on campus that took place starting on May 10, 1948. The hall originally sat 1,680, and was intended to host similar events as the Houston Music Hall which was the main music venue for the city at the time. The hall was named in honor of Ezekiel W. Cullen, a congressman for the Republic of Texas, and the grandfather of then University of Houston Regent Hugh Roy Cullen who was the principal donor to the project.
The university hired native Houston architect Alfred C. Finn to design the building. In order to give the building a classical look, Finn designed the building with long wings and regularly spaced pilasters.
The dedication of the Cullen Performance Hall was held in conjunction with the Ezekiel W. Cullen Building on Halloween of 1950. For the dedication, conductor Efrem Kurtz directed the Houston Symphony Orchestra, and H.R. Cullen gave a speech.
In 1988, the facility received complete renovations.
Past events.
Music.
Artists who have appeared at Cullen Performance Hall include Depeche Mode, Los Lobos, Tori Amos, Dead Can Dance, Tracy Chapman, Kronos Quartet, Djavan, Rick Braun, Jonathan Butler, Richard Elliot, Peter White, and Cyndi Lauper.
Lectures.
Rapper and political activist Chuck D spoke at a public lecture at Cullen Performance Hall in 2006. Filmmaker Charles Burnett discussed his 1977 film "Killer of Sheep" there in 2008, while Spike Lee spoke there in 2004. Nobel laureates James D. Watson and Eric Kandel lectured at the hall in 2007, and were moderated by Ferid Murad. Also in 2007, inventor and futurist Raymond Kurzweil presented UH's 2007 Farfel Distinguished Lecture at the location. Academic scholar Cornel West lectured on race relations as a guest of the university's Graduate College of Social Work in 2005.
Other.
ESPN's "College GameDay" broadcast from outside of the Cullen Performance Hall when they came to the University of Houston campus to cover the #8 Houston team compete against SMU from November 18-19, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20888880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888880" title="Mexican Council on Foreign Relations">
Mexican Council on Foreign Relations

The Mexican Council on Foreign Relation COMEXI (in Spanish Consejo Mexicano de Asuntos Internacionales) was established the 22 November 2001. So far, it is the only plural and multidisciplinary forum, focused in the debate and analysis of Mexico’s role in the world and the growing influence of international events on the national agenda. The Council is a civic association, nonprofit and independent of government. It is financed entirely by its member's contributions
Members.
COMEXI has among its members more than 450 personalities from various sectors and ideologies through the Ordinary Program and its three special programs: Corporate Program, aimed to leading companies; the Institutional Program, which gathers Foreign Embassies in Mexico, international organizations with offices in our country, as well as, research and teaching centers; and the Term-Member Program, created to support the development of future leaders.
Corporate Members
Institutional Members
Activities.
COMEXI has authored unpublished materials, such as the biannual survey of opinion "Mexico and the World", prepared jointly with the Centro de Investigación y Docencia Económicas (CIDE). Additionally, it published a collection of papers of the Mexican Council on Foreign Affairs which addressed important issues of international affairs.
An additional facet of the Council's objectives is to participate at conferences, study groups or workshops on topics relevant to Mexico and its international partners. It has partnerships with the Council on Foreign Relations, the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, the Council of the Americas, the Pacific Council on International Policy and the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, in the United States and six Latin American Councils (Argentine Council for International Affairs, the Conselho Brasileiro de Relações Internacionais, the Chilean Council for International Affairs, the Uruguayan Council for Foreign Relations, the Paraguayan Center for International Studies and the Peruvian Center for International Relations). Additionally COMEXI signed a memorandum of understanding with the Institute Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil and the Indian Council of World Affairs.
Since 2003, the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars and COMEXI instituted Stays Academic Program for Research in Public Policy for researchers on issues of bilateral relations Mexico-United States. Through this, each year about three specialists conducted research at the headquarters of the Wilson Center in Washington, DC.
, the COMEXI has consolidated as an opinion leader in foreign policy. The apparition of the Council in radio programs and television analysis, in addition to more than 30 MEMBERS IN THE PRESS who publish in print media daily basis. The level of Associates and its deliberations in an informal and open, has increasingly become a forum to COMEXI meeting required for individuals who visit the country.
Information Center.
COMEXI's web site give to any who interested in the global agenda, the opportunity to explore special articles that are product of the research made by the Council in the most important organizations around the globe.
The Center is divided in two categories: regional and thematic that helps users on their researches.

</doc>
<doc id="20888889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888889" title="Surbiton County Grammar">
Surbiton County Grammar

Surbiton County Grammar was a school in Surbiton on the borders of London and Surrey, that having been established in the 1920s, went through a number of changes, moving location and changing name. The school was attended by boys from the whole of north Surrey. It boasted a number of notable alumni.
History.
Surbiton.
Until 1965 the school was on Surbiton Hill Road in Surbiton. The three main buildings were large Victorian mansions called Braemar (where pupils began their school lives), Aysgarth and Albury (School) houses together with their grounds and outbuildings. A stables block once housed a sixth form classroom. In the early sixties Aysgarth and Braemar were demolished and replaced by purpose-built units. It was known for its rugby, chess and bridge teams.
Thames Ditton.
Although the new Headmaster, Mr. Waller, started in September 1965 the school did not move to new premises in Weston Green Road Thames Ditton until the spring of 1966. Boys in all forms throughout the school assisted with the move packing crates at the Surbiton site and unpacking crates at Thames Ditton, which took about a week. The form registers had to be "adjusted" to show attendance as if school had be running normally.
The school had always admitted boys from other local schools, which did not have their own sixth forms, into its sixth form and the long-term plan to evolve the school into a sixth form college involved a year at a time expanding the sixth form whilst not taking in new boys at age 11. The first major change was in September 1971 when the school also started admitting girls into the lower sixth. From September 1972 the external sixth form intake was increased over previous years whilst there was no new entry at the bottom of the school. At, or after, September 1972 the school was renamed Esher County Grammar as an interim measure. Being fully sixth form the school was titled Esher College from September 1977.
The old site on Surbiton Hill is now used by Hollyfield School.
Day Houses.
All boys were members of one of four day houses which were named after dignitaries in some way associated with Surbiton.:
Alumni.
Alumni of the school are referred to as Old Surbitonians. They include:
Old Surbitonians RFC - Cobham Rugby Football Club.
The club was formed in 1930 as Old Surbitonians RFC by the first group of school leavers from Surbiton County Grammar School for Boys. In 1949, as a memorial to those Old Boys who perished in the Second World War, the grounds at Fairmile Lane, Cobham, were purchased. After the school moved from its original site in Surbiton to Esher as a boys' grammar school, The Braemar Club was created to honour the old school building. The change of name of the school to Esher County Grammar School and more prominently the evolution of the old school into a mixed sixth form college had a significant and detrimental impact on the flow of young players into the Club, which was one of the driving forces behind the club being one of the first in the country to set up a Mini Rugby section, in the Golden Jubilee year of 1980. Mini Rugby spawned a sizeable and flourishing Youth section, which has produced national Champions at various levels. The club was placed in the new 1st division of the new Surrey Leagues when the RFU introduced League Rugby in 1987. Prior to this, the club had enjoyed much success, including a famous unbeaten season of 1963-64, and a Surrey Cup Final appearance in 1976. The club changed its name in 1989 to Cobham Rugby Football Club, to both identify more closely with the immediate surrounding area, and to signify the change to an open membership club. Recent years have seen the clubs' steady progress through the leagues, with four promotions in six seasons in the Leagues since 1987, and success elsewhere in winning the Surrey Shield in 1999. The 1sts now play in London South Division 2 following successive promotions under the stewardship of Head Coach, Billy Davison. Despite its name change, it still recognises its heritage and association with the old school.

</doc>
<doc id="20888893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888893" title="MachPanel">
MachPanel

MachPanel Provisioning System is a commercial unified hosting control panel software for traditional as well as SaaS hosting services. Originally this control panel was released under brand name eJadSPM System and it was re branded to MachPanel Provisioning System. It's a product of MachSol, Inc.
Overview.
MachPanel Provisioning System is designed to accelerate services delivery in cloud, unify business processes and self-manage services. MachPanel is designed as a complete unified solution for the hosting service providers to provision and bill both traditional and SaaS hosting services. MachPanel has built-in plan wizard to design hosting plans including Shared Hosting (Windows), Microsoft Exchange Server 2007 & 2010 SP1/SP2, Microsoft SharePoint, BlackBerry Enterprise and Express Servers, Microsoft CRM 2013, Lync 2013, Hyper-V, Dedicated Servers, and VPS Servers, Domain Names and SSL certificates.
It includes management control panels for provider and self-service control panel for resellers and end customers. 
MachPanel Control Panel for Windows supports Windows Server 2003 and Windows Server 2008 operating systems x64/x86 flavors. It manages various versions of Microsoft SQL Server and MySQL, Mail Servers (MailEnable, SmarterMail, Merak Mail Server, etc.), Scripting (Microsoft .NET, ColdFusion, PHP, Perl, Python), as well as Microsoft Exchange Server, Moss, Microsoft Dynamics CRM and BlackBerry Enterprise Server.
Enterprise Modules.
MachPanel Control Panel offers several enterprise modules that are not part of main software licensing but are purchased separately. These modules are however installed with default installation and may be disabled if not needed.
These modules are designed to allow hosting companies quickly expand into newer and more profitable hosted services such as Hosted Exchange Service. These Enterprise modules include functionality for billing, provisioning, multiple server support, and management.
Following enterprise modules are available at the moment:
- Hosted VPS
- Hosted Exchange All versions including 2013
- Hosted CRM
- Hosted SharePoint All version including 2013
- Hosted Lync 2010, 2013
- Hosted Blackberry Express and Blackberry Enterprise
- Hosted Hyper-V
Product Licensing.
MachPanel Provisioning System is licensed as one-time fee whereas Enterprise modules which are required to offer SaaS Hosting are licensed on PAY-PER-USAGE (PPU) model. For example if hosting providers offers Microsoft Exchange 2010 hosting it needs Exchange Enterprise Module for MachPanel and will pay only when it provisions a Mailbox using MachPanel.
Product Road Map.
Product road map of MachPanel includes:
- Continued development on OCS/Lync based hosted VOIP platform
- Hyper-V based virtual hosting provisioning support
- Private label turn-key support
Security.
MachPanel configures all virtual hosts under their own IIS user and (optionally) their own IIS worker process group. This eliminates complains of users of other popular control panels which are not secured in sense of multi-tenant hosting since they tend to run all virtual hosts under same user.
Competing Software.
- WebsitePanel
- H-Sphere
- Hosting Controller
- ISPConfig
- Plesk
- HELM

</doc>
<doc id="20888904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888904" title="Minos Wines">
Minos Wines

Minos Wines is a Greek wine producer from Crete. The company was founded in 1932, and is privately owned by the Miliarakis family. It was one of the major producers of Cretan wine until 1990, after which its market share declined due to financial problems and personal disputes. As of 2005, the company produced 400,000 liters annually. Over 70% of its production is sold domestically, much of it in a traditional style in the low-priced market, though it produces a few higher-end wines in a more modern style, with production of a few thousand bottles per year each.

</doc>
<doc id="20888907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888907" title="Central Legislative Assembly">
Central Legislative Assembly

The Central Legislative Assembly was a legislature for India created by the Government of India Act 1919 from the former Imperial Legislative Council, implementing the Montagu-Chelmsford Reforms. It was also sometimes called the Indian Legislative Assembly and the Imperial Legislative Assembly. The Council of State or Council of States was the upper house of the legislature for India.
As a result of Indian independence, the Legislative Assembly was dissolved on 14 August 1947 and its place taken by the Constituent Assembly of India and the Constituent Assembly of Pakistan.
Composition.
The new Assembly was the lower house of a bicameral parliament, with a new Council of State as the upper house, reviewing legislation passed by the Assembly. However, both its powers and its electorate were limited.
The Assembly had 145 members who were either nominated or indirectly elected from the provinces.
Nominated Members.
The nominated members were officials or non-officials and nominated by the Government of India and the provinces
Officials.
There were a total of 26 nominated officials out of which 14 were nominated by the Government of India from the Viceroy's Executive Council, Council of State and from the Secretariat. The rest 12 came from the provinces. Madras, Bombay and Bengal nominated two officials while United Provinces, Punjab, Bihar & Orissa, Central Provinces, Assam and Burma nominated one each.
Non-Officials.
There were a total of 15 nominated non-officials out of which 5 were nominated by the Government of India representing five special interests namely Associated Chambers of Commerce, Indian Christians, Labour interests, Anglo-Indians and the Depressed Classes. The other 10 non-officials were nominated from the provinces namely two from Bengal, United Provinces and Punjab and one each from Bombay, Bihar & Orissa, Berar and the North West Frontier Province.
Elected Members.
Initially, of its 144 members, 103 were elected and 41 were nominated. Of the 103 elected members, fifty-one came from general constituencies, thirty were elected by Muslims, two by Sikhs, nine by Europeans, seven by landlords, and four by business men. Later, one seat each was added for Delhi, Ajmer-Merwara and the North West Frontier Province.
The constituencies were divided as follows: 
The Government of India Act 1935 introduced further reforms. The Assembly continued as the lower chamber of a central Indian parliament based in Delhi, with two chambers, both containing elected and appointed members. The Assembly increased in size to 250 seats for members elected by the constituencies of British India, plus a further 125 seats for the Indian Princely states. However, elections for the reformed legislature never took place.
Inauguration.
A new "Council House" was conceived in 1919 as the seat of the future Legislative Assembly, the Council of State, and the Chamber of Princes. The foundation stone was laid on 12 February 1921 and the building was opened on 18 January 1927 by Lord Irwin, the Viceroy and Governor-General. The Council House later changed its name to Parliament House, or "Sansad Bhavan", and is the present-day home of the Parliament of India.
The Assembly, the Council of State, and the Chamber of Princes were officially opened in 1921 by King George V's uncle, the Duke of Connaught and Strathearn
Elections.
The first elections to the new legislatures took place in November 1920 and proved to be the first significant contest between the Moderates and the Non-cooperation movement, whose aim was for the elections to fail. The Non-cooperators were at least partly successful in this, as out of almost a million electors for the Assembly, only some 182,000 voted.
After the withdrawal of the non-cooperation movement, a group within the Indian National Congress formed the Swaraj Party and contested the elections in 1923 and 1926. The Swaraj Party led by Motilal Nehru as the leader of the Opposition was able to secure the defeat, or at least the delay, of finance bills and other legislation. However, after 1926, the members of the Swaraj Party either joined the government or returned to the Congress which continued its boycott of the legislature during the Civil Disobedience Movement. 
In 1934, the Congress ended its boycott of the legislatures and contested the elections to the fifth Central Legislative Assembly held that year. 
The last elections to the assembly were held in 1945.
The electorate of the Assembly was never more than a very small fraction of the population of India. In the British House of Commons on 10 November 1942, the Labour MP Seymour Cocks asked the Secretary of State for India Leo Amery "What is the electorate for the present Central Legislative Assembly?" and received the written answer "The total electorate for the last General Election (1934) for the Central Legislative Assembly was 1,415,892."
Presidents of the Assembly.
The presiding officer (or speaker) of the Assembly was called the President. While the Government of India Act 1919 provided for the President to be elected, it made an exception in the case of the first President, who was to be appointed by the Government. The Governor-General appointed Frederick Whyte, a former Liberal member of the British House of Commons who had been a parliamentary private secretary to Winston Churchill.Sachchidananda Sinha was the Deputy President of Assembly in 1921.
Ganesh Vasudev Mavlankar was the last President of the Assembly till the Assembly came to an end on 14 August 1947. He became the first Speaker of the Constituent Assembly of India, and in 1952 the first Speaker of the "Lok Sabha", the lower house of the Parliament of India.)
Dissolution.
As per the Indian Independence Act 1947, the Central Legislative Assembly and the Council of States ceased to exist and the Constituent Assembly of India became the central legislature of India.

</doc>
<doc id="20888920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888920" title="Suså River">
Suså River

The 83 km long Suså River (Susåen), Zealand's largest waterway and longest river, runs into Lake Tystrup, the 8th largest lake in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20888945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888945" title="Autolysis (wine)">
Autolysis (wine)

Autolysis in winemaking relates to the complex chemical reactions that take place when a wine spends time in contact with the lees, or dead yeast cells, after fermentation. While for some wines autolysis is undesirable, it is a vital component in shaping the flavors and mouth feel associated with premium Champagne production. The practice of leaving a wine to age on its lees (or "sur lie" aging) has a long history in winemaking dating back to Roman winemaking. The chemical process and details of autolysis were not originally understood but the positive effects of a creamy mouthfeel, breadlike and floral aroma, as well as reduced astringency were noticed early on.
History.
Ancient Roman writers, like Marcus Porcius Cato, observed that wine that was left on its lees (or sediment as they knew it) exhibited different characteristics than wine that was quickly separated from its sediment. While the Romans did not understand the full chemical process or details behind the autolysis that took place, they were able to perceive the results of this autolysis in the creamy mouthfeel, reduced astringency and unique flavors and aromas that developed. With modern day understanding of autolysis, winemaking in the Champagne have strict regulation regarding the time Champagne must spend in contact with its lees in order to receive some benefit from autolysis. Under "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) regulations, wines from Champagne cannot legally be sold until it has gone through autolysis in the bottle for at least 15 months with non-vintage Champagne. Vintage Champagne must have a minimum of 3 years aging with some Champagne houses extending the time for autolysis to nearly 7 years.
Process.
During fermentation, yeast cells convert the sugar in the grape must into ethanol. When the sugar food source for the yeast and necessary nutrients such as nitrogen run out, or the alcohol level of the wine reaches such a point to where it is toxic for the yeast, the cells die and sink to the bottom of the fermentation vessel. These dead cells, or "lees", are normally removed by racking the wine into a clean vessel. If the wine is left in contact with the lees, enzymes start to break the cells down producing mannoproteins (mannose-containing glycoproteins) and polysaccharides that are released into the wine. In sparkling wine production, a wine is made "sparkling" or "bubbly" because a secondary fermentation is introduced when the wine is contained within a sealed wine bottle. During this time the wine is deliberately kept in contact with its lees inside the bottle for a period ranging from a couple months to several years. Studies have shown that the chemical reaction of autolysis, and its impact on the wine, starts to become noticeable after 18 months and will continue to impart traits for at least 5 years. The sparkling wine is eventually separated from its lees through a technique known as riddling and disgorgement.
Influences on the wine.
The effects of autolysis on wine contributes to a creamy mouthfeel that may make a wine seem to have a fuller body. The release of enzymes inhibits oxidation which improves some of the aging potential of the wine. The mannoproteins improve the overall stability of the proteins in the wine by reducing the amount of tartrates that are precipitated out. They may also bind with the tannins in the wine to reduce the perception of bitterness or astringency in the wine. The increased production of amino acids leads to the develop of several flavors associated with premium Champagne including aromas of biscuits or bread dough, nuttiness and acacia. As the wine ages further, more complex notes may develop from the effects of autolysis.
Potential faults.
If not properly managed, wine faults can potentially develop from autolysis. If the layer of lees begins to exceed 4 inches (10 centimeters), the enzymes released from the process of the yeast digesting themselves creates reducing conditions and promotes the development of hydrogen sulfide and mercaptan odors. The process of stirring the lees or "bâttonage" can help prevent a thick layer of lees forming and promote a smoother autolysis. Poor hygiene of the winemaking equipment or wine made from grapes that had residue from fungicide can create off odors smelling of sulfide.
See also.
Light Lees Protocol

</doc>
<doc id="20888946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888946" title="Sorkočević">
Sorkočević

Sorkočević may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20888950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888950" title="Čeplje, Lukovica">
Čeplje, Lukovica

Čeplje is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20888963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888963" title="Bruno Edgar Siegheim">
Bruno Edgar Siegheim

Bruno Edgar Siegheim (24 May 1875 in Berlin, Germany – 5 November 1952 in Johannesburg, South Africa) was a German–South African chess master.
He took 3rd, behind Julius Finn and Hermann Keidanski, at New York 1903 (The Rice Gambit tournament at the Manhattan Chess Club). Then, he twice won South African Chess Championship (1906 and 1912), and lost to Max Blieden in challenge (1910), 
defeated Harry Duhan in challenge (1911), and defeated Henk Meihuizen in challenge (1912). 
After World War I, he tied for 5-6th at Malvern 1921 (Frederick Yates won), and shared 2nd with Richard Réti, behind Akiba Rubinstein, at Hastings International Chess Congress in 1922/23. He also played a match with Mir Sultan Khan at London 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="20888969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888969" title="Vikramshila Express">
Vikramshila Express

The train connects Bhagalpur (Station Code : BGP) in eastern Bihar to Patna (Station Code : PNBE), capital of Bihar and also the national capital Anand Vihar Terminal (Station Code : ANVT).
Train Number
In the early time Vikramshila run from Bhagalpur to Patna Junction and from Patna, the boggies of Vikramshila were attached to Magadh Express and the train was then named Magadh Express, which leaves Patna Jn. at 8:00 pm. At that time Poorva Express and Magadh Express were the best trains leaving for New Delhi from Patna. Later on, when Mr. Nitish Kumar became the railway minister of India, he gave Vikramshila its own existence and since then Vikramshila Express uses to run from Bhagalpur to Anand Vihar on its own name. In the mean time, Mr. Kumar introduced Sampoorna Kranti Express from Patna to New Delhi. Both the trains were non stop from Patna to New Delhi (Mughalsarai & Kanpur - technical halts). 
This was a great relief for the passengers of Bhagalpur, Sultanganj, Bariarpur, Jamalpur Junction, Abhaipur, Kajra, Luckeesarai, Barhiya, Hathidah Junction & Mokama Junction.
This is one of the fastest trains of Indian Railways. It runs from Bhagalpur to Kiul, With Diesel Engine, At Kiul Junction, Diesel engine is replaced by Electric Engine. 
During its return from Anand Vihar (ANVT) to Kiul Junction (KIUL), It runs with Electric Engine, after Mughalsarai it runs with Diesel Engine.
Time-Table
Loco Links
Vikramshila is the most important train for Bhagalpur. The percentage of people travelling from Bhagalpur to any station by any train is the very less than Vikramshila alone.
12367 Up Vikramshila Express and 12393 Up Sampoorna Kranti Express both running time is same but 12367 arriving time is before than 12393 so 12367 has more chances to arriving right time at destination.
This was the work for the people of Bhagalpur, Jamalpur, Kiul and Mokama.
Important Halts

</doc>
<doc id="20888976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888976" title="Jalan Bukit Merah">
Jalan Bukit Merah

Jalan Bukit Merah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20888978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888978" title="Basque parliamentary election, 1984">
Basque parliamentary election, 1984

Elections to the Parliament of the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country, Spain, were held on February 26, 1984.
The Basque Nationalist Party (PNV) won 32 seats, the Socialists came second with 19 seats, Herri Batasuna came third with 11 seats, the Popular Coalition won 7 seats, and Euskadiko Ezkerra won 6 seats.
An additional 15 seats were contested in this election as opposed to the election of 1980 making a total of 75 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20888979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888979" title="William Senhouse Kirkes">
William Senhouse Kirkes

William Senhouse Kirkes (21 January 1822 near Cartmel, Lancashire – 8 December 1864) was an English physiologist noted for his reference work ""Kirkes' Physiology"" which first appeared in 1848.
Life.
He was born in 1823 at Holker in North Lancashire. 
After education at the grammar school of Cartmel he was, at the age of thirteen, apprenticed to a partnership of surgeons in Lancaster, and went thence to St. Bartholomew's Hospital, London, in 1841. 
He was distinguished in the school examinations, and in 1846 graduated M.D. at Berlin. 
In 1855, he was elected a fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of London, and delivered the Gulstonian lectures there in 1856. 
Sir James Paget was then warden of the college of St. Bartholomew's Hospital, and in 1848 he and Kirkes published a "Handbook of Physiology," which soon became popular among students of medicine. 
A second edition appeared in 1851, and further editions by Kirkes alone in 1856, 1860, and 1863. In 1867, 1869, 1872, and l876 further editions by William Morrant Baker appeared. 
Vincent Dormer Harris was next joined with Baker in several editions, and then edited the book himself, with the assistance of Mr. D'Arcy Power. 
John Murray, the publisher, to whom it was a valuable property, next employed William Dobbinson Halliburton, under whose care no part of the original work of Kirkes, except his name on the outside cover, remained, and in this form the book goes through almost annual editions, and is still the most popular textbook of physiology for medical students.
Kirkes was appointed demonstrator of morbid anatomy to St. Bartholomew's Hospital in 1848, and in 1854 defeated Dr. John William Hue in a contest for the office of assistant physician. 
He became lecturer on botany, and then on medicine, and in 1864, when Sir George Burrows resigned, he was elected physician to the hospital. 
He died at his house in Lower Seymour Street of double pneumonia with pericarditis after five days' illness on 8 December 1864.
Work.
His most original work is a paper in the "Transactions of the Royal Medical and Chirurgical Society of London" (xxxv. 281 ) on "Embolism, or the carrying of blood-clots from the heart to remote parts of the body," a pathological process then just beginning to be recognised.
Kirkes' main research field was cardiology and vascular disease, and he first described embolism from vegetations in infective endocarditis in 1852. 
In 1855, he published a paper on apoplexy in Bright's disease, in which he singled out the role played by increased intra-arterial tension in arterial disease.

</doc>
<doc id="20888986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888986" title="Flacourtia jangomas">
Flacourtia jangomas

Flacourtia jangomas, Indian plum, coffee plum, is a lowland and mountain rain forest tree in the Salicaceae or Willow Family. It is widely cultivated in Southeast and East Asia, and has escaped cultivation in a number of places. Its wild origin is unknown but is speculated to be tropical Asia, perhaps India. It is a small shrub or tree that grows to a height of 10m. It produces small white to green fragrant flowers. The fruit is eaten both raw and cooked as a jam, and the bark is sometimes used medicinally. It is sometimes harvested for its lumber. The plant is considered one of the primary host plants of the Queensland fruit fly ("Bactrocera tryoni")

</doc>
<doc id="20888990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888990" title="Češnjice, Lukovica">
Češnjice, Lukovica

Češnjice () is a small village in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Our Lady of Mount Carmel. In 18th century it was a well-known pilgrimage place.

</doc>
<doc id="20889029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889029" title="Gabrje pod Špilkom">
Gabrje pod Špilkom

Gabrje pod Špilkom is a small settlement in the hills north of Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Gabrje" to "Gabrje pod Špilkom" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20889031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889031" title="Battle of Same">
Battle of Same

The Battle of Same (4 March 2007) was fought in the village of Same in Timor Leste, south of the capital Dili, between Australian Special Forces and Petitioner rebels under the command of Alfredo Reinado. The operation occurred under the auspices of Operation Astute, being the deployment of Australian forces in the wake of 2006 East Timorese crisis, and resulted in the Australians successfully securing the target compound and defeating the small rebel force, before the assault was called off by the Timor Leste government. Reinado and nine other rebels subsequently evaded the Australian cordon, however, and made good their escape into the mountains.
Prelude.
Alfredo Reinado was a significant figure during the crisis, leading a mutiny in May 2006 during which nearly 600 soldiers deserted and triggered clashes between rival factions of the Timor Leste Defence Force (F-FDTL) and the National Police of East Timor (PNTL). He was subsequently detained on charges of murder and mutiny. However, he later escaped from Becora Prison in Dili along with 50 other prisoners on 30 August 2006 and had been on the run ever since, all the while attempting to negotiate a pardon. Following a large man-hunt he was finally tracked to a mountain compound in Same in late February 2007.
The situation became serious after Reinado's rebels raided a police station west of Maliana on 25 February and stole radios, automatic assault rifles, pistols and ammunition. In response Australian and New Zealand forces from the International Stabilisation Force (ISF), including infantry from 6th Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment and 1st Battalion, Royal New Zealand Infantry Regiment and armour from B Squadron, 3rd/4th Cavalry Regiment, were subsequently ordered to seal off Same. Following the failure of negotiations between the Timor Leste government and the rebels, the decision was made to detain Reinado by force, with President Xanana Gusmão ordering international security forces to arrest him.
Battle.
On 1 March Reinado was quoted on Al Jezeera as saying that "Australian special troops" were away from his hideout and that he would "fight to the end", criticising the government and stating that "if any political leader wants to harm the stability of this nation, I have a right to stand up and defend the people." Brigadier Mal Rerden, Commander ISF, subsequently delivered an ultimatum, saying that "any operation to capture Reinado would involve appropriate use of force", urging him to surrender. "He has one option. He can help the people of Timor-Leste by surrendering himself and removing the threat of the weapons... If he cares about the people of Timor-Leste, if he cares about the people with him now, he would give up his weapons and surrender. Anything that happens from now on is his responsibility."
Reinado refused to surrender however, and following the written approval by the Timor Leste authorities for the conduct of offensive operations, four C-130 Hercules aircraft carrying a task force consisting of approximately 100 Australian special forces troops subsequently deployed to Dili on 2 March. Known as the Apprehension Task Group, it was believed to include a Commando Company from the 4th Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment as well as personnel from the Special Air Service Regiment. Under the overall command of Lieutenant Colonel Mark Smethurst, a Special Forces officer with extensive operational experience in Iraq and Afghanistan, the elite force was tasked with capturing Reinado and ending the stand-off.
Although many of the details of the operation remain classified, according to one report the Special Forces assault group moved in late on 3 March, while ISF conventional forces secured the approaches to the compound. An S-70A Blackhawk helicopter inserted one Special Forces team into the compound, while three M113 armored personnel carriers from 3/4CAV moved on the Petitioners, inserting another Special Forces team into blocking positions. At 01:45 on 4 March a second Blackhawk deployed another assault group into the corn garden close to the compound. It is believed that the rebels subsequently detected the Australian insertion and opened fire on the helicopter, with the Australians returning fire in response and killing two rebels before continuing with the assault. At least two more of Reinado's men were killed and another wounded during the subsequent fighting, which continued for a further 90 minutes.
However for reasons that remain unclear Dili then ordered the Australian assault to cease, and the Special Forces teams were subsequently stood down. Reinado and nine other rebels—possibly including Gastao Salsinha according to one source—were believed to have evaded the Australian cordon amid the thick vegetation, and made good their escape into the mountains. The Australians subsequently occupied the compound.
Aftermath.
During the clearance of the compound five rebels were found dead and one wounded, while a number of others were also captured. There were no Australian casualties in the operation. Meanwhile, a major ISF cordon and sweep operation of the area failed to capture the survivors. Rerden was later quoted in the media as saying that the rebels were killed "because they were armed and posed an unpredictable threat." Further stating that "we don't have him," and we are "continuing the operation to capture him", denying that the operation had been botched although declining to give additional details. "Any operation is a series of phases... this operation is ongoing and it will succeed." He said his troops had cleared Reinado's base and captured some prisoners, but he declined to say how many.
Regardless, despite successfully securing the compound and defeating the small rebel force, the most immediate consequence of the mission was its failure to capture Reinado. Indeed he remained on the run, leading to concerns about the potential for violence in the lead up to East Timor's presidential elections, set for 9 April. Equally there was significant criticism of the conduct of the operation in the press in Australia and from the public in Timor Leste, with large crowds rioting outside the Australian embassy in Dili and in the village of Gleno where Reinado grew up, trashing cars and two government buildings. Ultimately the elections passed peacefully however, and by mid-April 2007 the search for Reinado was called off by the Timor Leste government, ostensibly in order to facilitate dialogue.
In August 2007 Reinado subsequently met with José Ramos-Horta, who was by this time President, with the pair backing the initiation of a dialogue that would seek a peaceful resolution. However, on 11 February 2008 violence flared again, and Reinado was subsequently killed during a coordinated attempt to assassinate both Gusmão and Ramos-Horta.

</doc>
<doc id="20889042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889042" title="Varanasi Junction railway station">
Varanasi Junction railway station

Varanasi Junction, popularly known as Varanasi Cantt Railway Station is the major rail hub in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is one of the busiest and important railway stations in India. It is one of the largest station in Uttar Pradesh.
Overview.
The Varanasi Cant Railway Station has modern Route Interlock System with automated signalling system. Varanasi Cant is the highest revenue generating station of Indian Railways, as the station records a rush of more than 363,000 passengers and more than 260 trains passing through here on a daily basis. It is partly under the administrative control of Lucknow Division of the Northern Railway Zone, and partly under the administrative control of Varanasi Division of the North Eastern Railway Zone of the Indian Railways. Railway Minister Miss Mamata Bannerjee has included Varanasi Cant in World-Class Railway Stations development project.
The first railway line to Banaras or Benares was opened from Howrah in December 1862 and was built by the East Indian Railway Company. The station was built on right bank of the Ganges. Later in 1872, Oudh & Rohilkund Railway Company opened rail line from Benaras to Lucknow. In 1887, Dufferin Bridge was constructed over the Ganges at Benares allowing trains to go to Mughalsarai.
The present building towards city side was constructed during the regime of Mr Kamlapati Tripathi as railway minister. Cantonment side building was opened in 1998 by then railway minister Mr Nitish Kumar. The circulating area was renovated in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20889050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889050" title="Steven White">
Steven White

Steven White may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20889053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889053" title="Anton Urspruch">
Anton Urspruch

Anton Urspruch (Frankfurt am Main, February 17, 1850 – Frankfurt am Main, January 11, 1907) was a German composer and pedagogue who belonged to the late German Romantic era.
Life and career.
Urspruch was a pupil of Ignaz Lachner and Joachim Raff in Frankfurt, and later one of the favourite students of Franz Liszt in Weimar.
In 1878 he was appointed one of the first teachers at the Hoch Conservatory in Frankfurt when it opened there, teaching piano and composition and had friendly communication with Clara Schumann and Johannes Brahms. After the death in 1882 of the Conservatory director Joachim Raff, Urspruch moved to the newly founded Raff-Konservatorium in Frankfurt, where he taught until his death.
In 1883 Urspruch married Emmy Cranz, daughter of the music publisher August Cranz.
In addition to his teaching, he produced a wide variety of compositions from piano solo, solo voice, choir, chamber music up to large orchestral works as well as two operas. Many of his works had successful performances in Berlin, Hamburg, Cologne, Leipzig and Frankfurt.
In the last years of his life Urspruch was part of the revival of Gregorian Chant, having contact with the Beuron Archabbey and the cloister at Maria Laach Abbey.
In his lifetime Urspruch was highly recognised internationally as an advocate of the late romantic period. After his early death he was soon forgotten.
Recordings.
Few of Urspruch's works are commercially available. Some of his songs have been released by the German label MDG (opp. 6, 8, 23 & 25), whilst the E flat major Symphony and the Piano Concerto have been recorded (but are awaiting publication by the label CPO).

</doc>
<doc id="20889061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889061" title="H. S. Phoolka">
H. S. Phoolka

Harvinder Singh Phoolka, commonly known as H. S. Phoolka, is a senior advocate of Delhi High Court, politician, Human Rights activist, and author. He is known for spearheading one of the longest and most tortuous legal "crusades" to gain justice for the victims of 1984 anti-Sikh riots and fighting individual cases on the involvement of Congress-I leaders H. K. L. Bhagat, Sajjan Kumar and Jagdish Tytler despite the government cover-up. He received threatening letters for unearthing involvements of ruling political party leaders in what the Asian Age called ""the Mother of all Cover-ups"" in a front-page story. The special anniversary edition of the Outlook (magazine) included Phoolka in its list of 50 people that make a difference in India, alongside Amartya Sen and Abhinav Ghosh. He is contesting 2014 Lok Sabha Polls as an AAP Candidate from Ludhiana.
Early life and education.
Phoolka's formative years were spent at his native village Bhadaur, in the Barnala district of Punjab, India.
His education began in a small school in his village. He graduated from Ludhiana, and went to Law School in Chandigarh. He belongs to the glorious Phoolkian dynasty's Bhadaur chiefs. One of the most famous families of India. This is senior branch of Patiala family. His ancestors were great rulers of Punjab.
Family.
Phoolka married Maninder Kaur in 1983. She is a food technologist and was a 1990 "outstanding graduate" of American Institute of Baking, Kansas. She is said to have declined job offers in the United States and returned to India to support her husband's struggle for justice
Career.
After completing his law degree in Chandigarh, Phoolka landed in Delhi to practice law. He served as member-secretary of the Justice Narula Committee formed in 1993 to probe the carnage. He was later appointed the counsel for Central Government in January 2001. He is known as a lawyer who won't take up a case if he finds that the client is in the wrong.
1984 Anti-Sikh massacre.
Phoolka is well known for spearheading the crusade to seek justice in the 1984 anti-Sikh riots in New Delhi that followed the assassination of Indira Gandhi and resulted in the killing of approximately 2,733 Sikhs and displacement of over 50,000 Sikhs within 2 days.
He was then just 28 years old and new to practicing law and the city of Delhi.
He has put the cause of justice for 1984 Sikh massacre victims before his career and family life.
First encounter and escaping the massacre.
Phoolka was caught in the massacre while driving pregnant wife Maninder Kaur home on his motorbike.
When informed by a friend of the attacks on Sikhs, he avoided the main roads to reach his home in South Delhi via the slums of Kotla Mubarakpur.
Phoolka's Hindu landlord drove the mob away by telling them that the Phoolka family had left Delhi and hid them in his store room. There the Phoolkas spent 2 days, and came out under escort. They then flew to Chandigarh in the cockpit of an overcrowded plane.
Resolution to fight.
Phoolka planned to move his residence to Chandigarh after the riots, but he learned that lawyers were needed to draft affidavits on behalf of the victims, and went to the Farsh Vihar relief camp to help.
The sight of orphans, bereaved mothers and wives in the relief camp prompted the Phoolkas to change their plans. Instead of relocating to Chandigarh, they chose to stay and help the victims of the massacre.
Since then, Phoolka has fought cases relentlessly for the victims despite government cover-up.
Formation of Citizens Justice Committee.
Phoolka conceived and pursued the formation of the Citizen's Justice Committee (CJC). The CJC served as an umbrella organization for several human rights activists and legal luminaries.
Floated in May 1985, the CJC has been pivotal in representing the 1984 anti-Sikh massacre victims before the various judicial commissions that have been formed for inquiry into the massacres.
Membership included Justice Ranjit Singh Narula, Soli Sorabjee, General Jagjit Singh Aurora, Justice V. M. Tarkunde and Khushwant Singh.
As a counselor for the CJC, Phoolka represented the victims before the first formal sitting of the Mishra Commission on 29 July 1985.
The proceedings of the sitting were not made public and were closed to the press.
In March 1986, the CJC withdrew its cooperation from the Mishra Commission because it disagreed with the commissions decision to hold secret proceedings, and started filing individual court cases.
Mooting of Carnage84 website.
To make the many documents and findings of Citizens Justice Committee on 1984 Sikh massacre available to the general public, Phoolka mooted the idea of the "Carnage84.com" website, which was launched 10 July 2001 and claimed 150,000 visits from people of 30 different countries within only 10 days of it going online
Blog on 1984 trials and related issues.
Mr. Phoolka has recently started to write a blog on matters relating to the 1984 riots. His blog can be accessed at www.phoolka.org and at phoolka.wordpress.com
Mr. Phoolka has also decided to tweet on issues relating to 1984 riots. His twitter address is www.twitter.com/hsphoolka
Political career.
Phoolka joined the Aam Aadmi Party in Jan, 2014.He is contesting against Congress spokesperson Manish Tiwari from Ludhiana loksabha seat.
Book.
Phoolka, along with human rights activist and journalist Manoj Mitta, has written the first account of the 1984 Anti-Sikh massacre in the form of a book titled "When a Tree Shook Delhi".

</doc>
<doc id="20889063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889063" title="Port Spencer">
Port Spencer

Port Spencer is a proposed bulk commodities port development project, previously known as Sheep Hill. It is located on lower Eyre Peninsula, on the eastern shore of Spencer Gulf, South Australia. The project was conceived by Centrex Metals Ltd for the export of iron ore from prospective iron ore deposits at Wilgerup and in the hills of Koppio on Lower Eyre Peninsula, South Australia. The port project is dependent on the approval of the Fusion Magnetite Project, which is a joint venture partnership between Centrex Metals Ltd and Wuhan Iron & Steel (Group) Co, a Chinese government steelmaking enterprise. Pending mine and port project environmental approvals and adequate capital investment, the port would be built by Centrex Metals Ltd.
Location & Transport.
The site for Port Spencer is located at Sheep Hill and about northeast of the town of Tumby Bay. The port could be served by a narrow gauge branchline from Ungarra on the Eyre Peninsula Railway. Lipson Cove lies immediately to the south with the proposed wharf structure 1.5 kilometres north of Lipson Island Conservation Park.
Swaffers Road is marked to become a future haul road. The company's favoured method for the long-term transport of ore to the port is via a slurry pipeline.
A desalination plant capable of producing of 5-20 gigalitres of water per year will be required to provide the water necessary to transport the ore in a slurry to the Port Spencer site. Once the ore is dewatered, it would be loaded onto conveyors, along a jetty and onto capesize bulk carrier vessels.
An alternative development announced in November 2013 could see the ore trans-shipped from a shorter jetty in barges, each carrying 15,000 tonnes. If such a method were to be employed, 12 barge-loads (round trips) would be required to fill a single capesize vessel, with a capacity of 180,000 tonnes.
Environmental Approval Process.
The port development requires three stages of environmental approvals plus associated mine development approvals in order to proceed. 
The development of Port Spencer also remains dependent on the advancement of the Fusion Magnetite Project, which requires its own environmental approvals at both State and Federal levels.
Remaining Approvals required.
As of November 4, 2013 Centrex Metals Ltd is yet to release its Stage 2 Public Environment Report (PER) for consideration and approval by the South Australian Government. This publication is expected to detail the company's plans to construct a reverse osmosis seawater desalination plant which will return waste brine to Spencer Gulf with elevated salinity. The brine return was considered by the Federal Government to be a potential risk to the Fairy Tern, which relies on nearby populations of bait fish in order to breed successfully. Lipson Island Conservation Park is considered to be suitable breeding habitat for the Fairy Tern, and historical sighting records exist for the area. If Fairy Terns are shown to utilise Lipson Island Conservation Park for breeding, the impact of desalination brine on distribution or abundance of available prey species could adversely impact their population.
Centrex Metals Ltd is yet to demonstrate that their desalination plant's brine outflow will not adversely impact marine biota.

</doc>
<doc id="20889066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889066" title="New Zealand State Highway 44">
New Zealand State Highway 44

State Highway 44 is a New Zealand State Highway. At 5.2 km it is one of the shortest highways on the network. Its entire length is within the New Plymouth city area.
History.
SH44 was created in response to an increase in truck traffic between SH3 and Port Taranaki and the resulting damage being caused to the preferred route (Breakwater Rd/St Aubyn St/Molesworth St). Initially Transit New Zealand was opposed to taking on the road as part of the highway network (making it responsible for the maintenance rather than the New Plymouth District Council) as for much of the route SH45 is less than 200m away and runs in parallel. However as SH45 is a hillier route, uses the one-way network, and has a greater number of traffic lights insisting heavy vehicles use that route was not feasible and Transit eventually granted network status.
Route.
This is the route taken by SH44 in 2008.
The highway leaves SH3 at the corners where Leach (westbound one-way) and Courtenay (eastbound one-way) Streets intersect with Eliot Street (north-south) just north-east of the New Plymouth CBD. This is the same place where SH45 also commences. It continues along Eliot St to Molesworth Street then west along this stretch of road, which in turn becomes St Aubyn Street then Breakwater Road. While it terminates at Port Taranaki both entrances to the port are part of SH44. The first is via Bayly Road and Ocean View Parade while the other is at the end of Breakwater Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20889087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889087" title="Basque parliamentary election, 1980">
Basque parliamentary election, 1980

The first elections to the Parliament of the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country, Spain, were held on March 9, 1980.
The Basque Nationalist Party (PNV) won 25 seats, Herri Batasuna came second with 11 seats, the Socialist Party came third with 9 seats. The Union of the Democratic Centre and Euskadiko Ezkerra won 6 seats each.

</doc>
<doc id="20889091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889091" title="Jessica Straus">
Jessica Straus

Jessica Suzanne Straus is an American voice actress who works in animation, anime and video game series. She provided voices for such titles as "Super Street Fighter IV", .hack//GU//Rebirth" and "". Other roles that Straus has done include Gidget on "Eureka Seven" and the Amazon character in the game "Diablo II".

</doc>
<doc id="20889094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889094" title="Girls Aloud discography">
Girls Aloud discography

The discography of English-Irish girl group Girls Aloud consists of five studio albums, two greatest hits albums, two live albums, and one remix album. The band has also released twenty-one singles and have provided eleven original recordings for other albums.
Girls Aloud was formed in 2002 on the ITV1 talent show "". Viewers voted for Cheryl Tweedy, Nicola Roberts, Nadine Coyle, Kimberley Walsh and Sarah Harding to be members of the group. The following month they won the program by claiming the coveted Christmas Number One, ahead of the male group One True Voice. They released their debut single "Sound of the Underground", which became the Christmas number-one on both the UK Singles Chart and Irish Singles Chart. Their second single, "No Good Advice", was released in both CD and DVD single formats in May 2003. A week later, the group released their debut album "Sound of the Underground", which was certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). The third single to be taken from the album was "Life Got Cold". Their fourth single, "Jump", a cover version of "Jump (for My Love)" by The Pointer Sisters, was taken from the soundtrack for the film "Love Actually", and appeared on the re-issue of "Sound of the Underground".
"What Will the Neighbours Say?", the group's second album, was released in November 2004 and produced four singles, "The Show", "Love Machine", "I'll Stand by You", and "Wake Me Up". Preceded by the singles "Long Hot Summer" and "Biology", their third album, "Chemistry", was released in December 2005. It is their lowest charting album to date, although it was still certified platinum in the UK. The following year, Girls Aloud released their greatest hits anthology, "The Sound of Girls Aloud", which included their twelve singles and three new songs, two of which, "Something Kinda Ooooh" and "I Think We're Alone Now", were released as singles. March 2007 saw the release of "Walk This Way", a charity single for Comic Relief, performed in collaboration with Sugababes.
In November 2007, the album "Tangled Up" was released and entered the UK Albums chart at number four. It was preceded by the lead single "Sexy! No No No...". The group's nineteenth single, "The Promise", was released in October 2008, and entered the UK and Irish Singles Charts at Number one and two respectively. It was taken from "Out of Control", their fifth studio album, which was released on 31 October 2008 in Ireland and 2 November in the UK. "The Loving Kind" was released on 12 January 2009 in the UK and peaked at number ten in the UK, becoming their 20th consecutive top 10 single, while "Untouchable" reached number 11, making it their first single to miss the UK top 10. In 2012, the group's second greatest hits album "Ten" was released and entered the UK Albums Chart at number nine. The album yielded two singles, "Something New" and "Beautiful 'Cause You Love Me" which were both released in 2012.
Girls Aloud have sold over 4.3 million singles and 4 million albums in the United Kingdom alone.
Other appearances.
These songs have not appeared on any release by Girls Aloud.

</doc>
<doc id="20889108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889108" title="List of Orthodox churches">
List of Orthodox churches

Orthodox Churches (those that use the word "Orthodox" in the name) belong mainly to two groups, Eastern Orthodoxy and Oriental Orthodoxy. Apart from these two groups, some other quite unconnected Churches in the West also call themselves Orthodox. An example is the Celtic Orthodox Church.
Eastern Orthodoxy.
Eastern Orthodox Churches (not in communion).
Traditionalist schisms.
^ Autonomous Alexandrian Eastern (Greek) Pan Orthodox Church 
Others.
Some small churches in the West use the word "Orthodox" in their titles but are quite distinct from these two families of churches. Examples include the African Orthodox Church and the Celtic Orthodox Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20889110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889110" title="Golčaj">
Golčaj

Golčaj is a small settlement south of Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It has no permanent residents.
The local church is built on a hill above the settlement and is dedicated to Saint Agnes (). It is the oldest church in the area and was first mentioned in documents dating to 1526. Its wooden ceiling dates to 1680 and was restored in 1990. The main altar is from 1858.

</doc>
<doc id="20889121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889121" title="Robert Domergue">
Robert Domergue

Robert Domergue (November 21, 1921–January 22, 2014) was French football (soccer) player and manager. He played for his hometown club Cannes.
He most notably coached Alès, Valenciennes, France (as assistant coach), Marseille, ES Tunis, Monaco, Strasbourg, Cannes and Dunkerque.

</doc>
<doc id="20889124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889124" title="Kashi Vishwanath Express">
Kashi Vishwanath Express

Kashi Vishwanath Express is an Indian railway that runs between Varanasi Junction in Uttar Pradesh and New Delhi Railway Station.
The train is named after the Kashi Vishwanath Temple in Varanasi. Main towns along the way are Pratapgarh, Amethi, Rae Bareli, Lucknow, Hardoi, Bareilly, Moradabad, Amroha and Ghaziabad. It operates daily and covers a distance of . Kashi Vishwanath Express offers first A/C, second A/C, third A/C and sleeper class coaches and pantry car services. The Kashi Vishwanath Express is usually hauled by a wdp4 locomotive (Siliguri shed).

</doc>
<doc id="20889146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889146" title="Descaling agent">
Descaling agent

A descaling agent, or chemical descaler, is a chemical used to remove limescale from metal surfaces in contact with hot water, such as in boilers, water heaters, and kettles. Descaling agents are typically acidic compounds such as hydrochloric acid that react with the alkaline carbonate compounds present in the scale, producing carbon dioxide gas and a soluble salt. Strongly acidic descaling agents are often corrosive to the eyes and skin.

</doc>
<doc id="20889152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889152" title="Gorenje, Lukovica">
Gorenje, Lukovica

Gorenje is a small settlement in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20889163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889163" title="Celery Victor">
Celery Victor

Celery Victor is an historical American marinaded celery salad dish invented in 1910 by Victor Hirtzler, head chef at San Francisco's St. Francis Hotel, who is also credited by as with inventing Crab Louie.
The dish, an "American classic", was popularized by author Clarence Edwords in his 1914 book, "A Bohemian Guide to San Francisco Restaurants". To prepare, celery hearts are simmered in a veal or chicken stock, chilled (often in a citrus or vinegar marinade), tossed with mild peppers, then served over Romaine lettuce.

</doc>
<doc id="20889173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889173" title="SRWare Iron">
SRWare Iron

SRWare Iron is a freeware web browser, an implementation of the Chromium by SRWare of Germany, which primarily aims to eliminate usage tracking and other privacy-compromising functionality that the Google Chrome browser includes. While Iron does not provide extra privacy compared to Chromium after proper settings are altered in the latter, it does implement some additional features that distinguish it from Google Chrome, such as built-in ad blocking.
Iron is issued by SRWare under an "all rights reserved" license, indicating that it is made from a combination of proprietary and free software. Although SRWare claims ""Iron is free and OpenSource"" the source code hosted in RapidShare is blocked by the uploader.
On 11 August 2010, Microsoft updated the BrowserChoice.eu website in order to include Iron as one of the possible choices.
Development history.
Iron was first released as a beta version on 18 September 2008, 16 days after Google Chrome's initial release.
On 26 May 2009 a Preview-Release (Pre-Alpha) of Iron came out for Linux. And on 7 January 2010 a beta version for Mac OS was released.
More recent versions of Iron have been released since then, which has gained the features of the underlying Chromium codebase, including Google Chrome theme support, a user agent switcher, an extension system, integrated Adblocker and improved Linux support.
If a user has Chromium installed, attempting to run Iron and Chromium simultaneously will open a new window of the first browser opened. Iron and Chromium also share all data (i.e. Bookmarks, History, etc.).
Differences from Chrome.
The following Google Chrome features are not present in Iron:

</doc>
<doc id="20889213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889213" title="The Islamic College">
The Islamic College

The Islamic College is a London-based academic institution specialising in Islamic Studies at both graduate and undergraduate level. Its degree programmes are accredited by Middlesex University.
Introduction.
The Islamic College represents the fusion of the classical with the modern. The College's mission is to promote a new approach to the study of Islam and Muslims by providing an 'insider's perspective' on Islam and fostering a non-sectarian outlook. It is the only institute of higher Islamic learning in the UK whose degrees are validated by a well-known external universities, Middlesex University and International University of Al-Mustafa in Qum as affiliated of Ayatollah Khamenei, the leader of Islamic Republic of Iran. The Islamic College offers undergraduate and postgraduate degrees, and publishes academic texts in Islamic studies as well as a quarterly academic journal.
Publications.
The Islamic College houses ICAS Press which has published a number of classical and modern Islamic texts and translations, particularly in the areas of Qur'an and hadith studies, theology, philosophy, mysticism, politics, and history. ICAS Press also produces the Journal of Shi'a Islamic Studies (JSIS), a quarterly publication containing academic articles and book reviews of relevance to the study of Shi'ism, which is the world's first international peer-reviewed journal on Shi'a studies to be listed by major academic indices. Recently, it has also launched MIU Press and EWI press which are dedicated to the printing of translations of the Encyclopaedia of the World of Islam as well as a wider variety of Islamic works.
Undergraduate.
There are currently three undergraduate programmes offered, BA Islamic Studies, BA Muslim Cultures and Civilizations, and BA Hawza Studies. The former aims to introduce students to the salient features of Islam as a system of belief and intellectual tradition from its inception until the modern era; covering essential subjects such as Islamic law, history, philosophy and the Arabic language. The second aims to provide a broader perspective on Islam as a civilisation and this is reflected in its course content. The latter focuses on religious studies, as would be found in a hawzah or traditional seminary.
Postgraduate.
The Islamic College also offers MA degrees in Islamic Studies, Islamic Finance, and Islam and the West (formerly Comparative Philosophy). These are offered both in-house and via distance education. There is also a DPhil programme. These are also validated by Middlesex University and/or are joint programmes.
Certificate courses.
In addition to degree programmes, the Islamic College also offers a number of certificate courses such as Qur'anic Arabic, Persian, Islamic Banking, Islam and Human rights and Islamic Philosophy.

</doc>
<doc id="20889214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889214" title="Gradišče pri Lukovici">
Gradišče pri Lukovici

Gradišče pri Lukovici () is a settlement in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Gradišče" to "Gradišče pri Lukovici" in 1953. 
Church.
The local church is built is dedicated to Saint Margaret (). It dates to the early 16th century.
Gradišče Reservoir.
South of the settlement lies the reservoir Lake Gradišče.

</doc>
<doc id="20889237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889237" title="Hribi, Lukovica">
Hribi, Lukovica

Hribi is a dispersed settlement near Trojane in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Hribi and Zapleš (in older sources also "Za Plešjo", ) to the south, Lebenice to the north, and Velika Raven () and Drtno to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20889249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889249" title="Imovica">
Imovica

Imovica is a small settlement southwest of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20889256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889256" title="Jason Lorber">
Jason Lorber

Jason P. Lorber is a consultant, comedian and politician from Burlington, Vermont. A Democrat, he served in the Vermont House of Representatives from 2005 to 2013, representing the Chittenden-3-3 district in Burlington. He was first elected in November 2004 and did not seek re-election in 2012.
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Lorber graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with a BA and earned an MBA from Stanford University. He founded a small business called Aplomb Consulting which works with nonprofit organizations and healthcare clinics, providing strategic planning, fundraising, and other support services. He is also a standup comedian, doing gigs, producing comedy shows and running improv workshops.
First elected to the legislature in November 2004, he was re-elected in 2006, 2008 and 2010. He served on the House Institutions & Corrections Committee, and focussed much of his legislative effort on prison reform. He hosts a television program called "Correcting Corrections" broadcast on CCTV Channel 17.
Lorber is openly gay; his partner is Nathaniel G. Lew, an assistant professor at Saint Michael's College. Lorber and Lew are joined in a civil union. 

</doc>
<doc id="20889258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889258" title="Female altar servers">
Female altar servers

The evolution of the ministry of altar server has a long history. In the early Church, many ministries were held by men and women. By the early Middle Ages, some of these ministries were formalized under the term "minor orders" and (along with the diaconate) used as steps to priestly ordination. One of the minor orders was the office of acolyte. By the beginning of the modern era it became customary for men, particularly young boys, to substitute for acolytes, even without being professed in minor orders. Formerly, it was strictly forbidden to have women serving near the altar within the sacred chancel ("infra cancellos"), that is, they were prohibited from entering the altar area behind the altar rails during the liturgy, except to clean or in convents of nuns. In his encyclical "Allatae Sunt" of 26 July 1755, Pope Benedict XIV explicitly condemned females serving the priest at the altar with the following words: ""Pope Gelasius in his ninth letter (chap. 26) to the bishops of Lucania condemned the evil practice which had been introduced of women serving the priest at the celebration of Mass. Since this abuse had spread to the Greeks, Innocent IV strictly forbade it in his letter to the bishop of Tusculum: "Women should not dare to serve at the altar; they should be altogether refused this ministry." We too have forbidden this practice in the same words in Our oft-repeated constitution "Etsi Pastoralis", sect. 6, no. 21.""
The references to "the Greeks" pertains to the Orthodox practice of ordaining women as deacons. With the practice of private Masses (Mass by a priest and one other person, often offered for a deceased person), scandal was an additional reason not to have a woman or girl alone with a priest. 
Around the time of the Second Vatican Council, some dioceses disobeyed and allowed girls in the lay ministry of altar servers. For example, this practice started as early as 1965 in Germany. The Vatican sought to put an end to such experimentation with the 1970 instruction "Liturgicae instaurationes", and affirmed that only males could serve the priest at the altar. However, the practice nonetheless continued in some places, and the Vatican reaffirmed the prohibition against female altar servers in the 1980 instruction "Inaestimabile donum".
With the promulgation of the 1983 Code of Canon Law, some argued that this reservation to males no longer held, based on the inclusion of both males and females in canon 230 §2: "Lay persons can fulfil the function of lector in liturgical actions by temporary designation. All lay persons can also perform the functions of commentator or cantor, or other functions, according to the norm of law." In some dioceses, females were allowed to act as altar servers under the "new canon law", without any explicit clarification on the matter from the Holy See.
The clarification came in the form of a circular letter from the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments to presidents of episcopal conferences on 15 March 1994, which announced a 30 June 1992 authentic interpretation (confirmed on 11 July 1992 by Pope John Paul II) from the Pontifical Council for the Interpretation of Legislative Texts. This authentic interpretation said that canon 230 §2 states that service at the altar is one of the liturgical functions that can be performed by both lay men and women. The circular letter, written by the cardinal-prefect of the Congregation, also clarified that canon 230 §2 has a permissive and not a perceptive character, that is, it allows, but does not require, the use of female altar servers. Thus it was for each diocesan bishop to decide whether to allow them in his diocese. 
A later document made clear that, even if a bishop decided to permit female altar servers, the priest in charge of a church in that diocese was not obliged to accept them, since there was no question of anyone, male or female, having a "right" to become an altar server. Furthermore, the document states that: "it will always be very appropriate to follow the noble tradition of having boys serve at the altar". This tradition has been maintained by most dioceses in the non-Western world, traditionalist Catholics, in some clerical societies, especially with regards to the motu proprio Summorum Pontificum. 
Pope Benedict XVI has had female altar servers in Papal masses in London (2010), Berlin, and Freiburg (2011).
United States.
In the United States all but one Roman Catholic diocese, the diocese of Lincoln, Nebraska, have overridden the traditional norm of male only servers. [http://www.usatoday.com/news/religion/2006-03-22-altar-girls_x.htm]
In August 2011 it was announced, "Girls no longer will be allowed as altar servers during Mass at the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Phoenix, SS. Simon and Jude. The Rev. John Lankeit, rector of the cathedral, said he made the decision in hopes of promoting the priesthood for males and other religious vocations, such as becoming a nun, for females."
[http://www.azcentral.com/arizonarepublic/local/articles/20110821phoenix-catholic-diocese-girl-servers.html#ixzz2HBvJANlK]

</doc>
<doc id="20889263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889263" title="Aaron Whittaker">
Aaron Whittaker

Aaron Whittaker (born 9 July 1968 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a former professional rugby league footballer. A New Zealand international representative halfback, he played club football in Australia, England and New Zealand.
Early years.
Whittaker grew up in Christchurch and was a Schoolboy Kiwi in 1983 before becoming part of the dominant Canterbury rugby league side of the early nineties. The side was coached by Frank Endacott and included future stars such as Whetu Taewa, Quentin Pongia and Brent Stuart. In Christchurch he played for two clubs, the Halswell Hornets and the Riccarton Knights.
His form was impressive enough to land a contract in the NSWRL Premiership, signing with the Illawarra Steelers in 1992. Whittaker played in three games for the club, including a try-scoring effort against the Great Britain touring side, returning to New Zealand at the end of the year.
In 1993 Whittaker was selected for the New Zealand Kiwis. He went on to play thirteen games for the national side, although only three were test matches. During this time he trained with Gary Freeman and Daryl Halligan and this allowed him to improve his halfback and goal kicking skills. In 1994 he was part of the Kiwis tour of Papua New Guinea. Between 1990 and 1994 he played in 17 games for Canterbury, scoring thirteen tries.
England.
In 1994 he played for the Canterbury Cardinals in the new Lion Red Cup and at the half way stage was the competitions leading points scorer. As a result, he began to attract interest from overseas clubs and agreed to a mid-season transfer, joining Wakefield Trinity. He returned to the Cardinals in the English offseason and played in part of the 1995 Lion Red Cup.
Return to New Zealand.
After a spell in England he returned to New Zealand, signing for the Auckland Warriors. He played eight first grade games for the Warriors in the 1997 and 1998 seasons, under the clubs new head coach Frank Endacott.
After being released by the Warriors he returned to local football in Canterbury, playing for his old side the Haswell Hornets. In 2001 he was involved in the South Island team that played the touring French side.
Later years.
In 2002 he was named the head trainer for the New Zealand 'A' sides tour of France and the United States, a position he retained for the sides 2003 tour of Australia, where he worked under former team mate Terry Hermansson.
He is now involved with the Currumbin Eagles JRL as a coach where he has steered numerous teams to finals contension. He also is involved with the Gold Coast Rugby League as a referee.

</doc>
<doc id="20889265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889265" title="Tony Inglis">
Tony Inglis

Tony Inglis was an art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Man Who Would Be King".

</doc>
<doc id="20889289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889289" title="Uncial 0311">
Uncial 0311

Uncial 0311 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 8th or the 9th-century.
Description.
The codex contains a small texts of the Epistle to the Romans 8:1-13, on 8 fragments of the one parchment leaf. The original size of the leaf was 25 cm by 22 cm.
It is written in two columns per page, 23 lines per page (survived only 6 lines), in large and leaned uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 8th or 9th-century.
It is currently housed at the Christopher De Hamel Collection (Gk. Ms 1) in Cambridge. It was photographed by the CSNTM 19 Aug 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20889295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889295" title="Lewis Vaughan Lodge">
Lewis Vaughan Lodge

Lewis Vaughan Lodge (21 December 1872 – 21 October 1916) was an English footballer who represented the England national football team. He also played first-class cricket with Hampshire.
Sporting career.
Lodge, a left- or right-back, made his England debut in a win over Wales in 1894. He played Wales again in 1895 as well as an international against Scotland, and in 1896 he was a member of the English side which beat Ireland, before earning his fifth and final cap in a loss to Scotland later that year. The defender may or may not have captained England in their 1896 encounter with Ireland; primary sources give the captaincy to either Gilbert Smith, George Raikes or Lodge. 
At club level, Lodge played for both Cambridge University and the Corinthians. In 1896, Small Heath F.C. persuaded him to play for them; to their disappointment, teaching commitments at Harris Hill School in Newbury restricted him to a single appearance, on 29 February 1896 in a 2–1 defeat of Blackburn Rovers in the First Division of the Football League. Described as "a powerfully-built back of the old school brigade", he was reliable both at kicking the ball and at tackling.
He was a decent cricketer too, appearing in three first-class matches for Hampshire, all in 1900. He also played in the Minor Counties Championship for Durham.
Personal.
Lodge was born in Aycliffe, near Darlington, in County Durham. He died in Burbage, Derbyshire, aged 43, in unexplained circumstances, being found drowned in a pool.

</doc>
<doc id="20889296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889296" title="George Hall (bishop of Chester)">
George Hall (bishop of Chester)

George Hall (c.1613-1668) was an English bishop.
Life.
His father was Joseph Hall. George Hall was born at Waltham Abbey, Essex, and studied at Exeter College, Oxford, where he became a Fellow. He became vicar of Menheniot and in 1641 archdeacon of Cornwall.
Having been deprived of office under the Commonwealth, he became a lecturer at St Bartholomew-by-the-Exchange, and then vicar of St. Botolph's, Aldersgate.
He was appointed bishop of Chester in 1662. He was at the same time rector of Wigan, and archdeacon of Canterbury (from 1660). He died in an accident with a knife.

</doc>
<doc id="20889309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889309" title="Dhamail">
Dhamail

Dhamail is a form of folk music and dance originated in Sylhet, Bangladesh. It is practiced in the erstwhile district of Sylhet in Bangladesh and in areas influenced by the Sylheti culture such as Cachar, parts of Shillong, Karimganj and Hailakandi Districts of Assam, parts of Tripura in India. It accompanies the use of mirdanga, kartals and many other musical instruments which are usually played by the males while the dance is being performed. This dance form is similar to musical chairs, where one by one the dancers are removed by the dancers who can dance very fast as the beats gear up the speed. This dance form mainly relates the love of Radha and Krishna and the inner significance of this dance form is that the newly wedded couple must unite their souls in such fashion.
The song and dance is mainly performed by the womenfolk during marriages and other auspicious occasions. The ladies moves in circle, clapping their hands to the beat of the music. The songs are first sung by the leader and then the others join the chorus. The lyrics mainly relate to Shyam (Krishna) and Radha. Gradually the beat/tempo increases and finally reaches the crescendo. Breaks are then given so that the ladies can have "paan" and "shupari" and/or tea. sylheti folk music composer Radha Romon has been cited as the founder of the dhamail dance tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="20889320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889320" title="Pure!">
Pure!

Pure! is a Finnish energy drink. It's The Dudesons' own energy drink. Pure was first brought to the market in 2007. Pure is sold in 33 cl tin cans.
Along TEHO, Pure! is the only completely Finnish energy drink.

</doc>
<doc id="20889323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889323" title="McGavock Comprehensive High School">
McGavock Comprehensive High School

McGavock High School (commonly McGavock or Big Mac) is a public high school located in Nashville, Tennessee. The school is very notable for its strong band program, having won the state championship 24 times: 1972-1979, 1982, 1987-1991, 1993-1994, 1997-2000, 2002-2005. This includes being grand champion at the annual Contest of Champions 12 times, more than any other high school since the contest began in 1962.
History.
McGavock Comprehensive High School opened in 1971. It initially served students in grades ten through twelve who had previously attended Cameron, Donelson and Two Rivers high schools. McGavock added ninth grade in 1978.
McGavock is a part of the Metropolitan Nashville Public Schools system. It sits on a part of the McGavock plantation that was purchased by Metro Parks in 1968 for $68,000. The land is still the property of the park service. The school was named for the antebellum Two Rivers mansion built by David H. McGavock.
McGavock was the first truly comprehensive high school built in Nashville. Planning for the school took place during the administration of Superintendent Dr. John Harris. Dr. James Burns, the resident consultant for secondary development for Metro-Nashville Public Schools, developed a structure that would serve as a model for other comprehensive high schools.
A leadership team, consisting of Chester LaFever, Executive Principal, Charles Hailey, Coordinator of Program and Staff Development, and Charles Adwell, Coordinator for Vocational and Technical Education, was formed in the fall of 1970. The team incorporated many comprehensive programs including theater, horticulture, library learning center, astronomy, music and 23 vocational labs. McGavock was the first high school in Nashville that combined the academic program with extensive vocational training.
Facilities.
McGavock is the largest high school in Tennessee, with a little under 500,000 sq. feet.McGavock has four softball fields, a baseball diamond, six tennis courts, a football stadium and a track. The 14-acre building houses 82 classrooms, 14 science labs, four family and consumer science labs, nine vocational shop/classroom areas, seven business education labs, two gymnasiums, two cafeterias, a 586=-eat auditorium, and a two-story library with fiction, audio-visuals, materials and equipment on one level, and non-fiction and computers on the other. It has a green room, a planetarium, a computer and technical education (CTE) lab equipped with 60 computers and a CTE presentation room equipped with state-of-the-art projection capabilities.
Marching band.
The McGavock High School Marching Band is a 24-time State Champion of the Contest of Champions competition held in Murfreesboro at the MTSU stadium annually. Upon the retirement of Mr.J Jeff Beckman (Head director of Bands for over 25 years, and will be dearly missed.) The Director of Bands is John David Hazlett, and Jacob Campos is the Associate Director of Bands; both are McGavock Alumni. The marching band design staff includes John David Hazlett music arranger and composer, David Baker visual designer, Jason Palmer percussion arranger, Dean Payne color guard. Their marching band uniforms were used in the music video for Taylor Swift's You Belong With Me.
Winner of internationally acclaimed John Philip Sousa Foundation Sudler Shield Award 1994
Bands of America Southeastern Regional Champions, Georgia Dome, Atlanta , Georgia 1995, 1996
First place awards at numerous competitions, including twelve-time Grand Champion at M.T.S.U. Contest of Champions 1972, 1982, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1997, 1998, 2000, 2002, 2003, 2004 and 2005
Finalist band in Bands of America Grand National Championships in 1986, 1987, 1988, 1990, 1997
Southern Regional Grand Champions in Bands of America Southern Regional Championships - 1990
Hundreds of Superior ratings in marching and concert competitions and festivals
Representatives of Nashville and Tennessee at:
National television appearances include:
Recognized by the National Band Association as one of the Ten Finest Bands in the United States
Performances at numerous civic parades and conventions throughout the United States

</doc>
<doc id="20889325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889325" title="Uncial 0312">
Uncial 0312

Uncial 0312 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 3rd or 4th-century.
Description.
The codex contains a small texts of the Gospel of Luke 5:23-24.30-31; 7:9.17-18, on one fragment of the one parchment leaf. The original size of the leaf was only 12 by 10 cm.
The text is written in two columns per page, probably in 27 lines per page, in small uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 3rd or 4th-century.
It is currently housed at the Christopher De Hamel Collection (Gk. Ms 2) at the Corpus Christi College in Cambridge. It was photographed by CSNTM (19 Aug 2008).

</doc>
<doc id="20889329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889329" title="Louis Maurer (footballer)">
Louis Maurer (footballer)

Louis Maurer (21 February 1904 – 1 May 1988) is a former Swiss football (soccer) player and manager.
He played as a goalkeeper.
He coached FC Blue Stars Zürich, Lausanne Sports, FC Fribourg, Marseille, R. Union Sportive Tournaisienne, FC Zürich, FC Lugano, AC Bellinzona and Switzerland.
In his coaching career, he won 3 Swiss Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20889331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889331" title="George Gaines (set decorator)">
George Gaines (set decorator)

George Gaines (6 June 1933 – 13 May 1986) was an American set decorator. He won two Academy Awards and was nominated for another two in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Gaines won two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction and was nominated for two more:

</doc>
<doc id="20889336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889336" title="PLDT Communication and Energy Ventures">
PLDT Communication and Energy Ventures

The PLDT Communications and Energy Ventures Inc. (), formerly known as Pilipino Telephone Corporation or Piltel, is a holding company of the PLDT Group for its venture into the electricity distribution industry. Previously, it was one of the mobile and fixed-line telephone service providers in the Philippines. PCEV is 99.5%-owned by Smart Communications, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Philippine Long Distance 
Telephone Company (PLDT). The remaining 0.5% of PCEV's shares is owned by the Filipino investing public. Through PCEV, PLDT forms a consortium with Metro Pacific Investments Corporation to form Beacon Electric Asset Holdings, Inc. which is the majority owner of Meralco.
History.
Piltel was incorporated with limited liability on July 18, 1968. It started its business by providing landline services in eight cities and municipalities in the Philippines: Baguio City, General Santos, Olongapo, Subic, Puerto Princesa, Digos, Boac and Masbate.
In March 1991, Piltel started offering cellular phone services branded Mobiline, using the AMPS standard. In August 1993, Piltel launched it paging business called Beeper 150. In July 1995, Piltel had its shares listed in the Philippine Stock Exchange.
By 1996, Piltel dominated the market with 42% market share. However, in that same year, cellular fraud or cloning became rampant in the Philippines. This prompted Piltel to upgrade its AMPS network to the CDMA standard. It was also in the same year that Executive Order No. 109 was implemented, thus, Piltel had to expand its landline services to unserved and underserved areas in southern and western Mindanao.
Unluckily, in July 1997, a financial crisis that started in Thailand spread across neighboring countries in Asia. This, together with rising inflation, the cost of upgrades and expansion, loss of wireless subscriber confidence because of the cloning problem in the previous year, and lack of subscriber interest in the newly installed Mindanao landline network because of the financial crisis; started to weigh heavily on the finances of Piltel.
On top of it, intensified competition started eating into Piltel's wireless market subscriber share. In 1998, competitors using the GSM standard started promoting the use of SMS, which has since become the most preferred communication method of the Filipinos. Before Piltel had the chance to add SMS facilities to its CDMA network, it was already deep into the red with Php4.1 billion worth of losses as of end-1998.
In November 1999, Piltel's management decided to stop investing in its AMPS/CDMA networks. Moving forward, management signed a facilities-sharing agreement with competitor Smart Communications to be able to provide wireless services using Smart's GSM network. By April 2000, Piltel launched its GSM brand, Talk 'N Text.
Since then, most of Piltel's employees have been absorbed by Smart Communications. Likewise, the management of its wireless business have also been outsourced to Smart Communications. The Beeper 150 network was already shut down, and its landline business was sold to PLDT on June 4, 2008.
As of July 29, 2009, Smart Communications completed its tender offer to buy out most of Piltel's other minority shareholders, thereby raising its ownership to 99.5%. On August 17, 2009, Piltel completed the transfer of its wireless businesses to Smart Communications.
On May 25, 2010, Piltel renamed to its current name after the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) approved the change in its corporate name, as well as other amendments to the Company’s Articles of Incorporation. 
Subsidiaries.
The following are Piltel's wholly owned subsidiaries:
Wireless.
Today, Piltel no longer a wireless services operator. Before the transfer, Piltel used its AMPS/CDMA networks to lease out telephone lines to a few corporate subscribers, and has decommissioned all but six of its AMPS/CDMA cellsites. Likewise, Piltel also reported 16,590,737 subscribers to its GSM brand, Talk 'N Text, just before the transfer.
Philippine area code assignment.
Piltel used the 912 area code for its AMPS/CDMA service. However, it is now used for the Talk 'N Text brand, which was transferred to Smart Communications.
Competition.
Piltel's main competitors were Smart Communications, Globe Telecom and Sun Cellular in the mobile market. It previously competed with carriers such as Digitel and Bayan Telecommunications (BayanTel) in the fixed-line market.
Sports.
Piltel owned the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters of the Philippine Basketball Association, now transferred to Smart Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="20889345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889345" title="Julius Finn">
Julius Finn

Julius Finn (28 April 1871 – 6 December 1931) was an American chess master.
Born into a Jewish family in Władysławowo, Poland (then Russian Empire), he came to New York in 1887. From a humble start as a street peddler on the Lower East Side, Finn swiftly rose to become New York’s champion chess master and one of the country’s best blindfold chess entertainers. Finn’s first tournament in America was a Handicap Tournament played in New York’s Café Boulevard in 1895 where he was ranked as a 2nd class player at the beginning of the competition. As it happened, he took home the 1st prize ahead of William Ewart Napier, Hermann Helms, and many other well-known players from the local American scene. In July 1897, Finn led a consultation team to victory against the veteran Wilhelm Steinitz in the rooms of the Metropolitan Chess Club.
He won thrice the New York State Championship (1901, 1907, 1908), and won the Rice Gambit tournament at the Manhattan Chess Club in 1903. Finn did engage in two interesting cable games. One with a Cuban team led by José Raúl Capablanca in 1903 and the other was the New York – Berlin Cable Match from 1905 where he played on the third board for New York, drawing his game with Emil Schallopp.
Mr. Finn acted as referee at the World Chess Championship 1921 which was played between Emanuel Lasker and José Raúl Capablanca in Havana. He was one of the organizers of the New York 1924 chess tournament and the president of the 1927 New York Tournament. He also served as adjudicator for the college chess league with which Columbia, Harvard, Yale and Princeton were affiliated. He had been a member of the Manhattan Chess Club and Rutgers Club for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="20889347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889347" title="Pedaling to Freedom">
Pedaling to Freedom

Pedaling to Freedom (2007) is a 28-minute documentary directed by Vijay S. Jodha. The film shows shows how a simple thing, such as teaching women to ride a bicycle in a deprived part of the world, can have a life-changing impact. The documentary was made in English and Tamil.
Content.
"Pedaling to Freedom" is a documentary film set in Pudukkottai district of Tamil Nadu, India. The film revisits a year-long initiative that took place there in 1993, in what used to be one of the poorest parts of the world. As a result of this initiative 230,000 people learnt to read and write, and over 100,000 women learnt to ride bicycles. Wages increased 1000%. It happened in the space of just one year and cost less than one and a half dollars per person. The film relies on archival stills, filmed footage as well as interviews with those who were associated with the project. 
Kannammal, an insurance company office assistant who took leave from work to volunteer for the project is featured prominently. She served as a central coordinator and at the end of the project, went back to her office where she remains an office assistant.
Mobility was seen as an important tool for empowerment and in addition to reading and writing, women were taught how to ride bicycles. The film captures the conditions in the district including cycling classes for women where men often gathered to crack jokes and taunt women trying to learn cycling. The film highlights the partnership between public and private bodies as well as work of 25,000 volunteers that made it possible.

</doc>
<doc id="20889354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889354" title="Edward Stirling Dickson">
Edward Stirling Dickson

Vice-Admiral Edward Stirling Dickson (1765 – 28 January 1844) was a Royal Navy officer who served in the American Revolutionary War, the French Revolutionary Wars, and the Napoleonic Wars.
Early career.
He joined the Royal Navy in 1772, at the age of seven, and first saw service at the Battle of Sullivan's Island in 1776 aboard , which ran ashore and was destroyed to keep her from being captured. He was transferred to and was present at the capture of New York, and then transferred into the where he assisted in the capture of the French frigate "Prudente". In 1780, at the age of 15, he was appointed Lieutenant, and appointed to the captured frigate . He later served aboard at the relief of Gibraltar.
French Revolutionary Wars.
He was wounded at the Glorious First of June in 1794, where he was the second lieutenant of the third-rate . He was then assigned to the West Indies, commanding the cutter ; he led the ship against a much more powerful French privateer, and was promoted to take command of the brig as reward. He advised the local commander, Admiral Henry Harvey, that Trinidad was ripe for capture, and helped lead the fleet which captured the island in 1797.
During his service in the Caribbean he captured a privateer whilst protecting a convoy to St. Kitts, and led a force which captured the fortifications on Margarita Island in December 1798. He then led a boarding attack on a privateer in the harbour, and whilst his force captured the ship, he himself was severely wounded in the head. He was promoted to post-captain, and rewarded with a sword from Thomas Picton, the Governor of Trinidad.
Napoleonic Wars.
In 1804, commanding , he led a force which captured the West African island of Gorée (now in modern Senegal), and then commanded a squadron blockading St. Malo. In 1809 he was ordered with the "Inconstant" to the Isle de France (Mauritius), but she grounded north of the Cape of Good Hope. His solution to this problem - repeatedly heaving the keel out and righting her when the tide came in - was admired by Admiral Bertie as an excellent feat of seamanship.
By 1811 he was in command of the , fighting at the defence of Cadiz, and led a force at the siege of Tariffa, for which he received the thanks of the Admiralty. On 27 August 1812 he was transferred to command the , which had had a succession of temporary commanders since her former commander Temple Hardy had been taken ill in May. He commanded her during a blockade of the port of Toulon. He was transferred to command the HMS "Rivoli" on 22 February 1814, which saw extensive service in the period after Napoleon's escape from Elba. Whilst blockading Naples, he attempted to capture two ships-of-the-line by boarding them in the harbour, and later intercepted and captured the French frigate "Melpomene", which was attempting to bring Napoleon's mother and sister to France. This action, on 30 April, was the first French ship to surrender during the Hundred Days. He later was assigned to command the expedition against Portoferraio, and the final capture of Elba, giving him the distinction of striking the first and the last French tricolours of the Hundred Days.
Later career.
After the French surrender, he served on a diplomatic mission to Tunis, and was later appointed to command the second-rate . He was appointed a Rear-Admiral of the Blue on 23 July 1830, which ended his seagoing service, and a Vice-Admiral of the White on 23 November 1841.

</doc>
<doc id="20889355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889355" title="Javorje pri Blagovici">
Javorje pri Blagovici

Javorje pri Blagovici is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20889362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889362" title="Tualatin Valley Academy">
Tualatin Valley Academy

Tualatin Valley Academy (TVA) is a kindergarten through eighth grade private school in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States. Founded in 1916 as Tualatin Valley Junior Academy, the school is affiliated with the Seventh-day Adventist Church. TVA previously was affiliated with the Ring of Fire handbell choir from its inception in 1997 until 2004.
History.
The academy was founded in Washington County in 1916 as Tualatin Valley Junior Academy (TVJA). The school relocated in the fall of 1957 to a site on Southwest Baseline Road near Cornelius Pass Road. TVA is still located there in what is now the city of Hillsboro. During late December 1989 to January 1990, 14 students from the school spent their Christmas vacation assisting in the construction of a church in Mexico. In 1997, teacher Jason Wells formed the Ring of Fire handbell choir at the school. Ring of Fire performed at the inaugurations of President George W. Bush in both 2001 and 2005. The choir was opened up to non-students in 2004 when Wells left the academy.
In October 2001, revelations of sexual abuse by two male teachers at the school surfaced. Abuse by one teacher, who was also an administrator, began in 1996 and involved three female students. The second teacher abused one girl, who had first been a victim of the first teacher. Both men pled guilty to sexual abuse and were sentenced six years and six months in detention respectively. 
TVA joined with neighbors in 2003 to fight against allowing Wal-Mart to build a store one block from the school. The city did not approve plans for the store and it was not built. Also in 2003, the academy received accreditation from the Northwest Association of Accredited Schools for their middle school program. In 2009, the school's name was changed to Tualatin Valley Academy. That year some student's artwork was sold at Cornell University's ornithology lab as a project to raise funds for the academy's science and arts programs.
Academics.
The school has been accredited through Northwest Association of Accredited Schools since 2003. It is affiliated with the Seventh-day Adventist Church and has students from preschool through the tenth grade, with about 20 staff members. As of 2008 the private Christian school had 51 students in its preschool program, 219 in kindergarten through eighth grade, and 28 students total in grades nine and ten for a total enrollment of 298 students. The middle school portion of the school is accredited by the Northwest Association of Accredited Schools. Additionally accreditation is through the North American Division Commission on Accreditation and from the North Pacific Union Conference Board of Education.
TVA receives funding from tuition, seven local Seventh-day Adventist churches, and the Oregon Conference of Seventh-day Adventists. Tuition varies from around $4,000 per year to around $5,500 per year at the higher grade levels. The academy is also a member of the Oregon Federation of Independent Schools. Dennis Kingma serves as the school’s principal.
Activities.
The school, when it offered ninth and tenth grade, competed in the OSAA’s The Valley 10 League at the 1A-1 level as the Eagles. Student Aimee Furber became the youngest person to summit Africa’s Mount Kilimanjaro in 1998.
Ring of Fire.
The Ring of Fire handbell choir was founded at the school in 1997. Named after the Pacific Ring of Fire, the group performed at both inaugurations of U.S. President George W. Bush. Membership was limited to youths ages 14 to 17 and members could never miss a practice session. They also had to re-apply every year to remain in the group. There were a total of 61 bells used by the 13-member group.
Ring of Fire has performed around the United States and in Europe. Performances have included concerts with the Boston Pops, at Portland Trail Blazers games, at events in New York City and Washington, D.C. to memorialize the 9/11 terrorist attacks, in Omaha, Nebraska, in Iowa, Geneva, Illinois, and throughout Oregon. Ring of Fire has also been on televised concerts, including those broadcast internationally.
The group performed between 75 to 100 concerts annually while rehearsing around five hours each week. The instrumental group played only bells, which totaled 61. These bells weighed as little as ten ounces, and up to 15 pounds while covering a total of five octaves. Each member was required to learn each of the bells. Ring of Fire produced DVDs and CDs. In 2004, the group’s founder left the school and enrollment was opened up to non-TVA students as the group is no longer sponsored by the school.

</doc>
<doc id="20889364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889364" title="Danish Touringcar Championship">
Danish Touringcar Championship

The Danish Touringcar Championship (abbreviated as the DTC) was a touring car racing series in Denmark. The inaugural year for the DTC was 1999, after the huge success in Scandinavia of the British Touring Car Championship. For the first two years it was known as the Danish Touring Car Challenge. The final DTC season was in 2010, as the series merged with the Swedish Touring Car Championship to form the Scandinavian Touring Car Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20889370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889370" title="Zaid Mohseni">
Zaid Mohseni

Zaid Mohseni (born July 1, 1969) who along with his brothers Saad and Jahid Mohseni and his sister Wajma Mohseni established Moby Group, Afghanistan's media company with interests in television, radio, print, web and directories, IT&T, and retail. Zaid is Director of Moby's technical and legal divisions.
Zaid’s leadership of the technology division of Moby Group has been the key to successful utilization of modern technology for Afghan needs. Zaid is also a lawyer and former Partner and Head of the Commercial Department of the Melbourne based law firm, Wilmoth Field Warne. He has substantial experience in corporate and commercial law and legal drafting. He is also the Managing Partner of the Afghanistan based law firm, Zamoh Lawyers, servicing corporate and government clients in commercial and litigious matters.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20889371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889371" title="Blood pump">
Blood pump

The blood pump was patented in 1855 by Porter and Bradley and was hand operated. A modification first named surgical pump, designed and manufactured by E. E. Allen in 1887, was intended for direct blood transfusion. Truax, who also distributed and promoted the Allen pump with one roller, developed the first double roller pump in 1899. In the following decades, several researchers, including Beck, Van Allen, Bayliss and Müller as well as Henry and Jouvelet, refined the apparatus and recommended the use of roller pumps for blood transfusion and other applications. After further modifications made by DeBakey in 1934, and application of this pump in one of the first heart-lung machines constructed by Gibbon, DeBakey's name became inseparably attached to this type of pump. For perfusion experiments, an electrically powered roller pump was first used by Fleisch in 1935. Today, the roller pump is the most frequently used blood pump for cardiopulmonary bypass worldwide, having prevailed against the early pulsatile tube compression pumps and ventricular pumps. In recent years, centrifugal pumps have increasingly competed with roller pumps as systemic blood pumps for cardiopulmonary bypass and have become the preferred arterial pump in a variety of centers. Application of mechanical cardiac assistance has evolved from nonpulsatile roller pump support, followed by an era of pulsatile ventricular pumps to the rediscovery of the nonpulsatile flow mode with modern axial flow pumps.
An extracorporeal blood pump may be safer than the Jarvik artificial heart for keeping some patients alive while they await heart transplants.
Since October 1985, the hospital has implanted 15 Jarvik hearts to keep dying patients alive until human donor hearts could be found, more than any other American medical institution.
Permission From Government: The United States Food and Drug Administration granted the hospital permission about a week ago to add Novacor pumps to its stock on a case-by-case, experimental basis.
Unlike the air-driven Jarvik device, which replaces a patient's diseased heart, the Novacor pump is inserted in the pelvic area beneath the abdominal muscles. The patient's own heart is left intact, which may minimize the threat of infection, Dr. Griffith said.
Both the Jarvik and Novacor devices are tethered by hoses to bulky power sources outside the patient's body.
The Novacor device takes over the function of the organ's left ventricle, the main pumping chamber. If the right ventricle is damaged, an artificial heart is the only option as a bridge until a human heart is available.
The pump, which Novacor designates as a left ventricular assist device, was first used in 1984 at Stanford University. The polyurethane pump has since been used nine other times worldwide, said Dr. Peer Portner, president of Novacor. Five patients are still alive.
Commonly used extracorporeal blood pumps.
The Bio-Pump Plus centrifugal blood pump is recognized worldwide as the market leader in centrifugal extracorporeal blood pumps.

</doc>
<doc id="20889373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889373" title="Arpan Sharma">
Arpan Sharma

Arpan Sharma (born 1997) is a British polyglot who at the age of 10 could speak 11 languages: English, Hindi, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Tamil, Swahili, Polish, Thai, Welsh and Sanskrit. In 2007 he attended Blue Coat's School, Birmingham, United Kingdom. He currently attends King Edward's School in Edgbaston, Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="20889374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889374" title="2003 Monte Carlo Masters – Singles">
2003 Monte Carlo Masters – Singles

Juan Carlos Ferrero was the defending champion and won in the final 6–2, 6–2 against Guillermo Coria.

</doc>
<doc id="20889375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889375" title="Otto Fruhner">
Otto Fruhner

Generalmajor Otto Fruhner (6 September 1893 - 19 June 1965) MMC, IC was a German World War I flying ace credited with 27 victories. He was one of the first aviators to parachute from a stricken aircraft.
Beginning as a lowly enlisted mechanic in late 1914, Fruhner rose into the officer's ranks. He was eligible for Germany's highest officer's decoration for valor, the Pour le Merite, when Kaiser Wilhelm II's abdication scotched the award and the German military largely disbanded after its defeat.
Fruhner would return to his nation's service to join the nascent Luftwaffe as a major in 1935. He would serve in various training commands throughout World War II, rising to become a Generalmajor.
Early life and service.
Otto Fruhner was born on 6 September 1893. He was born in Brieg, the Kingdom of Prussia; the city has since fallen within Polish boundaries. Frunhner began his military career as an aviation mechanic on 14 November 1914 for "Feldflieger Abteilung" (Field Flier Detachment) 4.
Aerial service.
He then underwent pilot training, and beginning in June 1916, flew as an enlisted pilot of two seater aircraft for FA 51 on the Eastern Front against the Russians. In August, he received the Iron Cross Second Class and was promoted to "Unteroffizier".
He then volunteered for fighter duty in July 1917, and was assigned to "Jagdstaffel 26", commanded by Bruno Loerzer. Fruhner's combat successes began when he was serving in Jagdstaffel 26. He shot down two Sopwiths in two separate engagements on 3 September 1917.
There was a four month lapse. Then, on 3 January 1918, he scored for the third time, and continued his success through until March, with his 9th victory on 26 March. On 3 June, he received the First Class Iron Cross. At the same time, he was awarded the Prussian Military Merit Cross, the highest award for valor available to enlisted men in the German military.
On 1 July, he downed his tenth victim to become a double ace. From that point on, he accrued victories until 4 September 1918, when he shot down three Sopwith Camels from No. 70 Squadron RAF as his share of the eight losses by the British; this dogfight was the largest loss of fighters ever suffered by the RAF in a single engagement in World War I.
Fruhner was subsequently commissioned a Leutnant. He was also proposed for the Pour le Merite, the German military's highest award for bravery by officers. There were only five German aces who won both awards. However, the Kaiser abdicated before approving the award.
On 20 September 1918, while in a dogfight with Sopwith Camels of No. 203 Squadron RAF, he collided with one of them. Although injured, he leapt from his irreparably damaged aircraft and parachuted to safety. The Camel he had collided with also crashed; it was credited as Fruhner's 27th victory. After this, Fruhner was withdrawn from combat duty.
Post World War I service.
In 1935, Fruhner joined the Luftwaffe as a major commanding a flying school. He later rose in rank in the Luftwaffe during World War II. Remaining in training commands, he eventually attained the rank of Generalmajor.
Generalmajor Otto Fruhner died in Villach, Austria on 19 June 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20889379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889379" title="Jelša, Lukovica">
Jelša, Lukovica

Jelša (in older sources also "Jelše", ) is a small settlement north of Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The settlement includes the hamlets of Brdar, Mlinar, Spodnja Jelša (), Srednjek, and Zgornja Jelša ().

</doc>
<doc id="20889381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889381" title="Wilhelm Grube">
Wilhelm Grube

Wilhelm Grube () (17 August 1855 – 2 July 1908) was a German sinologist and ethnographer. He is particularly known for his work on Tungusic languages and the Jurchen language.
Biography.
Grube was born in Saint Petersburg, Russia in 1855. He studied Chinese, Manchu, Mongolian and Tibetan under Franz Anton Schiefner at the University of Saint Petersburg from 1874 to 1878.
In 1878, Grube moved to Germany to study at the University of Leipzig under Georg von der Gabelentz, and he submitted his doctoral dissertation in 1880. The following year he taught a course on Tibetan grammar at the University of Leipzig, but he was unable to obtain a regular teaching position, and so in 1883 he took up a position as an assistant at the Ethnological Museum of Berlin. He also had a junior teaching position at the University of Berlin, and in 1892 he was awarded the title of extraordinary professor.
In 1897 he went to China with his wife, and they stayed there until 1899, acquiring a large collection which he deposited in the Ethnological Museum of Berlin when he returned.
Scholarship.
Grube is principally remembered for his pioneering studies of three little-known languages, two spoken in the Amur region of the Russian Far East, and one extinct language spoken by the Jurchen people of Manchuria.
At the behest of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences, Grube worked on the linguistic materials brought back from the Amur region by Carl Maximowicz and Leopold von Schrenck during the 1850s. Based on these materials, in 1892 Grube published a vocabulary of the Gilyak language (a language isolate, also known as Nivkh), and in 1900 he published a vocabulary of the Gold language (a Tungusic language, also known as Nanai).
By the nineteenth century, the Jurchen language that had been spoken by the ancestors of the Manchu people during the Jin Dynasty (1115–1234) was almost completely unknown, and the few surviving inscriptions in the Jurchen script were undecipherable. However, in the early 1890s the Royal Library at Berlin acquired a manuscript copy of the "Vocabulary of the Bureau of Translators" () from Friedrich Hirth which included a chapter on the Jurchen language that was missing from other known copies of this book. The Jurchen chapter of this book comprised a vocabulary list with each word written in the Jurchen script and also transcribed phonetically using Chinese characters (this contrasts with the vocabularies produced by the Bureau of Interpreters, which only included the phonetic transcription in Chinese characters). In 1896 Grube published a translation and study of the Jurchen vocabulary list that changed the status of Jurchen from a completely undeciphered language to a language that could be read and understood with the help of Grube's book. The year after its publication, S. W. Bushell used Grube's translation of the Jurchen vocabulary to study the Jurchen inscription on a stele from Kaifeng, and it has remained the principal source for the study of the Jurchen language ever since.
In addition to his linguistic studies, Grube also published extensively on Chinese philosophy, religion and mythology. He was also interested in Chinese literature, and posthumously published a German translation of the Chinese mythological novel, Fengshen Yanyi ('The Investiture of the Gods'), as well as German translations of a set of Chinese shadow play scripts.

</doc>
<doc id="20889391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889391" title="Royal Preparatory School">
Royal Preparatory School

Royal Preparatory School (also known as "Royal Primary School" or "Royal Junior School") was a preparatory school in Colombo, Ceylon (now Sri Lanka). Its grounds and buildings now forms the primary school of the Royal College Colombo.
History.
It was established in 1933 as a preparatory school to prepare students to the Royal College Colombo which was situated next to it (until the 1960s there was an entrance exam for its students). In 1944 it was evacuated to the "Glendale Bungalow" in Bandarawela, where it remained until 1948.
From 1966 to 1969, Royal Primary School Hall was built specially designed for local drama and music which required open air type auditorium in accordance to Natya Shastra. On 2 March 1972, Ceylon became a republic when the new Republican Constitution was passed by the Parliament that met at the Royal Primary School Hall.
The school was augmented with Royal College Colombo in December 1977, becoming the Primary School of Royal College Colombo which exists to this day. The school was a government administered school with its own head master; the post still exists today as the post of head master/mistress of the Primary School staffed by a Deputy Principal of Royal College Colombo.
Other schools.
In 1948, the Bandarawela Senior School (current Bandarawela Central College) was established in the premises used by the school in Bandarawela during World War II after it moved back to Colombo that year. 
After the war then Minister of Education Major E. A. Nugawela open the Government Senior School (current Thurstan College) in 1950 at Thurstan Road; which was created to "accommodate the overflow of students Royal Primary who could not gain admission to Royal College". 112 students who could not gain admission to Royal College Colombo along with 26 other students were enrolled at the new Senior Government School. 
In 1952 Greenlands College (current Isipathana College) at Greenlands Road was established with partial intake of students from Royal Preparatory School. 

</doc>
<doc id="20889392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889392" title="Chandrakant Lahariya">
Chandrakant Lahariya

Chandrakant Lahariya has worked with Lady Hardinge Medical College, New Delhi and G.R. Medical College, Gwalior in faculty positions. He has written many articles for scientific journals(2-3). His opinion is often sought on the issues of international health importance [4.
References.
1. http://www.lhmc.in 
2. http://www.biomedexperts.com/Profile.bme/767633/Chandrakant_Lahariya 
3. http://de.scientificcommons.org/chandrakant_lahariya 
4. http://www.plosntds.org/article/info:doi%2F10.1371%2Fjournal.pntd.0000275

</doc>
<doc id="20889393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889393" title="Ice Palace (film)">
Ice Palace (film)

Ice Palace is a 1960 motion picture adapted from Edna Ferber's 1958 novel of the same name. The film, directed by Vincent Sherman and starring Richard Burton, dramatized the debate over Alaska statehood. Alaska had become a state in 1959.
Plot.
The film follows the Edna Ferber novel in telling the story of Zeb Kennedy (Richard Burton) and Thor Storm (Robert Ryan), Alaska settlers in the period following World War II. Kennedy works his way up through the Alaskan fish cannery business, befriending Wang, a Chinese worker (George Takei), and Storm, an idealistic fishing boat captain. Kennedy and Storm begin to plan a cannery together in the fictional Alaskan town of Baranof, when Kennedy falls for Bridie Ballantyne, Storm's fiancée (Carolyn Jones). The feeling is reciprocated, but Kennedy chooses money over love, marrying Seattle heiress Dorothy Wendt (Martha Hyer). When Storm discovers his disappointed fiancée's infidelity, he punches out Kennedy and flees into the wilderness on a dog sled.
Kennedy launches a packing company in Baranof, hiring Wang as well as his old friend, Dave Husack (Jim Backus). His persistent feelings for Ballantyne, now abandoned by her fiancé, are no secret to his wife. The Kennedys give birth to a daughter, Grace. Storm returns to Baranof with an infant son, Christopher, born to an Eskimo wife who died after labor. Over the following years, Storm comes to resent Kennedy for his cannery's use of salmon traps, which are depleting the salmon population and putting fishermen out of business. Meanwhile, their children, Christopher (Steve Harris) and Grace (Shirley Knight), begin a romance. Kennedy tells Storm to keep his "half-breed kid" away from his daughter. Storm, drawing on the support of fishermen and Alaska natives, becomes a candidate for the Alaska Territorial Legislature on a platform advocating statehood and opposing the excesses of business mogul "Czar" Kennedy. Christopher and Grace elope to live among Christopher's maternal relations in the fictional village of Anavak. Grace's mother, Dorothy Kennedy dies.
Grace becomes pregnant, and the young couple decides to make a journey to Baranof so that the child is born there. They set off by dog sled, but Grace begins labor en route, and Christopher is waylaid by a bear and killed. Grace's father, Zeb, along with Thor and "Aunt" Bridie, intercept and shoot the bear. Grace gives birth to a baby girl, Christine, but dies. Christine grows up between the houses of Ballantyne and her feuding grandfathers, Kennedy and Storm. Kennedy grooms Dave Husack's son, Bay (Ray Danton), to be his champion in the territorial legislature. He encourages the young lawyer to marry Christine for political advantage. Ballantyne discovers and exposes the plot, and the engagement is broken.
Storm, on a flight to Juneau, is forced by a snowstorm to make a crash landing on a glacier. Ballantyne prevails on Kennedy to make a risky flight to save Storm and his pilot, an Eskimo named Ross Guildenstern (Sheridan Comerate). Storm survives, and his speeches before Congress are decisive in winning approval for Alaska's statehood. Victorious, Storm gives a conciliatory radio address, thanking erstwhile statehood opponent Kennedy.
Production.
The rights to "Ice Palace" were sold to Warner Brothers for $350,000 before the novel was published. Warner Brothers had already had a success with a 1956 adaptation of another Edna Ferber novel, "Giant".
The film was shot in part in Petersburg, Alaska.
"Ice Palace" was George Takei's motion picture debut.
Reception.
"Ice Palace" was a commercial and critical failure. A Ferber biography described it as "glacial at the box office." "The New York Times" reviewer called it "as false and synthetic a screen saga as has rolled out of a color camera" and "no more authentic than cornstarch snow on a studio set."

</doc>
<doc id="20889399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889399" title="Rodrigue et Chimène">
Rodrigue et Chimène

Rodrigue et Chimène (English: "Rodrigo and Ximena") is an unfinished opera in three acts by Claude Debussy. The French libretto, by Catulle Mendès, is based on the plays "Las Mocedades del Cid" by Guillén de Castro y Bellvís and Corneille's "Le Cid" which deal with the legend of El Cid (Rodrigue in the opera). It was first staged in a version completed by Edison Denisov in Lyon on 14 May 1993.
Composition.
Mendès had begun work on his libretto in 1878, hoping to offer it to "one of the leading lights of the French school opera". Massenet's "Le Cid" (1885, Paris Opera) may have put Mendès off in his search for a composer. It was only in April, 1890 that Mendès handed it to the young Debussy. Mendès had predicted that Debussy would become "one of the great composers of the future" and had helped to promote his music. Although he was unimpressed by the literary quality of the drama he had to set, Debussy was encouraged by the prospect that his work would be performed at the Paris Opéra and earn him some money. Over the next two years Debussy's musical style developed in a radically new direction and his enthusiasm for the old-fashioned "Rodrigue et Chimène" began to flag. In a letter of January, 1892, he admitted, "My life is hardship and misery thanks to this opera. Everything about it is wrong for me." On 17 May 1893 Debussy attended a performance of Maeterlinck's Symbolist play "Pelléas et Mélisande" and realised that this was exactly the type of drama he had been looking for. When he played excerpts from the score of "Rodrigue et Chimène" to Paul Dukas in August of the same year, he confessed that Mendès' libretto was "totally at odds with all that I dream about, demanding a type of music that is alien to me". Debussy abandoned any idea of bringing "Rodrigue et Chimène" to the stage and later claimed he had accidentally burned it.
Completion and staging.
The score did, however, survive and the various manuscripts, after being owned by Alfred Cortot were eventually assembled by the American collector Robert Owen Lehman. Excerpts from a vocal score prepared by the musicologist Richard Langham Smith were performed at the Bibliothèque nationale in Paris in June 1987. Debussy had completed all but the orchestration of "Rodrigue et Chimène" (although two scenes of the vocal score have been lost). The Russian composer Edison Denisov was asked to provide the orchestration for a stage performance to mark the opening of Opéra de Lyon's new auditorium, "Opéra Nouvel". Thus "Rodrigue et Chimène" finally received its premiere in Lyon on 14 May 1993.
Synopsis.
Act 1.
Rodrigue, son of Don Diègue of Bivar, is engaged to marry Chimène, daughter of Don Gomez of Gormaz. They meet for a tryst just before dawn outside Don Gomez's house. They are interrupted by the arrival of the men of Gomez, singing a drinking song. The young women of Bivar also appear and the men of Gomez try to carry them off. They are stopped by an outraged Don Diègue. A quarrel breaks out between Don Diègue and Don Gomez, who objects to Diègue striking his servants. The two draw their swords but Don Diègue proves too old and weak to fight.
Act 2.
Rodrigue and his brothers are playing chess when they see an old beggar on the highway and offer him help. The "beggar" is Don Diègue and he demands, not alms, but the head of Don Gomez. He asks Rodrigue to avenge the slight on his honour by killing Chimène's father. Rodrigue reluctantly accepts the commission. Rodrigue challenges Don Gomez to a duel and fatally wounds him. Don Gomez dies in Chimène's arms, having told her the killer was her beloved.
Act 3.
King Ferdinand assembles his army for a campaign against the Moors. He notices that Don Gomez is missing from the ranks of his warriors. Chimène steps forward and begs for justice for her dead father, but Don Diègue pleads equally passionately for the life of the son who has restored his honour. The king sends for Rodrigue. Chimène confesses to her maidservant Iňez that she still loves him, but family honour demands he should die. The grief-stricken Rodrigue tells Chimène she should kill him with the selfsame sword that slew her father. She is unable to strike him, but unable to forgive him. He asks one of the king's soldiers to kill him instead. Don Diègue tells Rodrigue he must live so he can fight and defeat the Moors. Rodrigue reluctantly agrees, hoping to be killed in battle.

</doc>
<doc id="20889402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889402" title="The Serpent and the Rainbow (book)">
The Serpent and the Rainbow (book)

The Serpent and the Rainbow is a book written by ethnobotanist and researcher Wade Davis and published in 1985. He investigated Haitian Vodou and the process of making "zombies". He studied ethnobotanical poisons, discovering their use in a reported case of a contemporary "zombie", Clairvius Narcisse.
Overview.
The book presents the case of Clairvius Narcisse, a man who had been a zombie for two years, as showing that the zombification process was more likely the result of a complex interaction of tetrodotoxin, a powerful hallucinogen called "Datura", and cultural forces and beliefs.
According to the book, there is an assortment of ingredients in Haitian zombie powder including puffer fish, matter from a corpse (specifically to Davis' adventure in Haiti, the bokor, a Haitian shaman, crushed the skull of a deceased infant that had been dead for a month or two, and added it to the poison), freshly killed blue lizards, a large dried toad ("Bufo marinus") with a dried sea worm wrapped around it (prepared beforehand), "tcha-tcha" ("Albizzia"), and "itching pea" ("pois grater", a species of Mucuna).
The book inspired the 1988 horror film, "The Serpent and the Rainbow".
Criticism.
Davis' claims were criticized for a number of scientific inaccuracies. Some scientists found little or no tetrodotoxin in samples provided by Davis. Davis argued that a number of factors may account for the negative results of some investigators and decried their unsubstantiated accusations of fraud, noting the variability of formulations, possible errors in the testing performed on the samples he brought back, the possibility that the tetrodotoxin-based mixture may have had ingredients that improved blood–brain barrier transmission of the tetrodotoxin, and the nature of folk medicine with respect to success rates (i.e., that very few successes are required in order to establish credibility).
In the book, Davis does not suggest that the zombie powder containing tetrodotoxin was used for maintaining "mental slaves" but for producing the initial death and resurrection that convinced the victims and those who knew them that they had become zombies. The zombies, such as Clairvius Narcisse, were kept biddable by regular doses of the poisonous plant, "Datura stramonium" which produces amnesia, delirium, and suggestibility.

</doc>
<doc id="20889406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889406" title="Gemini (rapper)">
Gemini (rapper)

Gemini, also known as "Big Geminii", is a recording artist born in Dallas, Texas. After the song "Hypnotized" was released, he began to earn international fame. A remix of the song was released in 2008 featuring Flo Rida and Lil' Rob. In past times, Gemini has worked with artists such as NB Ridaz, MC Magic, Russel Lee, Frankie J, and Jady. He also made an album in a Supergroup with Playa Rae & Fade Dogg called Texikali.

</doc>
<doc id="20889417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889417" title="The Fortunes of Men">
The Fortunes of Men

The Fortunes of Men, also The Fates of Men or The Fates of Mortals, is the title given to an Old English gnomic poem of 98 lines in the Exeter Book, fols. 87a–88b.
Summary.
Having first referred to a child's coming of age, the poem describes a number of (particularly fatal) misfortunes which may then befall one: a youth's premature death, famine, warfare and infirmity, the deprivations of a traveller, death at the gallows or on the pyre and self-destructive behaviour through intemperate drinking. However, a man of mature age may also prosper in terms of his material wealth and friends, and achieve happiness. The poet explains that the distribution of man's fortunes and misfortunes is in God's hands, including that of one's skills and talents: martial dexterity (throwing and shooting), cunning at board-games, scholarly wisdom and the craft of a goldsmith. The same applies to one's success or skills in cheering one's drinking fellows or in singing and plucking the harp, while sitting at the feet of one's lord. The last image drawn from Anglo-Saxon life is that of taming the hawk. Apart from underpinning the vast array of skills made available to men, it may also be intended to serve as an analogy to the opening image of the child clothed, reared and disciplined by his parents. In conclusion, the poem praises God's supreme skill in measuring out and managing the many and various destinies of men and urges its audience to express gratitude to the benevolent Ruler.

</doc>
<doc id="20889424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889424" title="Cheerleading in the United Kingdom">
Cheerleading in the United Kingdom

Cheerleading is a physical activity with increasing popularity in the United Kingdom.
Some schools offer cheerleading as a sport or extracurricular option; a 2010 Department of Education report said that 37% of schools were offering cheerleading as an extracurricular option physical education choice. 
One particular cheerleading program, the Ascension Eagles of the London Borough of Newham, has received attention and awards for its positive impact in its economically disadvantaged neighbourhood. The top teams in the country, competing at Level 6, are Aviator Allstars F22 Raptors and Unity Black (both co-ed) as well as Aviator Allstars F35 Lightning (all-girl).
The main organisations hosting competitions in the UK are Scotcheer, BCA, ICC, Future Cheer and UKCA. The governing body is SportcheerGB, recognised by the International Cheer Union (ICU) which is promoting cheerleading as a sport to the Olympic bodies.
Cheerleading is conducted through all-star, university and school teams. Many of these teams compete against other cheerleading teams at regional and national levels. Cheerleading is not classified as a BUCS sport. There are also squads attached to some football and Rugby League teams; however, these often involve more dancing than the gymnastics and stunting elements of cheerleading.

</doc>
<doc id="20889429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889429" title="Töltéstava">
Töltéstava

Töltéstava is a village in Győr-Moson-Sopron County, Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="20889431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889431" title="Jahid Mohseni">
Jahid Mohseni

Jahid Mohseni (born January 25, 1971) who along with his brothers Saad and Zaid Mohseni and his sister Wajma Mohseni established MOBY Group, Afghanistan's most diverse media company with interests in television, radio, print, web and directories, IT&T, and retail. Jahid is CEO of Moby Group.
A founder of Moby, Jahid has led the creation and development of Moby Media and Afghanistan’s contemporary media industry to an internationally respected, and domestically market leading multi‐outlet operation. He has established himself as an Afghan, spreading the Dari and Pashto well beyond Afghanistan.
Prior to Moby, Jahid headed Afghan Government's Afghan Aid Co‐ordination Authority (AACA) responsible for coordinating donor assistance to Afghanistan and has over 15 years in management, development and business.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20889443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889443" title="Kompolje, Lukovica">
Kompolje, Lukovica

Kompolje () is a small settlement on the main road from Ljubljana to Celje in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20889461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889461" title="Steve DeMarchi">
Steve DeMarchi

Steven DeMarchi is a Canadian guitarist, backing vocalist and songwriter. He is best known as the co-founder and lead guitarist of the bands Sheriff (1979–1985) and Alias (1988–1991). DeMarchi also played guitar for The Cranberries (1996–2003) and was the main guitarist for Dolores O'Riordan (2005–2008).
As a Billboard hit songwriter, DeMarchi is known for co-writing the hit songs "More Than Words Can Say", a 1990 Number 1 hit on the BillBoard Hot AC chart and Number 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 and “Haunted Heart”, a 1990 Number 18 hit on the US Mainstream Rock chart.
BMI presented DeMarchi with the "Million-air award" for "More Than Words Can Say". According to BMI’s web site, only 1,500 songs including "When I'm With You" by Sheriff have achieved Million-air status (one million air plays) among the 4.5 million songs by 300,000 BMI represented artists. One million performances is the equivalent of approximately 50,000 broadcast hours, or more than 5.7 years of continuous airplay.
In 1982, DeMarchi performed live with Sheriff in LA on a nationwide TV show "An Evening at the Improv". In 1990, he performed live with Alias on several national TV shows, including two performances on "The Tonight Show" - once with Johnny Carson and once with Jay Leno.
DeMarchi was guitarist for the band The Cranberries between 1996 and 2003. Between 2005 and 2007 Dolores O’Riordan, the voice of The Cranberries and DeMarchi recorded O'Riordans first solo record titled "Are You Listening". DeMarchi appeared with O'Riordan on many televised and radio live performances in 2007 in support of that record, and travelled to over 22 countries in Europe, North America and South America on the 2007 O'Riordan world tour.
In May 2007, DeMarchi along with other band members, were featured with O’Riordan in live performances on the "Carson Daly Show", "The Tonight Show" with Jay Leno, True Music on HDnet cable network TV, and on Heaven and Earth BBC Manchester. 
In January 2009, Alias (primarily DeMarchi and Curci) announced the release of their second album, appropriately titled "Never Say Never". Live performances are expected during 2009 in support of this new album release.
Songwriting career.
DeMarchi has collaborated with other successful songwriters like Steve Diamond, Jim Vallance, Freddy Curci, Arnold Lanni, Rick Neigher, Albert Hammond, and Jeff Paris just to name a few. 
On the 1982 Sheriff album "Sheriff", DeMarchi co-wrote with Arnold Lanni the songs:
DeMarchi wrote most of the songs on the 1990 Alias album "Alias" with Freddy Curci, (the lead vocalist of Sheriff and Alias):
On Curci's 1994 solo album "Dreamer's Road", DeMarchi collaborated in writing the songs:
On the 2006 Zion album, DeMarchi collaborated with Curci for the songs:
Filmography.
1991 - Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead<br>
Soundtrack: Performer / Producer “Perfect World”

</doc>
<doc id="20889469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889469" title="Koreno, Lukovica">
Koreno, Lukovica

Koreno is a settlement in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20889473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889473" title="Sir Francis Heathcote, 9th Baronet">
Sir Francis Heathcote, 9th Baronet

Sir Francis Cooke Caulfeild Heathcote, 9th Baronet (1868 – 1961) was an Anglican clergyman.
He was born in Northamptonshire, England and educated at Lancing College, Sussex before emigrating to Canada in 1882. He studied at Trinity College, Toronto and was ordained in 1891. He was appointed Archdeacon of Vancouver in 1913 and later succeeded the Reverend Adam de Pencier as Bishop of New Westminster of the Anglican Church of Canada, located in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia, in 1940.
He died in 1961 at the age of 93.

</doc>
<doc id="20889480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889480" title="Georgia State Route 109">
Georgia State Route 109

State Route 109 (SR 109) is a state highway that runs west-to-east through portions of Heard, Troup, Meriwether, Pike, and Lamar counties in the western part of the U.S. state of Georgia.
Route description.
SR 109 begins at the Alabama state line, where the roadway continues as CR 20, west of Glenn. The road heads eastward, until it enters town. Then, it heads southeast into Troup County. Farther in the county, it meets the eastern terminus of SR 109 Spur (Roanoke Road). At this intersection, the highway turns left to cross over West Point Lake. It enters LaGrange and intersects US 29/SR 14. In the main part of town, the three routes meet US 27/SR 1/SR 219. At this intersection US 29/SR 14 depart to the north, along US 27/SR 1/SR 219 north. On the east end of town, it has an interchange with Interstate 85 (I-85). Then, it crosses over, but does not interchange with I-185. In Greenville, the highway meets US 27 Alternate/SR 18/SR 41, as well as SR 100 (North Depot Street). Here, US 27 Alternate/SR 18/SR 41/SR 109 run concurrent around the city square. SR 18 runs concurrent with SR 109 to the east. Just before leaving town, they intersect SR 109 Spur (Gay Road). In Woodbury, is an intersection with SR 85 Alternate (Whitehouse Parkway). Then, they meet SR 74/SR 85. At this intersection, SR 74 joins the concurrency. Just before entering Molena, SR splits off on Crest Highway. In town, SR 18 splits off to the north-northeast, while SR 109 heads east. The road heads northeast to a concurrency with US 19/SR 3, just west-southwest of Meansville. SR 109 heads through town and meets its eastern terminus, an intersection with SR 18, located between Zebulon and Barnesville.
SR 109 is not part of the National Highway System, a system of roadways important to the nation's economy, defense, and mobility.
Bannered routes.
Troup County spur route.
State Route 109 Spur (SR 109 Spur) is a spur route that exists entirely within the west-central part of Troup County. It used to be part of the SR 109 mainline and is known as Roanoke Road for its entire length.
It begins at the Alabama state line, where the roadway continues as CR 278. The road crosses over an arm of West Point Lake. It then passes the Harmony Cemetery, before it meets its eastern terminus, an intersection with the SR 109 mainline, west of LaGrange.
SR 109 Spur is not part of the National Highway System, a system of roadways important to the nation's economy, defense, and mobility.
Meriwether County spur route.
State Route 109 Spur (SR 109) is a spur route that connects SR 18/SR 109 (Woodbury Road) in Greenville to SR 74/SR 85 (Oakland Road) in Gay. It is located in the central and east-central parts of Meriwether County.
This road was designated because of the long distance on SR 74/SR 85 connecting Gay and SR 18/SR 109 in Woodbury. This also helps smooth traffic going to the Cotton Pickin' Fair in Gay.

</doc>
<doc id="20889492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889492" title="Korpe">
Korpe

Korpe is a small settlement in the hills southwest of Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the southeast of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20889514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889514" title="Kisha e Tuzit">
Kisha e Tuzit

Kisha e Tuzit is the Albanian translation for ""The Church of Tuzi"". The church's official name is Kisha e Shen Ndua (Church of Saint Anthony). The Catholic Church of Tuzi is located in the town of Tuzi, Montenegro. The church is also an Albanian establishment since the times of the 14th century, when it was risen in behalf of the founder to Tuz, Llesh Tuzi (who was a devoted Roman Catholic). The church of Tuzi is currently under the wing of Bishop Zef Gashi. Bishop Gashi is the head bishop of the Archdiocese of Bar and Bishop Gashi most currently appointed Pater Fran Dushaj as the official Priest to this sacred church. It was in this church to where the final blessings of Ded Gjo Luli and his army was made before the Battle of Deciq. The church stands has an old landmark to the people of Malsia, for Catholicism has always been a symbol to strength for them.

</doc>
<doc id="20889515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889515" title="Charter to the Gentry">
Charter to the Gentry

Charter for the Rights, Freedoms, and Privileges of the Noble Russian Gentry also called Charter to the Gentry or Charter to the Nobility was a charter issued by the Russian empress Catherine II.
It recognized the corps of nobles in each province as a legal corporate body and stated the rights and privileges bestowed upon its members. The charter was divided into an introduction and four sections:
Notable rights given to the Gentry via the charter include being exempt from taxation, controlling the economic gains of their serfs, being exempt from corporal punishment, allowing them the right to assembly, and allowing them to be tried in their own courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20889521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889521" title="Demography of Rawalpindi District">
Demography of Rawalpindi District

The Demography of Rawalpindi District, a district of Punjab in Pakistan, has undergone significant changes over the years. It has been affected by turmoil in the surrounding districts.
According to the 1998 census the population of the district was 3,363,911 of which 53.03% were urban, making Rawalpindi the second most urbanised district in Punjab. By 1998 the population was estimated to be 4.41 million - a rise of over a million. The main tribes of the district are Rajput, Ghakars, Awan, Dhund Abbasi, Dhanyal, Kethwal, Bhatti, Chauhan, Janjua, Maliar, Mangral, Jasgam, Mughals, Pashtuns, Jats, Qureshi, Rawal, Satti, Sheikh, Kashmiris, Gujars and Sayyid.
History.
1901 census.
The 1901 census was carried out during the period of British rule, the population of the district in 1901 was 558,699, the area of the district at the time was 558,699 square miles
The main tribes of Rawalpindi District at that time were the Satti, Awan, Dhund Abbasi, Dhanyal, Gakhars, Gujjars, Jasgam, Jats, Kashmiris, Khattar, Paracha, Rajputs and Sayyid.
According to the census of 1901, the population of the main tribes were: Awan (38,768), Dhund Abbasis (23,462), Gakhars(13,328), Gujjars (25,953)Janjua Rajputs(7,557), Jats (34,556), Khattar(1,014). Miscellaneous Dhanyal(3,991), Satti (5,343) and Sayyid(12,508).
According to the 1901 census Muslims numbered 466,918, or more than 83% of the total population, while Hindus and Sikhs numbered 57,325 and 26,363 respectively.
Jat clans.
The principal divisions of the Jats, according to 1901 census were:
Rajput clans.
The principal divisions of the Rajputs according to 1901 census were:
Other Rajput clans in the district include the Nagyal, Mathyal, Ratial, Sehngral, Sohlan, Sulehria, Langrial, Mangral, Khingar, Chib, Dhudhi, Ghik, Hafyal, Hattar, Malal, Bhutial, Jamsral, Sainswal, Bijnial, Ramial, Hayal, Janjil, Tharjial, Khumbal, Bharial, Salhal, Toor and Dogra.
After independence.
The predominantly Muslim population supported Muslim League and Pakistan Movement. After the independence of Pakistan in 1947, the minority Hindus and Sikhs migrated to India while the Muslim refugees from India settled in the Rawalpindi District. Kashmir and other areas arrived in Rawalpindi. While it is accepted that population of urban Rawalpindi has been transformed since independence, the rural population in the Kahuta, Kallar Syedan, Kotli Sattian, Gujar Khan and Murree Tehsils still comprise overwhelmingly of the tribes referred to in 1901 census.
Distribution.
Murree Tehsil.
The Muree Tehsil, barring the town of Muree itself which has a multi-ethnic population, is almost entirely held by the Dhund Abbasi tribe, with a few villages held by the Dhanyal and satti. Indeed, the dialect of Punjabi spoken in the tehsil, is often referred to as Dhundi-Kairali language.
Kotli Sattian Tehsil.
This tehsil is largely held by the Dhanyal, Satti and Kethwal tribes, with a sprinkling of Jasgam and as well as a few other minor Muslim Rajput tribes.
Kotli Sattian in fact means the fort of the Sattis, and the tehsil is a stronghold of the tribe.
Kallar Syedan Tehsil.
This tehsil is generally home a number of Rajput clans, such as the Bhakral, Bhatti, Janjua, Langrial, Baghial, Kahial, Hon Rajputs among others. The tehsil also has a fair amount of Gakhar and Awan villages.
Gujar Khan Tehsil.
Gujar Khan Tehsil is home to a variety of communities; the town of Gujar Khan is multi-ethnic, having taken in refugees from Kashmir and East Punjab, as well as immigrants from others parts of the country.
The rural Union Councils are generally held by Gakhar, Gujar, Jat, Rajput (Jasgam, Mial, Manhas, Bangial, Kanyal, Bhakral, Bhatti, Janjua, Gungal etc. and Awan tribes.
This tehsil is only one in Rawalpindi District where there is a substantial community of Jats. Along the Kallar Syedan Tehsil border, there are several villages of Sandhu Jats, who arrived in the region in the 18th century. Other clans in the tehsil include the Cheema, Chhina, Bains, Kalyal, Aura, and the Khingar, some of whom are Rajput, while others are Jats.
Kahuta Tehsil.
Another district dominated by Rajput tribes, such the satti, Janjua, Mangral, Kethwal, Khatril and Bhatti. The hilly portion of the tehsil is held by the Jasgam Abbasi and Dhund Abbasi. In addition, the district is also home to a large number of Gakhars and Awans.
Taxila Tehsil.
This tehsil is home to Awan, Khattar, Gujar and Alpial Rajputs.
The border with Attock District is almost entirely held by the Awan, Gujjar and Khattar tribes.
The family of the Alpial Chaudrys of Chakri is fairly prominent.
Rawalpindi Tehsil.
Rawalpindi Tehsil includes the city of Rawalpindi and surrounding countryside. The city is multi-ethnic, with large communities of immigrant Pashtuns. However, two communities, the Parachas and Kashmiris have always been historically connected with city. The rural areas are home mainly to Mughal, Gakhar, Rajput and Awan tribes. The Dhamial and Ranial Rajputs are two important clans, with villages near the city. Other important Rajput clans are the Bhakral, Bhatti, Minhas and Janjua, who form the four largest tribes in the tehsil. In addition, other Rajput clans include the Adrah, Baghial, Bhakral, Bains, Chauhan, Kanyal, Mattal, Mial, Nagyal, Nagral, Nagrawal, Ratial and Sarral. The tehsil is also home to small community of Jats, the Gondal, Chatha and Thathal are three important Jat clans in the tehsil.

</doc>
<doc id="20889546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889546" title="The Sunshine Boys (film)">
The Sunshine Boys (film)

The Sunshine Boys is a 1975 American comedy film directed by Herbert Ross and produced by Ray Stark, released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and based on the play of the same name by Neil Simon, about two legendary (and cranky) comics brought together for a reunion and revival of their famous act. The cast included real-life experienced vaudevillian actor George Burns as Lewis, Walter Matthau as Clark, and Richard Benjamin as Ben, with Lee Meredith, F. Murray Abraham, Rosetta LeNoire, Howard Hesseman, and Ron Rifkin in supporting roles. This would be Matthau's last Neil Simon movie until 1982's "I Ought to Be in Pictures" with Ann-Margret and Dinah Manoff.
Woody Allen originally was asked to direct, but he was more interested in playing the role of Lewis and declined the offer. Twenty years later, he would be cast as Lewis in a television adaptation.
Initially, Bob Hope and Bing Crosby were proposed for the leads, but Simon was opposed to the idea, as he felt the roles required Jewish comedians. Several actors, including Groucho Marx and Phil Silvers were considered and the roles eventually were given to real-life vaudevillian veterans Red Skelton and Jack Benny. 
Benny was forced to withdraw after being diagnosed with the pancreatic cancer that would soon claim him and recommended his friend and fellow real-life vaudevillian veteran Burns, who had not been in a film since 1939, for the role. Skelton declined after realizing his income was higher performing his stand-up comedy than what he was offered for the film; he was replaced by the younger Matthau. Burns' Academy Award-winning role revived his career and redefined his popular image as a remarkably active, older comedy star. 
Plot.
Al Lewis (George Burns) and Willy Clark (Walter Matthau) are two old comedians who were once a popular vaudeville comedy act known as "Lewis and Clark" and also called the Sunshine Boys. After 43 years together, they parted ways 11 years ago on unfriendly terms and have not spoken to each other since then. The break-up was due, in part, to Al's intent to retire and Willy's desire to continue performing. Willy's nephew, Ben (Richard Benjamin), a talent agent, tries finding work for Willy, which proves difficult due to Willy's age and blustery temperament.
When one of the major networks decides to air a program on the history of comedy and wants the Sunshine Boys to reunite for the show, Ben tries securing the duo's cooperation one last time. Ben tries managing the individual quirks of two old men in their twilight years, including omitting the abuse and insults each used in discussing the other with him, and diplomatically portraying each as anxious to do the "Doctor Sketch" for an ABC special to give the appearance of harmony.
An attempt to rehearse the Doctor Sketch at Willy's apartment starts with the two grudgingly getting re-acquainted, but goes only as far as Al entering the doctor's (Willy's) office, before Willy decides to change the scripted long-established "Come in" to "Enter!" This results in a loud shouting argument and Al's stormy departure.
Ben has to patch up and salvage the situation, despite the objections of Al's daughter to her father being bothered any more about the special and manages to get them in the studio. In the dressing room, they do not speak to each other as persons, just like they did in the last year they did their sketches. There is unpleasantness when Willy carelessly dumps makeup jars on Al, followed by Willy's usual trouble with doors, in the dressing room.
After Phyllis Diller finishes her scene and Steve Allen speaks his introduction, the Doctor Sketch starts. It flows smoothly until Willy starts shouting about Al's spitting on him and poking him in the chest. Despite Ben and the staff trying to restore order, Willy is finally storming off the set, shouting accusations and abuse, and Al is also leaving (finding it impossible to work with the man). In the stairwell, Willy's ongoing temper tantrum results in him being felled by a serious heart attack.
Willy recovers, first in the hospital and then at home with a private nurse, with whom he argues. Ben visits and tells him that he has to retire now. He has in mind an actor's retirement home. Al is also going to move into the same retirement home, as his daughter is going to have a baby, and she will need his room. The two meet again at Willy's apartment, in attempts to finally establish a friendship.
Awards and nominations.
The film won an Academy Award and was nominated for three others:

</doc>
<doc id="20889564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889564" title="Portnall Park, Virginia Water">
Portnall Park, Virginia Water

Portnall Park is in Virginia Water, Surrey, on Bagshot road, three miles (5 km) from Egham, and 21 miles from London.
History.
A house was built at "Potnalls", "Potenall", "Portenall", or Portnall Park by c. 1770. In 1804 Rev. Thomas Bisse (c1754-1828) exchanged it for some land at Tite Hill, Egham (probably land that had belonged to his wife's aunt Lydia Challoner (died 1803) with David Jebb, the younger son of Dr. John Jebb, Dean of Cashel (c1706-1787).
Bisse extended the mansion, as did the son, Colonel Bisse-Challoner (1788–1872), after 1828.
This is how Prosser described it in 1828: 'The park, comprising nearly four hundred acres, is beautifully undulated, and diversified with timber and flourishing plantations, through which extensive gravel walks and green rides are formed ; in well-chosen situations are seats and rustic retreats, commanding extensive and beautifully varied views over the Surrey hills on the one side, and over the far-famed lake of Virginia Water on the other.
The entrance lodge is built in a peculiarly elegant style, and the approach to the house is about three quarters of a mile through some thriving plantations. The gardens and farm to the south-west of the house are lately erected on a very convenient and elegant plan.'
Col. Challoner married, secondly, on 6 January 1859, Henrietta Emma Helena De Salis (1824–1863) third surviving daughter of Count de Salis. In 1872 Col. Challoner died and his estate passed to his second wife's youngest brother, Rev. Henry Jerome de Salis (d.1915). According to Henry Jerome's second son Cecil in 1872 Portnall was staffed by three men in the house; two in the stables; six or seven men in the garden; nine or 10 maids in the house; and four or five men on the farm was c600 acres.
On his death the life interest passed to Henry Jerome's eldest son, Rodolph (1931) (the youngest son was Charles Fane de Salis). He soon had the house on the market and after a brief struggle with his next brother it was eventually alienated and sold in 1923 to golf course pioneer and property developer W.G. Tarrant now of Wentworth Estate fame, for £15,000. 
The freehold comprised with a half a mile frontage to the main road. The mansion house had 27 or 30 bedrooms and dressing rooms. There was a 'large square block of stabling' (for 15 horses); a six booth coach house; barn; cowsheds; bailiff's cottage; bothy; potting sheds; 'good' greenhouses; two walled gardens; five pairs of freehold cottages (three at Shrubs Hill and two at Knowle Hill); two lodge cottages; and a gardener's cottage.
In an Affidavit sworn 23 January 1923 in the High Court of Justice Chancery Division before Mr. Justice Eve, re. "Challoner's Settled Estate", Rodolph wrote:
Comparison in 2008 of the fate of the land around Dawley, just south of Hillingdon towards Heathrow, with the present state of the Wentworth Estate would show that to have been a miscalculation. (Dawley was a small estate that his brother had inherited and had seemingly proposed to sell off in order to keep Portnall).
George Prosser's description of 1828.
THE SEAT OF COLONEL BISSE CHALLONER
Portenhall,- or Portnall park, formerly belonged to the crown. In an act of parliament passed in the first year of the reign of Henry the Seventh, 1485, for resumption of all grants since the thirty-fourth of Henry the Sixth, is an exception of several made by that king; amongst which is one to Richard Pigot of the keepership of Potenhall park.
In 1528 Henry the Eighth granted to Sir William Fitz-William, his park of Portnall, paying annually a red rose to the sheriff of Surrey. It is a manor within a manor, having the right and privilege of appointing a keeper. It became the property of Dean Jebb, and from him descended to his son David Jebb, esq. who sold it about the year 1795 to the Rev. Bisse. Mr. Bisse shortly afterwards pulled down the remaining wing of the ancient mansion, which had fallen into decay, and built a modern house on the same site. On the death of Mr. Bisse in 1828, the property devolved to his son Colonel Bisse Challoner, who has from his own plans effected a total change in the character of the estate, a great portion of which had been inclosed from the neighbouring heath. Extensive plantations of firs, &c. made by the present owner during his father's lifetime have materially aided in the formation of the many delightful scenes this spot now presents.
The house has also been much improved and enlarged. The interior, though not very spacious, is replete with comfort and convenience, and is enriched with many works of art, among which are some splendid agate tables and marble vases of a superior order, which die present owner brought with him from Italy. On the west side have been added excellent and commodious brick-built offices.
Near the house are some avenues of very stately old oak : through one of these avenues before the south-west front, a handsome gravel terrace walk, thirty feet wide by four hundred feet long, has been formed. It is ornamented with marble seats and statues on either side, after the manner of the Stahan gardens, and commands a beautiful prospect. In the vale below two sheets of water recently formed contribute much to the effect of the local scenery.
The park, comprising nearly four hundred acres, is beautifully undulated, and diversified with timber and flourishing plantations, through which extensive gravel walks and green rides are formed ; in well-chosen situations are seats and rustic retreats, commanding extensive and beautifully varied views over the Surrey hills on the one side, and over the far-famed lake of Virginia Water on the other.
The entrance lodge is built in a peculiarly elegant style, and the approach to the house is about three quarters of a mile through some thriving plantations. The gardens and farm to the south-west of the house are lately erected on a very convenient and elegant plan.
Portnall park is on the Bagshot road, three miles distant from Egham, and twenty-one from London.
Victoria County History 1911.
The land there belonged anciently to the Crown.
It is not clear when it was imparked, but in 1485 the office of parker in the king's park of Potenall in the forest of Windsor was given to John Molle. In 1528 Henry VIII granted the park to Sir William Fitz William and his heirs, 'for the service of one red rose annually.' It was apparently disparked before 1607, for Norden's Survey of the parks in the forest of Windsor of that year does not include it. The history of the property during the 17th century is not apparent.
During the latter half of the 18th century it is referred to as a manor held by families named Walker and Day. The manor so called was conveyed in 1791 to Mr. Lowndes, whose family owned property in Chertsey and Egham fifty years later. Part of the estate, however, was in the hands of Dr. Jebb, Dean of Londonderry. His son Mr. David Jebb exchanged it in 1804 for other land with the Rev. T. Bisse, whose son, Colonel Bisse Challoner, held it in 1840, and built the present house.
It is now the property of the Rev. H. J. A. Fane de Salis. A park was inclosed by Colonel Bisse Challoner. The site of the original park was probably not exactly where Portnall Park now is, but in Portnall Warren, where Norden's map marks Valley Wood.

</doc>
<doc id="20889579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889579" title="Scottish Conference League">
Scottish Conference League

The Scottish Conference League is the Scottish domestic league for the sport of rugby league. Between 2007 and 2011 it formed a division of the Rugby League Conference competition. Many of the teams run junior teams in the National Youth League. 
History.
The first Scottish club of modern times was Forth & Clyde Nomads who played in the North East League in 1995-96. However, after this one season, they folded. 
The "Scottish Conference" was founded with five teams in 1997 as a stand-alone competition. That same year the Rugby League Conference was founded as the "Southern Conference League"; it began as a 10-team pilot league for teams in the South of England and English Midlands but would later expand into the North of England and Wales.
The Scottish Conference briefly had two divisions in 2002 before reverting to one division. The league became administratively associated with the Rugby League Conference in 2006 and became a full division of the Conference a year later.
Jordanhill Phoenix and Kirkcaldy failed to start the 2010 season and Forth & Clyde Nomads were brought in as replacements.
The league split into a premier division and division 1 in 2011, which changed to a North and Central division in 2012. The league reverted to being a standalone league in 2012 when the Rugby League Conference was abolished.
Rugby League Conference Pyramid.
The Scotland Conference League is the highest level of amateur rugby league in Scotland. Above the Scotland Division is the National Conference League which sides from around the UK are able to join. To date, no Scottish side has played at a national level.

</doc>
<doc id="20889582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889582" title="Current Medical Research and Opinion">
Current Medical Research and Opinion

Current Medical Research and Opinion is a peer-reviewed medical journal established in 1972. It is published monthly by Informa.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed by MEDLINE/PubMed, EMBASE/Excerpta Medica, Current Contents/Clinical Medicine, Science Citation Index, CAB Abstracts, PASCAL, and PsycINFO. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal's 2009 impact factor is 2.498.

</doc>
<doc id="20889597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889597" title="Heinz Wackers">
Heinz Wackers

Heinz Wackers (born 20 September 1925) was a professional ice hockey player. He represented Germany in the 1952 Winter Olympics, where the team finished 8th in the rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="20889600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889600" title="Claxheugh">
Claxheugh

Claxheugh ( ) is an area of South Hylton, Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, England. The area is primarily known for the large, limestone and sandstone cliff formed in the late Permian period, known as Claxheugh Rock, which forms part of the Ford Formation. The rock is often referred to as 'klachy rock' by the locals.

</doc>
<doc id="20889603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889603" title="Navan Novice Hurdle">
Navan Novice Hurdle

The Navan Novice Hurdle is a Grade 1 National Hunt race in Ireland. It is run in around the middle of December at Navan in Ireland, over a distance of 2 miles and 4 furlongs. 
The race was first run in 1999 over a distance of 2 miles, before increasing to today's distance in 2000. It was originally run as a Grade 3 race, before being given Grade 1 status in 2004. The race is usually contested by some of the season's top novice hurdlers, who often go on to contest top races at both the Cheltenham Festival and the Punchestown Festival later in the season. Prior to 2010 it was run as the Barry & Sandra Kelly Memorial Novice Hurdle.
Records.
Most successful jockey (3 wins):
Most successful trainer (4 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="20889610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889610" title="Malcolm Gillies">
Malcolm Gillies

Professor Malcolm George William Gillies (born 23 December 1954) is a musicologist and linguist, and Vice-Chancellor of London Metropolitan University. 
Education.
An Australian by birth, Gillies graduated with a degree in classics from the Australian National University, and subsequently earned a further degree in music from the University of Cambridge. He has been awarded a master's degree from King's College London, and doctoral degrees in music from the University of London and the University of Melbourne. In 1983-5 he was a Hungarian Government Scholar at the Hungarian Academy of Sciences in Budapest. 
Scholarship.
Gillies is a recognised authority on the composers Percy Grainger and Béla Bartók. He has written or edited a dozen books and over 100 articles, chapters and reviews. His co-edited book (with David Pear and Mark Carroll), "Self-Portrait of Percy Grainger" (2006), was awarded a Deems Taylor Award by the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers in 2007. 
Since 1997 he has edited the series "Studies in Musical Genesis, Structure and Interpretation" for Oxford University Press. 
From 2000 to 2010 he was Board Chair of the international contemporary-music ensemble, Elision. In 2011 he curated the "Bartók: Infernal Dance" concert series for the Philharmonia Orchestra.
Academic administration.
Gillies was Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Education) and then Vice-President (Development) of the Australian National University, based in Canberra, Australia, and later at Yale University in the United States. From 1998 to 2001 he was the President of the Australian Academy of the Humanities; and in 2004-6 the inaugural President of the Council for the Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences. 
In 2007 he moved to the United Kingdom to become Vice-Chancellor and President of City University, London. He was described as "well-liked and respected, popular with staff and highly regarded in universities for his thoughtful and imaginative approach", but resigned in the summer of 2009, apparently following disagreements with the governing body.
While at City University, he was also an alternate director of the Office of the Independent Adjudicator; Vice-Chair of London Higher; a Trustee of the City of London Academy, Islington; and on the Research Policy Committee of Universities UK. In 2008-11 he was the Schools–Higher Education "Champion" for London.
In November 2009 he was appointed Vice-Chancellor and Chief Executive of London Metropolitan University. In office, he has overseen a programme of course closures and staff redundancies. In April 2012 a survey of staff instituted by the University and College Union (with a turnout of 338) returned a 91 per cent vote of no confidence in his management.
Gillies has also been Chair of London Higher, Chair of AccessHE, and a member of the International Network of Universities UK. He serves on the Nyenrode Foundation Board, responsible for the Nyenrode Business University and the Nyenrode Estate in the Netherlands; and is an Adjunct Professor in Creative Industries of Queensland University of Technology, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20889646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889646" title="Thomas Cartwright (bishop)">
Thomas Cartwright (bishop)

Thomas Cartwright (1634–1689) was an English bishop and diarist, known as a supporter of James II.
Life.
He was born and went to school in Northampton, and studied at the University of Oxford. He was first at Magdalen Hall, and then at Queen's College where he was tutored by Thomas Tully. He was ordained by Robert Skinner
He was vicar of Walthamstow from 1658 to 1662. In 1660 he was made vicar of Barking by the Crown. He became an ardent supporter of the Restoration monarchy, and was made dean of Durham in 1672.
He was appointed bishop of Chester in 1686, by James II, and became a member of the King's Ecclesiatical Commission. In October 1687 he was one of three Royal Commissioners, with Robert Wright and Sir Thomas Jenner, sent to Magdalen College, Oxford. They removed all but three of the Fellows.
After the Glorious Revolution he followed James II into exile. He died in Dublin, of dysentery, and is buried in Christ Church, Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="20889660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889660" title="Willie McCartney">
Willie McCartney

Willie McCartney (date of birth unknown — 24 January 1948) was a Scottish football referee and manager. He managed both of the Edinburgh derby rivals, Heart of Midlothian (Hearts) and Hibernian (Hibs).
The "Sunday Herald" newspaper listed McCartney in 22nd place in their 2003 list of the 50 greatest Scottish football managers, citing his role in the development of Hibs' Famous Five forward line. The newspaper also said that McCartney "was intelligent, jovial and had great presence", and described his ultimate failure to win a major trophy as "unthinkably cruel".
Hearts manager.
McCartney was appointed Hearts manager in November 1919, replacing his father, John. He had the task of rebuilding the side that had been largely decimated in the First World War, including three dead on the first day of the Battle of the Somme. Although Hearts drew big crowds during the early 1920s, the team was unsuccessful and narrowly avoided relegation in 1922. 
Hearts improved through the rest of McCartney's time, particularly after the signing of prolific goalscorer Barney Battles, Jr. in 1928, but defensive frailties meant that they did not win any trophies. In 1933, McCartney asked to be relieved of clerical duties to concentrate on working with the players, but this had no discernible impact. McCartney resigned in June 1935, as the new chairman wanted a more hands-on approach to management. McCartney had signed and developed many good players, but ultimately failed to deliver success.
Hibs manager.
After a year out of the game, McCartney was appointed Hibs manager in 1936. Hibs had suffered a very poor period in the early 1930s, having been relegated in 1931 and failing to win promotion in 1932. Although Hibs won promotion in 1933, they only just retained Division One status in 1934 and 1936. McCartney's appointment produced some excitement, as Hibs drew a crowd of 25,000 for his first match in charge. Hibs again struggled in his first season, as McCartney tried to find the right blend of the many new signings he had made. McCartney developed a strong group of younger players, but the club suffered a humiliating defeat in the 1937–38 Scottish Cup by Edinburgh City. Hibs put up a much better effort in the 1938–39 Scottish Cup, but were beaten 1–0 by eventual winners Clyde in the semi-final.
Just as it appeared McCartney was building a good team, with "The Scotsman" predicting a good 1939–40 season for Hibs, the Second World War started. The Scottish Football League abandoned competition after five games of the league season, with only friendlies outside "danger areas" (major central belt towns and cities) allowed. These restrictions were soon relaxed to allow games to be played in the cities, subject to Home Office permission, but the league was regionalised. Hibs used the war years productively, however. Gordon Smith and Bobby Combe were signed in 1941, even though Hearts had been watching both players. Soon afterwards, Smith scored a hat-trick for Hibs against Hearts at Tynecastle. Combe also scored in a 5–3 win for Hibs. At the same time, McCartney attracted guest players including Matt Busby and Bobby Baxter. 
Hibs won the Summer Cup in 1941, defeating Rangers in the final. Rangers were the dominant club during the war, winning every Southern League competition and six of the ten cup competitions. McCartney's Hibs were their main challengers, winning two of the other four cups, and winning an equal share of the league points contested between the two sides. The guest players moved on at the end of the war in 1945, but McCartney continued to build the side. Willie Ormond and Eddie Turnbull were signed during the 1946–47 season, while a young Lawrie Reilly also signed in that season. McCartney technically wasn't allowed to sign the 16 year-old Reilly, but got around the regulation by keeping the signing form in his desk until Reilly's 17th birthday. 
Hibs finished that season as runners-up in both of the main competitions, second to Rangers in the league and 2–1 losers to Aberdeen in the 1947 Scottish Cup Final. Hibs started the 1947–48 season strongly, and were top of the league in January ahead of a key match against Rangers at Ibrox. The week before, Hibs played Albion Rovers in the 1947–48 Scottish Cup at Cliftonhill. Hibs won an unremarkable match 2–0, but manager McCartney had collapsed and died later that day. Trainer Hugh Shaw was appointed as McCartney's replacement, and Hibs went on to win the league that season Shaw completed the Famous Five lineup by signing Bobby Johnstone, and the team went on to win further league championships in 1951 and 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20889668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889668" title="Vigdis Songe-Møller">
Vigdis Songe-Møller

Vigdis Songe-Møller (born 1949) is Professor of Philosophy at the University of Bergen.
Songe-Møller's "Philosophy without Women" was a feminist exploration of ancient philosophy. Her own experience as a pregnant woman – for whom "the Parmenidean idea of all things existing ultimately as one and self-identical is, to say the least, far from self-evident" – led her to investigate connections between "the Greek philosophers' ideals of unity, self-identity and eternity and their attitudes towards sexuality, reproduction and sexual difference."

</doc>
<doc id="20889670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889670" title="Victor Hirtzler">
Victor Hirtzler

Victor Hirtzler (ca. 1875, Strasbourg – February 9, 1931, Strasbourg) was a French chef who was head chef of San Francisco, California's St. Francis Hotel from its opening in 1904 until 1926. One of America's first celebrity chefs, he publicized himself and his hotel by inventing dishes, writing cookbooks, and hosting extravagant meals.
Biography.
Hirtzler was born in approximately 1875 in Strasbourg, France. He trained at the Grand Hotel in Paris, France, served as cook and food taster to Czar Nicholas II, and chef du cuisine for Carlos I of Portugal, before moving to Sherry's and the Waldorf in New York City. In 1904 he moved to San Francisco to manage food service at the recently opened St. Francis Hotel on Union Square.
The hotel survived the San Francisco Earthquake of 1906, and opened for breakfast as usual that morning, shortly after the quake, to the surprise and admiration of the city's residents. Hirtzler created and named a dish after Enrico Caruso, a prominent guest at the time. For a number of years, including the 100th anniversary of the disaster, the hotel recreated the morning's menu for a special "Earthquake Survivor Breakfast" in honor of the last few remaining survivors, with dishes including "Chilled Rhubarb Stew", "Southern Hominy with Cream", and "Eggs with Black Truffles in Puff Pastry". However, the hotel interior was soon gutted by fires sweeping the city, and the main part of the hotel closed until 1907.
Known for a thick French accent, a pointed beard and curled moustache, showy costumes that included a red fez, and frequent appearances to greet guests and dignitaries throughout the hotel, Hirtzler "exceeded even the Hollywood portrait of a master chef". His cooking style was French, and he specialized in offering his guests many choices: "A typical dinner menu would offer a choice of fourteen cheeses, twenty clam or oyster dishes, eleven soups, twenty-four relishes, seventeen kinds of fish, and fifty-eight entrées from hamburger to Bohemian ham." Breakfasts included 203 different preparations of eggs, such as "Eggs Moscow" stuffed with caviar. In addition to naming dishes after guests (such as "Eggs Sarah Bernhardt", with diced chicken), Hirtzler invented or renamed a number of dishes after himself including "Chicken Salad Victor", "Crab Cocktail Victor", "Victor Dressing", and the best known, "Celery Victor". Hirtzler may also have invented "Crab Louie".
Hirtzler returned to Strasbourg in 1925, returning to San Francisco briefly in 1926 for the opening of the Mark Hopkins Hotel on Nob Hill. He died in Strasbourg, France, on February 9, 1931, as announced in the "Hotel Monthly" (Chicago, John Willy). Late in life, Victor had married Regina CASPARY (1882–1955), of Beaver Dam, Wisconsin, daughter of the wagon-maker and bottling company owner, Adam CASPARY (1835–1907).

</doc>
<doc id="20889687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889687" title="Krajno Brdo">
Krajno Brdo

Krajno Brdo is a settlement northeast of Krašnja in the Municipality of Lukovica in the southeastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20889691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889691" title="FC Arda">
FC Arda

FC Arda () is a Bulgarian football club based in Kardzhali, currently playing in the South-East V AFG, the third division of Bulgarian football.
Its home stadium "Druzhba" has a capacity of 25 000 seats. Its best achievement was participating in the B Professional Football Group. Club colors are blue and white. FC Arda was officially founded on 10 August 1924. From 1945 to 1957 the club is called "FC Minyor".
Current squad.
"As of September 25, 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="20889711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889711" title="Žirovše">
Žirovše

Žirovše (in older sources also "Sirovše", ) is a small settlement east of Krašnja in the Municipality of Lukovica in the southeastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20889712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889712" title="Bahia mangroves">
Bahia mangroves

The Bahia Mangroves is a tropical ecoregion of the Mangrove forests Biome, and the South American Atlantic Forest biome, located in Northeastern Brazil.
Geography.
The Bahia mangrove habitats occupy minor bays, estuaries, and river inlets along the coast from Recôncavo on Todos os Santos Bay in Bahia State; north to the Doce River in Espírito Santo State. 
The total ecoregion comprises 2,100 square kilometers (800 square miles)) of shallow coastal waters and land. 
Flora.
Mangrove tree species include typical Atlantic Ocean tropical mangrove species, the red mangrove ("Rhizophora mangle") of the Rhizophoraceae, the black mangrove (Avicennia germinans) of the Acanthaceae, and the white mangrove ("Laguncularia racemosa") of the Combretaceae family.
Conservation.
Clearing the mangrove forests for development is the greatest conservation threat currently. The mangroves are threatened by coastal urban sprawl, and by managed aquiculture enterprises, such as shrimp farms in Salinas da Margaridas. 
Rising sea level from global climate change is of concern for the future of the Bahia mangroves.

</doc>
<doc id="20889720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889720" title="Super Rotor Andorinha">
Super Rotor Andorinha

__NOTOC__
The Super Rotor AC.4 "Andorinha" ("Swallow") was a sport autogyro first produced in Brazil in the 1960s. The prototype was built by Altair Coelho and flown in 1960 as the AC.1, a typically minimalist autogyro design consisting of an open framework supporting the pilot's seat, rotor mast, engine mounting and tail fin. Power was supplied by a converted Volkswagen engine driving a pusher propeller. Francisco Mattis purchased the prototype and manufacturing rights and founded Super Rotor (now Montalva) of São Paulo to produce the aircraft. Refinements for serial production as the AC.4 included an extra reinforcing strut for the rotor mast and a larger tail fin.
Super Rotor went on to produce a two-seat version with dual controls as the M.1 Montalva, a turbo-charged two-seater as the M.2 "Trovão Azul" ("Blue Thunder"), and an agricultural version with spray bars as the Agricóptero. 

</doc>
<doc id="20889728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889728" title="Zavrh pri Trojanah">
Zavrh pri Trojanah

Zavrh pri Trojanah (in older sources also "Za Vrhom", ) is a small dispersed settlement above Trojane in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Zavrh" to "Zavrh pri Trojanah" in 1953. In the 19th century the German name was "Zawerch".

</doc>
<doc id="20889768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889768" title="Die Karpathen">
Die Karpathen

Die Karpathen ("The Carpathians") was a German-language publication that appeared twice a month in Kronstadt, Austria-Hungary (now Braşov, Romania) between 1907 - 1914.
Subintitled "Halbmonatsschrift für Kultur und Leben " (Bimonthly publication for culture and life), the work was originally posted by Adolf Meschendörfer.
"Die Karpathen" featured articles on science and economics but Meschendörfer affirmed that he supported the "Saxons' need to escape from the traditional frame and from the vision they had about themselves".
As an example of the themes that appeared in the magazine, below is a summary of topics from a magazine from the third year of appearance, first semester, October 1909 - March 1910:
The magazine stopped publishing because of the First World War.

</doc>
<doc id="20889774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889774" title="Camillo Gioja Barbera">
Camillo Gioja Barbera

Camillo Gioja Barbera was a 19th-century Italian painter.
He painted aquarelles and oil paintings. Mostly he painted themes displaying rooms populated with aristocrates and clergy. He is recorded in the list of Comanducci. Interesting to know is that the Commanduci guide spelled his name in a faulty way, Cimillo Gioja Barbera signed his works with a double "l".
Overview sold works:
Reference: actionresults: FindArtInfo.com

</doc>
<doc id="20889785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889785" title="Rainbow rose">
Rainbow rose

The rainbow rose is a rose which has had its petals artificially colored. The method exploits the rose's natural processes by which water is drawn up the stem. By splitting the stem and dipping each part in different colored water, the colors are drawn into the petals resulting in a multicolored rose.With these changes to the rose, it causes them to not live as long as an uncolored rose.
Besides roses, other cut flowers like the chrysanthemum, carnation, hydrangea and some species of orchids can also be colored using the same method.
History.
The uncomplicated process has been known for more than a millennium. Several companies have moved to patent the process. It appears they have been partially successful.It will be up to the courts to decide if the process can be patented.
Cultivars.
A lot of research was done to find the best cultivar for this unique coloring process, with the result that the Venezuela Rose is the only cultivar that absorbs all the different colorants perfectly. The Venezuela Rose is a Hybrid Tea, cream rose that grows in the Netherlands, Colombia and Ecuador. When the rose is in full bloom it has a flower diameter of 6 cm and a stem length of 40 to 100 cm. The rose is not scented. Other cultivars that can be used for this coloring process are Rosa La Belle and Rosa Avalanche+. However, these cultivars rainbow are not as bright as Venezuela.
Color combinations.
The Original Rainbow Rose has the 7 colors of the rainbow and this is the most popular rose in this category. However there are also the tropical variant with combinations of red/pink and yellow, and the ocean variant with combinations of green and blue. Other color combinations are also possible, though black and white are impossible to make.

</doc>
<doc id="20889799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889799" title="Cheshire Record Office">
Cheshire Record Office

The Cheshire Record Office is the county record office and diocesan record office for Cheshire. It houses the Cheshire Archives and Local Studies Service (formerly Cheshire and Chester Archives and Local Studies Service). Since 1986 it has been based in Duke Street, Chester.

</doc>
<doc id="20889803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889803" title="Videm pri Lukovici">
Videm pri Lukovici

Videm pri Lukovici is a small settlement south of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Videm" to "Videm pri Lukovici" in 1953. 

</doc>
<doc id="20889826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889826" title="Eganstown, Victoria">
Eganstown, Victoria

Eganstown is a town located in the Shire of Hepburn, Victoria, Australia. At the 2005 census, Eganstown and the surrounding area had a population of 432.
West of Daylesford, Victoria on the Midland Highway.
Until 1872 called Blanket Flat, the town takes its name from John Egan who secured a lease of land here in 1848. The land had originally been taken up by J.W. Berry in 1840. The area contains the Deep Creek Mineral Spring and Corinella Spring. 
Deep Creek Post Office opened on 21 January 1861, was renamed Egan's Town in 1872 and Eganstown around 1917, closing in 1969.
Corinella Run.
The Corinella Run was on Deep Creek and John Egan ran sheep there.
Egan took the name Corinella from the Aboriginal place name Koorinella, which means a place where kangaroos drink.

</doc>
<doc id="20889861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889861" title="Viva la Vodka">
Viva la Vodka

Viva la Vodka: Richard Cheese Live is a live album by Richard Cheese. The album continues Cheese's tradition of parodying contemporary pop music in the style of flamboyant lounge music. Its title and cover art are a play on Coldplay's 2008 album, "Viva la Vida".

</doc>
<doc id="20889862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889862" title="Alysia">
Alysia

Alysia is a luxury charter Motor yacht owned by Greek businessman Andreas Liveras. She is number 38 on the List of motor yachts by length. She was constructed in steel during 2006 by the Neorion ship-yard for a cost of about 116 million EUR. This made her Forbes Magazine's most expensive yacht in the world for 2006.
Statistics.
"Alysia" is long, in the beam and has a draft of . Her displacement is 2,990 metric tons. She can accommodate up to 36 guests and 36 crew. The main engines are twins Caterpillar 3606s, with maximum out put of each. She has a maximum speed of and a cruising speed of . Her auxiliary diesel generators are three 500 kW Caterpillar 3412 and one Caterpillar 3406. Her propulsion system drives two variable pitch KaMeWa propellers. Her water capacity is and her fuel capacity is which provides a range of .
It was on sale for 85M euro.
Renovated and renamed Moonlight II in 2012, and offered for weekly rentals of 500.000 euro.
Accommodation.
"Alysia" has a large jacuzzi, two outside bars, water jets, diving equipment, fishing equipment and a 
small speed boat used for dives away from the yacht. The staterooms include a small cinema, large conference room and small restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="20889863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889863" title="FC Tundzha">
FC Tundzha

FC Tundzha () is a Bulgarian football club based in Yambol, currently playing in the Bulgarian V AFG, the third division of Bulgarian football. Its home stadium "Tundzha" has a capacity of 18000 seats. Club colors are blue and white.
The club was officially founded in 1915. The team was one of the founders of Bulgarian B BFG with the name "Partizan". FC Tundzha is on 40th place on A Group All-time ranking 1948–2013.
The team is successor to Botev, Georgi Drazhev, Nikolai Lyskov, Partizan, Spartak, DNA, Red Flag, Victory and Glory. During the 50s the team is trying to become a stable part of Bulgarian B BFG. In the 60's, as already established patricipant, the team is involved in the fight for the title almost every season, and in season 1969/1970 FC Tungzha become a champion.The team plays in Bulgarian top division between 1970 and 1973. The team is established as a middle class team.
During the 80s the team is trying to remain part of Bulgarian B BFG. One time the team falls in Bulgarian V VFG , but goes back again to te proffesionals.
In 90s the team start its biggest falls in the hisroty. In 1994 the team falls from "B" Group to "V" Footbaall Group.
During the season 2000-2001 the team falls in "A" local group. In 2005-2006 lost the promotion for entering "V" Football Group, but in 2006-2007 enters "V" Group.
In the season 2011-2012 FC Tundzha ends the season in second place, after the team losts the promotion in the last round in Southeastern "V" Group. 
The team plays in 1/18 finals in The Bulgarian Cup in 2011-2012.
Two times semi-finalist in the National Championship in 1933 and 1936. The biggest success in Bulgarian V AFG is the 13th place in 1970/71 and three years playing in there.
Current squad.
"As of 1 October 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="20889885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889885" title="John Madden (Irish politician)">
John Madden (Irish politician)

John Anthony Madden (died 1954) was an Irish politician and medical practitioner. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) for the Mayo North constituency at the 1924 by-election caused by the disqualification of Cumann na nGaedheal's Henry Coyle, who was imprisoned for bouncing cheques. 
Madden was re-elected at the June 1927 general election but did not take his seat in either Dáil due to Sinn Féin's abstentionist policy. He did not contest the September 1927 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20889889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889889" title="Evangelos Sklavos">
Evangelos Sklavos

Evangelos Sklavos (alternate spellings: Vangelis Sklavos, Vaggelis Sklavos) (Greek: Βαγγέλης Σκλάβος; born December 1, 1977, in Athens, Greece) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is a 2.02m tall small forward-power forward.
Pro career.
Some of the clubs that Sklavos has played with during his professional career include: Valencia, Lokomotiv Rostov, NSB Rieti, and Gruppo Triboldi. In 2010, he signed with Panellinios Basket.

</doc>
<doc id="20889894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889894" title="Gotane">
Gotane

Gotane is a small village in the state of Maharashtra, India. It is located in the Dhule taluka of Dhule District in Maharastra.
Location.
Gotane is located on the Maharashtra Other District Road 98 (ODR 98).
Demographics.
As of 2001 census, Gotane had a population of 2,879 with 1,570 males and 1,309 females. Males constitute 54% of the population and females 46%. Gotane has an average literacy rate of 0%, lower than the national average of 59.5%. Male Literacy is 0%, and female literacy is 0%. In Gotane, 1% of the population is under 6 years of age. Gotane has an average birth rate of 0% and an average death rate of 0%.
There are total of 495 households in the village and the village border area is spread in the area of 956 hectares.
(Please make correction here for the literacy rate. If a village is having schools from more than 25 years, how the literacy rate can be 0%). Please submit correct information in wikipedia.
Economy.
Gotane farming economy is included in the states income & expenditure accounts. As for budget year 2007-2008 Gotane village had accounted for an income of Rs. 230,000.00 whereas the total expenditure was Rs. 230,000.00.
Administration.
Gotane has as Village Gram Panchayat for day to day administration. The District Zilla Panchayat headquarters is at Dhule and the Block Panchayat is also at Dhule.
Gotane has no commercial banks, co-operative banks, agricultural credit societies, non-agricultural credit societies or other credit societies present within the village.
Drinking water facilities.
Gotane has numerous drinking water facilities which are mainly available through a common tap or a common well. There are two wells and two hand pumps available within the village as drinking water sources.
Education Facilities.
Gotane has one primary, one secondary and one higher secondary school within the village. For all higher education, village students have to go to the bigger cities close by. There is also 1 government funded childcare and mother-care center (Anganwadi) within the village as part of the Integrated Child Development Services program started by the Indian government to combat child hunger and malnutrition in 1975.
Medical Facilities.
Gotane has no medical facilities present within the village.
Communication Facilities.
Gotane has no postal, telegraph or telephone facilities within the village. The closest post office is at Chaugaon which is 3.2 km from the village.
Recreation & Cultural Facilities.
Gotane has no recreational facilities, such as cinemas or video halls present within the village.
Gotane has no cultural facilities like sports-clubs, stadium or auditorium present within the village.
Transport.
Rail.
Gotane has no railway station of its own, the closest railway station is Dhule which is 12 km from the village.
Road.
Gotane has bus station and direct state transport (ST) connectivity. Villagers have to rely on the local vehicles for transport to nearby towns.
Air.
Gotane has no airport of its own, the closest airport is at Dhule.
References.
2. Government of India: Ministry of Panchayati Raj

</doc>
<doc id="20889895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889895" title="V Zideh">
V Zideh

V Zideh is a settlement east of Trojane in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The settlement includes the main hamlet of V Zideh southeast of Trojane as well as the hamlet of Podzid (in older sources also "Pod Zidom", ) northeast of Trojane.
Name.
V Zideh is also known locally as "Zide". The name "V Zideh" literally means 'in the walls/fortification', the name of the hamlet "Podzid" or "Pod Zidom" literally means 'below the wall/fortification', and the local name "Zide" is originally an accusative plural meaning 'walls/fortifications'. All of these names are connected with a Roman-era defensive wall.
History.
In the 2nd century AD, V Zideh was connected with the Roman way station at Trojane, the defensive wall of which extended to the hamlets of V Zideh and Podzid. Slavic settlement at V Zideh was attested in 1444. Teamsters used to rest their horses at V Zideh before making the climb to Trojane.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saints Hermagoras and Fortunatus. It dates to the second half of the 15th century and the workmanship of the keystones in the chancel link it to the stonemason workshop in Kamnik. The south wall of the chancel features a fresco of the crucifixion and fragments of a fresco of Saint Catherine dating to 1460. The main altar is from the second half of the 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20889897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889897" title="Jalan Gunung Ulu Kali">
Jalan Gunung Ulu Kali

Jalan Gunung Ulu Kali, Federal Route is a federal road in Genting Highlands, Pahang, Malaysia.
Route background.
The Kilometre Zero (0) starts at Mushroom Park roundabout.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 433 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20889902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889902" title="1986 Iowa Hawkeyes football team">
1986 Iowa Hawkeyes football team

The 1986 Iowa Hawkeyes football team represented the University of Iowa in the 1986 NCAA Division I-A football season.
Season.
The Hawkeyes non-conference games were against Iowa State, Northern Illinois, and Texas El-Paso.

</doc>
<doc id="20889915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889915" title="Beijing Government">
Beijing Government

Beijing Government may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20889921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889921" title="Peter Guggi">
Peter Guggi

Peter Guggi (born September 25, 1967) is a retired Austrian football player. He played for Rapid Vienna in the 1996 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup Final.

</doc>
<doc id="20889926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889926" title="Leigh Bennie">
Leigh Bennie

Leigh Bennie is a South African radio broadcaster became famous after her appearance on "Big Brother (South Africa)". She presently occupies the "A Word On" slot on 567 Cape Talk and Talk Radio 702, in which capacity she hosts various experts as they deconstruct the esoterica of legal matters, cars, medical matters, finance and psychology.
Biography.
Born in Cape Town, Bennie was raised in a Usutu Valley hamlet in Swaziland. This, she wrote, "provided a beautiful contrast to my early life". She spent two years in a Pietermaritzburg boarding school, and two more at university, before dropping out to "explore freedom" and become a waitress in what she describes as the terrifying metropolis of Johannesburg.
She later returned to Cape Town as part of her training as an air traffic controller. There she began "working on my 'happily ever after', until stardom/self-humiliation in the form of reality television summoned me back to Gauteng." There she took part in the smash-hit Big Brother before moving to radio.
Bennie, a self-described adrenaline junkie who says she is "ver the adventurer," climbed Mount Kilimanjaro in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20889930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889930" title="1996 ABC Champions Cup">
1996 ABC Champions Cup

The ABC Champions Cup 1996 was the 7th staging of the ABC Champions Cup, the basketball club tournament of Asian Basketball Confederation. The tournament was held in Manila, Philippines between June 2, 1996 and June 9.

</doc>
<doc id="20889933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889933" title="Morris County Golf Club">
Morris County Golf Club

The Morris County Golf Club is located in Morristown, New Jersey and was founded in 1894. It was unique at the time in that it was established and operated by women. Two club presidents have served as past USGA (United States Golf Association) presidents, which the club joined in 1895.
The current course was designed in 1916 by the architect Seth Raynor and restored in 2001. 

</doc>
<doc id="20889934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889934" title="Stella Vander">
Stella Vander

Stella Vander (born Stella Zelcer, also known as Stella; December 12, 1950) is a French singer and musician.
Early years.
Born in Paris into a family of Polish immigrants, she began writing music in the early sixties together with her uncle Maurice Chorenslup. Their songs were parodies of the Yé-yé style that was popular at the time. Stella's first EP, which included "Pourquoi pas moi", was released in November 1963, when she was twelve. In 1966, "Un air du folklore Auvergnat" ("a folk song from Auvergne", mocking Sheila's "Le Folklore Américain") increased her fame, followed by protests by the Auvergnat association—which took the lyrics seriously. Her take on music was 'engagingly sarcastic'. 1966's "Beatnicks D'Occasion" targeted weekend scenesters. Her final record as Stella was released in 1967. "I wasn't even 17 yet, but I just said 'Ok, pfft. Leave it.'"
Magma.
She later married Magma drummer Christian Vander and has appeared on numerous Magma albums. Since Magma's reformation in the late 1990s, she has assumed a larger role in the band's studio and performance efforts, and is currently Magma's most enduring and prominent vocalist. 
Solo albums.
In 1991 she released her first solo album as Stella Vander, "D'épreuves d'amour" (Seventh A-VIII).
"Le coeur allant vers" (Ex-Tension, with Sophia Domancich) appeared in 2004.
In 2011 was released "Passage du Nord Ouest" (Seventh AKT XVII 2 CD) (Recorded in Paris, 29/12/1991)
A compilation of 40 tracks from 1963-1968, "Pourquoi pas moi" was released in 1997 (Magic records 2 CD).

</doc>
<doc id="20889951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889951" title="Igors Pavlovs">
Igors Pavlovs

Igors Pavlovs (1 January 1965 in Lipetsk, Russia) is retired professional Latvian ice hockey player. During his career he played for Dinamo Riga and later for various hockey teams in Germany. He also represented Latvia at international level.
Coaching career.
After retiring as player Pavlovs became the coach of Krefeld Pinguine until he left on 29 April 2009, to join Kölner Haie who released him on 2 December 2009.
In 2010-11 season he became assistant coach for Sibir of KHL. In October 2010, Pavlovs was named head coach of Spartak Moscow after Milos Rziga was fired due to a poor start to the season. In that December, after suffering a serious illness, and the team results not improving, Pavlovs was released from his post and named team scout. In February, 2011, Pavlovs became head coach of Rapperswil-Jona Lakers

</doc>
<doc id="20889976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889976" title="Sundbyberg Church">
Sundbyberg Church

Sundbyberg Church is the main church of Sundbyberg in Sweden and is a part of the Church of Sweden. It was opened in 1911.
The church was built after drawings architect Axel Sjögren and it was breakthrough in the Swedish church building architecture.
It is located on Rosengatan 15 in Central Sundbyberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20889979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889979" title="Cutlass (film)">
Cutlass (film)

Cutlass is a short drama film which was filmed in 2007, written and directed by Kate Hudson.
Plot.
Little Lacy (Dakota Fanning), a big music fan, discovers a great but expensive guitar in a music shop. She's very excited by the guitar, and asks her mother, Robin (Virginia Madsen), to buy it. However, her mom says "absolutely not", but after that she reminiscences about the time she got an Olds "Cutlass" as her first car when she was younger. Her father used to say: "Whatever makes you happy, makes me happy". Maybe... in the end... she'll change her mind about Lacy's wish.

</doc>
<doc id="20889984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889984" title="Andoni Cedrún">
Andoni Cedrún

Andoni Cedrún Ibarra (born 5 June 1960) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
He appeared in 351 La Liga games over the course of 17 seasons, representing mostly Zaragoza with which he won three major titles, including the 1995 Cup Winners' Cup. He started his career with Athletic Bilbao.
Football career.
Born in Durango, Biscay, Cedrún was a youth product at Athletic de Bilbao, and managed to appear in 21 first-team matches during his first professional season, at only 20. This was prior to the promotion of another Lezama graduate, legendary Andoni Zubizarreta, which then left him two years without any La Liga appearances.
After a sole season at Cádiz CF (only 15 matches and top flight relegation), Cedrún joined fellow league side Real Zaragoza in the 1984 summer. He proceeded to amass 144 appearances in his first four years, adding five matches in the team's victorious campaign in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1994–95.
For the 1988–89 campaign the Aragonese signed Paraguayan José Luis Chilavert, and Cedrún would be again second-choice during two seasons. However, he managed to bounce back at age 30, going on to start again in the following three.
From 1993 onwards, Cedrún began facing some competition from Real Madrid youth graduate Juanmi and, after no league contests to his credit in 1995–96, left for a single top level season at lowly CD Logroñés, retiring subsequently.
Personal.
Cedrún's father, Carmelo, was also a footballer - and a goalkeeper. He too represented Athletic but with more success, amassing more than 400 official appearances in the 50's/60's.

</doc>
<doc id="20889987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889987" title="1995 ABC Champions Cup">
1995 ABC Champions Cup

The ABC Champions Cup 1995 was the 6th staging of the ABC Champions Cup, the basketball club tournament of Asian Basketball Confederation. The tournament was held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia between September 17, 1995 and September 24.

</doc>
<doc id="20889996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20889996" title="Live at the Royal Albert Hall (Nick Cave and The Bad Seeds album)">
Live at the Royal Albert Hall (Nick Cave and The Bad Seeds album)

Live at the Royal Albert Hall is a live album by Nick Cave and The Bad Seeds, released on 24 November 2008. It was recorded on 19 and 20 May 1997 during the tour for "The Boatman's Call" and eight of these tracks (plus a version of "The Weeping Song") were originally released as a nine-track bonus disc for "The Best of Nick Cave and The Bad Seeds". It features a version of "Where the Wild Roses Grow" with vocals by Blixa Bargeld, which is delivered in a way that is similar to the demo version that can also be found on the "B-Sides & Rarities" three-disc set. These live recordings display the more mellow sound and performances that the group had been showcasing at that period, and would continue to deliver in the later "No More Shall We Part".

</doc>
<doc id="20890004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890004" title="Peter Mumford">
Peter Mumford

Peter Mumford (14 October 1922 – 1992) was a bishop of the Church of England. He was the Bishop of Hertford from 1974 to 1981 and the Bishop of Truro from 1981 to 1989.
Mumford was educated at Sherborne School and University College, Oxford. After Second World War service with the Royal Artillery he began his ordained ministry as a curate at St Mark's Salisbury. He was then the vicar of St Andrew’s Bedford, the rector of Crawley and finally, from 1973 until his ordination to the episcopate, the Archdeacon of St Albans. He married Jane and they had two sons and a daughter: his wife survived him.
Mumford wrote an autobiography, including "reflections", called "Quick-eyed Love Observing" (the title alludes to a poem by George Herbert), which was published after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20890011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890011" title="Peter Gration">
Peter Gration

General Peter Courtney Gration (born 6 January 1932) is an Australian general who served in the positions of Chief of the General Staff and Chief of the Defence Force; the professional head of the Australian Army and Australian Defence Force respectively.
Early life.
Gration was born in Richmond, Victoria, on 6 January 1932 to David Roy Gration and his wife Margaret (née Fleming). David, a dental mechanic, had served as a sapper on the Western Front and later enlisted in the Volunteer Defence Corps during the Second World War, discharging with the rank of corporal in 1945. Peter attended Scotch College, Melbourne from 1945 until matriculation in 1948, where he was active in the school's cricket, football and athletics teams.
Military career.
Accepted into the Royal Military College, Duntroon, Gration began his course at the college in 1949. He graduated as a lieutenant three years later with the Queen's Medal, and was allocated to the Royal Australian Engineers. Over the following two years, Gration was a resident student at Ormond College in the University of Melbourne where he completed a Bachelor of Civil Engineering degree; Gration subsequently completed a Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Economics at the University of Queensland in later years.
Gration saw active service during the Malayan Emergency, before attending the British Army Staff College, Camberley in 1964. He completed a tour of duty during the Vietnam War between 1969 and 1970, during which time he was posted as commanding officer of the 1st Australian Civil Affairs Unit with the rank of lieutenant colonel. For his "distinguished services" in Vietnam, Gration was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1971.
In 1973, Gration was appointed Director of Engineers. Following that three year stint, he was posted to a course at the United States Army War College. Gration was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) in the 1984 Australia Day Honours List for his service as Assistant Chief of the Defence Force Staff. Later that year he was promoted to lieutenant general and appointed Chief of the General Staff – the professional head of the Australian Army.
In 1987 Gration was appointed Chief of the Defence Force and promoted to general. In the Australia Day Honours of 1988 he was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia (AC). Following forty-four years of service, Gration retired from the Australian Army and active military service in 1993.
Retirement.
Since his retirement from the army, Gration has held various senior positions in companies and charities, including: Chairman of the Civil Aviation Authority, Chairman of the Council of the Australian War Memorial, Chairman of the Management Committee of Transfield Defence Systems, Chairman of the Advisory Board of the Australian Defence College, Director of Tenix Pty Ltd, Chairman of Tenix Toll Defence Logistics Pty Ltd, Founding Chairman of the General Sir John Monash Foundation, and National President of Toc H.
In 1993 Gration was awarded an honorary Doctor of Science from the University of New South Wales. During 1994–1995, Gration served as a consultant to the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet and had primary responsibility for negotiation of a security agreement with Indonesia. During this time, he was appointed Honorary Colonel of the Melbourne University Regiment, and made Representative Colonel Commandant of the Royal Australian Engineers during 2000.
Since the 2003 Invasion of Iraq, Gration has been open in his criticism of Australia's involvement in the war. In an article he wrote for "The Age", Gration declared: "... there are insufficient grounds for war, which is unnecessary and may lead to unpredictable and potentially disastrous consequences. It is not in Australia's interests to take part in such a war." He was awarded the inaugural Peace Prize from the Australian Medical Association for the Prevention of War in April 2005 for his "outspoken criticism".
Married with two sons, Gration is an Hononary Fellow of the Institution of Engineers, Australia, and a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering. His brother Air Marshal Barry Gration was Chief of the Air Staff of the Royal Australian Air Force from 1992 until 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20890012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890012" title="Thavie's Inn">
Thavie's Inn

Thavie's Inn was a former Inn of Chancery, associated with Lincoln's Inn, established at Holborn, near the site of the present side street and office block still known as Thavies Inn Buildings. "Thavie's Inn" is one of the earliest Inns of Chancery on record, both by date of establishment and dissolution. It remains a well-known City of London landmark, where Lloyd's Bank is situated, on the opposite side of Holborn Circus from Ely Place.
Origin of property.
In 1349 John Thavie, an armourer based in the parish of St Andrew's, Holborn, "left a considerable Estate towards the support of the fabric forever" of that church, a legacy which survived the English Reformation. It has been invested carefully through the centuries, and still provides for the church's current upkeep. His name has been transcribed as 'Thavy', 'Tavy' and 'Davy', "i.e." the Welsh surname.
In his will, the property is described as an inn "wherein the apprentices used to dwell" (note the past tense) and the assumption is that these were "Law Apprentices" who were known to lodge along Holborn, to be near the chancellor's court, "i.e." at the Bishop of Lincoln's establishment there. The property in question is best located by the present Bartlett's Buildings on the south-side of Holborn. 
Thavie's original property, which was left for his endowment of the church, may still have been let to 'lawyers' by Thavie's executors for income, and may have been the original home of Lincoln's Inn before it relocated to its present site on Chancery Lane. There is, however, considerable confusion as to just how the names of both the Inn of Chancery and the Inn of Court are derived.
The will's statement uses the past tense and we know from the records of the inn that the community of clerks had moved to the neighbouring house of John de Besvile; it is this site that is associated with the title of 'Thavie's Inn' and the assumption is that the transfer of that name indicates the later lawyers association as having started in the original Thavy premises.
There is a reference, after the relocation but before 1400, to the clerks at Besvile's house being addressed as "treshonorable, tresage compagne de David Inn in Holborn" "ie." the 'Right Honourable and Learned Company of David's Inn in Holborn'. A deed of 1419 referring to "Davesynne" is extant. All of these references are important because they are the first record of any formal establishment of lawyers. Lincoln's Inn's own records, the 'Black Books', themselves start in 1422.
Bishops, Earls, and Thomas called 'of Lincoln'.
The Templar Order had its first house in Holborn street from sometime in the reign of King Stephen, building one of their characteristic round churches on the site, located at what is now Southampton Buildings, next to Chancery Lane. The Templars relocated to the present Temple area in 1161, selling the first property to Robert de Chesney Bishop of Lincoln as his 'London' palace. Bishops were then also senior government officers of the Crown and those of Lincoln where often the chancellor, the king's most senior officer.
The Dominicans or 'Black Friars' arrived at Holborn in 1224, extending and developing their estate in Holborn and southwards to Fleet Street. It is alleged that the Archbishop of Canterbury induced them to relocate to the nearby Thames side and eastern side of the Fleet in 1279, to an area better known since then as 'Blackfriars'. They sold their old property to Henry de Lacy, Earl of Lincoln in that year. It is the claim of Lincoln's Inn that it derives its name from the Earl as its patron.
In 1369, the Benedictine cleric, the Abbot of Malmesbury, also required a London establishment for his affairs and the Benedictine Order acquired "Lyncolnesynne", that of one Thomas of Lincoln, who was a Serjeant at law, and thus a local landlord unrelated to the ecclesiastical or lay magnates of bearing a similar title/name. The Abbot did not occupy all of the buildings himself, instead letting them out to various tenants, perhaps some of them law apprentices and their masters. Thomas of Lincoln's property is located at what is now Furnivall Street, on the south-side of Holborn. This former site of "Lyncolnesynne" was close to the Thavie's Inn and Furnival's Inn sites.
The derivation of the present Lincoln's Inn name could simply be in reference to the group who migrated to the present 'Chichester Inn' site of Lincoln's Inn, in Chancery Lane, from this earlier Thomas's inn. At the latest, this was done by 1442, so that the group must have occupied at some time before something called 'Lincoln's Inn'. The Black Books start some twenty years before this move. Thavy's property itself was, however, a sub-division of Earl Henry de Lacy's manor so that the association of lawyers may have acquired their collective name from any informal affinity with the leading magnate's local interests. 
As to why the Inns of Chancery became subject to the Inns of Court is a moot point; it is, however, notable that the two subject to Lincoln's Inn (Thavie's and Furnival's) were not adjacent to its present site, unlike the dispositions of the other Chancery Inns to their patron Inns, but further east actually closer to the Thomas de Lincoln site. 
Lincoln's Inn sold Thavie's Inn for redevelopment in 1785, the proceeds being used to erect 'Stone Buildings'.

</doc>
<doc id="20890018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890018" title="Ballon d'Or 1991">
Ballon d'Or 1991

The 1991 Ballon d'Or, given to the best football player in Europe as judged by a panel of sports journalists from UEFA member countries, was awarded to Jean-Pierre Papin and published December 24, 1991.
Papin was the third French national to win the award after Raymond Kopa (1958) and Michel Platini (1983, 1984 and 1985). He was also the first player from the French League to win the trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="20890021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890021" title="Sedgefield, Western Cape">
Sedgefield, Western Cape

Sedgefield is a coastal town on the Garden Route in the Western Cape province of South Africa. It is situated on the N2 national road, between George and Knysna. The town offers beaches and bird-watching activities to the holiday revellers preferring its all-year mild weather. 
The town was proclaimed in 1929 on the farm Sedgefield, which in turn was named in 1894 after the village of the same name in the UK where the father (Henry Barrington) of the then-farmowner was born. 
History.
The farm Ruigtevlei was granted to the widow Meeding by Lord Charles Somerset and upon her death in 1878, the farm was divided into 9 lots. Lots A and B were first bought by individual farmers, before eventually being purchased in 1894 by John Barrington, son of then-famous politician, farmer and industrialist Henry Barrington (referred to as ‘Henry Barrington of Portland’ in the novel ‘Circles in a forest’ by Dalene Matthee). John named the town in honour of his father’s birthplace Sedgefield in the United Kingdom. 
Kate Maurice (née Barrington) inherited the farm Sedgefield from her brother upon his death in 1901. Kate sold the farm in 1911 to Salmon Terblans. A part of the farm Sedgefield was subsequently sold as Middelplaas, but was reincorporated in 1926. Terblans and Thomas Moodie investigated the possibility of proclaiming a town on the farm. Eventually, Moodie invested a lot of work into developing a town plan after securing an option to buy the farm but due to an oversight by Moodie’s lawyer, Terblans was able to step back out of their agreement at the last moment and sell the ground to Thesen and Company. However, Charlie Thesen decided to compensate Moodie for his invested effort and allowed him to name the newly proclaimed town. 
The name of Sedgefield was but one of a number of names considered by Moodie. In the end, the fact that it translated well to the original Afrikaans name of Ruigtevlei as well as the observation that it was very descriptive of the environment gave sway in favour of the name. 
After proclamation, the town experienced organic growth by attracting families who were attracted by the ‘new winter resort’ advertised in the George and Knysna Herald from 1927 onwards. The first families to settle were the Salts, Schumachers, Browns, Barnards and Mullers. In 1921 a railway connection between George and Knysna was planned and the project was completed in 1928 by routing the line over a new bridge crossing the adjacent Swartvlei (‘Black lake’). In 1940, the town was given a postal service outlet and in 1947 the road through Sedgefield was completed, thus fully integrating the town into the commercial route between George and Knysna. 
A library was opened in 1962 and the town expanded further during the next four decades to comprise a central business district with supermarkets, pharmacies, filling stations, curio shops and other undertakings. Fresh water has been supplied from nearby George, but being pressed by an unusually dry summer a desalination plant was erected in 2009 to make the town totally self-sufficient in terms of water supply.
Until the end of the 20th century, Sedgefield was an independent local authority. When the ANC came to power, for a variety of reasons, they decided to reduce the total of such local authorities country-wide and Sedgefield became part of Knysna. This was a decision that was opposed by many of the residents.
Sedgefield today.
The central area of Sedgefield together with the Island form part of the original town area. Since then, the extensions of Smutsville, Green valley, Myoli Beach and Cola Beach were added to given residence to the approximately 8000 permanent inhabitants of Sedgefield. 
The town’s main economic activity revolves around tourism, with secondary activities centred on serving the needs of local residents and regional farmers. The laid-back rustic village atmosphere is reflected in the town’s motto of being a place where ‘the tortoise sets the pace’. Sedgefield is the first African member of the CittaSlow movement. A popular attraction is the Wild Oats market which attracts large numbers of tourists and residents from the region every Saturday morning with offerings of fresh produce and local crafts. A golf course (the ‘Fynbos Links’), tennis court and bowls field caters to the significant portion of retired permanent residents of the town. 
Local natural attractions include Gericke’s lookout point which resembles the profile of a resting lion and the protected natural dune areas which harbours Cape Fynbos plantations and rare bird species.

</doc>
<doc id="20890038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890038" title="Jesús Ángel Solana">
Jesús Ángel Solana

Jesús Ángel Solana Bermejo (born 25 December 1964) is a Spanish retired footballer. A defender, he was equally at ease in the left or middle. 
He played in 361 La Liga games over the course of 15 seasons, representing Real Madrid (six years) and Zaragoza (nine).
Club career.
Born in Arnedo, La Rioja, Solana was a product of Real Madrid's youth ranks. He was used regularly in five of his six seasons with the capital side's first team, where the club won five La Liga titles in a row.
However, Solana would be most known for his spell at Real Zaragoza, where he would add one Spanish Cup to his cabinet as well as the memorable 1994–95 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup against Arsenal, appearing in more than 300 overall official matches for the Aragonese. Having retired in 2000 at nearly 36, he had a three-year coaching spell with the club's reserves.
International career.
Solana won one cap for Spain, subbing in for Quique Flores (who would later be his teammate at Zaragoza) in the 85th minute of a 1990 FIFA World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland, on 16 November 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20890045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890045" title="1994 Miami Hurricanes football team">
1994 Miami Hurricanes football team

The 1994 Miami Hurricanes football team represented the University of Miami in the 1994 NCAA Division I-A football season. The club was coached by Dennis Erickson and played in the Orange Bowl. In the regular season, the only loss the Hurricanes suffered was against the Washington Huskies (The 'Whammy in Miami'). Their non conference games were against , and Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="20890059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890059" title="Beinn a' Chaorainn">
Beinn a' Chaorainn

Beinn a' Chaorainn (Mountain Of The Rowan Tree) is the name of two Munro mountains in the Scottish Highlands. It is also the name of several lesser mountains in Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="20890070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890070" title="Nickelodeon Philippines Kids' Choice Awards">
Nickelodeon Philippines Kids' Choice Awards

The Nickelodeon Philippines Kids' Choice Awards is an annual awards show which brought honors this year's biggest TV and sports personalities voted by kids and teenagers through text and online voting. Nickelodeon, an American cable television network, brought Kids' Choice Awards to the Philippines in an effort to strengthen its presence in Asia. According to Amit Jain, executive Vice-President and managing director of MTV Networks India, China and Southeast Asia, "This is a milestone for Nickelodeon's business in Southeast Asia as it will deliver on Nick's commitment
of providing global kids-centric shows and properties which are adapted to reflect local tastes and aspirations."
Nominees.
There are a total 7 categories, with 5 nominees each for the 2008 Kids' Choice Awards.
Logo.
The 2008 logo of the show is exactly the same as the US version however, it is designed for the Philippine version of the show and still read "Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards Philippines 2008".
Hosts.
There was no host in 1987 because by this time, it was The Big Ballot.

</doc>
<doc id="20890103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890103" title="Lantz L'Amour">
Lantz L'Amour

Lantz L'Amour (born Robert Tyson Cornell, September 4, 1978, Iowa City, Iowa, United States) is an American musician. He was singer and guitarist of Smack (2002–2004), the Crenshaw Mafia Motherfuckers (2003), and recently played for troops in Iraq with ex-Miami Dolphins cheerleader Shelby Goff, and her band, Generation Beautiful.
History.
Ghost of the Record (2004-present).
Ghost of the Record is a Los Angeles band formed by L'Amour, guitarist Ray Hartman of Liars Inc., and Japanese drummer C.J. Himawari, of the Tokyo-based group Sex Machineguns. They recorded one self-titled album in 2004 for the Japanese label Recipro/Heatseeker, mixed by the Los Angeles producer Noah Shain.
Generation Beautiful (2008).
In May and August 2008, L'Amour joined ex-Miami Dolphins cheerleader Shelby Goff and her band Generation Beautiful, on two USO tours to Iraq, Kosovo, Kuwait, Germany and Italy to play for Multi-National Coalition soldiers in combat.
Crenshaw Mafia Motherfuckers (2003-2004).
The Crenshaw Mafia Motherfuckers (CMMF) were a Los Angeles rock band featuring renowned Japanese drummer C.J. Himawari, singer/guitarist L'Amour, bass player Jamie Zimlin, and Stacey Blades. They released one self-titled album in 2004 on the Japanese label Recipro/Heatseeker. The album was produced by Jeaux Mezzacappa.
Smack (2002-2004).
Los Angeles rockers Smack featured ex-Supercool singer L'Amour, former Roxx Gang and Supercool guitarist Stacey Blades, bass player Jamie Zimlin and Junkyard drummer Patrick Muzingo. They recorded one EP, "Antidisestablishmentarianism" (2003), at Catalo Studios in North Hollywood with Brent Muscat of Faster Pussycat acting as producer. With Smack's demise in 2004, Stacey Blades joined L.A. Guns.
Supercool (2000-2001.
Supercool were a band featuring singer Lantz L'Amour, current L.A. Guns guitarist Stacey Blades, former Champagne, Faster Pussycat, and Liberators bassist Eric Stacy, and at different times drummers Vik Foxx and Dave Moreno. The band released an EP titled "Live at the Wilcox Hotel".
Machinegun (2000-2001).
In late 2000, L'Amour played briefly with San Diego punk band Machinegun, founded by Chris Fields of Jon Cougar Concentration Camp, The Queers, and the Dwarves. They released one album on Germany's I Used to Fuck People Like You in Prison Records entitled " Taste For Blood" (2001).
The Totallies (1994-1996).
The Totallies released one 7" EP "Drunk Over You" (1995) on Braindart Records; one split 7" with The Monos; and featured tracks on both the "Punk Strikes Back!" (Backspin Records, 1996) compilation album, and on the "We're Addicted to Dayquil!" (LantzCentrL Records, 1996) compilation.
The Krishnaz (1992-1994).
The Krishnaz formed in Edina, Minnesota, during 1992 and featured singer/guitarist/songwriter Toby Staley, guitarist Bill Morrisette, and Lantz on drums. Toby and Lantz are featured flaunting their matching Screeching Weasel tattoos in the 1994 Screeching Weasel collection "Kill the Musicians" (Lookout! Records). In 1998, Canadian punk band The McRackins released a cover version The Krishnaz' "Perfect World" on their "Oddities & Eggcentricities, Vol. 1" CD (Stiff Pole Records).

</doc>
<doc id="20890107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890107" title="Francisco Higuera">
Francisco Higuera

Francisco Higuera Fernández (born 30 January 1965) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mostly as an attacking midfielder – sometimes he could appear in the forward position.
Nicknamed "Paquete", he appeared in 367 La Liga games over the course of 12 seasons (76 goals), in representation of Mallorca and Zaragoza.
Club career.
Higueras was born in Escurial, Province of Cáceres. After playing in all the youth categories at RCD Mallorca he made his senior debuts at only 17, in a Segunda División game against Deportivo de La Coruña on 10 October 1982 (3–0 home win), and finished his first season with 16 matches and two goals as the Balearic Islands club promoted to La Liga. His first appearance in the top level occurred on 24 September 1983 in a 0–3 loss at Atlético de Madrid, and he went on to experience two relegations from the category with the team.
In the 1988 summer Higuera signed with Real Zaragoza, being an everpresent fixture with the Aragonese. In the 1993–94 campaign he scored a career-best 12 goals while also scoring the decisive penalty in the shootout win over Celta de Vigo, in that season's Copa del Rey final, and being instrumental in the club's 1995 victory in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, all this while often partnered offensively with Juan Esnáider, Miguel Pardeza and Gustavo Poyet (they recorded, in 1994–95, an impressive 5–4 away win against FC Barcelona).
Higuera decided to have an abroad experience in 1997 at the age of 32, and joined Mexico's Puebla FC, being accompanied by Pardeza in the adventure. He returned home after one season, signing with lowly Xerez CD in Segunda División B and retiring in 2000.
After serving as general manager to the Andalusians for several seasons, Higuera switched to another modest club in 2009, Lorca Deportiva CF, also in that capacity.
International career.
Higuera gained six caps for Spain, the first arriving on 15 January 1992 in a friendly match with Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="20890117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890117" title="Battle for Land">
Battle for Land

The Battle For Land, started in 1928 in Italy by Benito Mussolini, aimed to clear marshland and make it suitable for farming, as well as reclaiming land and reducing health risks.
Conclusion.
The Battle for Land was, again, more style than substance. Propaganda enlarged the realities of the amount of land reclaimed—a mere 80,000 hectares compared to the claim of 1,600,000 hectares. It was successful in improving public health and had a great impact on jobs which was not to be underestimated given the depression. However, farming was not particularly boosted—the beneficiaries largely the landowners who were able to make the greatest contributions, and the somewhat small number of peasant families relocated to the showpiece towns. Its publicity value and role in supporting the Battle for Grain, however, should not be underestimated.

</doc>
<doc id="20890137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890137" title="Creigiau Gleision North Top">
Creigiau Gleision North Top

Creigiau Gleision North Top is a mountain in Snowdonia, Wales, near Capel Curig. It is a significant top on the Creigiau Gleision ridge, topping the north end of its crest. Views of Carnedd Llewelyn are better from this summit compared to the main Creigiau Gleision summit, due to less shielding from Pen Llithrig y Wrach. 

</doc>
<doc id="20890147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890147" title="Namibian ultra marathon">
Namibian ultra marathon

The Namibian 24h Ultra Marathon is a 24 hour ultramarathon that takes the participants through one of the oldest deserts on earth, the Namib Desert. The race is a 126 km, a distance equivalent to three marathons, self-reliant race where participants must carry their own equipment (food, clothes, water, GPS, maps etc. see kit list).
Participants in the gruelling foot race cover 126 km, a distance equivalent to three marathons, in 24 hours. During the day the heat in the desert can reach above 45 degrees Celsius, and at night the temperature can drop as low as 0 degrees Celsius.
The race was inaugurated in April 2008 and will be a yearly event.
Results.
The winner of the first Namibian Ultra Marathon, Tom Maguire, finished the race in 17 hours and 15 minutes.
The winner the second year was Darren Roberts (in 20h 28min), narrowly beating Tom Adams. In the end only one minute separated the two. Emma Rogan came in as first woman, and fourth overall, on 21h 27min.
In 2010 Tom Adams came back to Namibia and did win the race with a new course record of 14 hours 1 minute. Alexandra O'Donovan came third overall and first woman and also set a new course record with 18 hours 11 minutes.
In 2009, Helen Skelton, presenter of popular British children's television show Blue Peter, became the second woman to complete the course.
Other desert marathons.
Other desert marathons include the world famous Marathon Des Sables or MdS, a race through the Sahara desert over six days, covering more than five marathons. 
Marathon Des Sables. A new 126 km ultra marathon is following the Namibian Ultra Marathon format and is launching in 2011, Grand Canyon 24h Ultra.

</doc>
<doc id="20890153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890153" title="Sebastian im Traum">
Sebastian im Traum

Sebastian im Traum ("The Dream of Sebastian") is an orchestral composition by the German composer Hans Werner Henze.
Based on the poem of the same name by Georg Trakl, it is a fifteen-minute composition for large orchestra. Composed in 2004, it was a joint commission by the Eduard van Beinum Foundation, the New York Philharmonic, the Zurich Tonhalle and the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra.
According to Henze:
The music tried to follow the traces of the poet's words (as someone with a movie camera tries to capture the course of events or as another perhaps takes down the communication of subject matter in shorthand) and it has a deep relationship to Salzburg - to the ... temperatures and perfumes, to the rustic Baroque, to the biblical, to the wooden crucifix, to the nearness of death, to the moonlight, to Traklish evening sonatas... we continually hear different characters, new ones always come and go, appear, shine, and disappear.
It was premiered on 22 December 2005 at the Concertgebouw, with Mariss Jansons conducting. The same forces later recorded it as part of a two-disc set featuring Mahler's Sixth Symphony on the orchestra's own label.

</doc>
<doc id="20890161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890161" title="Paul Winterton">
Paul Winterton

Paul Winterton (12 February 1908 – 8 January 2001) was an English journalist and crime novelist. Throughout his career, he used the pseudonyms Andrew Garve, Roger Bax and Paul Somers. 
He was a founder-member of the Crime Writers' Association in 1953 and, with Elizabeth Ferrars, its first joint secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="20890198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890198" title="Cumbria Archive Service">
Cumbria Archive Service

Cumbria Archive Service is formed by the four county record offices currently operating through Cumbria County Council. There are local record offices, now known as archive centres, in Barrow, Carlisle, Kendal and Whitehaven.
The four record offices.
Carlisle Record Office was officially opened in 1962, although archives had been collected before that date and archive staff had been appointed from c1944 onwards. For many years it operated from the Alma Block within the grounds of Carlisle Castle. It moved to newly converted premises at Petteril Bank House, on the south side of the city and about two miles from its centre, in 2011. Important collections include family and estate records of the Earls of Lonsdale from the 12th-20th centuries. The staff provide administrative assistance for the Egremont Estate Office at Cockermouth Castle
Kendal Record Office was also established in 1962 under a joint archives committee for the former counties of Cumberland and Westmorland and the City of Carlisle. Few archives other than local authority records had been collected before this date. It provides administrative assistance to Levens Hall near Kendal. The office operates from the main County Offices in the town. Important collections include Appleby Castle estate records (containing papers relating to Lady Anne Clifford, 1590-1676), and the business records of Thomas Mawson, landscape architect, 19th-20th centuries.
Barrow Record Office was opened in purpose-built premises in 1979 (following local government reorganisation and the creation of the new county of Cumbria). Records had been collected locally in temporary premises at Dalton-in-Furness since 1975 and the new office also absorbed records from the Furness Collection, gathered from 1948 onwards by the Central Library in Barrow. Following building extensions the record office joined with the local studies library in 1998 to provide a unified service within a joint search room. Important collections include records from the Furness estate office of the Duke of Buccleuch.
Whitehaven Record Office and Local Studies Library was officially opened within specially converted premises in August 1996. It collects archives mainly from the south and west portions of the former county of Cumberland.
All four archive centres are recognised by the Lord Chancellor as places of deposit for public records. They are also designated as diocesan record offices by the Bishop of Carlisle. A specialist unit for the conservation and repair of records operates from within the archive centre at Petteril Bank House, Carlisle.

</doc>
<doc id="20890208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890208" title="Anauroch (accessory)">
Anauroch (accessory)

Anauroch is an accessory for the fictional Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the second edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. The book, with product code TSR 9320, was published in 1991, and was written by Ed Greenwood, with cover art by Brom and interior art by Valerie Valusek.
The 96-page booklet is wrapped in a removable cover. The book includes a one-page introduction, "Anauroch, the Great Desert", explaining that this book covers Anauroch, a vast fictional desert between the Sword Coast North, and the Moonsea North. Pages 4–6 present a whirlwind tour of Anauroch, including settlements of the local peoples, and important oases and trade routes. Pages 7–9 detail the secret of Anauroch; that thousands of years ago it was once a glacier that became swallowed up by the howling sands. The role of the phaerimm and the sharn in Anauroch's history is also revealed. Pages 10–24 detail the society of the Bedine, the native people of Anauroch. Page 25 details the phaerimm, slave rulers of the lands. Pages 26–30 describe the role of the Zhentarim in Anauroch, as they attempt to take control of the lands. Pages 31–33 describe the other peoples of Anauroch, including the D'tarig (possible descendants of crossbreeding humans and dwarves), the laertis, and the lamia. Pages 34–58 detail the Sword, the large region that lies like a broad swordblade across the southern end of Anauroch; it is named not for its shape, but of the local humans' and orcs' chief activity of carving up others with gusto. Pages 59–62 detail the Plain of Standing Stones, the central plain-like region of the Great Desert. Pages 63–67 describe the High Ice, the glacial ice that covers the northern reaches of Anauroch. Pages 68–69 describe the Lost Kingdoms that disappeared under the sand millennia ago: Anauria, Asram, and Hlondath. Pages 70–72 detail the gods of Anauroch, namely At'ar, Elah, Kozah, N'asr, and Shaundakul. Pages 73–80 present the wind and sand magic spells of the Bedine. Page 81 details three NPCs of Anauroch. Page 82 includes various news and rumors of Anauroch. Pages 83–90 present four Anaurian adventure scenarios. Pages 91–95 detail the monsters of Anauroch, including the laerti, the dark naga, the orpsu, the phaerimm, and the tomb tapper (thaalud).
This book also includes a fold-out color poster map of the region. The inside covers describe Bedine languages and names, as well as dangers of the desert.

</doc>
<doc id="20890216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890216" title="Jursla">
Jursla

Jursla is a locality situated in Norrköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 1,692 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20890217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890217" title="Óscar Luis Celada">
Óscar Luis Celada

Óscar Luis Celada (born 9 March 1966), simply known as Óscar, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
Over the course of nine seasons he amassed La Liga totals of 189 games and 11 goals, namely with Sporting de Gijón (six years).
Football career.
Born in Luarca, Asturias, Óscar arrived at local giants Sporting de Gijón in 1985, but had to wait three years for his first opportunities with the main squad. His best year came in 1993–94 as he started in all his 26 appearances (21 complete games), while the club maintained its La Liga status.
In 1994 Óscar moved to Real Zaragoza, helping the Aragonese to the season's UEFA Cup Winners' Cup – he did not leave the bench in the final – but he was mainly a fringe player during his three-year spell.
In his final four years, Óscar played two seasons apiece with UD Las Palmas and Universidad de Las Palmas CF, retiring in June 2001 at 35. After obtaining his degree in medicine, he returned to Zaragoza in 2008 as chief doctor; in the following year, in the same capacity, he joined the Spanish national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20890230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890230" title="Kimstad">
Kimstad

Kimstad is a locality situated in Norrköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 1,510 inhabitants in 2010. On 12 September 2010, Kimstad became the scene of a railway accident when an X 2000 high-speed train collided with a crane utility vehicle. Kimstad lies around 20 kilometres southwest of Norrköping.

</doc>
<doc id="20890235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890235" title="Doña Bárbara (Venevisión TV series)">
Doña Bárbara (Venevisión TV series)

Doña Bárbara (1967–1968) is a Venezuelan telenovela written by Délia Fiello. It is based on the novel by Rómulo Gallegos. Production by Venevisión.

</doc>
<doc id="20890241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890241" title="Ljunga">
Ljunga

Ljunga is a locality situated in Norrköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 688 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20890242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890242" title="Beáta Dubasová">
Beáta Dubasová

Beáta Dubasová (* 14 May 1963, Stropkov, Slovakia) is a Slovak female singer.

</doc>
<doc id="20890254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890254" title="Norsholm">
Norsholm

Norsholm is a locality situated in Norrköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 615 inhabitants in 2010. It lies around 15  kilometres southwest of Norrköping.
Norsholm lies on the E4 and Göta kanal. There are not many work places in the town, and most commute to Norrköping or Linköping.

</doc>
<doc id="20890259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890259" title="Ángel de Juana García">
Ángel de Juana García

Ángel de Juana García, aka Geli (born 15 February 1968 in Santander, Cantabria), is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
Football career.
Aged already 25, Geli made his La Liga debuts with hometown's Racing de Santander, courtesy of manager Javier Irureta. He then played a single season with Real Zaragoza after joining in the 1994 summer: regularly used in the league, where he scored in a 2–1 home win against FC Barcelona, he also played the last six minutes in the Aragonese side's UEFA Cup Winners' Cup final win against Arsenal (2–1), appearing in a further seven games in the victorious campaign.
During his three seasons at Celta de Vigo Geli, who would again reunite with Irureta in his final year, played in 61 top flight matches, but also struggled with injuries. He played one more year with Racing, then finished his career at the age of 36 after stints at CF Extremadura (second division) and Gimnástica de Torrelavega (third).
Geli later worked as a local commentator in Racing's matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20890270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890270" title="Dara Rolins">
Dara Rolins

Dara Rolins, also known as Darina Rolincová (born Darina Gambošová, December 7, 1972) is a Slovak recording artist and entrepreneur. Her music career began at the age of nine, after being cast in television musical "Zázračný autobus" (1981). The early role established a formula for her regular assignments as a child singer and resulted in recording her debut album "Keby som bola princezná Arabela" (1983) on OPUS Records. By her late teens, Rolins appeared in a number of exclusively TV films of varying quality, as well as managed to deliver a series of teen pop-orientated albums, such as "Darinka" (1986), "Čo o mne vieš" (1988) and soundtrack "Témeř ružový příběh" (1990); all released by Supraphon. Along with Karel Gott, she experienced a one-off success in the German-speaking region in 1986, peaking with their duet "Fang das Licht" ("Catch the Light") at number seven on the Austrian Singles Chart, respectively at number fifteen in the fellow Germany.
As she reached adulthood, her popularity had stalled in the nineties. Although, she made an attempt to replicate her local status abroad via English set "What You See Is What You Get" (1996). The work distributed through a subsidiary of BMG, however, failed to attract the international market and singer returned to homebase to resume her former course. "Sen lásky" (1997) that served as her initial comeback release featuring cover versions, produced a ZAI Awards-nomination within Slovak outputs. Following that, she continued in publishing other dance material, namely "What's My Name" (2002) and "D1" (2005); both on Epic Records. Her additional recordings included best-of compilation "1983-1998" (2005) on Bonton Music, remix collection "D2: Remixy" (2008) by Epic and Christmas album "Šťastné a veselé" (2009), released on Universal Music. On TV, she rebuilt her presence in 2007 for one season as a co-judge of reality show "Slovensko hľadá SuperStar", respectively in 2009 series of "Česko Slovenská Superstar"; also based on United Kingdom "Pop Idol". She later joined the cast of "Let's Dance" (2011) and "X Factor" (2014).
Regardless of her recording achievements, Rolins posed topless in October 1999 for Czech and Slovak issue of a men's magazine as "Playboy" cover girl. She also upgraded her physical assets such as breasts prior to undergoing plastic surgery. The national press speculated about a rhinoplasty as well. In the new millennium, she has become the subject of more scrutiny. At first, upon a 2009 revelation regarding her factual surname printed by "Plus 7 dní"; for over thirty years since her first public performance, she referred to herself exclusively under an adopted name. While the following year, Rolins was accused of a negligent homicide caused by her traffic collision from July 10, 2010. The legal case initially dropped out due to a lack of probable cause was later re-launched. Most recently, pop singer released on EMI new studio album entitled "Stereo" (2011), receiving mixed reviews for its self-evident nude cover.
Biography.
Early years.
Dara Rolins, respectively Darina Rolincová, was born Darina Gambošová on December 7, 1972 in Bratislava, former Czechoslovak Socialist Republic. She is the younger daughter of Zlatica Rolincová (1945) and Dušan Gamboš (1948), parents of Slovak ancestry. She was raised altogether with half-sister Jana Labasová (1964), better identified as Jana Hádlová-Rolincová per marriage with Czech record producer Daniel Hádl. <br>When four years old, Rolincová provisionally appeared in the front of television cameras during "Matelko", produced by STV. The regular program that "starred" a hand puppet named Drobček () was crafted for children. In 1978, encouraged by winning talent contest "Hledáme mladé talenty" (), she started to participate in local musical ensembless such as Children's Choir of Czechoslovak Radio in Bratislava. Later on, she attended piano lessons.
Controversies.
Car accident.
On October 8, 2010, Rolins was officially accused by the Police of the Czech Republic of negligent manslaughter as the result of her traffic collision dated Saturday, July 10, 2010 in Prague, Czech Republic. The singer, driving her Mercedes-Benz, had hit a motor scooter with a 63-year-old man named Jindřich Rotrekl, who died of a lethal injury three hours after he was escorted into hospital. She would refuse all charges, however, and the case was dropped due to a lack of probable cause on November 2, 2010.
In August 2011, the prosecution against Rolins was re-launched following a new assessment, provided on behalf of the victim's family. According to the report, Rolins' vehicle had entered the opposite direction and hit the motorcyclist. On September 19, the singer was, therefore, re-interrogated by the police officers, while facing up to six years in prison.
On August 13, 2012 the jury of the District Court for Prague 2 found Rolins guilty. She was suspended sentence of two years and two months to three years probation period. The singer also needs to reimburse about four million Czech crowns (approx. € 160,224) damage. In addition to court costs, singer must pay compensation to the family and all costs associated with the burial of the victim. She is also banned to operate a vehicle for three years. The verdict, however, is not yet final and Rolins may appeal, which probably she will.

</doc>
<doc id="20890285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890285" title="Melvyn">
Melvyn

Melvyn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20890293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890293" title="Society for the Rise of Kurdistan">
Society for the Rise of Kurdistan

Society for the Rise of Kurdistan () was an organisation formed in 1918, in Istanbul, with the aim of creating an independent Kurdish state in eastern Turkey.
The Society based its claims to an independent Kurdistan on the Treaty of Sèvres and the ideas of Woodrow Wilson. The society formed many local branches in the eastern provinces of Turkey. Three months after the Treaty of Sèvres was signed, the Society together with leaders of the Koçkiri tribe (Alevi–Kurd) revolted at Dersim in eastern Asia Minor. It is documented that the organisation was used by the English in order to fight against Turkish nationalists. It further aimed to promote the kurdish language and culture. The society issued a weekly magazine named "Jîn" (Live) in 1918/1919. "Jîn" was published in Ottoman Turkish, Kurmanci and Sorani.
During the Turkish War of Independence the organisation attempted an uprising, encouraged by British major Edward William Charles Noel, in 1921, but was beaten by the Turkish army within 3 months on June 17, 1921. Following the uprising, KTC was banned by the Turkish national assembly. One of its leaders Miqdad Midhad Badirkhan was the publisher of the first Kurdish newspaper "Kurdistan" in Cairo.

</doc>
<doc id="20890307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890307" title="Skärblacka">
Skärblacka

Skärblacka is a locality situated in Norrköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 4,059 inhabitants in 2010. In everyday use, the town is known as simply "Blacka".
Until 1971, the town was the administrative centre of Skärblacka municipality, and had a relatively well built-up centre, with an ice rink, swimming pool and secondary school.
Communication.
Skärblacka has a train and bus station on the Kimstad – Finspång line, Norrköping, Finspång and Linköping.
Industry.
The main employers are the paper factory, part of Billerud. They mostly produce paper for bags, sacks and wallpaper. The factory was opened in 1872, but today's industry was built up in the 1960s. Many of the town's inhabitants commute to Norrköping and Finspång.
Sports.
The following sports clubs are located in Skärblacka:

</doc>
<doc id="20890309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890309" title="John Eddie Mullan">
John Eddie Mullan

John Eddie Mullan (27 April 1923 – 14 December 2008) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for Derry in the 1940s and 1950s. He was part of the first Derry side to win the National Football League and also won two Dr. McKenna Cups and three Dr. Lagan Cups with the county.
For most of his career he played club football for St. Canice's Dungiven and won two Derry Championships with the club.
Mullan has been described as "one of Derry's greatest forwards" and one of Derry's best ever players.
Personal life.
Mullan was born in the townland of Galvin, between Dungiven and Drumsurn on the 27th April 1923. In the latter half of his life he was a publican in Portrush. He died peacefully on 14 December 2008 at his home in Portrush, County Antrim at the age of 85.
Football career.
Inter-county.
John Eddie Mullan was a permanent feature on Derry teams throughout the 1940s and 1950s and was full forward when Derry won the county's first National Football League title in 1947, defeating Clare in the final at Croke Park. He scored 1-01 in that game (1 goals and 1 point—each goal equals 3 points; 1 x 3 + 1 = 4 points, see GAA scoring rules).
He also won two Dr. McKenna Cup medals (1947 and 1954) and three Dr. Lagan Cup medals with Derry. A particularly memorable game was a 1951 McKenna Cup game against Fermanaghable in which he scored 3-05. His last county game was against Tyrone in the 1955 Ulster Senior Football Championship.
Club.
Mullan started out his football career with Drumsurn in 1939, where he played for a couple of years. He played for Glenullin in 1943 and Magilligan in 1944, before joining Dungiven in 1945, where he spent the rest of his career. With Dungiven he won Derry Senior Football Championships in 1947 and 1951. Mullan's last game for the club came in the 1957 North Derry Championship final against Ballerin.
Honours.
Club.
Note: The above lists may be incomplete. Please add any other honours you know of.

</doc>
<doc id="20890331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890331" title="José Luis Loreto">
José Luis Loreto

José Luis Rodríguez Loreto (born 10 February 1971 in Seville, Andalusia) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker.
Over the course of six seasons, he amassed Segunda División totals of 176 games and 49 goals, in representation of three clubs.
Football career.
After making his professional debuts with Real Betis, scoring twice in 23 matches for an eventual La Liga relegation in the 1990–91 season, Loreto excelled at neighbours Córdoba CF in the third division (signing with the club in 1993), which prompted a return to the top flight with Real Zaragoza.
However, he was grossly unsettled at the Aragonese, and played one season in the second level, being crucial for CD Logroñés' promotion, on loan; at the season's end, he was released and spent a further four years in the third category, with Córdoba and Cádiz CF.
Loreto's career revived in the following years, as he spent three seasons with Real Murcia, being relatively important as the side returned to the first division in 2003, netting four times in 26 matches. He would never play again in the top level, being released and ending his career in 2006 at the age of 35, after spells in the lower leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="20890333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890333" title="Strömsfors">
Strömsfors

Strömsfors is a locality situated in Norrköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 528 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20890350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890350" title="Svärtinge">
Svärtinge

Svärtinge is a locality situated in Norrköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 2,963 inhabitants in 2010.
Sports.
The following sports clubs are located in Svärtinge:

</doc>
<doc id="20890353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890353" title="Felsham">
Felsham

Felsham is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. In 2005 its population was 420.
History.
The origin of the name "Felsham" is not clear, but one theory gives its meaning as "Faela" or "pleasant enclosure". Felsham was listed as "Fealsham" in the Domesday Book of 1086.
Church.
The church of St Peter serves the parish of Felsham. The present church was largely built in the 14th and 15th century and has an impressive north porch. The interior was unsympathetically renovated during the 19th century.
Village life.
The village is home to the Six Bells public house. Parts of the present building date from the 16th century, though it was largely rebuilt in the 19th and 20th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="20890365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890365" title="Jean-Baptiste Hachème">
Jean-Baptiste Hachème

Major Jean-Baptiste Hachème ("fl." 1960s) was a Beninese military officer and politician. He was most active when his country was known as Dahomey. Of Fon origins, he entered the national political stage in 1963, when he quelled riots started by supporters of former president Hubert Maga. Henceforth he served under various government positions, including briefly the "de facto" head of Dahomey. 
He was dismissed from the army twice, mainly due to his residence in the south. Hachème was brought back shortly thereafter on both occasions, being assigned small or largely non-functioning positions. Along with Alphonse Alley and Pascal Chabi Kao, Hachème was accused of planning a coup against President Mathieu Kérékou on February 28, 1973 and was imprisoned with 20 years of hard labor. He was released in 1984.
Military career.
Hachème was of Fon origins. After entering the military, he attained the rank of major. He entered the national political stage in 1963, when he quelled riots trying to bring former president Hubert Maga back into power at his hometown, Parakou. Academic Samuel Decalo described Hachème's crushing of the demonstrations as "brutal". 
His rise to power occurred during a period of intense regionalism in Dahomey. They were spurred by the historical resentment shared by members of the former kingdoms of Abomey, Porto Novo, and disorganised tribes from the north. Its result was the creation of three "de facto" tribal zones: the north, southeast, and southwest. This regionalism permeated into the armed forces, compounded by divisions of officers into cliques based on education. Hachème was a member of what Decalo called the Abomey clique, which also included prominent offices Philippe Aho, Benoit Sinzogan, and Benoit Adandejan.
He was briefly head of the Comite Militare de Vigilance in 1967, which was set up to administer President Christophe Soglo's regime. When Maurice Kouandete seized the presidency later that year, Hachème was appointed chairman of his interim government, the Comite Militaire Revolutionaire, and served as "de facto" head of state from December 18, 1967 to December 19, 1967. Emile Derlin Zinsou was appointed president in August 1968, and with the act the Comite lost its value and was dismissed.
Hachème, however, did not witness the dissolution of the Comite. Alleged to have plotted againgst Kouandete and Alphonse Alley, Hachème was expelled from the armed forces in January when many southern soldiers were removed, though was brought back shortly afterwards. In mid-1970, Hachème was chosen to be the chief of staff of the Service Civique, a command whose officers did not see service. The Civique was, rather, more agricultural in nature, and served several other roles. Captain Pierre Kadjo Koffi was named his assistant.
Later life.
In October 1972, when Mathieu Kérékou led a coup and seized power, Hachème was again dismissed from the army as well as every other senior officer from the south. He was instead given the post of Commissioner of Dahomey's Ceramic Crafts (SONAC), a role with very little responsibiity. Along with Alley and Pascal Chabi Kao, Hachème was accused of planning a coup against Kérékou on February 28, 1973 and was imprisoned with 20 years of hard labor. Hachème was released on amnesty on August 1, 1984, as well as all other political detainees besides those involved in the "ignoble and barbarous imperialist armed aggression of Sunday, January 16, 1977."

</doc>
<doc id="20890368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890368" title="Harihareshwar">
Harihareshwar

Harihareshwar is a town in Raigad district, in Maharashtra, India. It is surrounded by four hills named Harihareshwar, Harshinachal, Bramhadri and Pushpadri. The river Savitri enters the Arabian Sea from the town of Harihareshwar. Towards the north of the town is the temple of Lord Harihareshwar, said to have been blessed by Lord Shiva. Hence Harihareshwar is often referred to as "Dev-ghar" or "house of God".
Besides a major pilgrimage center, Harihareshwar is a popular beach resort with two beaches, one to the north and the other to the south of the temple. Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation has a resort on the south beach. Harihareshwar, along with Shrivardhan and Diveagar Beach forms a popular weekend beach destination from Pune (190 km) and Mumbai (210 km).
The Kalbhairav Jayanti Utsav (Festival on Birthday of Deity Kalbhairav) was initiated by Mr. Yashawant Balawant Nagle who was Sardar of Queen of Janjira Administering Harihareshwar village. He donated quite a large part of his property for funding the Temple management.
Harihareshwar Temple.
Harihareshwar Temple complex has two adjacent temples. The smaller Kalbhairav temple is expected to be visited first, before entering the main Harihareshwar temple housing an ancient Shiva Linga. A pradakshina route goes around the temple, along the sea shore. It is not advisable to go on this route during high tide.
Harihareshwar’s ambiance.
Harihareshwar is renowned tourist spot in Konkan for its temples and beaches. Moreover, it is said as Devbhumi or Temple Town. Harihareshwar alone have two beaches − one, straight beach about 2.4km long in front of Harihareshwar Temple, and the other beach is about 2km in an L shape just in front of MTDC Resort. Harihareshwar is an evergreen place and one may visit it in any season. It is placed in the heart of nature and bounded with Sahyadri’s hills. One can spend his three or four days of holiday easily. There is no problem staying in Harihareshwar as there are MTDC (a Governmental body) and few private resorts, also some Bed and Breakfasts that provide stays in homes.
Harihareshwar Beach a is well set up beach.
External links.
Harihareshwar Beach Resort's official website - contains detail information on harihareshwar
Harihareshwar Beach Resort's Facebook page
Harihareshwar's Facebook page
More info about Harihareshwar

</doc>
<doc id="20890373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890373" title="Paquito">
Paquito

Paquito is a given name, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20890382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890382" title="Finningham">
Finningham

Finningham is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. Located adjacent to the Great Eastern Main Line (on which it previously had a station prior to the Beeching Axe), in 2005 its population was 430.

</doc>
<doc id="20890412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890412" title="Flowton">
Flowton

Flowton is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. Located around three miles west of Ipswich, the parish also contains the hamlet of Flowton Brook. In 2005 its population was 120.

</doc>
<doc id="20890417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890417" title="West Bardera Maternity Unit">
West Bardera Maternity Unit

West Bardera Maternity Unit, is a hospital in Bardera, Somalia. Established on December 13, 2008, offers basic women’s and children’s health services including prenatal, child delivery services, post-partum and child immunization. Bardera has an estimated population of 106,000 and the main Bardera District Hospital is out of service.
The main Bardera hospital was last used during the early 1990s when UN and US forces were stationed here for the humanitarian mission which lasted from 1993 to 1996. 
Previously, all health care centers were concentrated on the east side of town. There is sizable population on the west side of Bardera. Residents of the nearby town of Sarinley and the village of Muuri will also utilize the new West Bardera Maternity Unit.
History.
Residents of Bardera are able to go to one of the medical centers which offer maternity services. West Bardera Maternity Unit (WBMU) is an offshoot of East Bardera Mothers' and Children’s Hospital (EBMCH) which started in early 2006. This new center was opened in December 2008.
Bardera has always maintained half dozen functioning MCH and OPD centers but their capacity to serve the community was limited. East Bardera Mothers and Children's Hospital was the first center to combine the skills of two nurses and a midwife and her assistant, along with a junior pharmacist, all females.
Services.
Staff at WBMU give women basic health services, often for free. The two centers, WBMU and EBMCH have one of the best-organized basic women’s and children’s health services in Somalia.
The figures for 2007 show that over 6,000 people utilized health services at EBMCH. Other services available at WBMU include children's vaccines and the dispensing of over-the-counter medicines.
Staff.
West Bardera Maternity Unit has two experienced and well-trained midwives and their assistants, along with two nurses and a junior pharmacist, all females. For the absence of government health services, thousands of people from the general public have been coming to East Bardera MCH for medical attention.
Four people work at the new West Bardera Maternity Unit, and eight people work at the East Bardera Mothers and Children’s Hospital. The two centers share supplies, pharmacy and training.
Support.
As part of East Bardera Mothers and Children's Hospital, West Bardera Maternity Unit is using a donated or rent free space.
WMTU center needs maintenance and some more beds for the expected demand for extra beds, toilets and other resting spaces for women. Staff get training seminars from nearby Bardera Polytechnic College. The college provides this training at no cost to the hospital system.
Funding and supply limitations.
As space and funding are causing some limitations, both centers share one pharmacy which is part of the East Bardera Mothers and Children’s Hospital. Children, girls, women and expecting mothers get medical advice and basic medicines from the nurses and pharmacist at EBMCH, where the west maternity unit is currently only offering prenatal to maternity services. Supplements and medical records are available at both locations.

</doc>
<doc id="20890420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890420" title="Albert Brenner">
Albert Brenner

Albert Brenner (born February 17, 1926) is an American production designer and art director. He has been nominated for five Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Brenner has been nominated for five Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20890441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890441" title="Stewart Walker">
Stewart Walker

Stewart Walker is a US born electronic music producer who lives and works in Berlin. Walker's forté is live performance, a rarity in the world of beat-driven electronic music, and he is known for contributing to the development of minimal techno with his 1999 album Stabiles.
After selling his guitar and abandoning "lead singer" ambitions in Athens, Georgia in 1993, Stewart Walker started to assemble a studio. Starting with a synth, a drum machine, and a guitar amp, he'd work the filter knobs until the paint rubbed off while dreaming of standing on stage in front of adoring fans and flashing lights.
From such humble beginnings, Stewart stepped up his knowledge of synthesis, drum programming and mixing. His early techno enthusiasm expressed itself in a line of recordings which began with Detroit-based labels in 1997, leading eventually to larger projects with well-known European techno labels such as Minus, Tresor, and Mille Plateaux. 
In 2001, he founded his first imprint Persona Records which released almost 50 EPs and albums by himself and other talents such as Touane, Reynold, and Andrea Sartori. Ten years later in 2011, Stewart founded Son of Cataclysm as an artistic reaction to the economic and human rights crises of our time.
Walker played at the re-opening of Berlin’s famed Tresor club in 2007. His music occurs around 128 to 132 bpm, and is dense with many harmonic and percussive layers.
Walker's "Concentricity" was cited as "one of the standout long players of the year" on Resident Advisor in 2007.
Successes with Persona and other independent labels have brought Stewart's shows to worldwide audiences for 15 years. Stewart has been a fixture on the global club circuit from Tokyo to Berlin, New York to California and all world capitals in between. Always playing live original music has endeared Stewart to fans who are looking for soul and wisdom in their entertainment. A step beyond the simplicity of hedonism and personal abandon, Stewart Walker has built a legacy as a techno musician who still believes in the sound of the future. 
Stewart is currently working with fellow Berlin based musician Sam Rouanet on a new instrumental project called Sweetnighter.
Selected Discography.
Singles.
2008 Powdered I Ching EP Persona Records 
2007 Addict (12", EP) PulseWith Records
2007 Druid Hills (12", EP) Persona Records
2006 After This I'll Never Sleep EP Persona Records
2005 Spend the Day Frozen (12", EP) Persona Records
2005 Travel Plaza (12", EP) Persona Records
2002 Degenerate EP Persona Records
2002 M.O.R. Of The Same EP Persona Records
2001 Pleasure Island EP Persona Records
2001 Circular Valley Remixed EP Persona Records
2001 South Suburban (EP) (12", EP) Persona Records
2001 Jet Fuel And Longing EP Belief Systems
2000 Hurricane Weather EP Force Inc.
2000 Granular Synthesis EP Mille Plateaux
2000 Intervals EP M_nus
2000 Mobilization - Stabiles Remixes (EP) Tektite Recordings
2000 Reformation of Negative Space (EP) Tresor
2000 Recoil (EP) M_nus
1999 Descending To Zero EP HiPass
1999 Abstract Symbols Of Decadence EP Tektite Recordings
1999 Nevermore (12", EP) Force Inc.
1999 North (12", EP) Background
1999 Nothing Produces Stark Imagery EP Tresor
1998 Artificial Music For Artificial People (EP) Mosquito
1998 Stoic (EP) Matrix Records
1997 Amphetamine Sulphate EP Matrix Records

</doc>
<doc id="20890462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890462" title="Marvin March">
Marvin March

Marvin March (born May 8, 1930) is an American set decorator. He has been nominated for five Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
March has been nominated for five Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20890474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890474" title="Acromelanism">
Acromelanism

Acromelanism is a genetically determined, temperature-dependent pigmentation pattern, with full expression only occurring on legs, ears, tail and face. Seen in Siamese and Himalayan cats, rats, and rabbits.

</doc>
<doc id="20890481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890481" title="William Leach">
William Leach

William Leach may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20890494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890494" title="Online Stores Inc.">
Online Stores Inc.

Online Stores, Inc. is an e-commerce company based in New Stanton, Pennsylvania, specializing in retail niche markets that has been in operation since 2001. Its best-selling products are American flags. The privately owned company employs approximately 100 people and includes seven stores: United States Flag Store, English Tea Store, Discount Safety Gear Store, Safety Girl Store, Imprinted Store, Mobile Cases Store, and Construction Gear Store.
History.
Online Stores opened its first retail store, United States Flag Store, in January 2001, operating from co-owners Lisa and Kevin Hickey’s basement. In September 2001, high demand for American flags and short supply for both retailers and consumers led Online Stores to begin manufacturing and wholesaling some of its American flags. The store also carries international flags as well as flag accessories. The company also produces resource sites on flag history and information.
In 2003, the company opened the English Tea Store, which imports more than 100 kinds of tea, British food products, and tea-making appliances and accessories. In 2004, the company opened the Discount Safety Gear Store, which sells protective equipment, such as safety harnesses, custom-printed hard hats, eye and ear protection, and first-aid kits.
In 2008, the company acquired the Construction Gear Store, which sells insulated work boots, rugged clothing, tool belts, thermal undergarments, and other items.
The year of 2009 brought on two more stores for Online Stores, Inc. The Safety Girl Store provides a site that is dedicated exclusively to women's safety and personal protection. Items include pepper spray, stun guns, emergency roadside kits, work boots and more. Imprinted.com was also started in 2009, offering the highest quality promotional products with the lowest prices and free shipping. Recently, Imprinted.com has added promotional edible items. 
The newest store, MobileCases.com, was started in 2011. That store offers the industry's best cases and accessories for personal communication devices such as iPhones, iPads, Amazon Kindles and more. 
Online Stores has experienced rapid expansion and unexpected growth. 
Recognition.
2013:
2012:
2011:
2010:
2009:
2008:
2007:
2006:

</doc>
<doc id="20890504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890504" title="Emily (Slovak singer)">
Emily (Slovak singer)

Emily (born Denisa Petríková, 1989) is a Slovak female singer. She lives in Poprad, Slovakia.
Her first album was released in 2004. In 2005, she was awarded as a "Discovery of year 2004".
Discography.
2004 - "Poďme spolu lietať"
Track listing:

</doc>
<doc id="20890511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890511" title="Algorithmic inference">
Algorithmic inference

Algorithmic inference gathers new developments in the statistical inference methods made feasible by the powerful computing devices widely available to any data analyst. Cornerstones in this field are computational learning theory, granular computing, bioinformatics, and, long ago, structural probability .
The main focus is on the algorithms which compute statistics rooting the study of a random phenomenon, along with the amount of data they must feed on to produce reliable results. This shifts the interest of mathematicians from the study of the distribution laws to the functional properties of the statistics, and the interest of computer scientists from the algorithms for processing data to the information they process.
The Fisher parametric inference problem.
Concerning the identification of the parameters of a distribution law, the mature reader may recall lengthy disputes in the mid 20th century about the interpretation of their variability in terms of fiducial distribution , structural probabilities , priors/posteriors , and so on. From an epistemology viewpoint, this entailed a companion dispute as to the nature of probability: is it a physical feature of phenomena to be described through random variables or a way of synthesizing data about a phenomenon? Opting for the latter, Fisher defines a "fiducial distribution" law of parameters of a given random variable that he deduces from a sample of its specifications. With this law he computes, for instance “the probability that μ (mean of a Gaussian variable – our note) is less than any assigned value, or the probability that it lies between any assigned values, or, in short, its probability distribution, in the light of the sample observed”.
The classic solution.
Fisher fought hard to defend the difference and superiority of his notion of parameter distribution in comparison to 
analogous notions, such as Bayes' posterior distribution, Fraser's constructive probability and Neyman's confidence intervals. For half a century, Neyman's confidence intervals won out for all practical purposes, crediting the phenomenological nature of probability. With this perspective, when you deal with a Gaussian variable, its mean μ is fixed by the physical features of the phenomenon you are observing, where the observations are random operators, hence the observed values are specifications of a random sample. Because of their randomness, you may compute from the sample specific intervals containing the fixed μ with a given probability that you denote "confidence".
Example.
Let "X" be a Gaussian variable with parameters formula_1 and formula_2 
and formula_3 a sample drawn from it. Working with statistics
and
is the sample mean, we recognize that
follows a Student's t distribution with parameter (degrees of freedom) "m" − 1, so that
Gauging "T" between two quantiles and inverting its expression as a function of formula_1 you obtain confidence intervals for formula_1.
With the sample specification:
having size "m" = 10, you compute the statistics formula_11 and formula_12, and obtain a 0.90 confidence interval for formula_1 with extremes (3.03, 5.65).
Inferring functions with the help of a computer.
From a modeling perspective the entire dispute looks like a chicken-egg dilemma: either fixed data by first and probability distribution of their properties as a consequence, or fixed properties by first and probability distribution of the observed data as a corollary.
The classic solution has one benefit and one drawback. The former was appreciated particularly back when people still did computations with sheet and pencil. Per se, the task of computing a Neyman confidence interval for the fixed parameter θ is hard: you don’t know θ, but you look for disposing around it an interval with a possibly very low probability of failing. The analytical solution is allowed for a very limited number of theoretical cases. "Vice versa" a large variety of instances may be quickly solved in an "approximate way" via the central limit theorem in terms of confidence interval around a Gaussian distribution – that's the benefit. 
The drawback is that the central limit theorem is applicable when the sample size is sufficiently large. Therefore it is less and less applicable with the sample involved in modern inference instances. The fault is not in the sample size on its own part. Rather, this size is not sufficiently large because of the complexity of the inference problem.
With the availability of large computing facilities, scientists refocused from isolated parameters inference to complex functions inference, i.e. re sets of highly nested parameters identifying functions. In these cases we speak about "learning of functions" (in terms for instance of regression, neuro-fuzzy system or computational learning) on the basis of highly informative samples. A first effect of having a complex structure linking data is the reduction of the number of sample degrees of freedom, i.e. the burning of a part of sample points, so that the effective sample size to be considered in the central limit theorem is too small. Focusing on the sample size ensuring a limited learning error with a given confidence level, the consequence is that the lower bound on this size grows with complexity indices such as VC dimension or detail of a class to which the function we want to learn belongs.
Example.
A sample of 1,000 independent bits is enough to ensure an absolute error of at most 0.081 on the estimation of the parameter "p" of the underlying Bernoulli variable with a confidence of at least 0.99. The same size cannot guarantee a threshold less than 0.088 with the same confidence 0.99 when the error is identified with the probability that a 20-year-old man living in New York does not fit the ranges of height, weight and waistline observed on 1,000 Big Apple inhabitants. The accuracy shortage occurs because both the VC dimension and the detail of the class of parallelepipeds, among which the one observed from the 1,000 inhabitants' ranges falls, are equal to 6.
The general inversion problem solving the Fisher question.
With insufficiently large samples, the approach: "fixed sample – random properties" suggests inference procedures in three steps:
Definition.
For a random variable and a sample drawn from it a "compatible distribution" is a distribution having the same sampling mechanism formula_14 of "X" with a value formula_15 of the random parameter formula_16 derived from a master equation rooted on a well-behaved statistic "s".
Example.
Implementing the twisting argument method, you get the distribution law formula_17 of the mean "M" of a Gaussian variable "X" on the basis of the statistic formula_18 when formula_19 is known to be equal to formula_2 . Its expression is:
shown in the figure on the right, where formula_22 is the cumulative distribution function of a standard normal distribution.
The Achilles heel of Fisher's approach lies in the joint distribution of more than one parameter, say mean and variance of a Gaussian distribution. On the contrary, with the last approach (and above-mentioned methods: population bootstrap and twisting argument) we may learn the joint distribution of many parameters. For instance, focusing on the distribution of two or many more parameters, in the figures below we report two confidence regions where the function to be learnt falls with a confidence of 90%. The former concerns the probability with which an extended support vector machine attributes a binary label 1 to the points of the formula_25 plane. The two surfaces are drawn on the basis of a set of sample points in turn labelled according to a specific distribution law . The latter concerns the confidence region of the hazard rate of breast cancer recurrence computed from a censored sample .

</doc>
<doc id="20890512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890512" title="For a Swarm of Bees">
For a Swarm of Bees

For a Swarm of Bees is an Anglo-Saxon metrical charm that was intended for use in keeping honey bees from swarming. The text was discovered by John Mitchell Kemble in the 19th century.
Despite the ostensibly mundane intent of the magic charm, many scholars have seen the "sigewif" ('victory-women') as metaphors for supernatural beings to be called on for aid in battle, or a direct reference to them. There are similarities between the Anglo-Saxon bee charm and the 9th-century German Lorsch Bee Blessing.
Charm text.
The charm is named for the opening words of the text that was found by John Mitchell Kemble, which were in Old English, ""wiþ ymbe"", meaning "against (or towards) a swarm of bees". In the most often studied portion, towards the end of the text where the charm itself is located, the bees are referred to as "victory-women" (Old English "sigewif"). the scholar Felix Grendon noted remarkable similarities between this charm and the German Lorsch Bee Blessing ("Lorscher Bienensegen").
Sigewif.
Literally meaning "victory-women" or "victorious women", "sigewif" has been associated by Kemble, Jacob Grimm, and other scholars with the notion of valkyries (Old English "wælcyrian"), and "shield maidens", hosts of female beings attested in Old Norse and, to a lesser extent, Old English sources. Grimm offers equivalents for the term "sigewif" in other languages: "siguwip" in Old High German and "sigrvif" in Old Norse. 
Among some scholars the term has been theorized as a simple metaphor for the "victorious sword" (the stinging) of the bees. However, still other recent scholars maintain as was proposed in the 19th century that "sigewif" represent a variety of supernatural beings to be called upon in battle and are similar to or identical with the Idise of the Merseburg Incantations.
Lorsch Bee Blessing.
From the monastery in Lorsch, Germany, famous for the Lorsch Codex, a manuscript portion known as the "Lorscher Bienensegen" or Lorsch Bee Blessing, was identified by Felix Grendon as having remarkable similarities to the Anglo-Saxon bee charm, possibly reflecting some common origin in pre-Christian Germanic culture.

</doc>
<doc id="20890513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890513" title="COSMOSPACE">
COSMOSPACE

COSMOSPACE is an activity coefficient model in which the activity coefficient of the components in a
liquid chemical mixture can be related through their molar fraction.
While UNIQUAC is a first order approximation, COSMOSPACE gives the exact solution of a lattice model in which pairwise molecule surfaces interact. Therefore COSMOSPACE outperforms Uniquac in the description of vapor-liquid and liquid-liquid phase equilibria.

</doc>
<doc id="20890514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890514" title="Farmer v. Brennan">
Farmer v. Brennan

Farmer v. Brennan, 511 U.S. 825 (1994), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that a prison official's "deliberate indifference" to a substantial risk of serious harm to an inmate violates the cruel and unusual punishment clause of the Eighth Amendment. An amicus brief was submitted by Stop Prisoner Rape, which lauded the decision.
Case.
Dee Farmer, a trans woman (male-to-female transgender person), was incarcerated with the general male population after being transferred to the US Penitentiary Terre Haute, Indiana. She was repeatedly raped and beaten by the other inmates and acquired HIV as a result. Farmer claimed that the prison administration should have known that she was particularly vulnerable to sexual violence. 
The majority opinion of the Court agreed that it was the responsibility of prison officials to prevent prisoners from harming each other, to the point where prison officials who were "deliberately indifferent" were ruled liable under the Eighth Amendment. The court did not make prison officials liable for all violence between inmates.
We [...] hold that a prison official may be held liable under the Eighth Amendment for denying humane conditions of confinement only if he knows that inmates face a substantial risk of serious harm and disregards that risk by failing to take reasonable measures to abate it.
Justice Blackmun's concurring opinion went further, saying that the government was responsible for the conditions inside even if no specific agent of the government had acted in a particularly culpable manner.
Where a legislature refuses to fund a prison adequately, the resulting barbaric conditions should not be immune from constitutional scrutiny simply because no prison official acted culpably. [...] The responsibility for subminimal conditions in any prison inevitably is diffuse, and often borne at least in part, by the legislature. Yet, regardless of what state actor or institution caused the harm and with what intent, the experience of the inmate is the same. A punishment is simply no less cruel or unusual because its harm is unintended. In view of this obvious fact, there is no reason to believe that, in adopting the Eighth Amendment, the Framers intended to prohibit cruel and unusual punishments only when they were inflicted intentionally.
The decision marked the first time the Supreme Court had directly addressed prisoner rape.

</doc>
<doc id="20890519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890519" title="Well-behaved statistic">
Well-behaved statistic

A well-behaved statistic is a term sometimes used in the theory of statistics to describe part of a procedure. This usage is broadly similar to the use of well-behaved in more general mathematics. It is essentially an assumption about the formulation of an estimation procedure (which entails the specification of an estimator or statistic) that is used to avoid giving extensive details about what conditions need to hold. In particular it means that the statistic is not an unusual one in the context being studied. Due to this, the meaning attributed to "well-behaved statistic" may vary from context to context.
The present article is mainly concerned with the context of data mining procedures applied to statistical inference and, in particular, to the group of computationally intensive procedure that have been called algorithmic inference.
Algorithmic inference.
In algorithmic inference, the property of a statistic that is of most relevance is the pivoting step which allows to transference of probability-considerations from the sample distribution to the distribution of the parameters representing the population distribution in such a way that the conclusion of this statistical inference step is compatible with the sample actually observed.
By default, capital letters (such as "U", "X") will denote random variables and small letters ("u", "x") their corresponding realizations and with gothic letters (such as formula_1) the domain where the variable takes specifications. Facing a sample formula_2, given a sampling mechanism formula_3, with formula_4 scalar, for the random variable "X", we have
The sampling mechanism formula_6, of the statistic "s", as a function ? of formula_7 with specifications in formula_8 , has an explaining function defined by the master equation:
for suitable seeds formula_10 and parameter ?
Well-behaved.
In order to derive the distribution law of the parameter "T", compatible with formula_11, the statistic must obey some technical properties. Namely, a statistic "s" is said to be well-behaved if it satisfies the following three statements:
Example.
For instance, for both the Bernoulli distribution with parameter "p" and the exponential distribution with parameter ? the statistic formula_25 is well-behaved. The satisfaction of the above three properties is straightforward when looking at both explaining functions: formula_26 if formula_27, 0 otherwise in the case of the Bernoulli random variable, and formula_28 for the Exponential random variable, giving rise to statistics
and
"Vice versa", in the case of "X" following a continuous uniform distribution on formula_31 the same statistics do not meet the second requirement. For instance, the observed sample formula_32 gives
formula_33. But the explaining function of this "X" is formula_34.
Hence a master equation formula_35 would produce with
a "U" sample formula_36 and a solution formula_37. This conflicts with the observed sample since the first observed value should result greater than the right extreme of the "X" range. The statistic formula_38 is well-behaved in this case.
Analogously, for a random variable "X" following the Pareto distribution with parameters "K" and "A" (see Pareto example for more detail of this case),
and
can be used as joint statistics for these parameters.
As a general statement that holds under weak conditions, sufficient statistics are well-behaved with respect to the related parameters. The table below gives sufficient / Well-behaved statistics for the parameters of some of the most commonly used probability distributions.

</doc>
<doc id="20890522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890522" title="Twisting properties">
Twisting properties

Starting with a sample formula_1 observed from a random variable "X" having a given distribution law with a non-set parameter, a parametric inference problem consists of computing suitable values – call them estimates – of this parameter precisely on the basis of the sample. An estimate is suitable if replacing it with the unknown parameter does not cause major damage in next computations. In algorithmic inference, suitability of an estimate reads in terms of compatibility with the observed sample. 
In turn, parameter compatibility is a probability measure that we derive from the probability distribution of the random variable to which the parameter refers. In this way we identify a random parameter Θ compatible with an observed sample.
Given a sampling mechanism formula_2, the rationale of this operation lies in using the "Z" seed distribution law to determine both the "X" distribution law for the given θ, and the Θ distribution law given an "X" sample. Hence, we may derive the latter distribution directly from the former if we are able to relate domains of the sample space to subsets of Θ support. In more abstract terms, we speak about twisting properties of samples with properties of parameters and identify the former with statistics that are suitable for this exchange, so denoting a well behavior w.r.t. the unknown parameters. The operational goal is to write the analytic expression of the cumulative distribution function formula_3, in light of the observed value "s" of a statistic "S", as a function of the "S" distribution law when the "X" parameter is exactly θ.
Method.
Given a sampling mechanism formula_2 for the random variable "X", we model formula_5 to be equal to formula_6. Focusing on a relevant statistic formula_7 for the parameterθ, the master equation reads
When "s" is a well-behaved statistic w.r.t the parameter, we are sure that a monotone relation exists for each formula_9 between "s" and θ. We are also assured that Θ, as a function of formula_10 for given "s", is a random variable since the master equation provides solutions that are feasible and independent of other (hidden) parameters.
The direction of the monotony determines for any formula_11 a relation between events of the type formula_12 or "vice versa" formula_13, where formula_14 is computed by the master equation with formula_15. In the case that "s" assumes discrete values the first relation changes into formula_16 where formula_17 is the size of the "s" discretization grain, idem with the opposite monotony trend. Resuming these relations on all seeds, for "s" continuous we have either 
or 
For "s" discrete we have an interval where formula_20 lies, because of formula_17.
The whole logical contrivance is called a twisting argument. A procedure implementing it is as follows.
Remark.
The rationale behind twisting arguments does not change when parameters are vectors, though some complication arises from the management of joint inequalities. Instead, the difficulty of dealing with a vector of parameters proved to be the Achilles heel of Fisher's approach to the fiducial distribution of parameters . Also Fraser’s constructive probabilities devised for the same purpose do not treat this point completely.
Example.
For formula_22 drawn from a Gamma distribution, whose specification requires values for the parameters λ and "k", a twisting argument may be stated by following the below procedure. Given the meaning of these parameters we know that 
where formula_23 and formula_24. This leads to a 
joint cumulative distribution function formula_25.
Using the first factorization and replacing formula_26 with formula_27 in order to have a distribution of formula_28 that is independent of formula_29, we have
with "m" denoting the sample size, formula_32 and formula_33 are the observed statistics (hence with indices denoted by capital letters), formula_34 the Incomplete Gamma function and formula_35 the Fox's H function that can be approximated with a Gamma distribution again with proper parameters (for instance estimated through the method of moments) as a function of "k" and "m".

</doc>
<doc id="20890526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890526" title="Bootstrapping populations">
Bootstrapping populations

Starting with a sample formula_1 observed from a random variable "X" having a given distribution law with a set of non fixed parameters which we denote with a vector formula_2, a parametric inference problem consists of computing suitable values – call them estimates – of these parameters precisely on the basis of the sample. An estimate is suitable if replacing it with the unknown parameter does not cause major damage in next computations. In Algorithmic inference, suitability of an estimate reads in terms of compatibility with the observed sample. 
In this framework, resampling methods are aimed at generating a set of candidate values to replace the unknown parameters that we read as compatible replicas of them. They represent a population of specifications of a random vector formula_3 compatible with an observed sample, where the compatibility of its values has the properties of a probability distribution. By plugging parameters into the expression of the questioned distribution law, we bootstrap entire populations of random variables compatible with the observed sample. 
The rationale of the algorithms computing the replicas, which we denote "population bootstrap" procedures, is to identify a set of statistics formula_4 exhibiting specific properties, denoting a well behavior, w.r.t. the unknown parameters. The statistics are expressed as functions of the observed values formula_1, by definition. The formula_6 may be expressed as a function of the unknown parameters and a random seed specification formula_7 through the sampling mechanism formula_8, in turn. Then, by plugging the second expression in the former, we obtain formula_9 expressions as functions of seeds and parameters – the master equations – that we invert to find values of the latter as a function of: i) the statistics, whose values in turn are fixed at the observed ones; and ii) the seeds, which are random according to their own distribution. Hence from a set of seed samples we obtain a set of parameter replicas.
Method.
Given a formula_10 of a random variable "X" and a sampling mechanism formula_8 for "X", the realization x is given by formula_12, with formula_13. Focusing on well-behaved statistics, 
for their parameters, the master equations read
For each sample seed formula_14 a vector of parameters formula_2 is obtained from the solution of the above system with formula_16 fixed to the observed values.
Having computed a huge set of compatible vectors, say "N", the empirical marginal distribution of formula_17 is obtaineded by:
where formula_18 is the j-th component of the generic solution of (1) and where formula_19 is the indicator function of formula_18 in the interval formula_21
Some indeterminacies remain if "X" is discrete and this we will be considered shortly.
The whole procedure may be summed up in the form of the following Algorithm, where the index formula_3 of formula_23 denotes the parameter vector from which the statistics vector is derived.
Algorithm.
and the curve in the picture on the right when: i) "X" is a Uniform random variable in formula_26, ii) formula_27, and 
Remark.
Note that the accuracy with which a parameter distribution law of
populations compatible with a sample is obtained is not a function of the sample size. Instead, it is a function of the number of seeds we draw. In turn, this number is purely a matter of computational time but does not require any extension of the observed data. With other bootstrapping methods focusing on a generation of sample replicas (like those proposed by ) the accuracy of the estimate distributions depends on the sample size.
Example.
For formula_29 expected to represent a Pareto distribution, whose specification requires values for the parameters formula_30 and "k", we have that the cumulative distribution function reads: 
A sampling mechanism formula_32 has formula_33 uniform seed "U" and explaining function formula_34 described by:
A relevant statistic formula_36 is constituted by the pair of joint sufficient statistics for formula_37 and "K", respectively formula_38.
The master equations read
with formula_41.
Figure on the right reports the three-dimensional plot of the empirical cumulative distribution function (2) of formula_42.

</doc>
<doc id="20890532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890532" title="Complexity index">
Complexity index

Besides complexity intended as a difficulty to compute a function (see computational complexity), in modern computer science and in statistics another complexity index of a function stands for denoting its information content, in turn affecting the difficulty of learning the function from examples.
"Complexity indices" in this sense characterize the entire class of functions to which the one we are interested in belongs. Focusing on Boolean functions, the detail of a class formula_1 of Boolean functions "c" essentially denotes how deeply the class is articulated.
To identify this index we must first define a "sentry function" of formula_1.
Let us focus for a moment on a single function "c", call it a "concept" defined on a set formula_3 of elements that we may figure as points in a Euclidean space. In this framework, the above function associates to "c" a set of points that, since are defined to be external to the concept, prevent it from expanding into another function of formula_1. We may dually define these points in terms of sentinelling a given concept "c" from being fully enclosed (invaded) by another concept within the class. Therefore we call these points either "sentinels" or "sentry points"; they are assigned by the sentry function formula_5 to each concept of formula_1 in such a way that:
The technical definition coming from is rooted in the inclusion of an augmented concept formula_11 made up of "c" plus its sentry points by another formula_12 in the same class.
Definition of sentry function.
For a concept class formula_1 on a space formula_14, a "sentry function" is a total function formula_15 satisfying the following conditions:
formula_25 is the "frontier" of "c" upon formula_5.
With reference to the picture on the right, formula_45 is a candidate frontier of formula_46 against formula_47. All points are in the gap between a formula_48 and formula_46. They avoid inclusion of formula_50 in formula_51, provided that these points are not used by the latter for sentineling itself against other concepts. "Vice versa" we expect that formula_37 uses formula_53 and formula_54 as its own sentinels, formula_38 uses formula_56 and formula_54 and formula_58 uses formula_53 and formula_56 analogously. Point formula_61 is not allowed as a formula_46 sentry point since, like any diplomatic seat, it should be located outside all other concepts just to ensure that it is not occupied in case of invasion by formula_46.
Definition of detail.
The frontier size of the most expensive concept to be sentineled with the least efficient sentineling function, i.e. the quantity

</doc>
<doc id="20890548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890548" title="The Incredible Sarah">
The Incredible Sarah

The Incredible Sarah is a 1976 British drama film directed by Richard Fleischer and starring Glenda Jackson. It presents dramatization of the acting career of Sarah Bernhardt.
Awards.
The film was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Costume Design (Anthony Mendleson) and Best Art Direction (Elliot Scott, Norman Reynolds). Glenda Jackson was also nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Actress.

</doc>
<doc id="20890556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890556" title="Derbyshire Record Office">
Derbyshire Record Office

The Derbyshire Record Office, established in 1962, is the county record office for Derbyshire, England. It holds archives and local studies material for the County of Derbyshire and the City of Derby and Diocese of Derby. It is situated in Matlock. The Record Office contains more than four miles of original Derbyshire records.
Derbyshire County Council has been colecting records since 1889, but it was not until 1962 the Derbyshire Record Office was opened. In 2013 the Local Studies Library in Matlock joined the Derbyshire Record Office. To enable this to happen the building was referbished and an extension was built costing £4 million. The first County Archivist was Joan Sinar, previously County Archivist at Devon Record Office. She was succeeded by Margaret O'Sullivan. The current Archives and Local Studies Manager is Sarah Chubb.
Picture the Past.
Picture the Past is a project based in Derbyshire Record Office aiming to digitise the images from the libraries, museums, archives and personal collections in Derby, Derbyshire, Nottingham, and Nottinghamshire. They are doing this in order to make them accessible to the public while also preserving the images. The project is jointly managed by the local authorities of Derby, Derbyshire, Nottingham, and Nottinghamshire with financial assistance from the Heritage Lottery Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="20890571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890571" title="Sala Stadium">
Sala Stadium

The Sala Stadium () is a sports stadium in Ashkelon, Israel. The stadium has a 10,000 capacity, and is the home ground of Hapoel Ashkelon.
On 20 December 2008, shortly before a training session, the stadium was hit by a Grad rocket fired from the Gaza Strip. The rocket landed in the penalty area.

</doc>
<doc id="20890580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890580" title="Devan (film)">
Devan (film)

Devan is a 2002 Tamil action film directed by Arun Pandian making his debut as director, the film stars himself in title role being his 100th project as actor with Meena and Kausalya in the lead roles while Karthik Muthuraman and Senthil make guest appearances. Vijayakanth makes an extended special appearance. Malayalam actor Saikumar made his Tamil debut with this film.
Plot.
When the movie opens Devan(Arun Pandiyan) murdering photographer Jeeva(Thalaivasal Vijay) in cold blood in his house. Jeeva strategically positions a video camera to capture the impending murder but Devan never shows his face to it. And when Jeeva shouts out the name of his killer before dying, the audio is lost at that point. While the police search for the killer, Devan zeroes in on Chetta (Saikumar) as his next target. He follows Chetta to Chandigarh but is apprehended by CBI officer Ratnavel(Vijayakanth). But once Ratnavel realises Chetta's true nature, he begins to help Devan, even hiring successful lawyer Chakravarthy(Karthik) to fight for him.
The flashback shows that Devan's sister (Kausalya) was killed by Chetta, Devan wants to avenge the death of his sister. In the climax, villain is killed.
Production.
The film was Arun Pandian's 100th film as actor and debut film as director. The climax scene was shot in Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh, at the harbour, where underwater sequences were shot, using helicopters and ships, 3000 tractor, 50 buses and 200 camels. Says Arun Pandian, "It's a story that I penned about 10 years back. Earlier when I'd casually talked to Vijaykant about my intention of directing a film he had said that he would definitely act whenever I directed it. I reminded him of it and he promptly agreed. He was confident and didn't have any apprehension that I being the actor-director would give more footage to myself!".
Critical reception.
Balaji wrote:"though the movie starts off impressively, it eventually turns into a cliche-ridden outing filled with sentiments, revenge and action". Another reviewer wrote:"An interesting screenplay, with suspense, action, vendetta and patriotism weaved in, the male characters are well-etched, and the female characters given just enough scope to justify their presence in the film. Only that the film is a bit too lengthy and could have been trimmed a little".

</doc>
<doc id="20890597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890597" title="Louise Arnold">
Louise Arnold

Louise Arnold is an English writer of Children's literature. Her published works to date include the Grey Arthur series of novels.
Biography.
Personal life.
Arnold was born in Morden, Surrey. She wrote her first poem aged four, and lived in Bognor Regis until she passed her A-Level exams. She graduated from the University of Kent in 2003 with a 2.1 in drama. While studying there, she was diagnosed with dyslexia. She now lives in Canterbury, Kent.
Professional life.
In 2003 the BBC News website launched a competition to find "The next J. K. Rowling". Entrants were invited to submit the first paragraph of a children's book. A selection of these was then put to an online public vote, which Arnold subsequently won with her entry, entitled "A not very frightening ghost". She was signed by an agent, Kate Jones, which then led to a publishing deal, with her first novel "The Invisible Friend" being released in 2005.
"I was contacted by an agent and had to go for meetings which was very daunting because the industry was all new to me and I had little clue how it all worked...But I got lucky with the people I met and I realise how lucky I am to have this opportunity."
"I was given a deadline of a year to write the book, which I delivered on time. I'm a bit of daydreamer so I needed that deadline to get me down to working."
Published works.
In England, the title instead of An Unremarkable Boy and a Rather Remarkable Ghost is:

</doc>
<doc id="20890626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890626" title="Chancellor of Germany">
Chancellor of Germany

The Chancellor of Germany is the head of government of Germany. The official title in German is "Bundeskanzler(-in)" (literally, Federal Chancellor), sometimes shortened to "Kanzler(-in)". The term, dating from the early Middle Ages, is derived from the Latin term "cancellarius".
In German politics the "Chancellor" is equivalent to that of a Prime Minister in many other countries. The German term directly equivalent to Prime Minister, "Ministerpräsident", is used for the heads of government of most German states (referred to in German as "Länder", literally "countries") as well as foreign countries.
The current Chancellor is Angela Merkel, who is currently serving her third term in office. She is the first female chancellor, thus being known in German as "Bundeskanzlerin". That particular word was never used officially before Merkel, but it is a grammatically regular formation of a noun denoting a female chancellor.
The modern office of Chancellor evolved from the position created for Otto von Bismarck in the North German Confederation in 1867; the Confederation evolved into a German nation-state with the 1871 Unification of Germany. The role of the Chancellor has varied greatly throughout Germany's modern history. Today, the Chancellor is widely considered to be the country's effective leader.
Historical overview.
The office of Chancellor has a long history, stemming back to the Holy Roman Empire. The title was at times used in several states of German-speaking Europe. The modern office of Chancellor was established with the North German Confederation, of which Otto von Bismarck became Chancellor in 1867. After the Unification of Germany in 1871, the office became known in German as "Reichskanzler" (lit. Imperial Chancellor), although it continued to be referred to as Chancellor in English. With Germany's constitution of 1949, the title "Bundeskanzler" was revived in German.
During the various eras, the role of the Chancellor has varied. From 1871 to 1918, the Chancellor was only responsible to the Emperor. With the constitutional reform in 1918, the Parliament was granted the right to dismiss the Chancellor. According to the Weimar Constitution of 1919, the Chancellor was appointed by the President and responsible to Parliament. After the death of President Hindenburg, the Weimar Constitution was effectively set aside during the Nazi dictatorship. The 1949 constitution gave the Chancellor greater powers than during the Weimar Republic, while diminishing the role of the President. Germany is today often referred to as a "chancellor democracy", reflecting the "de facto" role of the Chancellor as the country's chief executive.
Since 1867, 33 individuals have served as heads of government of Germany or its predecessor, the North German Confederation, most of them with the title Chancellor.
Due to his administrative tasks, the head of the clerics at the chapel of an Imperial palace during the Carolingian Empire was called Chancellor (from ). The chapel's college acted as the Emperor's chancery issuing deeds and capitularies. Since the days of Louis the German, the Archbishop of Mainz was "ex officio" German Archchancellor, a position he held until the end of the Holy Roman Empire in 1806, while "de jure" the Archbishop of Cologne was Chancellor of Italy and the Archbishop of Trier of Burgundy. These three Prince-Archbishops were also Prince-electors of the Empire electing the King of the Romans. Already in medieval times the German Chancellor had political power like Archbishop Willigis (Archchancellor 975–1011, regent for King Otto III of Germany 991–994) or Rainald von Dassel (Chancellor 1156–1162 and 1166–1167) under Emperor Frederick Barbarossa.
In 1559 Emperor Ferdinand I established the agency of an Imperial chancellery ("Reichshofkanzlei") at the Vienna Hofburg Palace, headed by a Vice-Chancellor under the nominal authority of the Mainz archbishop. Upon the 1620 Battle of White Mountain, Emperor Ferdinand II created the office of an Austrian Court Chancellor in charge of the internal and foreign affairs of the Habsburg Monarchy. From 1753 onwards, the office of an Austrian State Chancellor was held by Prince Kaunitz. The Imperial chancellery lost its importance, and from the days of Maria Theresa and Joseph II merely existed on paper. After the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire, Prince Metternich served as State Chancellor of the Austrian Empire (1821-1848), likewise Prince Hardenberg acted as Prussian chancellor (1810-1822).
From 1867 to 1871 the title "Bundeskanzler" (federal chancellor) was again used in the German language, during the time of the North German Confederation. From 1871 to 1945, the office was named "Reichskanzler" (Imperial Chancellor). Since 1949 the formal title of the office in the German language is once again "Bundeskanzler".
In the now defunct German Democratic Republic (GDR, East Germany), which existed from 7 October 1949 to 3 October 1990 (when the territory of the former GDR was reunified with the Federal Republic of Germany), the position of Chancellor did not exist. The equivalent position was called either Minister President "(Ministerpräsident)" or Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the GDR "(Vorsitzender des Ministerrats der DDR)". (See Leaders of East Germany.)
Chancellor of the North German Confederation (1867–1871).
The head of the federal government of the North German Confederation, which was created on 1 July 1867, had the title "Bundeskanzler". The only person to hold the office was Otto Graf von Bismarck-Schönhausen (better known simply as Otto von Bismarck), the Prime Minister of Prussia.
Although the King of Prussia was proclaimed and sworn in as German Emperor in the Hall of Mirrors at the Palace of Versailles on 18 January 1871, the North German Confederation did not cease to exist until the 1871 Constitution of Germany went into force three months later, on 16 April. Bismarck hence remained Chancellor of the Confederation until that date. During these months, the North German Confederation was also referred to as the German Confederation, after the South German states (excluding Austria) had joined the confederation.
The Chancellor was appointed by the King of Prussia in his capacity as President of the North German Confederation. His role and powers were very similar to that of the office of Chancellor of Germany from 1871.
Chancellor of the German Empire (1871–1918).
In the 1871 German Empire, the Imperial Chancellor served both as the Emperor's first minister, and as presiding officer of the Bundesrat, the upper chamber of the German parliament. He was neither elected by nor responsible to Parliament (the "Reichstag"). Instead, the Chancellor was appointed by the Emperor.
The Federal Government consisted of
Technically, the foreign ministers of the empire's states instructed their states' deputies to the Federal Council (Bundesrat) and therefore outranked the Chancellor. For this reason, the "Fürst" von Bismarck (as he was from 1871 onwards) continued to serve as both prime minister and foreign minister of Prussia for virtually his entire tenure as Chancellor of the empire, since he wanted to continue to exercise this power. Since Berlin controlled 17 votes in the Bundesrat, Bismarck could effectively control the proceedings by making deals with the smaller states.
The term Chancellor signalled the seemingly low priority of this institution compared to the governments of the states, because the new Chancellor of the Federation should not be a fully fledged prime minister, in contrast to the heads of the federal states. The title of Chancellor additionally symbolized a strong monarchic-bureaucratic and ultimately antiparliamentary component, as in the Prussian tradition of, for instance, von Hardenberg.
In both of these aspects, the executive of the Federation resp. the Empire as it was formed in 1867/71 was deliberately different from the Imperial Ministry of the revolutionary years 1848/49, which had been led by a Prime Minister, who was elected by the National Assembly.
In 1871, the concept of the federal chancellor was transferred to the executive of the newly formed German Empire, which now also contained the South German states. Here too, the terms of Chancellor and Federal Agency (as opposed to Ministry or Government) suggested an (apparent) lower priority of the federal executive as compared to the governments of the federal states. For this reason, neither the Chancellor nor the leaders of the imperial departments under his command used the title of Minister until 1918.
The constitution of Germany was amended on 29 October 1918, when the Parliament was given the right to dismiss the Chancellor. However, the change could not prevent the outbreak of the revolution a few days later.
Revolutionary period (1918–1919).
On 9 November 1918, Prince Max von Baden handed over his office of Chancellor to Friedrich Ebert. Ebert continued to serve as Head of Government during the three months between the end of the German Empire in November 1918 and the first gathering of the National Assembly in February 1919, but did not use the title of Chancellor.
During that time, Ebert also served as Chairman of the "Council of the People's Deputies", until 29 December 1918 together with the Independent Social Democrat Hugo Haase.
Chancellor of the Weimar Republic (1919–1933).
The office of Chancellor was continued in the Weimar Republic. The Chancellor was appointed by the President and was responsible to the Reichstag.
Under the Weimar Republic, the Chancellor was a fairly weak figure. Much like his French counterpart, he served as little more than a chairman. Cabinet decisions were made by majority vote. In fact many of the Weimar governments depended highly on the cooperation of the President, due to the difficulty of finding a majority in Parliament.
Chancellor of Nazi Germany (1933–1945).
Adolf Hitler became Chancellor of Germany on 30 January 1933, a point which historians agree marks the beginning of Nazi Germany. Upon taking office Hitler immediately began accumulating power and changing the nature of the Chancellor. After only two months in office, and following the burning of the Reichstag building, the Reichstag body passed the Enabling Act which gave the Chancellor full legislative powers for a period of four years – the Chancellor could introduce any law without consulting Parliament. The Chancellorship grew greater still in August 1934 when the incumbent President Paul von Hindenburg died. Hitler used the Enabling Act to merge the office of Chancellor with that of President to create a new office, Führer; although the offices were merged, Hitler continued to be addressed as "Führer und Reichskanzler" indicating that the Head of State and Head of Government were still separate positions albeit held by the same man. This separation was made more evident when in April 1945 Hitler gave instruction that upon his death the office of Führer would dissolve and there would be a new President and Chancellor. On 30 April 1945, Hitler committed suicide and was briefly succeeded as Chancellor by Joseph Goebbels, as dictated in Hitler's will and testament. With Goebbels following Hitler's suicide with his own, the reins of power passed to Grand Admiral Karl Dönitz as President of Germany. Dönitz in turn appointed non-partisan conservative Count Schwerin von Krosigk as head of government with the title Leading Minister. Dönitz and Schwerin von Krosigk negotiated the surrender to the Allies.
Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany (since 1949).
The 1949 German constitution, the Basic Law ("Grundgesetz"), invests the Chancellor (German, "Bundeskanzler") with broad powers to initiate government policy. For that reason, some observers refer to the German political system as a "chancellor democracy". Whichever major party (CDU/CSU or SPD) does not hold the chancellorship usually calls its leading candidate for the federal election "chancellor-candidate" ("Kanzlerkandidat"). The Federal Government ("Bundesregierung") consists of the Chancellor and his or her cabinet ministers.
The chancellor's authority emanates from the provisions of the Basic Law and in practice from his or her status as leader of the party (or coalition of parties) holding a majority of seats in the "Bundestag" (federal parliament). With the exception of Helmut Schmidt, the chancellor has usually also been chairman of his or her own party. This was the case with Chancellor Gerhard Schröder from 1999 until he resigned the chairmanship of the SPD in 2004.
The German Chancellor is officially addressed as "Herr Bundeskanzler" if the Chancellor is a man. The current female Chancellor Angela Merkel is officially addressed as "Frau Bundeskanzlerin", the female form of the title. Use of the mixed form "Frau Bundeskanzler" was deprecated by the government in 2004 because it is regarded as impolite.

</doc>
<doc id="20890631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890631" title="Good as Gold">
Good as Gold

Good as Gold may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20890650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890650" title="Oxychilus yartanicus">
Oxychilus yartanicus

Oxychilus yartanicus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae, the glass snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Majorca.

</doc>
<doc id="20890651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890651" title="Šentvid pri Lukovici">
Šentvid pri Lukovici

Šentvid pri Lukovici () is a settlement in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Šent Vid" to "Šentvid pri Lukovici" in 1955. The settlement gets its name from the local church, dedicated to Saint Vitus (). In the 19th century the German name was "Sankt Veit".

</doc>
<doc id="20890655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890655" title="Oxychilus albuferensis">
Oxychilus albuferensis

Oxychilus albuferensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae, the glass snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Majorca.

</doc>
<doc id="20890664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890664" title="Sven-Tore Jacobsen">
Sven-Tore Jacobsen

Sven-Tore Jacobsen (born 1953) is a former Norwegian team handball player, and former head coach for the Norwegian women's national handball team. As coach from 1984 to 1993 he led the national team to achieve bronze medals at the World Women's Handball Championship in 1986, silver medals at the 1988 Olympic tournament, and silver medals at the 1992 Olympic tournament.
He has later worked for the Trondheim branch of the agricultural cooperative Felleskjøpet, and as CEO for the wholesaler Maske Gruppen.

</doc>
<doc id="20890668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890668" title="Oxychilus lentiformis">
Oxychilus lentiformis

Oxychilus lentiformis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae, the glass snails.
Distribution.
This species is found in:

</doc>
<doc id="20890670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890670" title="Beta Phi Alpha">
Beta Phi Alpha

Beta Phi Alpha (ΒΦΑ) was a national collegiate sorority operating in the United States from 1919 until 1941. It was absorbed by Delta Zeta sorority. 
History.
On the campus of the University of California Berkeley, Beta Phi Alpha began as Bid-A-Wee, a group created to meet the needs of a "very difficult housing situation" (Miner, p. 144). 
In 1912, the name changed to Aldebaran, after the star. 
In 1919, the group became a Greek letter organization with the name Kappa Phi Alpha (University of California Chronicle, p. 38). By 1920, the sorority took on its final name, Beta Phi Alpha. 
Beta Phi Alpha then began the process of nationalization and expansion. In 1923, it was granted membership in the National Panhellenic Conference. Thirty five chapters were installed by 1936, but not all of them were active. Many of them suffered from the Great Depression. 
In 1941, Beta Phi Alpha was absorbed by Delta Zeta sorority (Miner, pp. 144- 145).
Legacy.
Beta Phi Alpha's "Convention Lights" is still sung at the close of Delta Zeta national conventions. 
The gavel which opens Delta Zeta's convention is an artifact of Beta Phi Alpha. It was given to Beta Phi Alpha's Elsa Ludeke. The gavel is inscribed with the names of both sororities' founders and national presidents (Miner, pp. 144- 145). 
Final Benedictory.
Given at the final Beta Phi Alpha convention in 1941
By Julia Wells Bower
Sisters in Beta Phi Alpha, we have long traveled a star-lit road together. We have given loving service, have formed priceless friendships, and have learned true wisdom as we traveled that road. Now the warm glow of a brightly burning Lamp joins the soft radiance of our star to light our path. May we be worthy bearers of the Lamp as we are faithful followers of the star!" (Miner, p. 144)
Creed.
We believe in service, the keynote of our daily lives, the foundation of our Fraternity and its power to reveal the worth of woman. We believe in knowledge and its broadening influence, in understanding and unselfish love as the creators of our happiness. 
We pray for grace to meet success with humility, for strength and courage to rise above failure with spirit renewed, for wisdom to judge man by the spiritual values he may possess. We strive to keep faith in ourselves. We believe in the brotherhood of man and in our kinship to God, our Creator. (Miner, p. 145)
Insignia.
Delta Zeta's history book (1983) described the insignia as follows:
The badge "was a pearled Φ with Greek letters Β and Α embossed on a field of black enamel at either side of the Φ's stem". 
Colors were kelly green and gold. 
The flower was the yellow tea rose. 
The open motto was "Scientia, Virtus, Amicitia- Knowledge, Virtue, Friendship"
Chapters.
Delta Zeta's history book (1983) included the names of the earliest and final chapters:
References.
Baird's Manual of American College Fraternities (multiple volumes)
Miner, Florence Hood (1983). Delta Zeta Sorority 1902- 1982: Building on Yesterday, Reaching for Tomorrow. Delta Zeta Sorority, Comploith Graphics, Muary Boyd and Associates, Inc., Indianapolis, Indiana. 
University of California, University of California Chronicle, University of California Press, 1920, v. 22.

</doc>
<doc id="20890676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890676" title="Heinrich Schönfeld">
Heinrich Schönfeld

Heinrich Schönfeld (born 3 August 1900) was an Austrian footballer.
Career.
Schönfeld made his professional debut as a goalkeeper in 1916 for Austrian team SpC Rudolfshügel, but was later converted into a striker. He moved to Sportclub Meran in 1921, and in 1923 moved to Italian side Torino, where he became the top scorer in the 1923-1924 Serie A, scoring 22 goals. He spent one season with Inter Milan, before returning to Austria in 1926 with Hakoah Vienna. He later spent time playing in the American Soccer League with Brooklyn Wanderers, Brooklyn Hakoah and New York Hakoah. He played in Italy between 1930 and 1933 for Juventus Trapani.

</doc>
<doc id="20890688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890688" title="Richard Cull Jr.">
Richard Cull Jr.

Richard J. Cull Jr. (September 12, 1914 – April 24, 1992) was a reporter in Washington for the Dayton Daily News and the Cox Newspapers syndicate from 1947 to 1962. He then served as a press information officer for the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service from 1962 to 1975. When the survivors of the disastrous Bay of Pigs invasion were released from Cuban custody in 1962, Cull was the government official who handled the press coverage of their return to the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20890703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890703" title="Mitsouko (perfume)">
Mitsouko (perfume)

Mitsouko is a 1919 perfume by Guerlain. Its name is derived from the French transliteration of a Japanese female personal name. Its top notes are a fruity chypre, with floral middle notes and spice base notes.
History.
Mitsouko was created by perfumer Jacques Guerlain in 1919. The perfume has remained continuously available ever since.
Mitsouko is preserved in its original 1919 formulation in the archives of the Osmothèque, donated to the collection by Jean-Paul Guerlain. 
Name.
Origin of the name.
One account of the origin of the name is that it was inspired by the name of the heroine of Claude Farrère's novel "La bataille" ("The Battle"). The novel is set in Japan during the Russo-Japanese War, and chronicles a fictional "amour fou" between a British Navy Officer and one "Mitsouko", the wife of Fleet Admiral Baron Heihachiro Togo. Both Togo and the British officer sail to war, and Mitsouko awaits with reserve to see which of the two will return alive to her.
The other possibility is that it was inspired by the story of Mitsuko Aoyama, the mother of Richard Nikolaus Graf Coudenhove-Kalergi
Meaning of the name.
One possible rendering of the personal name "mitsuko/mitsouko" in the Japanese language use of Chinese characters is ). The "mitsu-" part of that compound means "mystery" or "mysterious". However it is an unlikely character ever to be used in personal names in Japan. Some sources cite this as an additional meaning for the name of the perfume.
Fragrance notes.
Its top notes include bergamot, its middle notes peach, rose, iris, clove, and jasmine, and its base notes vetiver, oakmoss, and labdanum.

</doc>
<doc id="20890705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890705" title="Beautiful (Akon song)">
Beautiful (Akon song)

"Beautiful" is the third single from Akon's third studio album, "Freedom". The song features American pop singer, Colby O'Donis and a rap verse from Canadian rapper, Kardinal Offishall. "Beautiful" was released to radio on January 6, 2009.
Music video.
The official video, directed by Gil Green, was made available in early January 2009, and featured guest appearances by Tyrese, A. R. Rahman, Dulce Maria, and the winner of an MTV contest. On February 24, 2009, the video premiered on Yahoo! Music and was also added to the iTunes Store for download. The video was re-edited for the Latin American versions of the song, with a separate video for each applicable version.
Cover versions.
Several cover versions of the song have been recorded. The most notable version of the song is by Sri-Lankan pop group Gravity, who performed the song live at the 2009 premier music competition "TNL Onstage"", resulting in it soon becoming the most aired track on TNL Radio during the months that followed. Australian Clare Bowditch also included a cover of the song as a bonus track on her 2010 studio album "Modern Day Addiction".
Different versions.
The song has also been recorded in three international versions: in Portuguese, with Brazilian singer and actress Negra Li, in Dutch, with Dutch singer Brace, and in Spanish, with Mexican singer/actress/songwriter Dulce María. The rap from the original was removed, and Colby O'Donis' vocals were also removed in favor of the other singers.
The Spanish version was first performed in an event at Mexico, in April 1, 2009. On the next day, it was leaked for airing and on the internet. The Portuguese version was leaked two days before.
On Australian radio stations only, a version features a singing verse sung by Hayley Williams of Paramore replaced Kardinal Offishall's rapping lines.
The music videos in Portuguese, Dutch and Spanish were released at YouTube on June 2, 8 and 9, respectively.
Another version, featuring South Korean BoA, was released in Japan on August 5, 2009 under the title Freedom+2. The version includes BoA's vocals (also in English) in place of Colby O'Donis' and includes the rap by Kardinal Offishall. This version is exactly the same as the original song and as such is not a remix, although there is a Reggae Remix of "Beautiful" with Colby O'Donis and Kardinall Offishall being released on "Freedom+2".

</doc>
<doc id="20890708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890708" title="Panjar">
Panjar

Panjar is a village of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 33°39'0N 73°31'0E with an altitude of 795 metres (2611 feet).
The village and sarounding hamlets in the Kahuta hills are inhabited the Jasgam or Jaskham tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="20890709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890709" title="Luigi Bodio">
Luigi Bodio

Luigi Bodio (born 12 October 1840 in Milan–2 November 1920 in Rome) was an Italian economist and statistician, among the founders of Italian Statistics. He was the first General Secretary of the International Statistical Institute (ISI) and among the first Presidents of ISI.
Biography.
Bodio graduated in 1861 at University of Pisa as a doctor of law, and afterward traveled abroad with government scholarship to complete his postgraduate education in economics and statistics. In 1864 he became Professor in National Economics in Livorno, and in 1867 also in Milan. From 1968 to 1972 Bodio was Professor in Economics and Economic Geography at University of Venice. In 1872, after the death of Pietro Maestri, he was President of the Italian Royal Statistical Office (founded by Maestri) in Rome. Since 1876 Bodio was editor, together with Cesare Correnti and Paolo Boselli, of the "Archivio di statistica". In the same year he conducted the first official surveys on Italian migration. In 1882 Bodio became a member of the Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei.
In 1885 was a founding member and General Secretary of the International Statistical Institute up to 1905. In 1909 he was elected President of the International Statistical Institute and remained in charge until his death in 1920. In 1900 Bodio was elected National Senator, and he was General Commissioner of Migration (1901–04), an Inter-ministerial Body created to address and protect the Italian migration abroad. In 1996, the International Cooperation Centre for Statistics (ICstat) was dedicated to Luigi Bodio in recognition of his dedication and promotion of the statistical cooperation.

</doc>
<doc id="20890714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890714" title="Mamidipudi Venkatarangayya">
Mamidipudi Venkatarangayya

Mamidipudi Venkatarangayya M.A. () (January 8, 1889 – January 13, 1982) was a multidisciplined person and financial and political scientist and historical writer of Andhra Pradesh, India. He was recipient of Padma Bhushan in 1968 by Indian Government.
Early life.
He was born in Purini village of Kovur taluq in Nellore district in 1889 to Venkatesham and Narasamma. After primary education in Telugu and Sanskrit he went to Madras for higher studies. He joined the Pachaiyappa's College and completed B.A. in 1907 from Madras University. While working as a Tutor in the Pachiappa's college, he took his M.A. degree in History, Economics and Politics in 1910 from the same university. He actively participated in the Indian Independence Movement during the study period.
Teaching.
On the invitation of Raghupathi Venkataratnam Naidu he joined Maharajah college in Kakinada as History lecturer from 1910 to 1914. He later worked as lecturer in Economics and Politics at Maharajah college, Vizianagaram till 1927. He was teacher to prince Alak Narayana Gajapathi. He was appointed as Diwan of Vizianagaram Samsthanam in 1927.
He joined as principal of Rajah college at Venkatagiri from 1928 to 1931. Later he joined Andhra University as reader in 1931 and became professor in 1938 and retired as principal of University college in 1944.
He was invited by Bombay University to head the Political and Social Sciences department between 1949 to 1952.
He died peacefully at his residence at Secunderabad in 1982 at the age of 92 years.
Literary works.
He wrote many books on Indian history, constitution, encyclopedia, panchayati raj and politics. 
Family.
He married Venkamma and they had ten children: Annapurna, Godavari, Mamidipudi Narasimham, Mamidipudi Seetharam, Mamidipudi Anandam, Mamidipudi Venkateswarlu, Pattabhiram, Mamidipudi Krishnamurti, and Mamidipudi Simhachalam and Vaidehi.
Mamidipudi Anandam is a Chartered Accountant and twice Rajya Sabha member. Shanta Sinha is daughter of Anandam.
Mamidipudi Pattabhiram is Associate Editor of The Hindu. Mamidipudi Nagarjuna was the son of Pattabhiram. He was IAS, Special Officer for District Primary Education Project and earlier served as Collector at Guntur district and in a primary health project earlier. He died in Mumbai while undergoing treatment at the Tata Memorial Cancer hospital for Leukaemia. He was 47 and is survived by his wife and two sons.
Mamidipudi Venkatarangaiya Foundation.
Mamidipudi Venkatarangaiya Foundation was established in his memory in 1981 and presently working from Secunderabad. Their fields of working are Child Rights, Health and Natural Resource Management.
Shantha Sinha, Secretary of the Mamidipudi Venkatarangaiya (MV) Foundation, won the Ramon Magsaysay Award for Community Leadership in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20890716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890716" title="Vainglory (Old English poem)">
Vainglory (Old English poem)

Vainglory is the title given to an Old English gnomic or homiletic poem of eighty-four lines, preserved in the Exeter Book. The precise date of composition is unknown, but the fact of its preservation in a late tenth-century manuscript gives us an approximate terminus ante quem. The poem is structured around a comparison of two basic opposites of human conduct; on the one hand, the proud man, who “is the devil's child, enwreathed in flesh” ("biþ feondes bearn / flæsce bifongen"), and, on the other hand, the virtuous man, characterised as "God’s own son" ("godes agen bearn"). 

</doc>
<doc id="20890717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890717" title="Šentožbolt">
Šentožbolt

Šentožbolt () is a settlement west of Trojane in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The settlement gets its name from the local church, dedicated to Saint Oswald.

</doc>
<doc id="20890731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890731" title="Volker Abramczik">
Volker Abramczik

Volker Abramczik (born 27 May 1964 in Gelsenkirchen) is a former German football player. The younger brother of German international Rüdiger Abramczik played during his career exclusively for sides based in the Ruhr Area.
Starting at the age of four, Volker Abramczik played for the youth sides of FC Schalke 04. In the 1981–82 season he made his professional debut for Schalke 04, which was at that time playing in the 2. Bundesliga. The then 17-year-old played a big part in Schalke's promotion to the Bundesliga (24 caps, six goals). In the following season, Abramczik only played three times and Schalke was relegated to the 2. Bundesliga. One year later, Schalke won the promotion to Bundesliga again, but Abramczik left the club for 2. Bundesliga side MSV Duisburg. After one year, he transferred to Rot-Weiss Essen where he ended his career in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20890736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890736" title="Philippe Bach">
Philippe Bach

Philippe Bach (born 1974), is a Swiss conductor and current music director of Meiningen's Hofkapelle and Theatre.
Biography.
Bach was born in Saanen, Switzerland, and studied Horn in Bern and Genève and conducting in Zürich. Philippe Bach was a Junior Fellow in Conducting at the Royal Northern College of Music in Manchester and also attended the American Academy of Conducting at the Aspen Music Festival.
In 2006, Philippe won the first prize of the Lopez Cobos International Opera Conductors Competition and was appointed assistant conductor of the Teatro Real in Madrid.
In 2008 made his début at the Hamburg State Opera conducting "Hansel and Gretel" and since then has conducted "Die Zauberflöte" and "La traviata" there. At the Teatro Real in Madrid he has conducted performances of "Madama Butterfly" and "The Barber of Seville".
In concert he has conducted the Tonhalle Orchester Zurich, Orchestra della Svizzera Italiana, Orquesta Sinfónica de Madrid, Südwestdeutsche Philharmonie, Hallé Orchestra, Royal Liverpool Philharmonic, Orchestre de Chambre de Lausanne, London Symphony (Discovery Scheme), London Philharmonic, Philharmonia (International Conductors’ Academy) and the Bournemouth Symphony Orchestras. 
In December 2007 Philippe Bach was appointed first "Kapellmeister" and "Stellvertretender Generalmusikdirektor" at the Theater Lübeck, where he conducted "Rigoletto", "Andrea Chénier", "Eugene Onegin", "Il trovatore", "Das Rheingold", and Othmar Schoeck's "Penthesilea".

</doc>
<doc id="20890746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890746" title="Islamia laiae">
Islamia laiae

Islamia laiae is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. 
Distribution.
This species occurs in Majorca.

</doc>
<doc id="20890757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890757" title="Charles R. Tanner">
Charles R. Tanner

Charles R. Tanner (February 17, 1896–1974) was an American science fiction and fantasy author who wrote in the late 1930s and early 1940s. Tanner's first short story was "The Color of Space," published in "Science Wonder Stories" in 1930. Within a few years, he created his character Tumithak, who featured in three stories published during Tanner's lifetime ("Tumithak of the Corridors", "Tumithak in Shawm", and "Tumithak and the Towers of Fire") and a fourth, ""Tumithak and the Ancient Word," published posthumously in "Black Gate".

</doc>
<doc id="20890785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890785" title="Podgora pri Zlatem Polju">
Podgora pri Zlatem Polju

Podgora pri Zlatem Polju is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Podgora" to "Podgora pri Zlatem Polju" in 1955.
Church.
The Zlato Polje parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Mary Magdalene.

</doc>
<doc id="20890797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890797" title="Keeneland Sales">
Keeneland Sales

The Keeneland Sales is an American Thoroughbred auction house in Lexington, Kentucky founded in 1935 as a nonprofit racing/auction entity on 147 acres (0.59 km2) of farmland west of Lexington, which had been owned by Jack O. Keene. A division of Keeneland Association, Inc., it holds four (previously five) annual horse auctions that attract buyers worldwide:
From 1943 to 2002, Keeneland conducted the July Selected Yearling sale. It was considered the most prestigious thoroughbred sales in the world. Numerous champions, including 11 Kentucky Derby winners, were sold here. The yearlings sold were selected by pedigree, and had to pass a physical conformation test before being allowed into the sales ring. The July sale has been canceled annually since 2003, and may be considered to be on "hiatus". When announcing changes to the format of the September Sale in March 2010, Keeneland president and CEO Nick Nicholson said consigner preference made a return of the July sale unlikely.[http://www.bloodhorse.com/horse-racing/articles/55722/keeneland-adopts-new-format-for-fall-sale]

</doc>
<doc id="20890804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890804" title="Born for Trouble">
Born for Trouble

Born for Trouble is a 1990 album by country singer Willie Nelson. It was his first release in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20890806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890806" title="Jim Hanley">
Jim Hanley

James Patrick Hanley (October 13, 1885 – May 1, 1961) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Hanley played for the New York Yankees in . In 1 career game, he had a 0-0 record, with a 2.75 ERA. His career ended abruptly when a line drive struck him in the head, leaving him partially blind. He batted right and threw left-handed.
Hanley was born in Providence, Rhode Island and died in Elmhurst, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20890811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890811" title="Anton Powolny">
Anton Powolny

Anton Powolny (born 29 August 1899) was an Austrian footballer.
Career.
Powolny made his professional debut in 1916 for Austria Vienna, before moving to SC Ober-Sankt Veit in 1921. He moved to Wiener AF in 1924, before signing with Italian side Reggiana just 6 months later. After Reggiana were relegated to Serie B, Powolny moved back to Serie A with Inter Milan, where he became the top scorer in the 1926-1927 Serie A, scoring 22 goals. He later played in Hungary with Attila FC Miskolc and Sabária SC, before returning to Austria with Wiener Sportclub in 1929. He coached Czech side RFK Reichenberg between 1931 and 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="20890827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890827" title="Remo Jacuzzi">
Remo Jacuzzi

Remo Jacuzzi is the president of Jason International Company and a third generation member of the family who founded Jacuzzi Brothers. 
Early life.
Remo Cesare Jacuzzi was born in 1936 to Valeriano and Guiseppina Jacuzzi. Remo grew up in Antioch, California and received his B.S. in Business Administration and Mechanical Engineering from the University of California at Berkeley. He went to work for Jacuzzi Brothers full-time immediately after school and worked as a sales engineer. 
Jacuzzi Brothers.
In 1968 Remo and his family moved to São Paulo, Brazil where he became president of the branch of the family company there. In 1980 Remo moved back to the U.S. and was appointed president of Jacuzzi Brothers. The headquarters at the time was in Little Rock, Arkansas. After the 1979 sale of Jacuzzi Brothers by the family to a corporate conglomerate, Walter Kidde, Inc., Remo decided to start his own business.
Jason International.
In 1982 Remo founded Jason International, with the headquarters and manufacturing facilities in southwest Little Rock. Remo and his wife, Paula, have six children, three of whom work at Jason International.
"Spirit, Wind & Water" was written and published by Remo in 2007, chronicling his family history and the history of Jacuzzi Brothers.
In 2008, Remo Jacuzzi was honored by being inducted into the Haas School of Business Hall of Fame at the University of California, Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="20890831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890831" title="Igor Barukčić">
Igor Barukčić

Igor Barukčić (born 5 April 1982 in Zagreb) is a Croatian footballer who plays for HNK Gorica in the Druga HNL.
Barukčić had a spell in the German 2. Bundesliga with Eintracht Braunschweig during the 2006–07 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20890833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890833" title="Pseudamnicola meloussensis">
Pseudamnicola meloussensis

Pseudamnicola meloussensis is a species of small brackish watersnails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs on the Mediterranean island of Majorca.

</doc>
<doc id="20890836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890836" title="Rowley Thomas">
Rowley Thomas

Rowland 'Rowley' Lewis Thomas (7 November 1863 – 21 January 1949) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for London Welsh, of whom he was a founding member, and county rugby for Middlesex. Thomas played international rugby for Wales and was capped seven times.
Rugby career.
Thomas played rugby for several teams throughout his playing career, including Llanelli and University College Hospital, but it his time with London Welsh that brought him to the attention of the international selectors. Thomas was part of a group of like-minded Welsh sportsmen, based in London, that decide to create their own club. In 1885 Thomas was one of the founding members of London Welsh, becoming a member of the committee. In September of the same year, Thomas was selected as part of the very first London Welsh team against London Scottish, alongside Welsh internationals Arthur Gould and Martyn Jordan. During the 1889/90 season, Thomas was given the captaincy of London Welsh and saw the club's first ever visiting Welsh team, when the club welcomed Llanelli in 1889.
In 1889 Thomas was first selected to represent Wales in a match against Scotland, as part of the Home Nations Championship. Under the captaincy of Frank Hill, Wales lost the game by two tries to nil. Thomas played in the very next game of the tournament to Ireland which ended in another Welsh loss to an identical score line as the Scotland game. Thomas played just one game in the next year's Championship, an away draw to Ireland. The 1891 tournament saw Thomas selected for all three matches, including his first game against England. During the tournament, Thomas switched from London Welsh to Llanelli, and played his final three international matches while representing the South Wales club. His final game was in 1892 against England which saw Wales beaten comprehensively.
International matches played.
Wales (rugby union)
Personal life.
Thomas was educated at Llandovery College in Wales but studied medicine in London. He was seen as considerable all-round sportsman, and was an excellent shot, proficient horseman and keen angler. During World War I, Thomas served his country as a medical officer in the Welsh Horse Cavalry Regiment, based in Egypt. Thomas was a medical coroner for West Carmarthenshire for 24 years. 
He was also a leading member of the Carmarthenshire Hunt, and at his funeral his hunting clothes and boots were placed alongside him in his coffin. Thomas was also a descendent of Daniel Rowland the Methodist cleric.

</doc>
<doc id="20890838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890838" title="Poljane nad Blagovico">
Poljane nad Blagovico

Poljane nad Blagovico is a small settlement in the hills north of Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Poljane" to "Poljane nad Blagovico" in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20890849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890849" title="Harry Hanson">
Harry Hanson

Harry Francis Hanson (January 17, 1896 – October 6, 1966) was a Major League Baseball catcher. Hanley played for the New York Yankees in . In 1 career game, he had no hits in 2 at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed.
Hanson was born in Elgin, Illinois and died in Savannah, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="20890850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890850" title="Terry Bradway">
Terry Bradway

Robert Terrence Bradway is the former General Manager of the New York Jets.
Bradway worked in the personnel department for the Kansas City Chiefs prior to being hired as general manager of the Jets in 2001, and served in that capacity until his resignation in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20890862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890862" title="George Hollis (footballer)">
George Hollis (footballer)

George Hollis (1869 – after 1897) was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Born in Kenilworth, Warwickshire, Hollis deputised as Small Heath's goalkeeper for England international Chris Charsley, an amateur whose career in the Birmingham City Police entailed his frequent absence from footballing duties. He made 49 appearances in all senior competitions, including 17 in Small Heath's last season in the Football Alliance and 31 in their first two seasons in the Football League. In 1894, Hollis's amateur status was reinstated and he joined Bournbrook F.C., retiring from the game in 1897.
Honours.
with Small Heath

</doc>
<doc id="20890866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890866" title="Paddypower.com Future Champions Novice Hurdle">
Paddypower.com Future Champions Novice Hurdle

The Future Champions Novice Hurdle is a Grade 1 National Hunt race in Ireland. It is run at Leopardstown Racecourse at the end of December during the Christmas Festival, over a distance of 2 miles. 
The race was originally run over 2 miles and 2 furlongs, before being run over the present distance from 1997 onwards. It was awarded Grade 1 status in 2004 and is seen as a key race prior to the Cheltenham Festival in March. The race is currently sponsored by the Paddy Power bookmaking company.

</doc>
<doc id="20890880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890880" title="Preserje pri Zlatem Polju">
Preserje pri Zlatem Polju

Preserje pri Zlatem Polju () is a small settlement in the hills north of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20890888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890888" title="Andrew Brown (writer)">
Andrew Brown (writer)

Andrew Brown (born 1955 in London) is a British journalist, writer, and editor. He has worked as the editor for the "Belief" section of the "Guardian"'s Comment is Free and also works as the press columnist of the Church Times. Brown has also written four books and has contributed to various sources which include the "New Statesman" and the "New York Review of Books".

</doc>
<doc id="20890902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890902" title="Burt Hart">
Burt Hart

James Burton (Burt) Hart (June 28, 1870 – January 29, 1921) was a Major League Baseball first baseman. Hart played for the Baltimore Orioles in . In 58 career games, he had 64 hits in 206 at-bats, with 23 RBIs. He batted right and left-handed.
Hart was born in Brown County, Minnesota, and died in Sacramento, California.
On August 5, 1901 Hart punched umpire John Haskell after being called out at third base. American League president Ban Johnson suspends Hart as result of the incident:
"This is the first time a player in the American League has struck an umpire‚ and it is an offense that cannot be overlooked."
Hart will never appear in another Major League game.

</doc>
<doc id="20890907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890907" title="Cognitive epidemiology">
Cognitive epidemiology

Cognitive epidemiology is a field of research that examines the associations between intelligence test scores (IQ scores or extracted "g"-factors) and health, more specifically morbidity (mental and physical) and mortality. Typically, test scores are obtained at an early age, and compared to later morbidity and mortality. In addition to exploring and establishing these associations, cognitive epidemiology seeks to understand causal relationships between intelligence and health outcomes. Researchers in the field argue that intelligence measured at an early age is an important predictor of later health and mortality differences.
Overall mortality and morbidity.
A strong inverse correlation between early life intelligence and mortality has been shown across different populations, in different countries, and in different epochs." Various explanations for these findings have been proposed:
"First, ...intelligence is associated with more education, and thereafter with more professional occupations
that might place the person in healthier environments. ...Second, people with higher intelligence might engage in more healthy behaviours. ...Third, mental test scores from early life might act as a record of insults to the brain that have occurred before that date. ...Fourth, mental test scores obtained in youth might be an indicator of a well-put-together system. It is hypothesized that a well-wired body is more able to respond effectively to environmental insults..."
A study of one million Swedish men found showed "a strong link between cognitive ability and the risk of death."
A similar study of 4,289 former US soldiers showed a similar relationship between IQ and mortality.
The strong correlation between intelligence and mortality has raised questions as to how better public education could delay mortality.
There is a known inverse correlation between socioeconomic position and health. A 2006 study found that controlling for IQ caused a marked reduction in this association.
Research in Scotland has shown that a 15-point lower IQ meant people had a fifth less chance of seeing their 76th birthday, while those with a 30-point disadvantage were 37% less likely than those with a higher IQ to live that long.
Coronary heart disease.
Among the findings of cognitive epidemiology is that men with a higher IQ have less risk of dying from coronary heart disease. The association is attenuated, but not removed, when controlling for socio-economic variables, such as educational attainment or income. This suggests that IQ may be an independent risk factor for mortality.
Psychiatric.
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, severe depression, and schizophrenia are less prevalent in higher IQ bands. On the other hand, higher IQ persons show a higher prevalence of Obsessive Compulsive Disorder.
The "Archive of General Psychiatry" published a longitudinal study of a randomly selected sample of 713 study participants (336 boys and 377 girls), from both urban and suburban settings. Of that group, nearly 76 percent had suffered through at least one traumatic event. Those participants were assessed at age 6 years and followed up to age 17 years. In that group of children, those with an IQ above 115 were significantly less likely to have Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder as a result of the trauma, less likely to display behavioral problems, and less likely to experience a trauma. The low incidence of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder among children with higher IQs was true even if the child grew up in an urban environment (where trauma averaged three times the rate of the suburb), or had behavioral problems.
Dementia.
A decrease in IQ has also been shown as an early predictor of late-onset Alzheimer's Disease and other forms of dementia. In a 2004 study, Cervilla and colleagues showed that tests of cognitive ability provide useful predictive information up to a decade before the onset of dementia.
However, when diagnosing individuals with a higher level of cognitive ability, a study of those with IQ's of 120 or more,
patients should not be diagnosed from the standard norm but from an adjusted high-IQ norm that measured changes against the individual's higher ability level.
In 2000, Whalley and colleagues published a paper in the journal "Neurology", which examined links between childhood mental ability and late-onset dementia. The study showed that mental ability scores were significantly lower in children who eventually developed late-onset dementia when compared with other children tested.
Behavior.
In terms of the effect of one's intelligence on health, in one British study, high childhood IQ was shown to correlate with one's chance of becoming a vegetarian in adulthood. In another British study, high childhood IQ was shown to inversely correlate with the chances of smoking.
A study of 11,282 individuals in Scotland who took intelligence tests at ages 7, 9 and 11 in the 1950s and 1960s, found an "inverse linear association" between childhood intelligence and hospital admissions for injuries in adulthood. The association between childhood IQ and the risk of later injury remained even after accounting for factors such as the child's socioeconomic background.
Proposed general fitness factor of both cognitive ability and health, the "f"-factor.
Because of the above mentioned findings, some researchers have proposed a general factor of fitness analogous to the g-factor for general mental ability/intelligence. This factor is supposed to combine fertility factors, health factors, and the g-factor. For instance, one study found a small but significant correlation between three measures of sperm quality and intelligence.

</doc>
<doc id="20890911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890911" title="Preserje pri Lukovici">
Preserje pri Lukovici

Preserje pri Lukovici () is a settlement south of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Preserje" to "Preserje pri Lukovici" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20890917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20890917" title="List of Kent County Cricket Club seasons">
List of Kent County Cricket Club seasons

This is a list of seasons played by Kent County Cricket Club in English cricket, from the club's formation to the most recent completed season. It details the club's achievements in major competitions, and the top run-scorers and wicket-takers for each season.
Key.
Division shown in bold when it changes due to promotion, relegation or league reorganisation. Top run scorer/wicket taker shown in bold when he was the leading run scorer/wicket taker in the country.
Key to league record:<br>
Div - division played in<br>
P – games played<br>
W – games won<br>
L – games lost<br>
D – games drawn<br>
NR – games with no result<br>
Abnd – games abandoned<br>
Pts – points<br>
Pos – final position<br>
Key to rounds:<br>
RPre - preliminary round<br>
R1 – first round<br>
R2 – second round, etc.<br>
QF – quarter-final<br>
SF – semi-final<br>
Grp – group stage<br>
RU - runners-up<br>
n/a – not applicable
A. The National League competition did not start until the 1969 season.<br />
B. The Friends Provident Trophy competition did not start until the 1963 season.
C. The Benson & Hedges Cup competition did not start until the 1972 season, and ran until 2002.
D. The Twenty20 Cup competition did not start until the 2003 season.
E. In County Championship matches only.
F. The County Championship was split into two divisions in 2000.
G. The National League was split into two divisions in 1999.
H. Kent's match with Middlesex, due to start on 2 September 1939, was cancelled due to the outbreak of the Second World War.
I. Kent won the 1976 John Player League on average run rate, having tied on points with four other counties.
J. The 1977 County Championship title was shared between Kent and Middlesex.
K. Kent won the title ahead of Warwickshire on runs per 100 balls, after tying on points and number of games won.
L. Kent's draw with Somerset on 20–23 August 1997 finished with the scores level. As Kent were batting last, the rules during the 1997 season awarded the county eight points (plus bonus points) instead of the usual three (plus bonus points).
M. Owing to the 1999 Cricket World Cup, the Benson & Hedges Cup was replaced by the Benson & Hedges Super Cup, which featured the top eight teams from the 1998 County Championship. Kent, having finished 11th, did not qualify.
N. Kent's match against Worcestershire at New Road was abandoned without a ball bowled due to the 2007 United Kingdom floods.

</doc>
