<doc id="20915498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915498" title="Ateneo Art Gallery">
Ateneo Art Gallery

The Ateneo Art Gallery is a museum of modern art of the Ateneo de Manila University. It is the first of its kind in the Philippines. It is housed on the ground floor of the Rizal Library main building. It serves as an art resource for the university community and the general public as well. The present Director and Chief Curator of the gallery is Ramón E. S. Lerma.
Collection.
The Ateneo Art Gallery holds over 500 artworks that include paintings, prints, drawings, sculptures, photographs and posters. The collection traces its roots to the late Fernando Zóbel (1924–1984). Painter, art scholar and teacher at the Ateneo, Zóbel donated over 200 artworks to form a study collection for university students. First housed in Bellarmine Hall in 1961, it moved to the ground floor of Rizal Library in 1967, where it has remained since.
The Gallery's fine prints and drawings consist of over 300 works by local and international artists from the Renaissance to the present. The etchings, engravings, woodcuts, lithographs and other graphic-arts media represent over 80 artists, including Rembrandt, Goya, Delacroix, Toulouse-Lautrec, Picasso, and Juvenal Sansó.
While the Fernando Zóbel bequest includes works of an earlier generation—notably Fernando Amorsolo and Fabian de la Rosa—it consists of paintings mostly by key postwar modernists, especially those who had exhibited in the now legendary Philippine Art Gallery of the 1950s and 60s. These include Vicente Manansala, Hernando Ocampo, Anita Magsaysay-Ho, Arturo Luz, Cesar Legaspi, Napoleon Abueva, Ang Kiukok, Jerry Elizalde Navarro, and David Medalla.
Through the years, other philanthropists and artists followed Zóbel's initiative to donate works of art to the Gallery, filling gaps in the collection with characteristic pieces by Diosdado Lorenzo, Galo B. Ocampo and Nena Saguil, among others.
The Gallery is renowned for having the country's most comprehensive collection of works by the social realists of the 1970s and 80s. It also has an active acquisition program to represent key examples of today's postmodern hybrid tendencies in the permanent collection. Contemporary artists represented include Edgar Talusan Fernández, Antipas Delotavo, José Tence Ruiz, Impy Pilapil, Julie Lluch, Anna Fer, Imelda Cajipe-Endaya, Brenda Fajardo, Mark Justiniani, and Alfredo Esquillo.

</doc>
<doc id="20915500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915500" title="Pauline Robertson">
Pauline Robertson

Pauline Judith Robertson-Stott (born 28 December 1968) is a retired female field hockey player from Scotland. She represented Great Britain in two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996 when she captained the team that ended up in fourth place.

</doc>
<doc id="20915508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915508" title="John Bannerman (historian)">
John Bannerman (historian)

John Walter MacDonald Bannerman (13 August 1932 – 8 October 2008) was a Scottish historian, noted for his work on Gaelic Scotland.
He was born in Balmaha, Stirlingshire, the son of John MacDonald Bannerman, later Lord Bannerman of Kildonan, and his wife Ray Mundell. His family were native speakers of Scottish Gaelic, and Bannerman studied Celtic languages at Glasgow University and completed his doctorate at Cambridge University, where he was taught by Kathleen Hughes. 
Although he considered teaching Gaelic in schools, Bannerman instead took up a post at the Celtic department of Aberdeen University before joining the history department at Edinburgh University in 1967. He took over the running of the family farm at Balmaha in 1968, shortly before his father's death, dividing his time between teaching at Edinburgh, writing and farming. 
His work on Gaelic Scotland was influential. His early works on Dál Riata, the Senchus fer n-Alban and the Iona chronicles which formed part of the later "Chronicle of Ireland" are contained in his 1974 book "Studies in the History of Dalriada". He was a major contributor to the record of "Late Medieval Monumental Sculpture in the West Highland" published in 1977 and his study of the Beaton family—"The Beatons: Medical Kindred in the Classical Gaelic Tradition"—appeared in 1986. In his latter years he worked on the history of the Lordship of the Isles. He retired from teaching in 1997 and took up farming full-time at Balmaha.
Bannerman married Chrissie Dick in 1959. They had five children.

</doc>
<doc id="20915542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915542" title="Brian Ackland-Snow">
Brian Ackland-Snow

Brian Ackland-Snow (31 March 1940 – 30 March 2013) was an English production designer. He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "A Room with a View".

</doc>
<doc id="20915552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915552" title="Frederick B. Williams">
Frederick B. Williams

Frederick Boyd Williams (23 April 1939 – 4 April 2006) was a religious leader of national importance in the United States. As Canon of the Church of the Intercession in Harlem, New York from 1971 to 2005, he led an influential congregation, the first in the nation to establish a programmatic response to AIDS. A patron of the arts, he provided the first home for the Boys Choir of Harlem. He was a co-founder of the Harlem Congregations for Community Improvement (HCCI), which coordinated 90 congregations to develop 2000 units of housing and retail space. While earning a doctorate from Colgate Rochester Divinity School, he led a congregation that worked for civil rights and social justice, both in the United States and Africa. 
Early life and education.
Born 23 April 1939 in Chattanooga, Tennessee, Williams grew up in the South. He earned a bachelor's degree at Morehouse College, a historically black college in Atlanta, Georgia. He earned a second bachelor's degree at General Theological Seminary in New York. Later he earned a doctorate from Colgate Rochester Divinity School.
Career.
Williams was one of a generation of activist ministers who were important in New York. He started as a parish priest in Washington, DC and Inkster, Michigan.
From 1971-2005, Williams led as Vicar and Rector at the Church of the Intercession, an Episcopal church in Harlem, New York at the border of Washington Heights. His leadership brought the church to deal with new issues of the AIDS crisis, as well as longstanding issues in community development, social justice and international actions in Africa.
In 1985 Williams invited 50 black ministers to a conference about AIDS; only 15 came, showing people's reluctance then to deal with the disease. After that he led the church as the first in creating programs of outreach and pastoral care. He supported Pernessa C. Seele in 1989 as she launched the Harlem Week of Prayer with 50 churches, mosques and synagogues to support people with AIDS and their families. Williams became the chair of the National Clergy Advisory Committee of the Harlem Week of Prayer (the Balm in Gilead, Inc.) and served for 10 years. He served for 10 years. The Week of Prayer was developed around reaching out to people with AIDS and their families and friends. 
Dr. Williams also led efforts for affordable housing and community development. In 1986 together with Dr. Preston Washington of Memorial Baptist Church, Williams co-founded and chaired the Harlem Congregations for Community Improvement, Inc. (HCCI). It grew to be a consortium of 90 congregations that developed nearly 2000 units of housing and 40 commercial spaces, including one of Harlem's first large supermarkets. In addition to putting together financing and development packages, the consortium established training for people in construction crafts and design. 
Williams encouraged local arts groups, helping the Boys Choir of Harlem by allowing them to use the Church of the Intercession as their first performance space and base of operations. Williams led a variety of efforts for social justice; he was active in supporting African liberation and anti-apartheid efforts.
In 1988 with Rev. Dr. Wyatt Tee Walker of Canaan Baptist Church in Harlem, Williams co-founded the Religious Action Network (RAN) of the American Committee on Africa (ACOA) (since 2001 called Africa Action.) This was during the height of the anti-apartheid struggle in South Africa. Through his work, Williams became a friend of Bishop Desmond Tutu of South Africa, who sometimes officiated at the Church of the Intercession on his visits to the United States. RAN is a network of over 300 congregations throughout the U.S. that continues to provide prophetic witness to issues in Africa and to influence US policies toward nations there.
Death.
On 4 April 2006 Williams suffered a fatal heart attack. He was survived by a godson and several cousins.

</doc>
<doc id="20915553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915553" title="Kalooki">
Kalooki

Kalooki (Jamaican Rummy) or "Kaluki", is a version of Contract Rummy which is very popular in Jamaica. A version called "Super Kalooki" is played in tournaments while a version called "Baby Kalooki" is often played with children or for purposes of teaching the game. There are a few variations of the game described in books and on the internet. This article gives the basic accepted tournament rules and some popular home variations.
Players and cards.
There are usually three to eight players; tournaments are played with four players at each table. Two or more packs of cards are used, depending on the number of players.
The object of the game is to go out by laying down all of your cards. The point values of the cards left in a player's hand when someone goes out are:
Sets.
A "3" is a set of three or more cards of the same rank, such as 5-5-5 or K-K-K-K-K. The suits of the cards do not matter and duplicates are allowed.
A "4" is a run of four or more consecutive cards in the same suit, such as spade7-spade8-spade9-spade10-spadeJ. Aces can be high or low, regardless of their point value, but they cannot be in the middle of a run, so A-2-3-4 and J-Q-K-A are valid, but Q-K-A-2-3 is not. 
When more than one "4" is put down by one player, they must be of different suits, and when more than one "3" is put down by one player, they must be of different ranks. In games where three sets of "4" are required a full suit can be used to substitute.
Jokers can be used as wild cards to substitute for any card with the following restrictions:
Jokers cannot be removed from their set. However, when a joker is used in a "4" it can be moved up, in that set, by the holder of the real card that it represents (see tacking below), provided that two jokers do not end up side by side. Once a joker moves as far up in a set as it can go it can no longer move. A player may not add jokers to sets laid by other players. They may only place jokers on their own sets.
Deal and contracts.
Players take turns to deal the cards. Nine hands (deals) make up a game, and the winner is the player who has the lowest cumulative score at the end of the game. The cards are dealt out one at a time. The number of cards dealt to each player depends on the hand being played as shown in the table below. After all players have been dealt their cards, the next card is turned face up to start the discards pile, and the remaining undealt cards are stacked face down beside it to form the stock.
In each hand, there is a contract or quota of 3s and 4s that a player must lay down:
Some players deal 12 cards each in the first three hands, rather than 9, 10 and 11. In some circles hands 1-4 are referred to as the Kalooki game while hands 5-9 are referred to as Super Kalooki. Most people play Kalooki as hands 1-9.
Baby Kalooki hands and contracts are:
Some players deal 8 cards for each hand of Baby Kalooki.
Play.
The player to the dealer's left begins and the turn to play passes clockwise. A player's turn consists of:
Calling.
If you have not yet laid down any cards, and you want to take a card discarded by another player when it is not your turn to play next, you can call the card by saying (or shouting) "CALL". The player whose turn it is to play has two options:
Calling is subject to the following rules:
Laying.
The first cards you lay down must satisfy the contract for the game being played. You place these cards face up in front of you, where they stay for the rest of the hand. If there are other sets on the table you may tack on cards as appropriate (see tacking below) and then discard as usual. 
A player who has laid down is no longer allowed to take cards from the discard pile. When you have laid down you can no longer call for a discard, and in your turn you must draw from the stock. If another player calls in your turn, you must allow the call, unless you have already cleared the stock with your pluck, in which case the discarded card is dead.
It is common in many game versions that the initial lay down of a player is based on point value. Commonly, in many versions of the game, a minimum of thirty or forty (30 or 40) card points are needed for the initial lay down. For example, if the game requires a minimum of 30 card points, then three (3) face cards (each having a value of 10 points) would allow a player to lay down on their initial lay down. The same player holding three (3) sevens (7's) would not be eligible to an initial lay down, as the total card points for an initial lay down is only twenty-one (21). This same player would need to create a minimum of nine (9) more points of card value for an initial lay down. These minimum points must all come from the plays hand, as it is not legal pay to add an additional card to other players lay down to achieve the players initial point requirement to lay down. This style of play can enhance the game, as it often forces players to pick up additional cards that can be used to lay down in later play of the game. 
It should be noted that these rules of minimum lay down point requirements are very common in Rummy Q, or Rummy Tile, where tiles, representing cards of play are used in game play. Additionally, and for reference only, Kolluki, Rummy Q, or Rummy Tile are almost identical in rules and play. The major difference is that in Rummy Q or Rummy Tile, the face cards are represented as eleven, twelve, and thirteen) 11, 12, and 13, versus cards, which are represented as Jack, Queen, and King. There are no aces in Rummy Q, or Rummy Tile, but it is represented by the number one (1). As in Killuki, depending on table rules, the ace or the one (1) can be used either high or low, or simply as a low card.
Tacking.
After laying down the contracted sets, you are allowed to lay down additional appropriate cards to any of the sets laid on the table, in the same turn, or in later turns of the same hand. This is called tacking on or laying off. Further cards of the same rank can be tacked onto a "3". A "4" can be extended by tacking on the next higher or lower card in sequence. When the suit is complete no further tacking is possible.
Jokers can only be tacked on a player's own laid sets.
No player may tack cards until they have laid their contract.
Discarding.
Jokers cannot be discarded, but apart from that there is no restriction on what card you may discard from your hand at the end of your turn. It is legal to discard a card that could be tacked onto a set on the table, and it is legal to discard the same card that you just picked up, if you find it is in your interest to do so.
It sometimes happens that the entire stock is used up before any player has gone out. If this happens, the discard pile, except for its top card, is reshuffled and placed face down to form a new stock. Play continues as before. If the stock runs out a second time, which may happen if players are holding back the key cards needed by others to lay down their contracts, the play ends with no score. All the cards are thrown in, shuffled and dealt again by the same dealer and the play is restarted (playing for the same contract).
Scoring.
As soon as a player goes out by getting rid of all their cards, the hand ends. The other players count the total value of the cards they have in their hands (see above) and add the result to their cumulative point total.
If the first player laying manages to go out on the same turn that they first lay down cards, this is known as bending the table or down and out, and the other players score double points for that game, known as being doubled up.
At the end of nine hands, the player who has the lowest cumulative score is the winner.
Penalties.
It sometimes happens that a player will carelessly, or calculatingly, call more than three times in one hand. This can be verified by counting the cards that the player is holding. Another player may challenge this over-caller, before the over-caller begins their play to lay their cards. If over-calling is discovered the player is given 50 points for each over-call, or alternatively is not permitted to lay until all the other players have laid their hands. If the challenger is wrong they receive a 50 point penalty. Once a player has begun to lay their cards they cannot be challenged for an over-call.
If a player lays incorrectly and is discovered before their discard, they are required to pick up the hand and take a 50 point penalty, unless they are able to rearrange the hand successfully to complete the contract. If an incorrect lay is discovered after the discard it remains and there is no penalty.
If a player fails to begin their play with a pluck or end their play with a discard, including when laying their hand, there is a 50 point penalty.
Some other infractions which may incur 50 point penalties (according to house rules):
Bonuses.
If the dealer of a hand can successfully cut exactly the correct number of cards to be dealt for that hand, they receive a -50 point bonus.

</doc>
<doc id="20915556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915556" title="Relationships among probability distributions">
Relationships among probability distributions

In probability theory and statistics, there are several relationships among probability distributions. These relations can be categorized in the following groups: 
Transform of a variable.
Multiple of a random variable.
Multiplying the variable by any positive real constant yields a scaling of the original distribution.
Some are self-replicating, meaning that the scaling yields the same family of distributions, albeit with a different parameter:
Normal distribution, Gamma distribution, Cauchy distribution, Exponential distribution, Erlang distribution, Weibull distribution, Logistic distribution, Error distribution, Power distribution, Rayleigh distribution.
Example: 
Linear function of a random variable.
The affine transfom "ax + b" yields a relocation and scaling of the original distribution. The following are self-replicating:
Normal distribution, Cauchy distribution, Logistic distribution, Error distribution, Power distribution, Rayleigh distribution.
Example: 
Reciprocal of a random variable.
The reciprocal "1/X" of a random variable "X", is a member of the same family of distribution as "X", in the following cases:
Cauchy distribution, F distribution, log logistic distribution.
Examples: 
Other cases.
Some distributions are invariant under a specific transformation.
Example: 
Functions of several variables.
Sum of variables.
The distribution of the sum of independent random variables is called the convolution of the primal distribution.
Examples of such univariate distributions are:
Normal distribution, Poisson distribution, Binomial distribution (with common success probability), Negative binomial distribution (with common success probability), Gamma distribution(with common rate parameter), Chi-squared distribution, Cauchy distribution, Hyper-exponential distribution.
Examples:
Other distributions are not closed under convolution, but their sum has a known distribution:
Product of variables.
The product of independent random variables "X" and "Y" may belong to the same family of distribution as "X" and "Y":
Bernoulli distribution and Log-normal distribution.
Example: 
Minimum and maximum of independent random variables.
For some distributions, the minimum value of several independent random variables is a member of the same family, with different parameters:
Bernoulli distribution, Geometric distribution, Exponential distribution, Extreme value distribution, Pareto distribution, Rayleigh distribution, Weibull distribution.
Examples: 
Similarly, distributions for which the maximum value of several independent random variables is a member of the same family of distribution include:
Bernoulli distribution, Power distribution.
Approximate (limit) relationships.
Approximate or limit relationship means
Combination of "iid" random variables: 
Special case of distribution parametrization: 
Consequences of the CLT:
Compound (or Bayesian) relationships.
When one or more parameter(s) of a distribution are random variables, the compound distribution is the marginal distribution of the variable.
Examples: 
Some distributions have been specially named as compounds:
Beta-Binomial distribution, Beta-Pascal distribution, Gamma-Normal distribution.
Examples: 

</doc>
<doc id="20915561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915561" title="Iolani Luahine Hula Festival">
Iolani Luahine Hula Festival

The Iolani Luahine Hula Festival was established in 2003 with the goal of perpetuating the hula, and in memory of 'Iolani Luahine, a great hula dancer and teacher of the mid-20th century.
It is held in Kailua Kona, on Luahine’s native Big Island of Hawaii, and draws international as well as local participants. A scholarship is awarded to one of the participants to enable them to continue their study of hula.
References.
http://www.limahula.com/iolani.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20915565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915565" title="Vadivel Nimalarajah">
Vadivel Nimalarajah

Vadivel Nimalarajah is a minority Sri Lankan Tamil proof reader for the newspaper Uthayan in Jaffna. He has been missing after being abducted on November 17, 2007 after working overnight in the Uthayan newspaper office. Uthayan has been specifically targeted for its independent reporting by the Sri Lankan military and the paramilitary group EPDP.
Background.
This incident is part of acts of violence and intimidation against journalists and human rights activists taking place in areas controlled by the Sri Lankan government. Vadivel Nimalarajah was abducted by a paramilitary allied with the Sri Lankan Army earlier two journalists of Uthayan were killed after a cartoon mocking Douglas Devananda. His disappearance is part of a series of disappearances of Tamils in Jaffna which is under Army control.
Incident and reaction.
Vadivel Nimalarajah disappeared on November 17, 2007 after working overnight in the Uthayan newspaper office in what is termed as an enforced disappearance by human rights groups.
A journalist working for Agence France-Presse describing the situation in Jaffna as terrible said 

</doc>
<doc id="20915566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915566" title="Steve Ojomoh">
Steve Ojomoh

Stephen Oziegebe Ojomoh, known as Steve Ojomoh (born Benin City, 25 May 1970), is a Nigerian-born English former rugby union footballer and a current coach. He played as a flanker.
He played for Moseley Rugby Football Club, Bath Rugby, and Gloucester Rugby in England, Overmach Parma in Italy, and Newport RFC in Wales.
Ojomoh had 12 caps for the England national team from 1994 to 1998, without ever scoring. He played at the Five Nations in 1994, 1995 and 1996. He was also present at the 1995 Rugby World Cup finals, where England reached the 4th place, playing four matches.
After ending his player career, he become a coach. He currently manages Trowbridge RFC who are in the southern counties league.

</doc>
<doc id="20915567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915567" title="Salvia eigii">
Salvia eigii

Salvia eigii is a herbaceous perennial native to Israel. The plant grows in a clump 30 cm high by 60 cm wide, with dark green leaves, the largest of which grow up to 30 cm long and 20 cm wide. The flower stalk grows up to 1 m high, with several 20-30 cm inflorescences which hold flowers growing in whorls. The flower's upper lip is purple, the lower lip is pink, with ruby lines going into the throat. The calyx is a prominent ruby color. "Salvia eigii" is named after the botanist Alexander Eig.
External links.
USDA Plants Profile

</doc>
<doc id="20915573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915573" title="Brian Savegar">
Brian Savegar

Brian Savegar (24 August 1932 – 31 March 2007) was a production designer in the film and TV industry. He won an Academy Award in 1986 in the category Best Art Direction for the film "A Room with a View".
Early years.
Born and raised in Abergavenny with his younger sister Pat, he was encouraged to be musical by his parents, Gwen and Archie, who both loved jazz. Despite Archie being an amateur drummer, Brian took up the trumpet and learned to play at an early age. While studying Fine Art at the Cardiff College of Art, he was good enough to play trumpet semi-professionally, performing with local jazz bands in and around Cardiff and Bristol, including a brief membership of the fledgling Acker Bilk Bristol Paramount Jazz Band.
His skills as a graphic artist were developed when he worked as an Art Editor and Designer before joining the film industry in 1962, when it became apparent that he had to decide whether to earn a living in an artistic occupation or as a muscian playing jazz. He moved to Cookham, near Maidenhead, in the early '60s while working in various UK film production and design roles at Shepperton and Pinewood Studios. During this time he was a member of Thames Valley Rugby Club playing for the first XV. He also developed a keen interest in vintage cars and at one time owned an Invicta among other vehicles.
In the early seventies he decamped to Ferney Voltaire on the French-Swiss border, after his wife Sarah had been offered a job with a UN agency in Geneva. After some anticipated corporate film projects failed to materialize, he spent most of his time renovating an old property in the Pays de Gex commune and propping up various bars in Ferney.
Film success.
After his marriage failed in the late 1970s, he reactivated his network of film contacts and this led to a job offer on a documentary film that was being made in Canada. From there he moved back into the mainstream film and TV industry where he enjoyed considerable success over the next 20 years. He split his time principally between the UK and New Orleans where he worked on both TV and film projects. The pinnacle of his success was achieved in 1986 when he jointly won the Oscar with Elio Altramura for Set Design & Art Direction on the Merchant Ivory production of "A Room with a View". The Oscar was presented to him by Isabella Rossellini and Christopher Reeve at the 59th Academy Awards ceremony on March 30, 1987 and he publicly thanked James Ivory from the podium. The competing nominations in that year were "Aliens", "The Mission", "The Colour of Money" and "Hannah and her Sisters". He also won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Art Direction for a Series on Dinosaurs for the episode "The Mating Dance". He was also a member of the Art Directors Branch of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Final years.
Following his new-found success in films and TV, he bought himself a home in the southern French village of Roumoules in Provence. He was diagnosed with diabetes in 1989 and this led him to gradually reduce his workload during the late 1990s and to spend more time at his home in France. He took up his trumpet playing again and would perform with local and visiting jazz musicians. He succumbed to the condition on 31 March 2007, aged 74.

</doc>
<doc id="20915578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915578" title="Kim Acourt">
Kim Acourt

Kim Acourt (born 11 November 1988) is an English glamour model. She began her modelling career when she entered the "Page 3" Idol contest ("Sun" newspaper) in 2007, where she got to the final six. Her career took off from there, and she was soon in demand for the tabloid newspapers and lads' mags, such as "Loaded" and "Zoo Weekly". She also won the inaugural Miss Monkey magazine competition in 2008.
Career.
Kim now appears in the "Daily Star" as a "Star Babe", has featured three times in "Playboy" magazine (under the name "Jamie Anderson") and is a Playboy UK Cybergirl.

</doc>
<doc id="20915584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915584" title="Tim Dowling">
Tim Dowling

Tim Dowling (born 1963, Connecticut, USA) is a journalist and author. Dowling moved to the UK at the age of 27 and currently lives in London with his wife and three children. 
Dowling is a columnist for "The Guardian" and has a weekly column in the paper's Saturday magazine, "Weekend". He has published two books, "Suspicious Packages and Extendable Arms", a collection of his writing from "The Guardian", and "The Giles Wareing Haters' Club", a novel concerning a journalist who searches for his name on Google and finds an online club of people who hate him. The book was inspired by Dowling's own experiences in searching for mentions of his name online.
He is a member of the band Police Dog Hogan, & writes about their festival gigs in his column.

</doc>
<doc id="20915608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915608" title="R. Sampanthan">
R. Sampanthan

Rajavarothiam Sampanthan (; born 5 February 1933) is a leading Sri Lankan Tamil politician, Member of Parliament and leader of the Tamil National Alliance and Illankai Tamil Arasu Kachchi.
Early life.
Sampanthan was born 5 February 1933. He was the son of A. Rajavarothiam, Superintendent of Stores at the Gal Oya Project. He was educated at St. Patrick's College, Jaffna and St. Sebastian's College, Moratuwa. He later studied at Ceylon Law College. After graduation he joined the legal profession, becoming an attorney at law.
Sampanthan married Leeladevi, daughter of P. K. Rudra. They have two sons (Sanjeevan and Senthuran) and one daughter (Krishanthini).
Political career.
Sampanthan was the Tamil United Liberation Front's candidate for Trincomalee at the 1977 parliamentary election. He won the election and entered Parliament. Sampanthan and all other TULF MPs boycotted Parliament from the middle of 1983 for a number of reasons: they were under pressure from Sri Lankan Tamil militants not to stay in Parliament beyond their normal six-year term; the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of Sri Lanka required them to swear an oath unconditionally renouncing support for a separate state; and the Black July riots in which up to 3,000 Tamils were murdered by Sinhalese mobs. After three months of absence, Sampanthan forfeited his seat in Parliament on 7 September 1983.
In 2001 the TULF, All Ceylon Tamil Congress, Eelam People's Revolutionary Liberation Front and Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization formed the Tamil National Alliance (TNA). Sampanthan became the leader of the TNA. Sampanthan was one of the TNA's candidates in Trincomalee at the 2001 parliamentary election. He was elected and re-entered Parliament after an absence of 18 years. 
Soon after its formation the TNA began to make a more pro-Tamil Tiger stance, recognising the Tigers as the sole representative of the Sri Lankan Tamils. This caused a split within the TULF. Some members of the TULF, led by its president V. Anandasangaree, were opposed to the Tigers. Anandasangaree refused to allow the TNA to use the TULF name during the 2004 parliamentary election. This caused the members of TULF who wished to remain with the TNA, led by Sampanthan, to resurrect the Illankai Tamil Arasu Kachchi political party. Sampanthan became the leader of ITAK.
Sampanthan was re-elected at the 2004 and 2010 parliamentary elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20915632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915632" title="Operation Tangled Web">
Operation Tangled Web

Operation Tangled Web is the name of a raid conducted by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement as part of a crackdown on modchips and copyright circumvention devices. These devices allowed third party software or pirated video games to be played on video game systems in the United States. Agents raided 30 businesses and homes that distributed or used these devices. The use of modchips and copyright circumvention devices is a violation of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
Raid Locations.
The raids were carried out in 16 U.S. states. The states are California, Florida, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas and Wisconsin. The names of the businesses and individuals raided were not released.
Reactions.
The Entertainment Software Association commended the work of the U.S. Law Enforcement agents and prosecutors that made the raid possible. Nintendo and its game publishers have claimed to have lost over 762 million USD, and have sought to help law enforcement agents to crack down on video game piracy. Their efforts have resulted in 61,000 modchips being seized worldwide. The modding community's response was typically that one function of a device that has legitimate uses should not illegalize the entire device especially if "the circumvention of copy protection mechanisms" has legitimate uses such as archiving legally purchased media 

</doc>
<doc id="20915635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915635" title="Total Wipeout">
Total Wipeout

Total Wipeout (also known in other countries as Wipeout UK) is a British game show, hosted by Richard Hammond and Amanda Byram, which first aired on 3 January 2009. Each week, 20 contestants compete in a series of challenges in an attempt to win £10,000. These challenges are based in large pools of water or mud and generally involve large assault courses that participants must cross.
"Total Wipeout" is a licensed version of "Wipeout", the Endemol show that originated in the United States in 2008, with the name slightly altered to avoid confusion with the BBC version of the earlier game show of the same name.
On 29 March 2012, BBC confirmed that they are to axe "Total Wipeout" after its sixth series. The "Daily Mirror" reported that a BBC spokesperson said: "After four very successful series of Total Wipeout, and one series of Winter Wipeout, the BBC has taken the decision that the next series, due to transmit later this year, will be the last." The remaining 10 episodes from Series 5 began airing on 18 August 2012 and ended the show’s 4-year run on BBC One before 2013.
Format.
"Total Wipeout" was hosted by Richard Hammond, who commentates as the contestants attempt to complete the challenges. He is also seen in a studio to provide certain links within the show. Although the main footage is filmed in Argentina, Hammond records his sections from a studio in England. Meanwhile Amanda Byram interviews the contestants during the show and remains on the sidelines as they make their way through the course.
Obstacles.
Stage 1.
The Qualifier.
"First Obstacles (over mud/water):"
Present:
Past:
"Second Obstacles (over mud):"
"Third Obstacles (over water):"
"Last Obstacles (over water):"
Past:
Stage 2.
The Sweeper (Series 1–2).
The Sweeper (Series 1-2)
with the hoop 
Crash Mountain (Series 3-4).
Crash Mountain
Double Cross (Series 5).
Double Cross
Stage 3.
Dizzy Dummies (Series 1–4).
"1st Obstacle:"
"2nd Obstacle:"
"3rd Obstacle (on the Spinner):"
"4th Obstacles:"
"Others:"
The Dreadmill (Series 2–3).
"Obstacles:"
Terror-Go-Round (Series 5).
"Obstacles"
"Themes"
Final Stage.
The Wipeout Zone.
"First Obstacle:"
"Second Obstacle:"
"Third Obstacle:"
"Fourth Obstacle:"
"Last Obstacles:"
Past:
Present:
"Finish Platform:"
"Winter Wipeout" obstacles.
Stage 1.
The Winter Qualifier.
"First Obstacles (over water):"
"Second Obstacles (over mud):"
"Third Obstacles (over water):"
"Last Obstacles (over water):"
Stage 2.
The Ski Lift.
Ski Lift
Or Celebrity Ski Lift
With Red Cross
Stage 3.
Winter Blunderland.
"Obstacles (in order):"
"Themes:"
Final Stage.
The Winter Wipeout Zone.
"First Obstacle:"
"Second Obstacle:"
"Third Obstacle:"
"Fourth Obstacle:"
"Fifth Obstacle:"
"Last Obstacles:"
"Finish Platform:"
Gameplay.
During "Total Wipeout" contestants are put through a series of obstacle courses and challenges. After each challenge a certain number of them are eliminated from the competition. After the fourth and final round the fastest of the remaining three competitors around the course wins the game and the cash prize. The eliminated contestants can be seen sitting at the side during later challenges.
Stage 1.
The Qualifier.
"The Qualifier" involves twenty contestants attempting to complete a short obstacle course in the least time possible; the eight contestants with the slowest times are eliminated, with the fastest twelve advancing to either The Sweeper or Crash Mountain or Double Cross. The Qualifier contains the dominant Sucker Punch and Big Balls. The first and last obstacles change every week, however the first obstacle is always set over a pool of water or mud, and the final obstacle is always a 'swing' to the goal. 29 contenders in the show's history have conquered the Big Balls, declared by Hammond as the hardest Wipeout obstacle ever. Only six contestants; Kierron (Series 1, Episode 7), Becky and Ed (Series 3, Episode 6), Junior (Series 3, "Champion of Champions"), James (Series 4, "Champion of Champions"), Chris Simmons (Series 4, "Celebrity Special #1") and William (Series 5, Episode 7) have not fallen off any obstacle during the Qualifier.
As of August 2012, the fastest time on the Qualifier is 0:56 by Dean Macey, and the slowest time was set by 'Bouncy' Jill with 16:44.
Stage 2.
The Sweeper (Series 1–2).
"The Sweeper" involves the twelve remaining contestants standing on podiums, over water, while a robotic arm spins around in a circular motion. The contestants have to jump over it, with the arm getting faster and higher in random sections of every rotation. The game continues until a single player remains, but unlike the American version the winner does not receive a prize. The six contestants who are first to fall are eliminated; the rest move on to Dizzy Dummies. In Series 2 the rules were modified so that only the final five advanced instead of six (depending on the next challenge). Series 2 saw modified versions of The Sweeper, including "The Crusher" and the addition of Potato Sacks. Claire (Series 2, Episode 4 and Champion of Champions) is the only contestant who has come first in the Sweeper round twice.
Crash Mountain (Series 3–4).
Series 3 introduced a brand new challenge, in the form of "Crash Mountain". Crash Mountain involves the twelve remaining contestants standing on 10 ft tall podiums over water while three robotic arms swing round in a circular motion. One arm is designed for the contestants to jump onto to reach the centre of the mountain; the other arms are designed to knock the contestants into the water while spinning in opposite directions. If any contestants falls into the water they must go to any unoccupied podium, climb and attempt it again. Contestants do not have to attempt to reach the mountain on every rotation of the arm. The five who make it to the centre first advance to Dizzy Dummies.
Double Cross (Series 5).
In Series 5, "Double Cross" was introduced and is the same as the American version: contestants enter on the three green platforms and exit from the single red one as four sweeper arms come the other way. The fastest six go through to Terror-Go-Round.
Ski Lift (Winter Wipeout).
For Winter Wipeout, the "Ski Lift" is used instead of Double Cross. The "Ski Lift" works the same as the American version, which involves the twelve remaining contestants standing on podiums on a "human merrry-go-round", over water, while two robotic sweeper arms, called the Scary Ski-poles, spin around trying to knock them over. The contestants have to use the grab-bars provided to lift themselves over the sweepers, which spin faster and higher in random sections of every rotation. The game continues until a single player remains, but unlike the American version the winner does not receive a prize. The seven contestants who are first to fall are eliminated; the rest move on to the next round - Winter Blunderland.
Stage 3.
In Series 2–3, both Dizzy Dummies and The Dreadmill were used. Either Dizzy Dummies or The Dreadmill was played in each episode for stage 3. The Dreadmill was only used once, in episode 7 of Series 3, but both obstacles were used more equally in the second series.
Dizzy Dummies (Series 1–4).
"Dizzy Dummies" involves two rounds with one contestant being eliminated in each round. The six contestants are strapped onto a "human merry-go-round" and spun at speed for 40 seconds. When they are released, the contestants must make their way to the finish line by crossing the obstacles in their way. The challenge has two different routes: rounds 1 and 3 use the first route, round 2 uses the second. The final contestant in each round to reach the finish line, or the first contestant to withdraw, is eliminated. The rest spin again and take part in the next round. Examples of obstacles in Dizzy Dummies include the Tippy Tables, Teeter Totters, Dock Maze, Crazy Beams, Doughnuts and the Barrel Crossing. In Series 2 only five contestants remained following The Sweeper, therefore only two rounds of Dizzy Dummies were possible. In Series 3 Dizzy Dummies was upgraded, including the addition of The Spinner (from the American challenge "Dizzy Dummy 2.0") and further new obstacles.
The Dreadmill (Series 2–3).
"The Dreadmill" also involves three rounds in which the six semi-finalists are paired up. There are two challenges on the dreadmill, which change from show to show. In the first challenge the participants must stand on two parallel treadmills, and when the klaxon sounds they must duck to avoid a giant swinging wrecking ball, which is being lowered and getting faster with every swing. The first person who falls from The Dreadmill is eliminated. In the second challenge, when the klaxon sounds the contestants must lift three rubber doors to reach the end of The Dreadmill. The last person to reach the end of The Dreadmill, or the first to fall off, is eliminated. In both challenges the dreadmill is going against them, making the challenge even harder. The winners of each of the three heats advance to 'The Wipeout Zone'.
Terror-Go-Round (Series 5).
"Terror-Go-Round" is the same as the American version except for the name; the American version is called 'The Spinner Round'. Contestants need to keep running while the sweeper arms move and the Terror Twins throw things at them. The game is played over three heats, with the winner of each heat going through to 'The Wipeout Zone'.
Winter Blunderland (Winter Wipeout).
For Winter Wipeout, "Winter Blunderland" is used. The course is the same as the American version; except for the name which is different. The five contestants are strapped onto a "human merry-go-round" and spun at speed for 40 seconds (same as Dizzy Dummies). When they are released, the contestants must make their way to the finish line by crossing the obstacles in their way. The obstacles remain the same each week but a different course "theme" may be used (Ice Hockey or The Alps for example). The game is played twice and each time the final contestant to reach the finish line, or the first contestant to withdraw, is eliminated. The remaining three contestants advance to 'The Wipeout Zone'.
Final Stage.
The Wipeout Zone.
"The Wipeout Zone" is the final stage of the competition. The three remaining contestants must complete the "toughest obstacle course in the world" in the quickest time possible. The contestant who completes the zone fastest wins the grand prize of £10,000. The Wipeout Zone is made up of five/six obstacles. In later series and Winter Wipeout, the contestant does not have to re-attempt the obstacle if they fall off; they simply swim to the next to save time. After 6 series of Total Wipeout, only 5 episodes have seen a female winner: Rachel of Series 2, Episode 2, Danielle Lloyd of the second Celebrity Special, Mica of Winter Wipeout Series 1, Episode 5, Kia of Series 5, Episode 3 and Nicola of Series 5, Episode 8.
In addition, Series 5, Episode 3 was the first episode to feature an all-female Wipeout Zone, whilst in its existence, not a single contestant fell off the Seesaw of Truth
Course times
The fastest time of 1:10 on the old Wipeout Zone was set by James (Series 2, Episode 8), and he matched that time in Champions of Champions. The fastest time of 1:24 set on the new Wipeout Zone was originally set by Colin (Series 3, Episode 3), but this and the Series 2 time were both beaten by Andy (Series 4, Episode 3) whose time of 1:07 used to be the new record. However, 5 episodes later, this time was beaten by Roy (Series 4, International Special) who clocked in with 1:06. This, though, was the record for only one episode, as in the Champion of Champions final, Scott (runner-up to Roy) beat this time with 0:58 and Scott became the original record holder for the fastest time on the Wipeout Zone, with a time that didn't even exceed a minute. However, in Series 5 (Celebrity Special #8), Dalton Grant beat the record with 0:54, making him the record holder whilst in the Series 5 Champion of Champions, William (the final champion) matched Scott's time. The slowest winning time on the Wipeout Zone is 4:53 (set by Steve, Series 1 Episode 2).
The nine main episodes of Series 4 winning times were 100 seconds or under, with 0:58 being the fastest and 1:40 being the slowest.
Winter Wipeout
The winning times have varied for those who competed in "Winter Wipeout". The fastest winning time is 1:34 (set by Dan, Episode 8) and the slowest winning time is 4:29 (set by Mica, Episode 5). As for losing times, a new record for the slowest time was set in Episode 5, by Ross who came in with 9:13. The reason for many slow times was down to the "Impossible Snowflakes", as out of the 27 people who made it to the Wipeout Zone, only 6 people crossed them.
Course layout
Specials.
Alongside the regular episodes, a variety of special episodes were held after the main competition.
Present in all series so far is The Total Wipeout Awards show (called The Snow Globes in "Winter Wipeout"), which served as a recap of all of the best moments from the series, from "Best Big Balls Moment" to "Best Wipeout Zone Wipeout".
Series 2–4<br>
Starting from Series 2 was a Final, in which the finalists from the previous episodes would tackle the course again to determine who would be crowned "Champion of Champions". Although meant to feature all three Wipeout Zone contestants from each heat, no Final so far has featured all of them.
Series 3 & 5<br>
Series 3 also introduced The Legends special, which gave competitors from across all the previous series a second chance to reach the Wipeout Zone. A similar special episode, called Last Chance Saloon, featured in Series 5.
Series 4<br>
In Series 4 there has been a North vs. South Special with individuals from the North and the South of the country to see "who is better". Also in Series 4 there was an International Special in which a handful of British contestants went head-to-head with contestants from around the world as "Total Wipeout" went global for the first time, each side captained by a former "Total Wipeout" "legend".
"Celebrity Total Wipeout".
During Total Wipeout's run, celebrity specials have been aired since series 2. The format is slightly different to the original show. There are ten celebrities in each show and all of them compete in both the Qualifier and the following round. After these rounds points are given, with the best performing celebrity scoring ten, and the worst performer receiving one. After the two rounds the points are added up and the five highest scorers progress to Stage 3. In the case of a tie, the celebrity with the faster Qualifier time goes through.
Contestants.
The first episode, which aired on 26 December 2009, featured fitness expert Kevin Adams, "Strictly Come Dancing" professional dancers James and Ola Jordan, actor Luke Bailey, "I'm a Celebrity…Get Me out of Here!" 2008 winner and former "EastEnders" star Joe Swash, TV presenter Kaye Adams, stand-up comedian and actor Tim Vine, vocal coach and session singer Carrie Grant, soap star Adele Silva, personal trainer Kevin Adams and javelin thrower Fatima Whitbread. The winner was Luke Bailey. In the special Richard Hammond films his segments on set in Buenos Aires.
The second episode, which aired on 2 January 2010, featured ex-"EastEnders" star Chris Parker, comedian Joe Pasquale, presenter Dominic Littlewood, actress and former Kenny Everett sidekick Cleo Rocos, ex-Olympic hurdler Sally Gunnell, CBBC presenter Kirsten O'Brien, "Loose Women" presenter Andrea McLean, model Danielle Lloyd and children's TV duo Sam Nixon and Mark Rhodes. The winner was Danielle Lloyd.
Series 3<br>
In September 2010, another two "Celebrity Total Wipeout" specials were aired.
The first, which aired on 18 September 2010, featured Michaela Strachan, Siân Lloyd, Joe Absolom, Antony Costa, Kate Lawler, Ninia Benjamin, Jeff Brazier, Iwan Thomas and Tony Tobin. Nancy Lam was supposed to take part, but had to pull out and spectate. Joe Absolom won, with Jeff Brazier and Kate Lawler coming second and third respectively.
The second aired on 25 September 2010, the contestants were former international athletes John Regis and Katharine Merry, TV presenters Cheryl Baker and Sarah Cawood, actresses Margi Clarke and Nina Toussaint-White, actor Jeremy Edwards, comic actor Rowland Rivron and DJs & TV presenting pair JK and Joel, the former being the first ever celebrity to cross the big balls, as well as the equal fastest celebrity (with James Jordan) to complete the qualifier. JK won with John Regis coming second and Katharine Merry third.
Series 4<br>
Another two specials were broadcast at the close of the series. The first episode aired on 9 April 2011 and featured Aggie MacKenzie, Calum Best, Chantelle Houghton, Chico Slimani, Chris Simmons, Gemma Bissix, John Fashanu, Kelli Young, Phoebe Thomas and Rob Deering. It was won by John Fashanu with Chico in second and Calum Best in third.
The second episode aired on 25 April 2011 and was contested by Ali Bastian, Andy Akinwolere, Caroline Faraday, Dean Macey, Ian Watkins, James Redmond, Lisa Scott-Lee, Malandra Burrows, Martin Offiah and Tupele Dorgu. Dean Macey won the show with Ian Watkins finishing as runner-up and Andy Akinwolere in third place, after retiring from the competition because of an injury.
Series 5<br>
The fifth series kicked off with another two celebrity editions on 27 August 2011 and 3 September 2011. The first episode featured Dalton Grant, Ricky Groves, Gail Emms, Charlie Stayt, Roxanne Pallett, Simon Day, Brian Belo, Camilla Dallerup, Nicola McLean and Julie Peasgood. It was won by Dalton Grant, with Ricky Groves in second and Gail Emms in third place.
The second episode, aired on 3 September 2011, featured Marcus Patric, Peter Duncan, Susie Amy, Chris Rankin, Donna Fraser, Clare Nasir, Neil Ruddock, Melissa Suffield, Lady Sovereign and Dom Joly. It was won by Marcus Patric, with Peter Duncan in second place and Susie Amy in third.
"Celebrity Winter Wipeout".
During Winter Wipeout's run, two celebrity specials were aired. The first winter special, aired on 24 March 2012, featured Eddie Edwards, Tony Mortimer, Steven Arnold, Laura Hamilton, Derek Redmond, Zoe Tyler, Connie Fisher, Charlie Baker, Nicola T and Ellie Crisell as the contestants. Eddie Edwards won the show with Tony Mortimer coming runner-up and Steven Arnold in third place.
The second special was aired on 31 March 2012 and featured James Sutton, Ashia Hansen, Andrew Stone, Kim Tiddy, Diarmuid Gavin, Rebecca Ryan, Sophie Anderton, Jarred Christmas, Peter Shilton and Terry Christian. James Sutton won the show with Ashia Hansen coming runner-up and Andrew Stone in third place.
Differences from US version.
The US version is filmed in California, whereas all international versions including the UK's version are filmed on the same set in Argentina, which can be seen from Google Maps and the UK show format is similar to the US version, "Wipeout" (available to UK viewers on Watch and Dave as "Total Wipeout USA"). Most games are almost identical to the originals, and most games and a few obstacles retain their American names. Differences are relatively minor, but are as follows:
"Total Wipeout" episodes.
Series 1.
Series 1 contained eight episodes, airing from 3 January to 21 March 2009. The "Total Wipeout" Awards aired on 4 April.
Series 2.
Series 2 contained twelve episodes, comprising once again of eight episodes, plus three specials and a second "Total Wipeout" Awards. The series debuted on 4 July 2009 and concluded on 9 January 2010. The final three episodes of the series were broadcast months after the first episodes, shown as part of the BBC's Christmas line-up.
Series 3.
The first episode of series 3 aired on BBC One on 30 January 2010, with the rest of the series airing from 3 April 2010, containing eight episodes. Richard Hammond and Amanda Byram continue as the presenting team. The rounds have been re-designed for the series, introducing a brand new Wipeout Zone.
Series 4.
Series 4 began on 8 January 2011 and used the same course as series three besides one or two new obstacles. Episodes 1-7 of the series aired from 8 January to 19 February. Episode 8 aired two weeks after Episode 7. Episode 9 (The Final) aired on 26 March 2011. Series 4 introduced obstacles such as the 'Swinging Letters of SH' (the U.S. Fling Set), as well as Argentina exclusives like the 'Dangleberries', a series of hanging shapes.
Series 5.
Series 5 began airing on 27 August 2011 with two celebrity specials, with the rest of the series beginning on 18 August 2012. Crash Mountain was changed to Double Cross and Dizzy Dummies was changed to Terror-Go-Round. The Wipeout Zone saw only a minor change from the previous series with the tarzan swing being replaced by a series of turntables and the Motivator being changed to the D-Motivator. It is to be the last series aired by the BBC and is to finish in late 2012. 
The remaining 10 episodes from Series 5 began airing on 18 August 2012 and continued each week until 13 October, with the final episode held back to be broadcast at a later data. after "Pointless Celebrites". The last episode aired on 31 December 2012.
"Winter Wipeout" episodes.
Series 1.
A winter series, called "Winter Wipeout", started on 17 December 2011 still hosted by Richard Hammond and Amanda Byram. The brand new series introduces a brand-new snow-covered course, with winter-themed obstacles and seasonal challenges. The new series does include two celebrity specials, plus a Winter Wipeout final at the series' climax. The executive producers for "Winter Wipeout" were Andy Rowe for Initial and Mirella Breda for the BBC. The series producer was Emma Taylor.
"Total Wipeout": Big Ball Run.
The show's producers, Endemol UK, launched a social game based on the "Total Wipeout" format. Available on Facebook and through a standalone Downloadable Application, the game adopts the use of 'Motion Sensor Technology' available through a webcam, whereby the user negotiates the obstacle course through a variety of movements common with the show.

</doc>
<doc id="20915636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915636" title="Elio Altramura">
Elio Altramura

Elio Altramura (died 2004) was an Italian art director. He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "A Room with a View".

</doc>
<doc id="20915650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915650" title="Pittsburgh Southern Railway">
Pittsburgh Southern Railway

The Pittsburgh Southern Railway was a narrow gauge railroad in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It was formed in March 1879 by the merger of the Pittsburgh Southern Railroad (which was named the Pittsburgh, Castle Shannon and Washington Railroad from July 1877 to April 1878), Pittsburgh Railroad, and Washington Railroad. It ran from Washington to Castle Shannon, where it connected to the Pittsburgh and Castle Shannon Railroad. An attempt to use the Little Saw Mill Run Railroad as a substitute connection to Pittsburgh led to the Castle Shannon Railroad War of 1878.
It was converted to standard gauge in 1883, and was purchased by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad on November 20, 1884 and reorganized as the Baltimore & Ohio Short Line Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="20915670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915670" title="DB Class V 65">
DB Class V 65

The DB Class V 65 locomotives (from 1968: Class 265) were German, eight-wheeled, rod-coupled diesel locomotives operated by Deutsche Bundesbahn (DB) intended for light railway services and medium-heavy shunting duties. The 15 locomotives were delivered in 1956 by MaK (Kiel) to the DB.
Description.
Class V 65/Class 265 engines were delivered to the DB shortly after the arrival in service of the first V 60s. Amongst their special features were the MaK motor with only 750 rpm and the Beugniot lever between the individual axles, that improved curve running. For train heating the engine had a boiler that was heated by the engine's exhaust gases. The engine itsel had to be pre-heated with a "Dofa" coke oven. For this purpose up to 100 kg of coke could be carried.
Although, with only 15 units, the Class V 65 was built in relatively small numbers, it was really only a slight modification of the 600 D built by MaK for private railways. These belonged to the so-called MaK rod-coupled locomotives ("MaK-Stangenlokomotiven"), that were operated in large numbers by private railways. Their power ranged between .
Operations.
The locomotives were initially deployed in the area of Marburg/Lahn ahead of light passenger trains, but in 1964 they were replaced by the more powerful V 100. After that, five examples were used for shunting duties at Puttgarden ferryboat station until 1980, being stationed at the depot ("Bahnbetriebswerk") at Puttgarden. The remainder were employed at Hamburg-Altona where their duties included working on the Hamburg Harbour railway.
Locomotive V 65 001 has been preserved and, after a term with the "Meppen-Haselünne Railway" is now looked after by the Osnabrück Steam Railway Society ("Osnabrücker Dampflokfreunden") and is used as a museum railway engine. Another V65, number V 65 011, has been loaned by the DB Museum to the Bochum-Dahlhausen Railway Museum owned by the DGEG.
Appearance in film.
In the first scenes of the 1962 film "Die Tür mit den sieben Schlössern" ("The Door with the Seven Locks") a DB V 65 engine can clearly be seen standing in the station. This reveals that the scenes were filmed in a German station and not - as the film tries to suggest by the use of various English signs - at a station in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20915672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915672" title="St. Agnes' Priory, Gavnø">
St. Agnes' Priory, Gavnø

St. Agnes Priory was established by Queen Margaret I for a community of Dominican nuns at Gavnø Island. After the Danish Reformation the priory was transformed into a manor estate known as Gavnø Castle located near Næstved, Denmark.
Priory.
As a fortress.
Gavnø and several other islands are in a protected fjord just south of the town of Næstved in southern Zealand. These islands' strategic location made them useful from Viking times as a place from which to launch naval raids. It was owned by various pirate () chiefs with 'forts' at 'Bastnæs', Carlsgab, and Bornakke. Later pirates used Gavnø as a base from which to attack Hanseatic vessels and raid coastal towns, so that the region long had a reputation for piracy. It fell to the royal family during the reign of Valdemar I, who had a hunting residence there which was part residence when he stayed there, part working farm to provide for the workers and their families and royal guests, and later part fortress. Valedmar had fortified the residence and used it to send ships out to raid his enemies in northern Germany and the Baltic. Valdemar fortress was expanded during the years of the German occupation and used as a base from which to attack Danish shipping by German pirates. The island was mortgaged by King Erik VI Menved in 1292 and eventually fell into the possession of the noble Falk family from Scania. 
As a convent.
By the early 15th century the royal fortress at Gavnø had lost its strategic importance. In 1398 Margaret I, queen of a united Denmark, Norway, and Sweden, purchased the island from Lady Ida Falk. The fortress was torn down and the materials used to build a new convent for Dominican nuns. It was only the second house for Dominican nuns in Denmark after St. Agnes Priory in Roskilde. In time St Agnes Priory became a residence for unmarried women 'of position' who lived with the nuns. Since the Dominicans were a mendicant order, they existed on the charity of the local community. One way of guaranteeing income was to accept rent properties, mostly farms from the families of unmarried noble women. In return for the income, properties unmarried women lived a quasi-religious life in the security of St. Agnes Priory until they married or took vows.
The priory consisted of a three-range brick enclosure connected to the priory church. One range served as a refectory with cellars underneath, the second as a dormitory, and the third range was for the use of the lay 'sisters' and workers. The priory had a small staff of secular 'collectors' who solicited funds, food, and clothing for the priory's use.
In legend.
The nuns' existence wasn't appreciated at first. A local pirate, Herr Carl, who lived on the island at Carlsgab, decided to show the prioress who was in control of the waters around Gavnø. According to legend Herr Carl waitied until after dark one night and then crept up to the door of the priory. He banged the wooden door knocker so loudly that the porter began to quake. "Who is it that disturbs the sisters during their prayers?" The robber replied. "I am only a lonely fisherman who wishes to give his night's catch to the sisters and seek the blessing of the prioress." The porter opened the small door in the gate and invited the "fisherman" inside. Instantly the pirate struck the porter down with his bare fists and ran to the priory church where the nuns had gathered for midnight services. Their song stopped abruptly at the sight of a man in the church, and they began to scream. Herr Carl grabbed the prioress, who fought until her "habit hung in tatters," but it was to no avail. The rest of the nuns fled down to the cellars. Herr Carl threw the swooning prioress over his shoulder and hurried out of the priory to his small boat. He took her to his fortress at Carlsgab and there "mistreated" her so that she died of "shame and sorrow." Upon hearing this outrage, the Bishop of Roskilde demanded the body of the poor woman back. Herr Carl replied that he had tied stones to the her body and sunk it in the fjord. The bishop excommunicated and cursed Herr Carl, his household, and even his livestock. At midnight one Christmas night, the same time as his attack on St Agnes' Priory, Carlsgab and all its inhabitants were swallowed up by the sea into a hole so deep that fisherman ever after avoided it on moonless nights because of the green eerie glow emanating from Carlsgab under the sea.
Under the Lutheran crown.
In 1536 Denmark became a Lutheran kingdom under King Christian III and all religious houses and their income properties fell to the crown. Despite the antagonism to the Dominicans' constant requests for money, food, and clothing for their charitable works and for upkeep of the priory, the seculaized nuns were permitted to remain at the priory until at least 1556. The prioress continued to maintain order inside the priory while a secular superintendent, Mogens Gøye, administered priory dealings with the outside world. He was a staunch Lutheran and personally responsible for driving Franciscan monks from several friaries, but protected the women at St. Agnes Priory in his charge with honor and respect.
In 1583 the priory complex was sold to Hans Lindenov by Frederick II. The priory was converted into a manor house and estate buildings. A tower added at the same time.
The church, which became a private chapel, was embellished by Lady Helle Rosenkrantz in the 1660s into one of Denmark's most colorful churches and is the only visible remnant of the priory. The fine altarpiece, pulpit, and other furniture from the late 17th century has been largely preserved. There is a 1536 gravestone carved for Lady Margrethe Beck. The wooden crucifix above the altar was in use in the early 16th century and probably dates to the late 15th century. Several remarkable wooden epitaphs have been preserved as well.
Gavnø Castle.
In 1737 Count Otto Thott bought the estate and set about creating what is called today 'Gavnø Castle'. An additional story was added to the surviving ranges, and the Rococo style exterior was added. The south range of the complex is the old dormitory of the priory. Thott was a collector of books, so spaces were created for the 200,000 books in his library, one of the largest private collections in Europe. The walls were hung with the hundreds of paintings he amassed. At his death all the books published before 1530 were donated to the Royal Library in Copenhagen.
The construction of the castle and French formal garden park was complete in 1750. In 1850 the gardens were reconstructed as an English style park with a more open and natural appearance.
In 1960 the entire estate was turned over to a foundation in order to conserve the castle, priory church, and gardens. It has become world famous for its spring tulip display. The property is open to the public, though it is still the residence of the current Count Reedtz-Thott and family.

</doc>
<doc id="20915676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915676" title="2008 Duramed FUTURES Tour">
2008 Duramed FUTURES Tour

The 2008 Duramed FUTURES Tour was a series of professional women's golf tournaments held from March through October 2008 in the United States. The FUTURES Tour is the second-tier women's professional golf tour in the United States and is the "official developmental tour" of the LPGA Tour. 
2008 Leading money winners.
The top ten money winners at the end of the season gained membership on the LPGA Tour for the 2009 season, with those finishing in the top five positions gaining higher priority for entry into events than those finishing in positions six through ten. Finishers in positions six through ten had the option to attend LPGA Qualifying School to try to improve their membership status for 2009.
2008 Schedule and results.
The number in parentheses after winners' names show the player's total number of official money, individual event wins on the FUTURES Tour including that event.
Tournaments in bold are majors

</doc>
<doc id="20915677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915677" title="Héctor Rondón">
Héctor Rondón

Héctor Luis Rondón (born February 26, 1988) is a Venezuelan professional baseball pitcher in the Chicago Cubs organization.
Career.
Rondón signed as an international free agent with the Cleveland Indians. He had Tommy John surgery in 2010 and fractured his elbow in 2011. He was selected by the Chicago Cubs from the Indians in the 2012 Rule 5 Draft. He made the Cubs' 2013 Opening Day roster and made his major league debut on April 3.

</doc>
<doc id="20915685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915685" title="Row Your Boat">
Row Your Boat

Row Your Boat is a drama about a recently released ex-convict trying to correct his life written and directed by Sollace Mitchel. It was released in 1998, and in 2001 on home video. The film stars Jon Bon Jovi of rock fame, Bai Ling, and William Forsythe. Its title is taken from the English nursery rhyme "Row, Row, Row Your Boat".
Bon Jovi plays Jamey Meadows, a man newly released from prison who has found himself homeless on the crazy streets of New York City. Slowly, he must try and build his life up from the gutter. Resisting constant offers from his brother, played by William Forsythe (Dick Tracy, The Rock, ) to rejoin the insidious world of crime, Meadows takes a menial job as a door to door census worker.
Critical reception.
Because the film was released independently, it pretty much flew under the radar with professional critics, though most home viewers seem to like it despite its cliche story and acting. It did however bring home an Audience Choice Award for Best Feature at the Stony Brook Film Festival in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20915690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915690" title="Pho 75">
Pho 75

Pho 75 is chain of restaurants that serve pho (Vietnamese beef noodle soup) in the Washington, D.C. and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania areas. It has branches in Arlington, VA, Falls Church, VA, Herndon, VA, Langley Park, MD, Hyattsville, MD, Rockville, MD and Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="20915699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915699" title="No. 608 Squadron RAF">
No. 608 Squadron RAF

No. 608 (North Riding) Squadron was an Auxiliary Air Force squadron of the Royal Air Force during World War II. It flew during its existence as a bomber, fighter and reconnaissance unit and was the only RAF squadron to be equipped with the unsuccessful Blackburn Botha torpedo bomber.
History.
Formation and early years: Wapitis and Demons.
No. 608 Squadron was formed at Thornaby-on-Tees, North Yorkshire as No. 608 County of York (North Riding) Squadron, on 17 March 1930 as a day bomber squadron within the Auxiliary Air Force. Its initial equipment was the Avro 504 N and Westland Wapiti, which the squadron flew until they were replaced with Hawker Demon fighters in January 1937, when the squadrons role was changed to that of a fighter squadron. In May 1937 the name of the squadron was changed to No. 608 (North Riding) Squadron. Shortly before the second world war broke out, on 20 March 1939, the squadrons role was changed yet again, now into that of a general reconnaissance unit flying under RAF Coastal Command and they were re-equipped for that role with Avro Ansons.
World War II.
Reconnaissance with Ansons, Bothas, Blenheims and Hudsons.
So the squadron started its role in World War II flying the Anson and in June 1940 began to re-equip with the Blackburn Botha torpedo bomber. These were found to be unsatisfactory however and by December 1940 the squadron only had its old Ansons on strength. These soldiered on till February 1941, when Bristol Blenheim Mk.IVs arrived, soon to be replaced with Lockheed Hudsons, which the squadron flew from bases in Scotland, North Africa and Italy until 31 July 1944, when it was disbanded for the first time at Pomigliano, Italy.
Pathfinding with Mosquitos.
The squadron was reformed on 1 August 1944 at RAF Downham Market, Norfolk as a Mosquito squadron in No 8 (Pathfinder) Groups Light Night Striking Force. It continued to fly in this role, carrying out night attacks on Germany, until disbanding on 28 August 1945 at Downham Market.
Post-war reformation: Mosquitos, Spitfires and Vampires.
No. 608 squadron was reformed on 10 May 1946 at Thornaby in its original role as a light bomber squadron in the Royal Auxiliary Air Force. It had however no operational aircraft before being redesignated as a night fighter unit in July 1947, when it received Mosquito NF.30s. These were flown until the squadron changed role yet again, this time to that of a day fighter squadron, receiving Spitfire F.22s in May 1948. From December 1949 these were gradually replaced with de Havilland Vampires, which the squadron flew until, along with all the flying units of the RAuxAF, it was disbanded on 10 March 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="20915702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915702" title="Paul L. Anderson">
Paul L. Anderson

Paul L. Anderson (born 1946) is a Latter-day Saint architectural historian, museum curator and hymnwriter. 
Anderson was born in Pasadena, California and as a young man served a mission for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Japan.
Anderson received a B.A. with honors from Stanford University in 1968 and a Master of Architecture from Princeton University in 1972. He was an architect in Pasadena, California and received his license in 1976.
Anderson married the historian Lavina Fielding in 1977. They lived in Salt Lake City, Utah and had one son, Christian, who was born in 1980. During the 1993 conflict between some intellectuals and LDS leadership (in which Lavina was excommunicated), Paul publicly called for peace and reconciliation between the parties.
In 1973, Anderson received a fellowship from the LDS Church's Historical Department to study historical Mormon architecture, which led to a position restoring the church's historic buildings. He helped in the planning of the Museum of Church History and Art, which opened in 1984, and later in designing its exhibits. He helped launch the Brigham Young University Museum of Art in 1992 and since then has served as head of design and curator. Anderson was heavily involved with the work of Nauvoo Restoration, Inc.
Anderson has been a longtime member of the Mormon History Association (MHA), and planned its 1987 conference in England, for which he was awarded a Special Citation from the MHA. He served as MHA president from 2007 to 2008.
Anderson also has a strong musical interest. For several years he sang in the Utah Symphony Chorus. He has written the text of four hymns in the 1985 LDS hymnbook: #139 "In Fasting We Approach Thee", #148 "Sabbath Day", #291 "Turn Your Hearts", and #311 "We Meet Again as Sisters".

</doc>
<doc id="20915715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915715" title="1993 Miami Hurricanes football team">
1993 Miami Hurricanes football team

The 1993 Miami Hurricanes represented the University of Miami in the 1993 NCAA Division I-A football season.
As of 2013, the Hurricanes are the last team to play in a major bowl a year after losing to Alabama in a game that decided the national championship. They played in the Fiesta Bowl which they lost to Arizona 29-0.

</doc>
<doc id="20915717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915717" title="Niominka people">
Niominka people

The Niominka people (also called Niuminka or Nyominka) are an ethnic group in Senegal living on the islands of the Saloum River delta. They are currently classified as a subgroup of the Serer.
Population.
The territory of the Niominka is called the Gandoul. Most of the Niominka live in its eleven large villages, which include Niodior, Dionewar, and Falia. They represent a little less than 1% of the population of Senegal.
Being island-dwellers, they participate in both agriculture and aquaculture. The primary agricultural produce is made up of rice, millet, and peanuts. As for the aquaculture, the men fish and the women gather shellfish, although environmental problems have become an aquacultural threat.
The Niominka are also beginning to look into tourism.
History.
The origins of the Niominka are obscure and uncertain. Although currently classified together with the Serer people, their name is drawn from Mandinka, meaning "coastal people" (Niumi = coast, and Nka = men), and were known to have been ruled by a "mansa" (Mandinka for "king"), suggesting they might have originally been either a Mandinka people that were later "Sererized" by migrants from the north, or conversely, a Serer people that were for some time "Mandinkized" by their neighbors from the south. They were overlooked in the process of the "organization" of the Sine and Saloum kingdoms via the Mandinka Guelowar dynasty in the 14th century. Theories suggest they were originally neither Serer nor Mandinka, but an altogether different people, probably related to the Jola people and speakers of Bak language that inhabited the banks of the Gambia river, until they were pushed from below by the migration of Mandinka from the south and east in the 13th century, only to hit the barrier of migrating Serer people from the north, and as a result ended up squeezed into a corner of the delta, south of the Saloum River. A supplementary theory suggests they were not a distinctive people, but rather just a disparate collection of indeterminate aboriginal riverine inhabitants and migrants, refugees and fugitives from neighboring Mandinka and Serer states that flocked to that relatively inaccessible and ungoverned delta corner, and eked out a largely independent existence.
The Niominka were largely unorganized, with an egalitarian social structure quite unlike their neighbors. The nominal overlordship of the Niominka seems to have flipped back and forth between the Mandinka mansa of Barra to the south and the Serer king of Saloum to the north. The Niominka adopted some cultural and economic elements from both, e.g. cultivation of millet from Serer, rice from Mandinka, but also possess elements quite distinctive in their own right, most notably riverine fishing. The Niominka are believed to have been the only traditionally aquacultural people on the stretch of the west African coast south of Cape Vert and north of the Bissagos.
Old texts sometimes identify the Niominka as the "Niumi Bato", as distinct from their southerly neighbors, the "Niumi Banta" (ancestral to the Mandinka of Barra). Through much of their history, the Niumi Bato (Niominka), the Niumi Banta and the nearby Jokadu were all under the rule of the same Mandinka lord known as the "Niumimansa". However, there were repeated attempts by the Serer king of Saloum to exert his authority over the Niominka. The Niominka (Niumi Bato) controlled the stretch of coast roughly from the south bank of the Saloum River to a little above Barra point, including the entries of the Diombos, Banjala and Jinnak rivers and the associated delta islands; the Niumi of Barra (Niumi Banta) lived below them, on the northern shores of the Gambia River. Niominka pirogues may have plied the coast and rivers further south (including the Gambia, maybe as far as the Casamance River.
According to historians, the Niominka were probably responsible killing the Portuguese explorer and slave-trader Nuno Tristão in 1446. Tristão had ventured up the Diombos river on a longboat with his crew intending to find a native settlement to raid, when the Portuguese were trapped by Niominka canoes and massacred. The memoirs of Diogo Gomes suggest the Niominka canoes proceeded to venture out to sea, overhwelmed the remaining Portuguese in the waiting caravel, and proceeded to drag the ship upriver to dismantle it, its anchor later being found in the possession of the Niumimansa. The very next year, the Niumimansa ordered an attack on another Portuguese exploration-slaving party, led by Estêvão Afonso, although this was probably carried out further south, nearer the Gambia shore by the Niumi Banta (of Barra) (the Portuguese clambered back aboard and fled). There were two more attacks on Portuguese explorers in the area within the next year - one on Álvaro Fernandes, a massed canoe attack similar to the attack on Tristão (although Fernandes escaped); another an attack on a landing party led by Danish captain Valarte (who was killed).
The series of attacks on Portuguese explorers by the Niominka (and their neighbors) in the Saloum-Gambia area prompted the Portuguese Prince Henry the Navigator to suspend all Portuguese expeditions south of Cape Vert in 1448. The Saloum delta in particular, with its rivulets and entries plied by the canoe-borne Niominka, was deemed too dangerous for Portuguese ships to pass. When a new expedition, led by Alvise Cadamosto, finally dared venture to that area again in 1455, one of his landing parties was killed by the mouth of the Saloum (possibly Niominka again), and Cadamosto's own ship attacked and fended off at the mouth of the Gambia by the Niumi Banta. Cadamosto reports the fierceness of the Niumi people rested on their belief that the Portuguese were cannibals, who came to capture black men to eat. But the very next year (1456), when Cadamosto returned, there was a very different reception, and Cadamosto ventured peacefully up the Gambia, and even amicably met the Niumimansa himself. What caused this change of heart is uncertain. In his own (unreliable) memoirs, Portuguese captain Diogo Gomes reports he was personally responsible for negotiating a peace treaty c. 1456 (perhaps a little later) with the Niumimansa, and even of baptising him as a Christian.
In the early 1860s, when the peoples of the Gambia area were raised in revolt against the Mandinka aristocracy by the Toucouleur marabout Maba Diakhou Bâ, the Niumi were not immune. The Niumimansa died in 1861, and an offshoot marabout rising ensued in the coastal area. When Maba Bâ launched an attack on the kingdom of Saloum, both the Mandinka-speaking Niumi of Barra and the Serer-speaking Niominka swore allegiance to the marabouts and joined in the attack on the Serers of Saloum.

</doc>
<doc id="20915719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915719" title="Arboretum de la Petite Loiterie">
Arboretum de la Petite Loiterie

The Arboretum de la Petite Loiterie (16 hectares) is a young arboretum located in Le Sentier, Monthodon, Indre-et-Loire, Centre, France. It is open a few days per month; an admission fee is charged.
The arboretum was conceived in 1980 with its first trees planted in 1995; it opened to the public in 2003 and active planting continues. It is unusual in conception and layout, as it focuses on trees and bushes that can readily be found in commercial nurseries (rather than rare species), and it organizes specimens to collocate species with similar leaves, thus highlighting their similarities and differences.
Today the arboretum contains more than 2,000 species and cultivars of woody plants, planted within a site that also contains 3.5 hectares of meadow, 4 hectares of woods, wetlands, and a pond (3800 m²). Of particular interest are the arboretum's 2 kilometers of hedges, composed of a variety of species.

</doc>
<doc id="20915736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915736" title="William M. Bergen">
William M. Bergen

William M. Bergen (February, 1862 – February 6, 1934) was an American Republican Party politician, who served on the Monmouth County Board of Chosen Freeholders.
Biography.
A lifelong resident of Monmouth County, William M. Bergen worked as a liveryman prior to the automobile era. He was elected to the Board of Freeholders in the Republican landslide of 1914, and served until 1926. Bergen, a Belmar resident, served as Director of the Board for the years 1919 and 1920.
After leaving the board, Bergen was appointed County Road Supervisor. On February 6, 1934, while driving home from Freehold, his car slid on an icy road in Howell Township and struck a utility pole. A transformer was jarred loose by the impact and fell, striking Bergen and killing him instantly.

</doc>
<doc id="20915742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915742" title="Stubby Magner">
Stubby Magner

Edmund Burke (Stubby) Magner (February 10, 1888 – September 6, 1956) was a Major League Baseball shortstop and second baseman. Magner played for the New York Highlanders in . In 13 career games, he had 7 hits in 33 at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed.
Magner was born in Kalamazoo, Michigan, and died in Chillicothe, Ohio. He graduated from Cornell University in 1911 and was a member of the Quill and Dagger society. He served as a lieutenant in the U.S. Naval Reserve during World War I. Magner is buried at Dayton National Cemetery in Dayton, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="20915744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915744" title="Milan D. Bish">
Milan D. Bish

Milan D. Bish (1929–2001) was an American diplomat. He was Ambassador of the United States to Barbados, Dominica, St Lucia, Antigua, and St. Vincent, as well as Special Representative to St. Christopher-Nevis-Anguilla from 1981 to 1984, under Ronald Reagan.
Biography.
Milan D. Bish was born in Harvard, Nebraska on July 1, 1929. He received a B.A. from Hastings College in 1950. He was President of Mid-Continent Enterprises, a real-estate company, and Bish Machinery Co., Bish and Son Cattle Co., and a highway commissioner for Nebraska. He then joined the Ronald Reagan transition team for the U.S. Department of the Interior before being appointed as Ambassador to Barbados, Dominica, Saint Lucia, Antigua, Saint Vincent, and Special Representative to St. Christopher-Nevis-Anguilla.

</doc>
<doc id="20915747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915747" title="Kimberley West railway station">
Kimberley West railway station

Kimberley West railway station was a station serving the town of Kimberley in Nottinghamshire, England.
It was built in 1882 for the Midland Railway's Basford to Bennerley Junction branch, at a cost of £2,495 15s 7d, designed by Charles Trubshaw who went on to become a major railway architect. It was designed according to the Arts and Crafts movement to resemble artisan cottages. The rails used in the building of this branch line were taken up from Kimberley station to Bennerley Junction in 1916 and presented to the War Department for use in the battle for the Dardanelles during the First World War. The line from Basford to Kimberley remained in place.
This line is now disused, the station is at one end of a railway cutting through which the branch line ran; this is now designated as a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest under the name of Kimberley Railway Cutting. This cutting is currently the private property of the brewers Greene King at its Kimberley end but a footpath follows its trackbed from Watnall as far as the M1 motorway.
It closed to passenger traffic in 1917 but remained open for goods until 1 January 1951. The station house was used for a while by Kimberley ex-Servicemen's Club and then Kimberley Social Club but is currently derelict.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20915770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915770" title="Wes Hodges">
Wes Hodges

Wesley M. Hodges (born September 14, 1984 in Chattanooga, Tennessee) is an American professional baseball first baseman. He has yet to make his MLB debut. 
History.
In High School he broke a bone in his wrists, so despite being right handed, switched to batting with his left hand. 
Baseball career.
Hodges attended college at Georgia Institute of Technology and played on the baseball team there for three seasons. The Cleveland Indians selected Hodges in the second round of the 2006 MLB Draft. He played for the Kinston Indians in 2007 and the Akron Aeros in 2008.
He was a member of the Indians 40 man roster, until he was designated for assignment on July 27, 2010.
On August 3, 2010, Hodges was claimed off waivers by the Colorado Rockies.
On August 5, 2010, Hodges was re-claimed off waivers by the Cleveland Indians. Hodges was outrighted to Triple-A Columbus on November 3, 2010, removing him from the 40-man roster. Hodges was released by the Indians on June 7, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20915777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915777" title="Spironucleus salmonicida">
Spironucleus salmonicida

Spironucleus salmonicida is a species of fish parasite. The species creates foul-smelling, pus-filled abscesses in muscles and internal organs of aquarium fish. In the late 1980s when the disease was first reported, it was believed to be caused by "Spironucleus barkhanus". Anders Jørgensen was the person that found out what species really caused the disease.

</doc>
<doc id="20915778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915778" title="Eugene Jantjies">
Eugene Jantjies

Eugene Jantjies (born 8 October 1986 in Gobabis, South-West Africa) is a Namibian rugby union scrum-half.
He is a member of the Namibia national rugby union team and participated with the squad at the 2007 Rugby World Cup. Eugene also participated at the 2011 Rugby World Cup and played three games.
He joined South African team the in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20915790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915790" title="Eating Out (TV series)">
Eating Out (TV series)

Eating Out is a Sony TV series hosted by Gaurav that shows hotels and restaurants from different parts of the world.
It is broadcast on Sony TV India, Sony TV Asia and Sony TV International.

</doc>
<doc id="20915794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915794" title="Lynn R. Carson">
Lynn R. Carson

Lynn R. Carson (born 1942) is a Latter-day Saint composer and hymnwriter. He also served for several years as the director of Asian, Indian and Middle-Eastern genealogical record-gathering and oral family history projects for the Family History Library of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Carson served as a missionary for the church in Austria.
The music to the hymns "In Fasting We Approach Thee" and "Sabbath Day" (number 139 and 148 in the 1985 English-language LDS Hymnbook) is by Carson.
Carson also wrote the book "The Tintic War and the Deaths of George and Washington Carson".

</doc>
<doc id="20915802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915802" title="Watnall railway station">
Watnall railway station

__NOTOC__
Watnall railway station was a station serving the village of Watnall in Nottinghamshire, England. The station, which closed in 1917, was at the eastern end of the railway cutting used to provide the Midland Railway with a route through to Kimberley.
The cutting still exists although it is heavily overgrown. Remnants of the platform can be found beneath the undergrowth but the buildings are no longer in existence. A bunker was built on this site for RAF Watnall during the Second World War and used as an operations centre for No. 12 Group RAF. The headquarters moved to RAF Newton in 1946 but the bunker remained in use for the duration of the ROTOR program and was mothballed in 1961. The bunker was used as a rifle range by the Awsworth - Kimberley and District Rifle Club.
In May 2010 local police discovered a large cannabis factory inside the bunker.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20915804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915804" title="Frank Makosky">
Frank Makosky

Frank Makosky (January 20, 1910 – January 10, 1987) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Makosky played for the New York Yankees in . In 26 career games, he had a 5–2 record, with a 4.97 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.
Makosky was born in Boonton, New Jersey and died in Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20915808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915808" title="Gervase Clifton (died 1471)">
Gervase Clifton (died 1471)

Sir Gervase Clifton (died 6 May 1471) of Clifton, Nottinghamshire and London was a 15th-century English knight and landowner. He was beheaded after the Battle of Tewkesbury.
Family.
Gervase Clifton was a junior member of the Clifton family of Nottinghamshire.
Gervase Clifton was the son of Sir Gervase Clifton (d. 15 November 1453) of Hodsock and Clifton, Nottinghamshire, only son of Sir John Clifton (slain at the Battle of Shrewsbury on 21 July 1403), and his wife, Katherine Cressy. Gervase Clifton's mother was Isabel Fraunceys (d. 13 June 1457), the daughter of Sir Robert Fraunceys of Foremark, Derbyshire. His only sibling was a brother, Robert Clifton.
Career.
Clifton served as Lieutenant of Dover Castle and as Captain of Pontoise, France where he was knighted. He came into an estate at Brabourne, Kent, by his marriage to an heiress, Isabel Herbert. He was Mayor of Canterbury in 1450, served as High Sheriff of Kent 1439, 1450 and 1458 and represented Kent in the Parliament of 1455.
He was briefly Treasurer of the Household of Henry VI and Treasurer of Calais 1450–60.
He was declared a traitor for his support of Margaret of Anjou. He took part in and was captured at the Battle of Tewkesbury during the Wars of the Roses and was beheaded in Tewkesbury market place along with other Lancastrian leaders on 6 May 1471.
Marriages and issue.
Clifton married firstly Isabel Herbert (died c. November 1457), widow of William Scott (d. 5 February 1434), esquire, of Brabourne, Kent, and daughter of Vincent Herbert ("alias" Finche), esquire, of Netherfield, Sussex by Isabel Cralle, the daughter and coheiress of Robert Cralle, by whom he had two daughters:
Clifton married secondly, before 20 March 1463, Maud Stanhope, widow firstly of Robert Willoughby, 6th Baron Willoughby de Eresby (d. 25 July 1452), and secondly of Sir Thomas Neville (d. 30 December 1460), second son of Richard Neville, 5th Earl of Salisbury, slain 30 December 1460 at the Battle of Wakefield. Maud Stanhope was the daughter of Sir Richard Stanhope (d. 1436) of Rampton, Nottinghamshire by his second wife, Maud Cromwell (d. 30 August 1497), daughter of Ralph Cromwell, 2nd Baron Cromwell (died c. 2 May 1417). Maud Stanhope was the niece and coheiress of Ralph de Cromwell, 3rd Baron Cromwell (d. 4 January 1456), and the heiress of her sister, Joan Stanhope (d. 10 March 1490), who had married firstly Sir Humphrey Bourchier, slain at the Battle of Barnet on 14 April 1471, and secondly Sir Robert Radcliffe of Hunstanton, Norfolk. There were no issue of Clifton's second marriage, and after his death his widow, Maud Stanhope, alleged that he had 'wasted and destroyed' more than £1000 worth of jewels, plate and household goods which she brought to the marriage. She died 30 August 1497, and was buried in the Collegiate Church at Tattershall, Lincolnshire.; 

</doc>
<doc id="20915811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915811" title="Dad and Dave Come to Town">
Dad and Dave Come to Town

Dad and Dave Come to Town is a 1938 Australian comedy film directed by Ken G. Hall, the third in the 'Dad and Dave' comedy series starring Bert Bailey. It was the feature film debut of Peter Finch.
Synopsis.
Life is busy on the Rudd farm: Dave keeps inventing things, Joe has a tooth ache, Billy Ryan wants to marry Sarah Rudd but Dad is feuding with Billy's father, Old Man Ryan, who wants to buy Dad's bottom paddock. 
Dad receives news that his brother, Alfred, whom he hasn't seen in 20 years, has died and left Dad a house in the city, Bellavista, along with a shop that sells women's clothes called Cecille's. Dad moves to the city with Dave, Mum and daughter Jill. He discovers that the store is struggling, and is unaware that the store's manager, Rawlins, is secretly in league with a rival shop owner, Pierre, who wants to take over Cecille's.
Dad puts Jill in charge and she starts rejuvenating the store, impressing the effeminate floorwalker, Entwistle. She discovers Rawlins' treachery and forces him to resign, replacing him with Entwistle as manager. She hires a young press agent, Jim Bradley, who used to work for Pierre, to promote the store. Jill and Jim begin a romance. Dave falls for a store model called Myrtle and Mum is hounded out of the kitchen at Bellavista by the housekeeper, Miss Quince. Jill and Jim want to renovate Cecille's and put on a giant fashion show. Dad agrees and borrows money against his farm to finance it.
The show looks as though it is going to be a big success when Pierre reveals he lent Dad's brother £1,000 and calls in the debt the night before. Dad is inspired to keep going by some inspiring words from Mum, who fires Miss Quince. Pierre orders bailiffs to repossess Cecille's during the show, but Dave, Myrtle and Entwistle manage to stop them by getting Myrtle to lure them into a room and Dave knocking them out. Pierre then arrives with the police, but Dad is bailed out by Old Man Ryan, who pays the £1,000. The show is a big success, and Dad returns to the country, leaving Jill in charge of Cecille's, with a new appreciation for people who live in the city.
Production.
Scripting.
Hall made the movie because Cinesound Productions needed a guaranteed box office success. There had recently been a ruling that Australian films were no longer eligible as British under the local quotas in England, which hurt their ability to sell overseas. Hall needed to make a film which was appealed to local audiences and "On Our Selection" (1932) had just enjoyed a fifth run in Sydney, indicating the market was still strong for Dad and Dave movies. 
"I'm fully prepared for verbal onslaughts from a certain section of the public that considers we are ruining Australia's prestige overseas," said Hall before filming. "In fact, it's the English markets that vitally concern us. But as our pictures have been subjected to certain restrictions there, we have cut our cloth to suit our pocket. Cinesound's next picture will be made for Australian audiences."
Unlike the first two Dad and Dave films, this was not based on a play by Bailey but an original story by Ken G. Hall. Hall claims he asked his regular writer Frank Harvey to develop a premise, but Harvey could not do it, and indeed threatened to resign prior to the scripting of the film because he felt he couldn't write comedy. However, Hall came up with a story and Harvey stayed on the film, ending up with a writing credit. Uncredited work was done on the script by Hall's "comedy team" of Jim Bancks, Hal Carleton and Bill Maloney. The humour was considerably more risque than normal for a Cinesound film.
Casting.
Bert Bailey and Fred MacDonald repeated their roles as Dad and Dave from the earlier films in the series, but the rest of the cast were newcomers. Ingenue Shirley Ann Richards, who was under long-term contract to Cinesound Productions was cast as Jill. Billy Rayes and Leila Steppe were both Americans touring on the Tivoli vaudeville circuit.
Peter Finch plays a young man in love with Dad Rudd's daughter Sarah (Valerie Scanlan). Finch had appeared in a short film, "The Magic Shoes" (1935), but this was his first feature. He was recommended to Hall by George Cross, Cinesound's casting director, and so impressed the director he was cast in the role. 
"He was almost painfully thin in his early days, with high, prominent cheekbones, and his looks gave no real promise of the handsome, world-class screen star he matured into overseas," wrote Hall late. "But from the beginning he was a really first-class actor." Indeed, Hall later cast him in a larger role in "Mr. Chedworth Steps Out" (1939).
Valerie Scanlan was an 18 year old Sydney actor who had come to the attention of George Cross in an amateur proudction of "Men Without Wives". It was her first film role.
Muriel Flood was a former vaudeville actor who was a well known radio personality "Susie" on 2GB.
Shooting.
The film was shot in mid 1938 at Cinesound's Bondi studio and on location in Camden. In contrast with "On Our Selection", an estimated 75% of which was shot on location, only 20% of "Dad and Dave Come to Town" was filmed outside the studio.
The fashion show involved 45 dresses designed by Mavis Ripper worth £2,000 worn by 18 different girls.
Reception.
Reviews were extremely positive. The film was a success at the box office, Ken G. Hall later calling it a "very substantial hit", which matched the earnings of "On Our Selection" in Australia and exceeded them in New Zealand.It led to a fourth (and final) entry in the series, "Dad Rudd, MP" (1940), in which many of the cast of this film reprised their roles.
The film was released in England as The Rudd Family Goes to Town, and was the first Australian movie to screen in a cinema on the West End. According to Hall, it earned over £35,000 in Britain. It was released in the USA as The Farmer Goes to Town.
Legacy.
In one scene, Jill (Shirley Ann Richards) says to Jim Bradley (Billy Rayes), "Don't call me girlie". This line was used as the title for a 1985 documentary about women in the Australian film industry.
The character of Entwistle (Alec Kellaway), the effeminate floorwalker who works at the fashion store, is a rare gay character in early Australian cinema. Although a stereotype, he is depicted as a loyal friend of the hero - the "first upfront camp male character to be treated in a positive fashion" and was so popular with audiences he returned in "Dad Rudd, MP" (1940).

</doc>
<doc id="20915823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915823" title="Steve Sekely">
Steve Sekely

Steve Sekely (1899-1979) was a Hungarian film director. Born Székely István, he was known by several names, based on his changing professional and immigration status, including Stefan Szekely. 
He directed films in Hungarian, German, and English. 
He worked as a newspaper journalist in Germany, before returning to Hungary in the early 1930s. He directed one of the most famous classic Hungarian films, the frequently revived comedy "Hyppolit, a lakáj" (1931). That film was remade in 2000 and the original was later digitally restored and released on DVD. 
Sekely left pre-war Hungary, fleeing growing Fascism and laws restricting rights and professional opportunities for Jews. 
He worked in Hollywood for much of his subsequent career, directing mostly B movies and early episodic TV, although he directed his best-known English language film, the cult science fiction thriller "The Day of the Triffids" in the UK and returned to Hungary to direct his final film, "The Girl Who Liked Purple Flowers," which was released in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20915824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915824" title="Peter Johnson">
Peter Johnson

Peter Johnson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20915825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915825" title="St Mary's Hospital, Isle of Wight">
St Mary's Hospital, Isle of Wight

St Mary's Hospital is a 477-bed hospital located on the outskirts of Newport on the Isle of Wight run by the Isle of Wight NHS Trust. The hospital also contains a private wing, which holds 11 beds.
Specialist services provided at the hospital include urology, orthopaedics, ophthalmology, ear nose and throat (ENT), cardiology, gastroenterology, rehabilitation, respiratory, dermatology, care of the elderly, rheumatology, gynaecology, maternity and paediatrics.
Public transport is provided by the number 1 bus, which runs every 6 minutes in the daytime to Newport and Cowes, along the main road.

</doc>
<doc id="20915831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915831" title="J. Paul Reason">
J. Paul Reason

Joseph Paul Reason (born in Washington, D.C. on 22 March 1941) was Commander in Chief, United States Atlantic Fleet from 1996 to 1999. Earlier in his career, as a commander, he was naval aide to the President of the United States, Jimmy Carter, from December 1976 to June 1979. In 1996, Reason became the first African-American officer in the United States Navy to become a four-star admiral.
Family, early life, and education.
The son of Joseph Reason, a professor of romance languages and director of libraries at Howard University, and his wife, Bernice, a high school teacher of biology, Reason grew up in a multiracial environment, living from 1944 in a home on Girard Street, NE, in Washington, DC. He participated in an integrated Boy Scout Troop and attended McKinley Technology High School, spending a period every summer at a camp on Lake Winnipesaukee in New Hampshire. In 1957-58, during his senior year in High School, Reason became interested in the Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps, but was not selected although he ranked second out of 300 applicants. Following this rejection, he spent his freshman year at Swarthmore College, his sophomore year at Lincoln University (Pennsylvania), and his junior year at Howard University. As he was completing his junior year at Howard University, Congressman Charles Diggs, Jr., (D-MI), contacted him and encouraged him to apply to the United States Naval Academy. Accepted for the Naval Academy Class of 1965, Reason reported to Annapolis as a Midshipman on 28 June 1961 and graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in naval science and a commission as an Ensign on 9 June 1965. Three days later, he married Dianne Lillian Fowler in the Naval Academy Chapel. They have a son and a daughter.
Naval career.
Following his commissioning, from June to September 1965, Reason served as operations officer in USS J. Douglas Blackwood (DE-219), before attending the Naval Nuclear Power School at Bainbridge, Maryland from September 1965 to March 1966, then attended the Naval Nuclear power training Unit at Schenectady, New York from March to September 1966. On completion of his nuclear power training, Reason was assigned to USS Truxtun (CGN-35) and participated in the ship’s first deployment to Southeast Asia in 1968 during the Vietnam War. In September 1969, he entered the Naval Postgraduate School as a student, where he earned a Master of Science degree in computer systems management.
In December 1970, Reason was assigned to the nuclear aircraft carrier USS Enterprise (CVN-65), in which he served until January 1973, making two deployments to the Southeast Asian and Indian Ocean areas. From January to August 1973, he attended the Naval Destroyer School at Naval Station Newport, Rhode Island, followed by the Combat System Technical Schools Command at Mare Island from August 1973 through January 1974.
Returning to USS Truxtun (CGN-35), Reason served as her Combat Systems Officer from January 1974 until June 1976. On completion of this sea assignment, Reason became a detailer for Surface Nuclear Junior Officer Assignment and Placement Branch, Bureau of Naval Personnel in Washington until December 1976, when he was assigned to the White House as Naval Aide to the President of the United States, Jimmy Carter.
In June 1979, he became executive officer of USS Mississippi (CGN-40) and remained in that post until May 1981, when he was ordered to the Surface Warfare Officers School Command at Newport, Rhode Island in preparation for assignment in command of USS Coontz (DDG-40). Taking up his first command in September 1981, he remained in USS Coontz (DDG-40), until December 1982. From sea duty, he was assigned to Naval Reactors, Department of Energy for instruction until April 1983, when he took command of the nuclear-powered guided missile cruiser USS Bainbridge (CGN-25) until July 1986, during which period he was promoted to Captain on 1 October 1983.
Selected for promotion to Rear Admiral (lower half) on 26 June 1986, he served as Commander, Naval Base, Seattle, Washington from July 1986 to September 1988, in which position he was responsible for all naval activities in the states of Washington, Oregon, and Alaska. Returning to sea duty, he commanded Cruiser-Destroyer Group 1 until November 1990, then, promoted to Rear Admiral (upper half). At the same time, he commanded Battle Group Romeo in operations in the Pacific, Indian Ocean, and Persian Gulf regions. Following his selection to Vice Admiral in 1991, He commanded Naval Surface Forces, U.S. Atlantic Fleet, from January 1991 to July 1994.
From August 1994 to November 1996, Reason served as Deputy Chief of Naval Operations, Plans, Policy, and Operations (N3/N5). In November 1996, he was selected for promotion to four-star admiral and assigned as Commander in Chief, United States Atlantic Fleet until he retired from active duty in 1999.
Post-military career.
Admiral Reason was Vice President for Ship Systems at SYNTEK Technologies, Inc. of Arlington, Virginia, from the end of his naval service in 1999 until 2000. He then became President and COO, and Vice Chairman of Metro Machine Corp., a ship repair company from 2000 to 2006.
He has been a Director of Amgen, Inc., Norfolk Southern Corporation, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Todd shipyards, as well as a member of the Oak Ridge Associated Universities, and the National War Powers Commission. In 2008, he was appointed to a four-year term as a member of the Secretary of the Navy's Advisory Subcommittee on Naval History.
Decorations and medals.
United States decorations and medals
Foreign decorations

</doc>
<doc id="20915843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915843" title="Motorways in the Republic of Ireland">
Motorways in the Republic of Ireland

In Ireland, the highest category of road is a motorway ("mótarbhealach", plural: "mótarbhealaí"), indicated by the prefix M followed by one, two or three digits. The Motorway network predominantly consists of two-lane dual carriageways primarily focused around Dublin, although a few motorways contain three lanes and the M50 has four lanes at some points.
Completion of the Major Inter Urban route Motorway development project in December 2010 which connected Dublin completely by motorway to the cities of Cork, Limerick, Waterford and Galway, as well as other projects, has increased the total motorway network in the state to approximately . Planned new road construction will possibly lead to almost of motorway by 2015, but these plans are not funded.
Features.
Regulations.
Motorways in Ireland have a set of restrictions, which prohibit certain traffic from using the road. The following classes of traffic are not allowed on Irish motorways:
Rules for driving on motorways include the following:
The general motorway speed limit is 120 km/h (75 mph)
Specification.
"For more on motorway specification in general, view this motorway article."
Motorways in Ireland are generally constructed to high-quality dual carriageway standard – with sightlines, curves and elevation designed for 120 km/h speeds. Until recently, all motorways were built with wide medians in the centre, which typically have a wire or steel barrier. The more recent schemes have narrow medians, only 3 metres in width, with a concrete barrier in the middle. These narrow-median schemes also have reduced carriageway width – a typical narrow-median motorway cross section has two 3.5-metre running lanes, a 2.5-metre hard shoulder and a 1.5-metre central reserve in each direction whereas a typical wide median motorway has 3.75-metre running lanes and a 3-metre hard shoulder. Ireland has only a small amount of D3M (motorway with three lanes in each direction). The M50 is the most notable example, having been upgraded in parts from a two-lane motorway, to a three or four lane motorway in each direction.
Apart from terminal junctions, motorways can only be accessed using grade-separated junctions. These typically take the form of roundabout interchanges for higher-capacity junctions, or dumbbell interchanges – which are a variant on the diamond-style interchange. – for lower-trafficked interchanges. A number of other types of junction are also used on the motorway network. The M4/M6 and M7/M9 junctions use a variant of the trumpet-style interchange while the M50/N7 and M50/N4 interchanges use partial cloverleaf junctions.
Safety.
Motorways in Ireland include several safety features not found on other classes of road. The most notable include the presence of a continuous hard-shoulder, use of crash barriers, superior lighting and provision of emergency phones at regular intervals. Some motorway schemes include deflectors to provide protection at interchanges.
Signage.
Motorway signage in Ireland is blue, and is similar in design to UK signage. Route numbers use the Motorway font, and text uses an Irish variant of the Transport Medium typeface (officially described as italic, but more correctly oblique).
Route number inheritance.
In Ireland all motorways form part of a national route. The M50 was the only motorway that initially did not form part of an existing national primary route, though it was designated as the national primary route N50 in 1994.
In most cases, motorways have been built as a by-pass of a road previously forming the national road (e.g. M7 by-passing roads previously forming the N7). The by-passed roads are then generally reclassified as regional roads. Under Irish legislation (the "Roads Act 1993"), motorways are sections of roads with special regulations and they are signposted with the M prefix to indicate that they are under motorway regulations.
Present network.
The following table shows a list of motorways currently open in Ireland.
History.
1983–1989.
In 1983, the first sections of Irish motorway were opened: a short section of M7 bypassing Naas and the first stretch of M1 (part of which has now been redesignated M50). The M1 was later extended in 1985 to Dublin Airport.
1990–1999.
Ireland's motorway network began to expand significantly between 1990 and 1999. The first of the projects completed in this period was the western section of the M50, linking the N7, N4 and N3 together in 1990. This was quickly followed by the M11 Bray/Shankhill bypass in 1991. After this there followed a lull in construction after what had been a busy few years in motorway construction by then Irish road building standards. 1993 saw an extension to the M7, continuing from the Naas Bypass and providing a bypass of the town of Newbridge, as well as the M9 Kilcullen spur. In addition, another small section of M1, a bypass of Dunleer in County Louth was opened. The Leixlip to Kilcock motorway was completed in 1994, forming part of the M4. In 1995 there were no new motorways opened and in 1996 only the northern section of the M50 was opened, linking the existing motorway to the N2 and M1. The Portlaoise bypass opened as M7 in 1997 and like the M1 Dunleer bypass, seemed very isolated compared to the rest of the network which was concentrated around Dublin. 1998 featured the opening of another short piece of M1, this time to the south of Balbriggan, modern day junctions 5 and 6. In 1999 however, there were no new sections of motorway opened.
2000–2010.
The first decade of the twenty-first century saw a major expansion in the construction of new motorways in Ireland, after an initially slow start. There were no new motorways opened in 2000 but another section of the M1, extending the Dunleer bypass northwards to the south of Dundalk (junction 16), and the M50 Southern Cross Route were opened in 2001. Continuing the quiet period, 2002 also saw no new motorway in Ireland, but 2003 was a big year. Finally the various sections of M1 were joined together, creating continuous motorway from Dublin to just south of Dundalk. A key part of this route was the Drogheda bypass which was tolled. Also in 2003, the M7 was extended westwards from Newbridge to also bypass Kildare (up to modern day junction 13). A year later and this had been extended further so that both sections of M7 were joined. This provided continuous motorway from Naas to Portlaoise.
By 2005, projects were beginning to be completed faster and in this year the M4 was extended from Kilcock to Kinnegad, this section of motorway having a toll applied to it, one of the first PPP schemes to be trialled in Ireland. The M1 Dundalk bypass was also finished, meaning that there was now a full motorway link on the Dublin to Belfast route virtually as far as the border. Finally in 2005, the M50 was extended to link up to the M11, providing a full western bypass of the capital. In 2006, the M8 Fermoy to Watergrasshill motorway was opened, another section that was tolled. Also a section of what would become M6 was completed, going westwards from the M4 at Kinnegad to Tyrrellspass, the road was opened as N6 and was the first section of road to be completed that would be affected by the Roads Act 2007 and motorway redesignation. In 2007 the same road was extended by some 10 km to join with the N52 north of Tullamore, still opened as N6 as the first tranche of motorway redesignations had only just been submitted.
2008 was one of the most important years for Irish motorways, with a large section of M8 opened, making it the longest motorway in the country. Stretching from Urlingford to just east of Mitchelstown, the motorway opened in various sections, the first being the Cashel bypass, which opened in 2004, and which was followed by the Cashel to Mitchelstown section, both of which were open before the redesignation to motorway came into effect on 24 September 2008. The Urlingford to Cashel section opened later on in the year and so became motorway immediately. Also opened in 2008 was the M9 Carlow bypass which was also open to traffic before the redesignation came into effect. Finally, the M6 was extended to the Athlone bypass and Ireland's motorway network was greatly expanded.
2009 was another major milestone in the development of the Irish motorway network, with many projects under construction finished by the end of the year. Redesignation of High-Quality Dual-Carriageway sections of National Primary routes to motorway took effect on 28 August 2009, further expanding the network. On 18 December 2009 the M6 was opened (Dublin-Galway direct)it is 194 km of motorway. The M9 (linking Dublin to Carlow) was opened on Monday 21 December 2009 and was expanded in March 2010 to link Dublin to Waterford directly. The M9 was fully completed with the opening of the Carlow to Knocktopher section on 9 September 2010.
2010:
M3: 61 km of motorway in County Meath opened on 4 June 2010.
M7: Nenagh – Limerick, 38 km long, opened in three stages, being fully opened on 28 September 2010.
M7: Limerick – Shannon motorway tunnel, 10 km long, opened ahead of schedule on 27 July 2010.
M7: Castletown – Nenagh, 36 km long, opened 22 December 2010.
M7/M8: Portlaoise – Castletown, Portlaoise to Cullahill, 40 km, opened on 28 May 2010.
M9: Carlow – Knocktopher, 40 km long, opened 9 September 2010.
M9: Knocktopher – Waterford, 24 km long, opened 22 March 2010.
M50: improvements for Dublin, completed August 2010, but expected earlier.
M18: Crusheen and Gort, 22 km, opened 12 November 2010.
Motorway redesignation (tranche 1).
The Roads Act 2007 was passed into law in mid-2007. This Act makes provision for the redesignation of suitable dual carriageways to motorway status. The National Roads Authority made formal applications under Section 8 of the Act to the Minister for Transport on 16 October 2007 regarding dual carriageways which the authority believed to be suitable for redesignation as motorways.
On 29 January 2008, the Department of Transport published notice of the Minister's intention to make the orders being sought and invited submissions or observations to be made to the Minister regarding the NRA's applications.
The consultation procession lasted until 28 March 2008. On 17 July 2008 the statutory instrument redesignating the roads as motorways was signed, and any open parts of these roads have officially become motorways as of 24 September 2008. The Carlow bypass and Kilbeggan-Athlone roads opened with motorway signage but with temporary 100 km/h general speed limits between their opening and their official re-designation as motorways.
The following sections were redesignated:
Motorway redesignation (tranche 2).
On 30 September 2008, the NRA announced its second tranche of proposed motorway redesignations. The closing date for submissions was 14 November 2008 and the Statutory Instrument reclassifying the roads as motorways was made on 2 July 2009, taking effect from 28 August 2009
The following schemes were included:
On the N6, the Athlone bypass had also been included in the proposed redesignations. However, the final order ("the Roads Act 2007 (Declaration of Motorways) Order 2009") did not include this section. However, the section of the N9 road between Powerstown and Waterford, which had been proposed as part of the first tranche but not included in the final order, was included in this order.
Inter-urban motorways.
Linking Dublin to regional cities. These motorways are:
All sections of these motorways were completed by the end of 2010. The completion of these schemes added more than 300 km of motorway to the current network.
Future.
Atlantic Corridor.
Under the government's Transport 21 iniative, Letterkenny will be linked to Waterford and Cork with new high quality roads – collectively known as the "Atlantic Corridor". While it is anticipated much of this scheme will be constructed as either 2+2 dual carriageway or higher quality single-carriageway – a significant portion of it is expected to be constructed as motorway. 
Other motorways.
Other motorway schemes are also being progressed at the moment. A motorway project, the Dublin Outer Orbital Route, may be progressed in the future. It is possible that a motorway will be built to the north of Cork City to link the existing N22, N20 and M8 routes: this route, if built, will most likely be designated as the M22. Other potential motorways include the planned M11 Enniscorthy bypass, a possible extension of the M4 from Mullingar to Longford and the Galway City Outer Bypass which may be built as an extension to the M6.
Motorway service areas.
The NRA has proposed to build a series of service areas across the new motorway network to address the current critical lack of safe rest areas. The first of these opening 15 September 2010 on the M1 at Lusk.
Current service areas:
The following sites have also been proposed:
Originally, service areas were to be located at 12 locations, but a recent An Bord Pleanála decision ruled that a service area to be located at Rathmorrissey at an M6 junction be removed from an adjacent scheme.
It is anticipated that service areas will be provided on both the M3 motorway and the proposed M20 motorway.

</doc>
<doc id="20915851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915851" title="1982 Miami Hurricanes football team">
1982 Miami Hurricanes football team

The 1982 Miami Hurricanes football team represented the University of Miami in the 1982 NCAA Division I-A football season.
Regular season.
Jim Kelly finished his career at Miami with 406 completions in 646 attempts for 5,233 yards and 32 TD's. This performance earned Kelly a place in the University of Miami Hall of Fame when he was inducted in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20915854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915854" title="Jurie van Tonder">
Jurie van Tonder

Jurie van Tonder (born 9 August 1980 in Windhoek) is a Namibian rugby union scrum-half. Van Tonder competed for the Namibia national rugby union team at the 2007 Rugby World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20915869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915869" title="Damaso Espino">
Damaso Espino

Dámaso Matias Espino (born May 8, 1983 in Los Santos, Panama), is a Panamanian professional baseball catcher who is a free agent. He was selected for the Panamanian National Baseball Team for the World Baseball Classic in 2006, 2009, and 2013.
Professional career.
Cincinnati Reds organization.
Espino was originally signed by the Cincinnati Reds as an undrafted free agent infielder in 1999. He played for the Gulf Coast Reds from 2000–2002, earning Gulf Coast League All-Star honors in 2002 as a third baseman when he hit .332 in 58 games.
Kansas City Royals organization.
He was traded by the Reds on March 6, 2003 to the Kansas City Royals. The Royals assigned hin to the Class-A Burlington Bees for 2003 and promoted him to the Wilmington Blue Rocks in 2004. In 2005 he returned to Burlington and made the transition to playing catcher. He spent 2006-2007 in AA with the Wichita Wranglers and made it to AAA in 2008 with the Omaha Royals.
Cleveland Indians organization.
Espino was traded by the Royals to the Cleveland Indians on June 12, 2008 for cash. He remained with the Indians through 2010, playing for the AA Akron Aeros and AAA Columbus Clippers.
World Baseball Classic.
Espino played in the World Baseball Classic for Panama in both 2006 and 2009, with a total of three at-bats in the two series.
Los Angeles Dodgers organization.
He signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers in 2011 and received an invitation to major league camp. He was assigned to the AAA Albuquerque Isotopes, where he appeared in 65 games and hit .292.
Chicago White Sox.
He signed a minor league contract with the Chicago White Sox for 2012. In 66 games with the AA Birmingham Barons, he hit .284. He also played in 3 games with AAA Charlotte in 2012 and 1 game at Charlotte in 2013 before he was released.
Los Angeles Dodgers.
He rejoined the Dodgers in July 13, 2013 and reported to AAA Albuquerque, where he appeared in 19 games and batted .333.
Personal.
Espino's cousin Paolo plays in the Indians organization, was also on Panama's roster for the World Baseball Classic.

</doc>
<doc id="20915875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915875" title="Media-tech association">
Media-tech association

The MEDIA-TECH Association serves the packaged media manufacturing industry, spanning the range of optical disc, Blu-ray disc, flash media and future formats such as holographic memory and near field recording. 
Association Activities.
MEDIA-TECH Member companies are involved in the delivery of entertainment, electronic games, removable methods of data storage along with many other areas of expertise within the media manufacturing industry.
Founding Member Companies.
Tapematic SpA (Milano, Italy), EMOULD GmbH (Aachen,Germany), M2 Engineering AM Stockholm,Sweden) Convac Technologies (Hong Kong, SAR), Comet Automation (Dayton, USA), Singulus Technologies (Kahl, Germany), Steag Hama Tech AG (Sternenfels, Germany) and ODME B.V.(Eindhoven, Netherlands.
MEDIA-TECH Events.
MEDIA-TECH Expo, MEDIA-TECH Conference and Showcase, MEDIA-TECH Europe, Future of Packaged Media and the Entertainment Media Expo (EMX)
Association Trade Outreach.
International Disc Duplicating Association, Blu-ray Disc Association, Digital Entertainment Group (DEG), DVD Association, Entertainment Storage Association, Entertainment Merchants Association and the Content Delivery and Storage Association.
People.
Executive Director: Bryan Ekus

</doc>
<doc id="20915888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915888" title="Poetry Life and Times">
Poetry Life and Times

Poetry Life and Times () is a literary magazine based in England that has been engaged in the promotion of poets and poetry since its establishment in 1998. The magazine has featured several poets and their translations from Greek, French, German, Dutch, Italian, and Spanish, as well as English.
Background.
The magazine was established by Sara Russell in 1998, in the form of a monthly bulletin of poets' news. Its editorship was transferred in April 2006 to Robin Ouzman Hislop and Amparo Perez Arrospide, who further expanded the magazine to poets whose native language was not English (from Zimbabwe, India, Chile, Spain, and Latvia amongst others). The shift was also marked by a trend towards a more critical and politically minded collective voice. The magazine is being hosted by poet David Michael Jackson.
An early contributor was Richard Vallance, whose "Vallance Review" series was published in the magazine since 2001. Dedicated to critical reviews on sonneteers, historical and contemporary, as well as on the evolution of the sonnet, this series examines different structures of classical poetry, in both form and idiom. During a transitional period in 2007, PLT teamed up with Creative Thinkers International to maintain its vast archive of photographs online.
Features.
"Poetry Life and Times" was a bimonthly publication, with Featured and Resident poets' chapters or sections. Both allowed authors to publish their own original creations as well as bio and bibliographical information and external links. International poetry communities (such as the Science Fiction Poetry Association) were also promoted, through free announcements of contests and other events. A third section was dedicated to promoting visual arts, including paintings and literary cartoons. In addition, there was a featured interview with a contemporary poet, publisher or editor, or a critical article. Published poetry was not required to strictly adjust to a given pattern and included modernist and post-modernist views and poetic forms ranging from sonnet, sestina and haiku to tanga and experimental free verse. Among many others, published poets included Jim Dunlap, Amir Or, Aberjhani.

</doc>
<doc id="20915902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915902" title="Bayle St. John">
Bayle St. John

Bayle St. John (1822-1859) was a British travel writer and biographer, one of four sons of James Augustus St. John, all of whom went on to become journalists and authors of some literary distinction. Bayle St. John began contributing to periodicals when only thirteen, and when twenty he wrote a series of papers for Fraser under the title "De re vehiculari, or a Comic History of Chariots". To the same magazine he contributed a series of essays on Montaigne, and in 1857 he published "Montaigne the Essayist, a Biography", in four volumes.
During a residence of two years in Egypt he wrote "The Libyan Desert" (1849), and while in Egypt he learnt Arabic and visited the oasis of Siwa. On his return he settled for some time in Paris and published "Two Years in a Levantine Family" (1850) and "Views in the Oasis of Siwah" (1850). After a second visit to the East he published "Village Life in Egypt" (1852); "Purple Tints of Paris"; "Characters and Manners in the New Empire" (1854); "The Louvre, or Biography of a Museum" (1855); "The Subalpine Kingdom, or Experiences and Studies in Savoy" (1856); "Travels of an Arab Merchant in the Soudan" (1854); "Maretimo, a Story of Adventure" (1856); and "Memoirs of the Duke of Saint-Simon in the Reign of Louis XIV" (four vols., 1857).
He died in 1859, leaving a widow and two sons, and was buried at Kensal Green Cemetery, London.

</doc>
<doc id="20915903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915903" title="The Sunday Leader">
The Sunday Leader

The Sunday Leader is an English-language Sri Lankan weekly newspaper published by Leader Publications (Private) Limited. It was founded in 1994 and is published from Colombo. Its sister newspapers are the "Iruresa" ("Irudina") and the defunct "The Morning Leader". Founded by brothers Lasantha Wickrematunge and Lal Wickrematunge, the newspaper is known for its outspoken and controversial news coverage. The newspaper and its staff have been attacked and threatened several times and its founding editor Lasantha Wickrematunge was assassinated.
History.
"The Sunday Leader" was founded in 1994 by brothers Lasantha Wickrematunge and Lal Wickrematunge with the first edition being published on 19 June 1994. The newspaper was associated with silent partner and leading politician and presidential candidate Gamini Dissanayake who was assassinated on 24 October 1994.
"The Sunday Leader" was shut down by the Sri Lankan government on 22 May 2000 using the recently passed draconian law – the "Emergency (Miscellaneous Provisions and Powers) Regulation No.1 of 2000". The government's chief censor Ariya Rubasinghe had ordered that the newspaper cease publication for six months (22 May 2000 to 21 November 2000) following an article in the paper which mocked the country's censorship of the military situation imposed after the embarrassing defeat in the Second Battle of Elephant Pass. The police locked Leader Publications' printing facility and installed armed guards outside the building. Editor Lasantha Wickrematunge subsequently filed a fundamental rights application with the Supreme Court challenging the closure. On 30 June 2000 the Supreme Court ruled that the ban on "The Sunday Leader" was illegal and ordered the police to re-open the newspaper immediately.
On 5 September 2000 Lasantha Wickrematunge was found guilty of criminally defaming Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga in 1995 article in "The Sunday Leader". Wickrematunge was sentenced to two years in jail, suspended for five years.
Government minister Mahinda Wijesekara threatened to kill Lasantha Wickrematunge in Parliament on 27 July 2003, saying: "Very soon I'll put him in a room and have him shot or he will be stabbed to death!" The threat followed the expose of corruption in Wijesekara's ministry.
Lasantha Wickrematunge was threatened by President Mahinda Rajapaksa using abusive language in a telephone call on 11 January 2006. According Wickrematunge the president had threatened to destroy him saying "Fuck your mother, you son of a bloody whore!...I treated you well all this while. Now I will destroy you". Wickrematunge was detained briefly at Bandaranaike International Airport on 21 February 2006 as he arrived for a flight to Geneva. Airport officials had claimed that Wickrematunge required "special permission" to leave Sri Lanka. In late December 2006 an unsuccessful attempt was made to arrest Lasantha Wickrematunge for "endangering national security" after "The Sunday Leader" published a report exposing a Rs. 500 million luxury bunker to be built in the presidential complex.
Journalist Arthur Wamanan Sornalingam and his mother were arrested by the Criminal Investigation Department on 24 October 2007 following a complaint from government minister Mano Wijeyeratne. The arrest followed an article in 
"The Sunday Leader" which alleged that a government department had paid Wijeyeratne's wife's mobile phone bill. Investigative editor Dilrukshi Handunetti was forced to hand over documents relating to the article to the police. Sornalingam subsequently filed a fundamental rights application with the Supreme Court in relation to the arrest.
On 5 December 2008 a judge ordered Leader Publications not to publish any reports about Defence Secretary Gotabhaya Rajapaksa, brother of President Mahinda Rajapaksa, for two weeks. Gotabhaya had gone to the courts to sue Leader Publications for Rs. 2 billion (€14 million) in damages for publishing "slanderous" reports about him.
Editor Lasantha Wickrematunge was shot dead on 8 January 2009. Frederica Jansz became editor of the newspaper following Wickrematunge's murder. On 22 October 2009 Jansz News Editor Munza Mushtaq were sent handwritten death threats through the post. "We will slice you up if you do not stop your writing," the letters threatened. Jansz told Reporters Without Borders Wickrematunge had been sent an identical letter which was compared by a Graphologist who said all three letters were written by the same fist.
"The Sunday Leader" carried an article on 13 December 2009 entitled "Gota Ordered Them To Be Shot", alleging that Defence Secretary Gotabhaya Rajapaksa ordered the then commander of the 58 Division, Major General Shavendra Silva, to shoot down the surrendering LTTE leaders during the final days of the Sri Lankan Civil War. Sarath Fonseka, the former commander of the Sri Lanka Army, and candidate of the 2010 presidential election who was quoted in the article, initially denied the story, but "The Sunday Leader" subsequently refuted the denial. The story resulted in Fonseka being charged with "“propagating a false rumour", a violation of emergency regulations. In November 2011 Fonseka was found guilty and sentenced to three years in jail and fined Rs. 5,000.
President Mahinda Rajapaksa threatened Leader Publications chairman Lal Wickrematunge in a phone call on 19 July 2011 after the publication of an article that claimed the president and his son Namal Rajapaksa had received payments from China for use "at their discretion". According to Wickrematunge the president had said: "...if you attack me personally, I will know how to attack you personally too."
Editor Frederica Jansz was threatened and insulted by Defence Secretary Gotabhaya Rajapaksa in a phone call on 6 July 2012. According to Jansz the Defence Secretary said: "Yes, I threatened you. Your type of journalists are pigs who eat shit!...I will put you in jail!... People will kill you!!! People hate you!!!"
In September 2012 Asanga Seneviratne, an ally of President Mahinda Rajapaksa, bought a 72% stake in "The Sunday Leader" and its sister newspaper the "Iruresa". Seneviratne is managing director of Asia Fort Asset Management (Pvt) Ltd and vice president of Sri Lanka Cricket. He is also president of Sri Lanka Rugby Football Union and controversially appointed President Rajapaksa's son Yoshitha Rajapaksa as captain of the Sri Lanka national rugby union team. "The Sunday Leader" had published a number of reports exposing Seneviratne's property developments and investment deals. According to editor Frederica Jansz, Seneviratne asked her stop publishing articles critical of the Sri Lankan government and the Rajapaksa family. She refused and on 21 September 2012 she was sacked as editor. Jansz was replaced by Sakuntala Perera as editor of "The Sunday Leader". Seneviratne denies Jansz claims.
Attacks.
"The Sunday Leader" and its employees have been subject to numerous attacks since its foundation in 1994. Lasantha Wickrematunge was assaulted on his way home in 1994. On 7 February 1995 Lasantha Wickrematunge and his ex wife were pulled from their car and beaten. On the night of 18 June 1998 Lasantha Wickrematunge's house in Nugegoda was attacked with Type 56 assault rifles causing extensive damage and narrowly missing Wickrematunge's driver. The attack came after "The Sunday Leader" exposed irregular financial dealings between Minister of Posts, Telecommunication and the Media Mangala Samaraweera and Sri Lanka Telecom CEO Kamitsumo.
Two photographers for "The Sunday Leader", Lakmal Spencer and Ashoka Fernando, were amongst a group of media personnel who were attacked by the police as they covered an opposition rally in Colombo on 15 July 1999. The two men filed a fundamental rights application with the Supreme Court and in October 2001 they were awarded damages of Rs. 86,625 and Rs. 72,750.
On the night of 16 October 2005 armed men entered the printing press of Leader Publications, threatened the manager with "dire consequences" if the newspapers continued to be printed and then set fire to bundles of newspapers. The attack came after "The Sunday Leader" had published an article which alleged that Prime Minister Mahinda Rajapaksa had misappropriated tsunami relief funds.
The printing press of Leader Publications in Ratmalana was burnt down on 21 November 2007 by a group of armed masked men who entered the building, poured petrol on the printing machines and set fire to them. The attack came after "The Morning Leader" had been critical of the Asian Tribune's relationship with a government backed paramilitary group.
Lasantha Wickrematunge was shot dead on 8 January 2009 in Colombo. Three days later an editorial appeared in "The Sunday Leader" written by Wickrematunge before his death in which he predicted his own murder, stating "it will be the government that kills me". Wickrematunge and his newspaper had been highly critical of the government and he had been attacked before. He had been assaulted twice before and his house had been sprayed with machine-gun fire. A number of people including seventeen army personnel were arrested in relation to Wickrematunge's murder but later released. To date no one has been brought to justice for Wickrematunge's murder.
On February 16, 2013 Sunday Leader's Faraz Shauketaly, who holds dual British and Sri Lankan citizenship, was rushed to hospital after being shot in the neck.
Shauketaly was on the phone to a colleague at the Sunday Leader on Friday evening at his home in Mount Lavinia when the call was cut.
Shortly afterwards he answered a call and said he had been shot in the neck by three intruders, who had then escaped.
President Rajapaksa said he would investigate the incident but nobody was apprehended.
On the 24th of August 2013 Journalist Mandana Ismail Abeywickrema's house was invaded by five armed men who held her at knifepoint as they searched her home before police burst in and shot one of the intruders dead, officials said.
Police spokesman Buddhika Siriwardena said three officers were injured when the intruders attacked them with knives. "One intruder was shot dead and the other four have been arrested," he said.
Police described the pre-dawn intrusion as an attempted armed robbery but the island's main press freedom organisation, the Free Media Movement (FMM), said they suspected the attack was linked to her work.

</doc>
<doc id="20915907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915907" title="B Channel (web site)">
B Channel (web site)

B Channel is a video-on-demand (VOD) Internet television network that offers free 24-hour access to a library of popular B movies.
B Channel features an integrated video player where users can watch free streaming video of B movies. The site also provides links to B movie reviewers and information on upcoming conventions and film festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="20915916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915916" title="Metro Gold">
Metro Gold

Metro Gold, also known as 9 Gold, was a Hindi-language terrestrial television channel in India. The channel was a joint venture of both DD Metro & Nine Gold of Kerry Packer and Vinay Maloo' HFCL - Nine Broadcasting India; hence known as Metro Gold. During its first launch, the channel was more likely known as DD Metro channel's "primetime block" from 7pm - 10pm IST, where it will show its programmes only in the given three-hour span on DD Metro Channel. But when the programmes started becoming popular in the primetime slot, DD Metro tried to set up some realistic terms with Nine Gold, which created disagreement between the 
companies and led up the channel's closing.
Metro Gold's programming was targeted at family audiences. The programming covered genres including drama, comedy, horror, and live events. Among its most successful programmes to date are "Kundali", "Kavita", "Kabhii Sautan Kabhii Sahelii", and "Chonch Ladi Re Chonch".
In addition, India's most popular production house, Balaji Telefilms of Ekta Kapoor launched their early hit shows on Metro Gold. Approximately 7% - 10% of their revenues came out of programmes that they launched on Metro Gold Channel.
After Metro Gold went off-air, it signed a contract with STAR Plus, India's number 1 channel & sold-off all of their shows to the channel. STAR Plus bought the entire Nine Gold's library of programmes after signing the deal, and all of the programmes were re-aired on STAR Plus from the beginning. Besides, all of Metro Gold's programmes now belong to (claim by) STAR Plus and known as theirs rather than DD Metro's, despite the fact they were aired on DD Metro channel. The reason was that HFCL - Nine Gold paid DD Metro 1.21 million rupees for the three hours of air-time on DD Metro. And they had full claim and the right to sell their programmes to anyone, and when they signed a deal with STAR Plus, DD Metro had no "say" in it.
Programmes broadcast by Metro Gold.
Note:Following is a list of programmes that were broadcast by Metro Gold Channel at the time it was on-air (now the programmes belong to STAR Plus channel:

</doc>
<doc id="20915920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915920" title="Salvia dolomitica">
Salvia dolomitica

Salvia dolomitica (South African sage) is a perennial shrub native to the northeast province of Transvaal in South Africa, typically growing at 900-1500 m elevation. Profusely covered with grey leaves, it grows to 2 m in height and width in the wild, with pale lilac flowers. 

</doc>
<doc id="20915921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915921" title="No. 108 Squadron RAF">
No. 108 Squadron RAF

Motto "Viribus contractis" ("With gathered strength").
No. 108 Squadron RAF was originally a squadron of the Royal Flying Corps during World War I which continued to serve with the Royal Air Force in World War II.
World War I.
The unit was formed at Stonehenge and it adopted an oak leaf as a badge being symbolic of strength and age. In November 1917, the unit received the first production Airco DH.9 bombers.
In July 1918, the squadron went to Capelle, Dunkirk, equipped with DH9s for day-bombing operations against targets in North-West Belgium. In October 1918, it moved to Bisseghem, Belgium, and remained based there until the Armistice. During its service overseas the squadron made 59 successful bombing raids, 40 reconnaissance flights, 2 photographic flights, dropped approximately 70 tons of bombs, and shot down 9 enemy aircraft (a further 20 were reported shot down but were not confirmed).
Between the wars.
Disbanded in July 1919, the squadron did not reappear in the order of battle until January 1937, when it was re-formed as No 108 (Bomber) Squadron at Upper Heyford.
World War II.
On the day before the outbreak of World War II it became a No. 6 Group training squadron and in April 1940, was absorbed into No 13 OTU.
On 1 August 1941, No. 108 reformed at Kabrit as a night bomber Squadron. Its Wellingtons began bombing raids on 22 September, targets being ports on the Libyan coast and in Greece. In November it began to receive Liberators and these supplemented the Wellingtons until June 1942. On 18 December 1942 the Squadron was reduced to a cadre which was disbanded on 25 December 1942. On 15 March 1943 No. 108 reformed at Shandur as a night fighter Squadron. Its Beaufighters flew night patrols over Egypt, Libya and Malta and were supplemented by Mosquitoes in February 1944. The latter were used for intruder missions until withdrawn in July while the Beaufighters moved back to Libya for intruder operations over Greece and the Aegean. In October 1944 the Squadron moved to Greece and became involved in the attempted Communist take-over of the country in December. After taking part in attacks on rebel positions until the uprising was quelled, the Squadron gave up its aircraft and sailed for Italy in March 1945, disbanding on 28 March 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20915928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915928" title="Farmers Club">
Farmers Club

The Farmers Club is a London club which is based at 3 Whitehall Court.
History.
The club was founded in 1842 by the agricultural writer William Shaw, who invited the founder members from the newly formed Royal Agricultural Society of England, and the Smithfield Club. Shaw's letter set out that the club would be " "a gathering place for farmers which could also serve as a platform, from which would go out to England news of all that was good in farming, with reports of any discussions about those things that needed to be done." "
The club's membership experienced periodic shifts with the changing prosperity of British farmers over the years - there were 700 members in 1876, 275 in 1892, but the club has grown in the 20th century, claiming 1,500 members in the 1920s, and just under 6,000 today.
The club frequently moved premises in its first 60 years. Its inaugural meeting on 9 December 1842 was held in a pub, the Hereford Arms, in King Street, Covent Garden. By April 1893 the club has secured rooms at the York Hotel in Bridge Street, Blackfriars. After several further moves, the club settled on some rooms at 2 Whitehall Court, which it occupied between 1904 and 1942. Whitehall Court is an apartment block built in 1883-87 by the architect firm Archer & Green, with finance from the disgraced MP Jabez Balfour, who used the building's construction to conceal his embezzlement of funds.
In 1942, it moved sideways in the same block of flats to its current premises, which were formed by merging several apartments in 3 Whitehall Court. The rest of the block remains largely residential, and the club's former rooms now make up part of the Royal Horseguards Hotel, owned by Thistle Hotels. 
As well as its London premises, the club has a permanent pavilion at the Royal Showground, National Agricultural Centre, in Stoneleigh, Warwickshire, opened by Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother.
The club, which is open to both sexes, has a flourishing under 30's section, whose current chairman is Beth Hockham, and vice chairman is John Jaques. The U30's section organise social and educational events at the Club as well as two farm walks a year. 
As of 2014, the membership subscription costs between £257 and £360 per year depending on place of residence, with a £85.50 rate for young members (18-25) rising to £131.50 for those aged 26-29. The entrance fee is an additional £280, but is waived for younger members. The Club also offers Family Membership. [http://www.thefarmersclub.com/join/]. Candidates for Membership have to be proposed and seconded by an existing member before they can be accepted into the club.

</doc>
<doc id="20915957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915957" title="Trickjump">
Trickjump

Trickjumps are video game techniques that are used to enhance the mobility of the player when jumping. These methods are sometimes unforeseen by the creator of the game. However, they can also be placed in the game on purpose, often to reward players who practice more.
Types.
The double jump is arguably a form of trickjump. If it is so, then it is the simplest and oldest type (see main article).
The most famous group of trickjumps are the weapon jumps. This type of trickjump harnesses the splash damage of a weapon to propel the game character. Rocket Jumps are the most common. Another variant is the plasma climb, which was introduced in Quake III. Because Quake III's plasma gun was a splash damage weapon with a high rate of fire, it could be used to "climb" up walls. The genesis of the weapon jump could possibly be Duke Nukem II, where the player could "fly" by aiming a flamethrower downward. Super Metroid featured the first appearance of the turbo bomb technique, wherein Samus rolls into the Morph Ball and then detonates a bomb. The blast makes her hop slightly in the air, and another bomb is set in mid-air, which then explodes and sends her even higher, and allowing the player to "climb" indefinitely. The name turbo bomb comes from the use of a turbo controller to lay the bombs at the correct intervals to climb.
Bunny hopping is another simple trickjump.
Grenade jumping is another simple trickjump.
Strafe jumping is a trickjump that is specific to games descended from id Software's Quake engines.
Halo Trickjumping.
Halo has been one of the more prominent games involving trick jumping, where players use techniques to get to a location as visually appealing, efficient, or skillful as possible. Trick jumping in Halo has been around since the franchise's first release. It was popularized in "Halo 2" by Trickjumper "Mr. Jukes". New techniques have been adapted and carried on as the franchise precedes. The most popular Halo Trickjumping video released has been "Look Before You Leap 2" developed by Halo Trickbuming team "Bojangles". The video has over 300,000 and at one point was featured as Youtube's #1 gaming video. The video was posted on Bungie's website and all members of Bojangles were rewarded Halo 3's most exclusive armor, Hayabusa. The video featured a variety of Trickjumping techniques, including "ghost jumping", "rubbles", "slide jumping", "stacking", "slide ramping", and more.
The Halo Trickjumping community was originally led at "High Impact Halo", created by a man who called himself "Ducain" on the forums. However, after it's end, the Halo Trickjumping community is now based at "jumprs.org", created by one they call "Derek".
Types of Halo Trickjumping.
• Stacking is where a player prepares one or a series of explosives timed so that they explode at the same time to achieve a great height. These explosives can include grenades, rockets, etc.
• Clearly Me-ing is when a player jumps off of an invisible forge ball while in mid-air. This can include vines.
• Exile-ing is a recently discovered method that has been the cause of much controversy as the meta-game evolves. It is when a player uses the high pitched frequency of various in-game objects to induce an allocated amount of height over time. It is often referred to as "Kesha on helium" by the community members, and the terminology, while unprofessional, has stuck. This method, although useful, is typically avoided due to its "boring" and "Anonymous~" nature.
• Slide jumping is where a player uses their momentum to jump off of a slanted geometry to achieve even more momentum and speed.
• Magic Carpet is where a player runs off of a move-able object to gain extra speed. This happens because of Bungie's game engine.
• Rubble Jumping are jumps that involve jumping off of a solid object in the air. This object could be a cone, an explosive, a piece of shrapnel, etc.
• Ghost Jumping is one of the most used techniques in Halo Trick Jumping. A player uses it when wanting to achieve a second jump where it is not originally possible. There are three kinds of Ghost Jumping. The original ghost jump is where a player jumps up a slanted wall and achieves a second jump where the slanted wall and another piece of geometry meet. The second type is called "Edge Ghosting" where the player hits their head on a slanted part of the ceiling or wall, allowing them to jump another time while in mid-air. The last type is known as a "90" where a player simulates an Edge Ghost on not a slanted ceiling, but a ceiling that forms a perfect 90° between it and the wall. It is not exactly known why it occurs, but it is because of Bungie's game engine that this is achievable.
• Save Jumps are where a player jumps once more to clear their landing (often to avoid falling) after making it to their destination.
• Slide Ramping is where a player uses the momentum of a Slide Jump to ramp a slope next to the slide. So instead of using the sliding momentum to go forward, the player immediately hits the ramp and uses the momentum to go upwards to achieve more height.

</doc>
<doc id="20915973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915973" title="A Long Walk (film)">
A Long Walk (film)


</doc>
<doc id="20915974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915974" title="SS City of Philadelphia">
SS City of Philadelphia

The SS "City of Philadelphia" was an iron-hulled single screw passenger steam ship owned by the Liverpool and Philadelphia Steam Ship Company, also known as the "Inman Line."
The third vessel owned by the company, "City of Philadelphia" was an improvement on the design of SS "City of Manchester".
On September 9, 1854, she was wrecked near Cape Race on her maiden voyage, without loss of life. 

</doc>
<doc id="20915976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915976" title="Hugh Gough (bishop)">
Hugh Gough (bishop)

Gough was born into a clerical family. He was educated at Weymouth College and Trinity College, Cambridge and ordained a deacon in 1928 and a priest in 1929. His first position was as a curate at St Mary’s Islington.
He was then successively perpetual curate of St Paul's Walcot, Bath, vicar of St James' Carlisle, a chaplain in the British Armed Forces during World War II and (before his ordination to the episcopate) the Rural Dean of Islington in 1946 and prebendary of St Paul's Cathedral, London, in 1948.
He was the Bishop of Barking from 1948 to 1959 and Archdeacon of West Ham for most of that time before he was translated to be the Archbishop of Sydney, during which time he also served as Primate of the Church of England in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20915982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915982" title="1989 Southern Miss Golden Eagles football team">
1989 Southern Miss Golden Eagles football team

The 1989 Southern Miss Golden Eagles football team represented the University of Southern Mississippi in the 1989 NCAA college football season and were led by Brett Favre.
Regular season.
The 1989 Golden Eagles Offensively by Brett Favre(Quarterback) and Defensively by Orlando Harris(Linebacker) had one of the biggest upsets of the college football season when they beat the Florida State Seminoles by a score of 30-26. In a game against the Louisville Cardinals, Southern Miss was on its own 21-yard line with six seconds left in a 10-10 tie. This was the result of a missed field goal by Louisville would have given them the lead. Brett Favre threw a Hail Mary pass that was deflected, but it bounced off the helmet of Southern Mississippi's Michael Jackson and into the hands of wide receiver Darryl Tillman, who scored a touchdown with no time left. The play was later voted on as one of the "Top 5 Memorable Moments" in college football history in an online vote at ESPN.com.

</doc>
<doc id="20915983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915983" title="National Elm Trial">
National Elm Trial

The National Elm Trial is an American volunteer effort to evaluate a range of newly developed elm cultivars as replacements for elms destroyed by Dutch elm disease (DED). It is coordinated by Colorado State University.
The trial began in 2005, but has been restricted to elm cultivars commercially available in the USA, unlike the trial conducted by Iowa State University in the 1970s which included the most recent European developments. The trial will be conducted for 10 years, with annual assessments of each tree for height, diameter, crown characteristics, and fall color, as well as response to vascular diseases, canker diseases, foliar diseases, insect infestations, bark beetle infestations, and abiotic damages. Stated goals of the trial are as follows:
As of January 2000, 19 distinct cultivars are being evaluated in regional trials taking place under the scientific supervision of Auburn University, University of California at Davis, Colorado State University, Purdue University, Iowa State University, Kansas State University, Michigan State University, University of Minnesota, Rutgers University, State University of New York, North Dakota State University, Ohio State University, Utah State University, University of Vermont, Washington State University, and West Virginia University.

</doc>
<doc id="20915987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20915987" title="Gajendrakumar Ponnambalam">
Gajendrakumar Ponnambalam

Gajendrakumar Gangaser Ponnambalam, is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician, former Member of Parliament and lawyer. He is the current leader of the All Ceylon Tamil Congress, a member of the Tamil National People's Front (TNPF).
Gajendrakumar hails from a prominent Sri Lankan Tamil family - he is the son of Kumar Ponnambalam and grandson of G. G. Ponnambalam
Gajendrakumar represented the Jaffna multi-member electoral district for the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) in the Sri Lankan Parliament between December 2001 and February 2010.
In 2010 Gajendrakumar left the TNA, taking the ACTC with him. He subsequently formed the Tamil National People's Front (TNPF) with other dissident members of the TNA. He stood as one of the TNPF candidates in Jaffna District in the 2010 parliamentary election. The TNPF failed to win any seats in Parliament.
Gajendrakumar received his education at Royal College, Colombo and the Colombo International School. He read Law at the University of London graduating with a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1995 and qualified as a Barrister-at-Law from Lincoln's Inn and was called to the Bar of England and Wales in 1997. Upon return to Sri Lanka, he qualified as an Attorney-at-Law and was called to the Bar of Sri Lanka in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20916002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916002" title="The Drinker's Dictionary">
The Drinker's Dictionary

The Drinker's Dictionary is a list of 228 "round-about phrases" to describe drunkenness. It was published January 13, 1737 (1736 Old Style) in the "Pennsylvania Gazette". The Pennsylvania Gazette publication is attributed to Benjamin Franklin and appears in his memoirs; however, a very similar wordlist appears in the New England Weekly Journal on July 6, 1736 and differences between the two suggest earlier origins by a different author.

</doc>
<doc id="20916004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916004" title="2009 Japanese television dramas">
2009 Japanese television dramas

←2008 - 2009 - 2010→
This is a list of Japanese television dramas often called "doramas" by fans.
2009 winter season.
Series
Specials
2009 spring season.
Series
Specials
2009 summer season.
Series
Specials
2009 autumn season.
Series

</doc>
<doc id="20916010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916010" title="Avia M 337">
Avia M 337

The Avia M 337 (originally designated the Walter M337) is an inverted six-cylinder air-cooled inline engine. It was developed by the Czechoslovak company as a six-cylinder derivative of the four-cylinder M 332 engine, going into production in 1960. An unsupercharged version of the M 337 is designated M 137. Production transferred to Avia in 1964, and to Letecke Opravny Malesice (LOM) in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20916022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916022" title="No. 295 Squadron RAF">
No. 295 Squadron RAF

No 295 Squadron RAF was an airborne forces and transport squadron of the Royal Air Force during World War II. It was the first unit to be equipped with the Armstrong Whitworth Albemarle transport and glider tug aircraft.
History.
With the Airborne Forces.
No. 295 Squadron was formed on 3 August 1942 at RAF Station Netheravon as an airborne forces unit, equipped with Whitley Mk.Vs. These were from November 1942 used in leaflet dropping mission over France, supplemented in February 1943 with Halifax Mk.Vs, which they used in Operation Beggar. By October 1943 the squadron converted to the Albemarle Mk.I. With these aircraft the squadron shared – with 570 sqn.- the honour of being the first to drop troops over Normandy on the eve of D-Day, while other aircraft of the squadron towed gliders to the landing zones. The Albemarles gave way in July 1944 to the Stirling Mk.IV, the squadron used these aircraft during the Battle of Arnhem during Operation Market Garden, again towing gliders.
In early October 1944, Short Stirlings of the RAF's No 295 Squadron took up residence at RAF Station Rivenhall, with most of its operations consisting of supply drops to Norwegian resistance forces and similar activities over Holland and Denmark. The last assault action with the Stirlings was on 24 March 1945, when the unit took part in Operation Varsity, the crossing of the Rhine. The Stirlings further provided service carrying troops to Norway to disarm the Germans there when the war was over. The squadron was disbanded at RAF Station Rivenhall on 21 January 1946, whereupon the station was held on a care and maintenance basis.
With Transport Command.
On that same day 190 squadron was renumbered to 295 squadron as a Transport Squadron (Rawlings claims 1 February, and does not mention the renumbering), flying Halifaxes of the A.7 type. It was soon disbanded however, on 31 March 1946 at RAF Station Tarrant Rushton, the same airfield where it had been reformed, and renumbered to 297 Squadron
With the Airborne Forces again.
The squadron was reformed again as an airborne forces squadron on 10 September 1947 at RAF Station Fairford, again flying Halifaxes, but of the type A.9 now. After a little more than a year it disbanded again, at Fairford, on 1 October 1948, on 31 October 1948, or on 1 November 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20916031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916031" title="Cross-sea traffic ways">
Cross-sea traffic ways

Cross-sea traffic ways are vehicle or railroad traffic ways across the sea. Such traffic ways could include bridges or tunnels.

</doc>
<doc id="20916032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916032" title="Get 27">
Get 27

Get 27 (/dʒɛt/) is a liquor with mint used as an apéritif or in cocktails. It was created by Jean and Pierre Get in 1796. It has been produced since 1995 in Beaucaire in the south of France by Casanis Corporation, a subsidiary of Bacardi Group. It has also been produced in Gémenos. While its name refers to its original alcohol percentage, it currently has an alcohol content of 21%. Another product of the brand is the Get 31.

</doc>
<doc id="20916050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916050" title="Dickens Fellowship">
Dickens Fellowship

The Dickens Fellowship was founded in 1902, and is an international association of people from all walks of life who share an interest in the life and works of Victorian era novelist Charles Dickens.
The Dickens Fellowship's head office is based at the Charles Dickens Museum in Doughty Street in London, England, the home of Charles Dickens from 1837 to 1839. In 1923 Dickens's former home at 48 Doughy Street was threatened with demolition, but it was saved by three members of the Dickens Fellowship, who raised a mortgage and bought the freehold in 1925. The membership of the Fellowship raised funds and put together a collection to exhibit in it. The Dickens House Trust was established to run the house as a museum and library.
Membership is open to anybody, anywhere in the world, who shares the Fellowship's interests. The Fellowship has 47 branches, which are in the UK, the United States and nine other countries. Each branch is independent and arranges its own programme of events. There are also five affiliated societies.
The Fellowship publishes a journal, "The Dickensian", which was founded in 1905 and was originally edited by one of the leading founders of the Fellowship, B.W. Matz (1865-1925). "The Dickensian" publishes articles of literary criticism from scholars around the world. It also carries reviews of books, plays, films and TV productions, together with reports of Fellowship activities and other Dickens-related news. The current editor is Professor Malcolm Andrews of the University of Kent.
In 2002 the Fellowship campaigned to save an area of Kent marshland on the Hoo Peninsula which provided the setting to the opening chapter of Dickens's novel "Great Expectations" where the young Pip first encountered the escaped convict Magwitch.

</doc>
<doc id="20916052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916052" title="Brad Marshall">
Brad Marshall

Brad Marshall (born April 11, 1967) is an American actor.
Marshall was born in Nairobi, Kenya to Brad Marshall and Sandy Marshall. He has three brothers: Ryan, Neil and Eric. He lives in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20916060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916060" title="Ernst Nievergelt">
Ernst Nievergelt

Ernst Nievergelt (23 March 1910 – 1 July 1999) was a cyclist from Switzerland. He was born in Affoltern, Zurich, Switzerland, and died in Kappel am Albis.
In 1935 Nievergelt won the amateur standings in the Championship of Zurich.
He competed for Switzerland in the 1936 Summer Olympics held in Berlin, Germany in the individual road race event where he finished in third place. He also teamed up with fellow countrymen Edgar Buchwalder and Kurt Ott to win the silver medal in the team road race, which ran over 100 kilometers on the AVUS-Nordschleife. 
From 1937 to 1939 he competed in professional racing. In 1937 he took second place at Berlin. His only win as a professional was in 1938, when he won the ninth stage of the International Tour of Germany. At the Tour de Suisse, he finished on the sixth stage in second place in the standings and 19th place overall.
References.
Pascal Sergent, Guy Crasset, Hervé Dauchy: Mondial Encyclopedie Cyclisme. Volume 2 GP published in 2000 by the UCI, ISBN 90-74128-73-4

</doc>
<doc id="20916061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916061" title="No. 305 Ferry Training Unit RAF">
No. 305 Ferry Training Unit RAF

No. 305 Ferry Training Unit RAF was a squadron of the Royal Air Force during World War II. It was set up at RAF Errol near Dundee to train Soviet aircrews, utilizing Armstrong Whitworth Albemarles as trainers. 
During training, one aircraft was lost with no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="20916084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916084" title="Joachim Winterlich">
Joachim Winterlich

Joachim Winterlich (born March 17, 1942) is a retired German ski jumper and an active ski jumping coach.
Biography.
Winterlich was born in Oberwiesenthal, Saxony.
Ski jumping career.
Winterlich was a member of the SC Traktor Oberwiesenthal ski jumping club. In three successive years (1965, 1966 and 1967), he represented the club and placed third in the East German Nordic combined championship.
Ski jumping coach.
Winterlich has been the trainer and assistant trainer for several countries including Kazakhstan, Germany, Switzerland and Bulgaria. He is a former coach of Jens Weißflog, the most successful German ski jumper of all time, who retired in 1996. He has been critical of the coaching of junior ski jumpers in Germany, citing bad results from up-and-comers such as the 18 year old Tobias Bogner. In July 2007, three years before his contract was to expire in 2010, Winterlich officially left the role as main instructor of Team Kazakhstan. As of 2008, he is the main trainer of the Bulgaria Ski Jumping Team. Winterlich spends most of his time coaching Vladîmir Zografski, the best Bulgarian ski jumper. He also helps with the coaching of Deyan Funtarov and Bogomil Pavlov. The assistant trainers for Bulgaria are Emil Zografski (Vladimir's father) and Nikolatta Lembakov. Winterlich also caused a major improvement in team Kazakhstan. He worked much with Radik Zhaparov, one of the best jumpers from Kazakhstan.
Contributions to the sport.
In 2002, Winterlich invented a glass ceramic inrun trail at the Bischofsgrün ski jumping facility in Germany. Together with the already existing plastic mats, it allows ski jumping in both summer and winter. Winterlich also helped to improve the jumping arena in Garmisch Partenkirchen.

</doc>
<doc id="20916085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916085" title="Reggie Patterson">
Reggie Patterson

Reginald Allen Patterson (born November 7, 1958), is a retired professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues from to for the Chicago Cubs and Chicago White Sox.
He was born in Birmingham, Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="20916092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916092" title="Magner">
Magner

Magner - a soft cloth towel used in ice hockey coaching to clean dry erase boards. The original use of a Magner dates back to Hall of Fame Montreal Canadiens coach Hector "Toe" Blake. His famous final game-used Magner, from the Stanley Cup Championship 1967-68 season, was once displayed in the Hockey Hall of Fame. It is currently in use in Winnetka, IL and New Trier High School Hockey by Head Coach Randy Schlesinger. It is named after Peter Magner, whom suggested to Randy he use a towel to erase the board, thus he gave him one and it has been called a Magner ever since.
Magner is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20916095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916095" title="White Flags of Winter Chimneys">
White Flags of Winter Chimneys

White Flags of Winter Chimneys is a 2008 album by Wendy & Lisa. It is their fifth studio album and was released on December 9, 2008. The album was written, played, and produced all by Wendy Melvoin and Lisa Coleman.
Track listing.
All songs written by Wendy Melvoin and Lisa Coleman.

</doc>
<doc id="20916114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916114" title="Dmitar Nemanjić">
Dmitar Nemanjić

Dmitar Nemanjić (, also Dimitrije) was a Serbian Prince, the son of Vukan Nemanjić and the nephew of King Stefan II the First-Crowned. He is venerated as Saint David Nemanjić with the title of "the Venerable" ("Prepodobni") in the Serbian Orthodox Church.
Life.
He was the son of Vukan Nemanjić, he had two brothers Đorđe and Stefan. In April 1271, he asked Emperor Michael VIII to grant the Chilandar a possession of the Struma river. He then took monastic vows, under the name "David". He had the Davidovica Monastery near Brodarevo on the Lim river built in August 1281, with the help of masons of Dubrovnik. He is mentioned in 1286 when he travelled to Jerusalem on a pilgrimage.
He had a son, Vratislav. His grandson Vratko is the father of Princess Milica. He is venerated every September 24 (October 7 on the new calendar) in the Serbian Orthodox Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20916136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916136" title="Daughters of the Holy Heart of Mary">
Daughters of the Holy Heart of Mary

The Daughters of the Holy Heart of Mary (French: Filles du Saint-Cœur de Marie) is a Roman Catholic religious institute, founded in Senegal on May 24, 1858 by Aloyse Kobès. It was the first indigenous religious institute in Africa.
Kobès would go on to become the first Vicar Apostolic of Senegambia. The first nuns were Thérèse Sagna and Louise de Saint-Jean, the first African nuns outside Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="20916142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916142" title="1988 Indiana Hoosiers football team">
1988 Indiana Hoosiers football team

The 1988 Indiana Hoosiers football team represented Indiana University in the 1988 NCAA Division I-A football season. Playing as a member of the Big Ten Conference (Big 10), the team was led by head coach Bill Mallory, in his fifth year, and played their home games at Memorial Stadium in Bloomington, Indiana. They finished the season with a record of eight wins, three losses and one tie (8–3–1 overall, 5–3 in the Big 10) and with a victory over South Carolina in the Liberty Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="20916153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916153" title="Anastasia of Serbia">
Anastasia of Serbia

Ana Nemanjić, also known as Saint Anastasija () was the princess consort of the Serbian Principality as the wife of Stefan Nemanja (r. 1166–1196). She was of noble descent. Ana took monastic vows in 1196 and was baptized "Anastasia", after Anastasia of Sirmium. Her feast day is June 22 (Julian calendar).
Her origins have never been concluded. Domentijan mentioned her as "a great princess, daughter of the Byzantine Emperor Romanos", only Romanos IV Diogenes ruled 1068–1071, making this geneaology impossible. Mavro Orbini mentioned her as a daughter of the Bosnian Ban, perhaps mixing her with the wife of Prince Miroslav, the sister of Ban Kulin. Rajić thought Ana was the daughter of Stefan Borić, although this is not supported by any sources.
Marriage and descendants.
Through the marriage with Stefan, they had three sons and three daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="20916158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916158" title="Klaus Gamber">
Klaus Gamber

Klaus Gamber (1919–1989) is a German Catholic liturgist. Author of "Die Reform der römischen Liturgie", which was subsequently translated into English and published as "The Reform of the Roman Liturgy: Its Problems and Background", he was one of the principal intellectual critics of the liturgical reforms brought under the papacy of Paul VI. His critical work was praised by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger and he is credited for being one of the academic inspirations behind the motu proprio Summorum Pontificum, allowing broader use of traditional liturgy.

</doc>
<doc id="20916169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916169" title="LD&amp;ECR Class A">
LD&amp;ECR Class A

The LD&ECR class A (LNER Class N6) was a class of 0-6-2T steam locomotives of the Lancashire, Derbyshire and East Coast Railway. An initial batch of eight was ordered and built in 1895. An order for 15 more was placed in 1899 but five of these were not delivered because the LD&ECR was unable to pay for them. The undelivered locomotives were re-sold by Kitson & Co. to the Hull and Barnsley Railway and became H&BR Class F1 (LNER Class N11). There are some detail differences between the LD&ECR class A and the H&BR Class F1 but these were the result of later modifications.

</doc>
<doc id="20916172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916172" title="Newark and Roselle Railway">
Newark and Roselle Railway

The Newark and Roselle Railway was incorporated on Aug 28, 1889 by the Lehigh Valley Railroad (LVRR) to advance tracks from the terminus of the Roselle and South Plainfield Railway at Roselle, New Jersey to Pennsylvania Avenue in Newark. It formed part of the route connecting the LVRR's Easton and Amboy Railroad at South Plainfield to the Jersey City terminal. 
Initially, the Roselle and South Plainfield Railroad had connected with the Central Railroad of New Jersey (CNJ) at Roselle, and LVRR trains had proceeded to Jersey City over the CNJ.
In 1891 the LVRR consolidated the railroads along the Jersey City route into the Lehigh Valley Terminal Railway. Along with the Newark and Roselle, the other consolidated companies were the Roselle and South Plainfield Railway, the Newark and Passaic Railway, the Newark Railway, the Jersey City, Newark, and Western Railway, the Jersey City Terminal Railway, and the Edgewater Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="20916176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916176" title="Augustus Granville">
Augustus Granville

Augustus Bozzi Granville MD, FRS (born Augusto Bozzi, 7 October 1783 – 3 March 1872) was a physician, writer, and Italian patriot.
Born in Milan, he studied medicine before leaving to avoid being enlisted in Napoleon's army. After practicing medicine in Greece, Turkey, Spain, and Portugal, he joined the British Navy and sailed to the West Indies. There he learned English and married an Englishwoman. He later moved to London, where he practiced as a physician and writer. He is credited with carrying out the first medical autopsy on an Ancient Egyptian Mummy which he described to the Royal Society of London in 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="20916199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916199" title="Saint Jelena of Dečani">
Saint Jelena of Dečani

Saint Jelena of Dečani was the sister of Stefan Uroš III. Her feast day is 21 May by the Julian calendar.

</doc>
<doc id="20916207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916207" title="Julie Kilpatrick">
Julie Kilpatrick

Julie Kilpatrick (born 22 August 1983 in Glasgow) is a female field hockey player from Scotland. She plays in midfield and defence, and made her debut for the Women's National Team in 2003. Kilpatrick is engaged to Scottish and GB international hockey player, David Mitchell.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20916210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916210" title="Herbert Schibukat">
Herbert Schibukat

Herbert Schibukat (27 October 1914 – June 1999) was a professional ice hockey player. He represented Germany in the 1936 Winter Olympics and 1952 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20916211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916211" title="Lode Wouters">
Lode Wouters

Lode Alphonse Wouters (born 27 May 1929) is a cyclist from Belgium. He was born in Antwerp, Belgium.
He competed for Belgium in the 1948 Summer Olympics held in London, United Kingdom in the individual road race event where he finished in third place. He also led the Belgian team of Léon Delathouwer and Eugène van Roosbroeck to the gold medal in the team road race.

</doc>
<doc id="20916214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916214" title="Al-Aqsa TV">
Al-Aqsa TV

Al-Aqsa TV () is the official Hamas-run television channel. Its programming includes news talk, children's shows (such as "Tomorrow's Pioneers", which allegedly promotes violence and antisemitism), and religiously inspired entertainment. It is currently directed by Palestinian Legislative Council member Fathi Ahmad Hammad.
Timeline.
The station began broadcasting in the Gaza Strip on January 9, 2006 after Hamas won a sweeping victory in Palestinian parliamentary elections. On January 22, 2006 the Palestinian public prosecutor Ahmed Maghni decided to close down a television station because it did not have the necessary broadcast license, but the decision was never enforced.
On December 29, 2008, during the 2008–2009 Israel-Gaza conflict, Israeli aircraft repeatedly bombed the al-Aqsa television station headquarters in Gaza. The building was completely destroyed, but the station continued to broadcast from a mobile TV unit
Criticism.
In May 2013, Al Aqsa TV became the focus of media scrutiny after a deci­sion by the Newseum to honor two Al Aqsa TV mem­bers as part of its ongoing memo­r­ial to jour­nal­ists who lost their lives in the line of duty in 2012. The U.S. government classifies Al-Aqsa TV as being controlled by Hamas, a "Specially Designated Global Terrorist," and states that it "will not distinguish between a business financed and controlled by a terrorist group, such as Al-Aqsa Television, and the terrorist group itself." According to the American Jewish organization, the Anti-Defamation League, Al-Aqsa TV promotes terrorist activity and incites hatred of Jews and Israelis.
The TV channel also promote resistance towards the Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories and much of its programming that glorifies violence is geared towards children.
In regards to Al-Aqsa's television programme "Tomorrow's Pioneers", following complaints by Israeli watchdog groups that triggered international scrutiny, Palestinian Information Minister Mustafa Barghouti said he had asked Al Aqsa TV to stop the broadcasts so the content could be reviewed. Despite Barghouti's call, "Tomorrow's Pioneers" went on the air as usual. In later episodes the co-host, a Mickey Mouse-like character named Farfour was killed by an Israeli interrogator, and was replaced by a bee named Naoul, who also died and was replaced by a rabbit character named Assoud. Assoud, in turn, was martyred and replaced by Nassur the bear.
In May 2008, Bassem Naeem, the minister of health in the Hamas government in Gaza, responded to allegations of antisemitism in Al-Aqsa TV programmes. In his letter to "The Guardian", Naeem stated that the Al-Aqsa Channel is an independent media institution that often does not express the views of the Hamas government or the Hamas movement. In response, "Guardian" columnist Alan Johnson wrote that Al-Aqsa TV cannot be a media institution independent of Hamas, because it is headed by Fathi Ahmad Hammad, chairman of a Hamas-run company that also produces the Hamas radio station and its bi-weekly newspaper, and because, since 2007, Hamas had blocked Palestinian National Authority broadcasts into Gaza, which indicated that there is no independent media in Gaza.

</doc>
<doc id="20916220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916220" title="List of Puerto Rican military personnel">
List of Puerto Rican military personnel

Throughout history Puerto Ricans, including people of Puerto Rican descent, have gained notability as members of the military. They have served and have fought for many countries, such as Canada, Cuba, England, Mexico, Spain, the United States and Venezuela.
Puerto Ricans have fought and defended their homeland against attacks from the Caribs and pirates. They fought against the invasions of foreign countries and defeated the British, French, and Dutch in doing so. They fought alongside General Bernardo de Gálvez during the American Revolutionary War in the battles of Baton Rouge, Mobile, Pensacola and St. Louis. and in Europe against the forces of Napoleon Bonaparte at the Siege of Saragossa.
Puerto Ricans such as Augusto Rodríguez, who resided in the United States in the mid-19th century, fought in the American Civil War. They also fought against the Spanish Empire. They fought for Mexico's independence and in the Latin American wars of independence alongside Simón Bolívar. In Puerto Rico they revolted against Spanish rule and fought for Puerto Rico's independence in the "Grito de Lares" and in the "Intentona de Yauco". They also fought for Cuba's independence in the Ten Years' War alongside General Máximo Gómez and as members of the Cuban Liberation Army alongside José Martí. At the end of the 19th century, Puerto Ricans fought alongside their Spanish counterparts in the Spanish–American War against the United States in the Battle of San Juan Hill; in Cuba as members of the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Puerto Rican Provisional Battalions; and in Puerto Rico when the American military forces invaded the island, in what is known as the Puerto Rican Campaign. They also fought against the "Tagalos" during the Philippine Revolution.
Puerto Rico became a territory of the United States upon the signing of the Treaty of Paris on December 10, 1898. Upon the outbreak of World War I, the U.S. Congress approved the Jones–Shafroth Act, which gave Puerto Ricans a limited citizenship. As a result many Puerto Ricans, with the exception of women, became eligible for the military draft. However they were, and still are, not permitted to vote for the President of the United States, who is also the Commander-in-Chief of the armed forces.
World War I.
In World War I Puerto Ricans opened fire, in what is considered to be the first shot of that war on behalf of the United States, on an armed German supply ship trying to force its way out of San Juan Bay. As members of the "Porto Rico Regiment" they were sent to Panama to guard and defend the Panama Canal Zone. In New York, many Puerto Ricans of African descent joined the 396th Infantry Regiment which was mostly composed of African Americans. As members of the 396th Infantry Regiment, also known as the "Harlem Hellfighters," they were not allowed to fight alongside their white counterparts; however, they were permitted to fight as members of a French unit in French uniforms and were awarded the French Croix de guerre. Before the United States entered World War II, Puerto Ricans were already fighting on European soil, not only in the Rif War, but also on both sides of the Spanish Civil War.
World War II.
During World War II, Puerto Ricans served in every military branch of the United States. Puerto Ricans from the island served in the 65th Infantry Regiment, also known as the Borinqueneers, which participated in combat in the European Theater—in Germany and Central Europe. Those who resided in the mainland of the United States were assigned to regular units of the military and served either in the European or Pacific theaters of the war.
Puerto Rican officers trained the Tuskegee Airmen, the first African American military aviators at the Tuskegee Army Air Field in Alabama. These men formed the famed 99th Fighter Squadron.
World War II was the first conflict in which Puerto Rican women were allowed to serve in the U.S. Armed Forces. Over 1,000 applications were received and 200 women served in the Puerto Rican WAC unit, Company 6, 2nd Battalion, 21st Regiment of the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps, a segregated Hispanic unit. Some were assigned to nursing, dental or clerical duties, however some women were assigned to units which were stationed in the European Theater of operations. Puerto Ricans played important roles as commanders in the Armed Forces of the United States for the first time. Some Puerto Rican aviators served and fought for three different countries as members of the Royal Canadian Air Force, the British Royal Air Force and the United States Army Air Forces.
Korean War and other conflicts.
During the Korean War Puerto Ricans distinguished themselves as part of the 65th Infantry Regiment receiving many awards and recognitions, including ten Distinguished Service Crosses, however some men were unjustly accused and involved in the largest court martial of said war. Puerto Ricans have continued to fight in every conflict in which the United States has been involved, among which are the Vietnam War in which four Puerto Ricans were awarded the Medal of Honor, Operation El Dorado Canyon, Operation Desert Shield, Operation Restore Hope, Operation Desert Storm and in the military campaigns of Afghanistan and Iraq, in what the United States and its allies refer to as the War on Terror.
Some Puerto Ricans became notable commanders. Some have been awarded the Medal of Honor, the highest military decoration in the United States; or the "Cruz Laureada de San Fernando" (Laureate Cross of Saint Ferdinand), the highest military decoration awarded by the Spanish government. In World War II, the Korean War and the Vietnam War Puerto Ricans were the most decorated Hispanic soldiers and in some cases, such as Operation Restore Hope and Operation Desert Shield, they were the first to die in combat. The following list has been divided by the century in which the person became notable and the surnames are placed in alphabetical order.
Notable Puerto Ricans who served in the military.
The following are the names of notable Puerto Rican men and women or people of Puerto Rican descent who served in the military of Spain, Cuba, Venezuela, England, United States or of that of any other country and have gained fame through previous or subsequent endeavors, infamy, or successes:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
L
M
P
R
T
V
Z

</doc>
<doc id="20916236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916236" title="Lutfo Dlamini">
Lutfo Dlamini

Lutfo Ephraim Dlamini (born 7 July 1960) is a politician from Swaziland. He is married to Thelma Ncane Smith-Dlamini and has four children, named Jabu, Malungisa, Bhekithemba and Siphosenkhosi in chronology of birth. Dlamini has been the foreign minister of Swaziland since taking over in October 2008. Prior to appointment as foreign minister, Dlamini was the Minister for Enterprise and Employment, from 1998 to 2008. He is currently the Minister of Labour and Social Security after he was moved from the foreign ministry office. Lutfo Dlamini was the Minister of Defence that has no political representative but exists as a ministry. He is also the chairman of Philani Maswati Charity organization, a royal initiative to help the elderly people of Swaziland. The patron of Philani Maswati is the Queen mother of Swaziland. He is one of the most controversial politicians in Swaziland because he has been holding public office since 1998, making this his 14th year against the Swazi constitution.

</doc>
<doc id="20916239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916239" title="City University Club">
City University Club

The City University Club is a gentlemen's club in the City of London, established in 1895. Since its foundation it has operated from the top three floors of 50 Cornhill, in the original building of Prescott's Bank, a 1766 private bank now part of the Royal Bank of Scotland.
It was originally founded strictly for graduates of Oxford and Cambridge universities who worked in the City, but membership is now also open to those who work in the area. It provides club facilities at lunchtime and for private occasions. The club serves as a lunch club for "brokers, bankers and lawyers".
Subscriptions are based on the member's age and location. The rates for 2011 ranged from £230 to £950. New members joining during the year are charged pro-rata, except for those under the age of 25, who are entitled to six months free membership (this precludes usage of reciprocal clubs). Unlike many clubs there is no entrance fee.
It has reciprocal arrangements with over 450 private members clubs around the world, enabling members to use facilities in these clubs, including in London the Oxford and Cambridge Club, the Reform Club and the Carlton Club.
Notable members of the City University Club have included Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, the author Evelyn Waugh, businessman Chips Keswick, and the Lloyd's underwriter Ian Posgate.

</doc>
<doc id="20916246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916246" title="Gary Cooper (outfielder)">
Gary Cooper (outfielder)

Gary Nathaniel Cooper (born December 22, 1956 in Savannah, Georgia) is a former professional baseball player. He appeared in 21 games in Major League Baseball for the Atlanta Braves in 1980, but came to the plate only twice. Most of his appearances came as either a pinch runner (he was 2-for-3 on stolen base attempts) or as a late-inning defensive replacement in left field.

</doc>
<doc id="20916280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916280" title="Deborah Andollo">
Deborah Andollo

Deborah Andollo (born in Havana in 1967) is a Cuban free-diving athlete who held several world records in different disciplines. Her nicknames "Neptune's Girlfriend", "Queen of the Caribbean" or "Mermaid of the Deep" associate her with the sea and her passion for the environment, as well as a sustainable relationship between man and nature. She is currently married and is mother of a son named Ernesto. She is also engaged in an audiovisual project, teaches diving, and is involved in the ecological movement and environmental education.
She earned a degree in Physical Education at Havana University and started out her athletic career in figure swimming in 1979. In 1992 she switched to breath-held diving, and came to the attention of trainer Omar Oramas. He could see that the petite Cubana, only 5 foot 4 and 57 kilos but with a 6 liter lung capacity, had the potential to reach great depths.
Her first constant ballast dive only took her to 60 meters, but with a duration of 2 minutes, 16 seconds. In 1993, she hit the 80 meter mark in a variable-ballast direct-immersion dive lasting 2 minutes and 50 seconds. A year later, on July 5, 1994, she spent 2 minutes, 24 seconds to get down 61 meters with constant ballast, a women's world record. Then, on May 26, 1995, at Cayo Largo, she freedived to 60 meters without mask or fins, in two minutes and 52 seconds.
There remained to break the mythical 107 meter variable ballast no limits record, set by Angela Bandini in November 1989. On May 16, 1996 at Pasaje Escondido, just off Punta Frances, Andollo mounted her 31 kg ballast sled for her world record attempt. Her descent was linear to a depth of 60 meters, where she slowed to compensate. She reached her base platform in 1 minute and 15 seconds. At 2 minutes, and 15 seconds she was back topside with the new women's world Variable no limits breath-held record of 110 meters, or approximately .
Records.
Records set by Andollo include the following.

</doc>
<doc id="20916286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916286" title="Jane Burley">
Jane Burley

Jane Burley (born 12 February 1971 in Liverpool) is a female field hockey midfielder from Scotland. She played club hockey for Giffnock Hutchesons Ladies, and made her debut for the Women's National Team in 1999. Burley works as a firefighter. Her mother played tennis for Lancashire.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20916300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916300" title="Jacques Peirotes">
Jacques Peirotes

Jacques Peirotes (1869, Strasbourg - 1935) was a French and German politician, mayor of Strasbourg from 1919 to 1929.
Biography.
The young Jacques Peirotes, son of a carpenter working at the locomotives factory of Graffenstaden, learned the job of typographer while entering into politics.
Since 1900, he was editor of the "Freie Presse" ("Free Press") that was an organ of the Strassburg branch of the Social Democratic Party which he joined in 1895. In 1902, he became its political manager. In 1913, the newspaper was printed in 9,500 units.
He came into the town council of Strassburg in 1902 and was elected councilman of the southern canton of the "Kreis Straßburg (Stadt)" in 1903. He also was deputy in the second room of the Landtag of the "Reichsland Elsass-Lothringen" from 1911 to 1918 and deputy of Kolmar in the Reichstag in 1912.
When the First World War broke out, he was exiled by German authorities into Hanover and designated as "Banned from Alsace". He made publish "Neutral oder Französisch" ("Neutral or French"). When he came back at the end of the war, he had the skill to neutralize the soldiers and workers councils. He sat as president of the Municipal Commission of Strassburg from November 10–29, 1918. On November 10, 1918 he proclaimed the forfeiture of the German Empire and the advent of the French Republic. He asked to the French authorities to hasten the troops arrival which ended the troubles inspired by anarchist communism."[...] the 10th in Strasbourg, one of the insurrectionists [...] proclaims the Republic of Alsace-Lorraine [...]. The same day, the socialist Jacques Peirotes, élected mayor of Strasbourg, also proclaim the Republic in front of the statue of the general Kléber. The 11th, the low room of the Landtag sets up as National Council and invest Eugène Ricklin as chief of government, replaced as soon as the day after by Peirotes. The 13th, the red flag flutters over the cathedral. Epic debates oppose the councils of soldiers and workers to the elected officials in a confused ambiance. Solicited by the anxious notables, the French troops then decide to advance their arrival ..."</ref>
Elected mayor of Strasbourg in 1919 and reelected in 1925, he created a 'municipal office for cheap accommodations' which built 3,000 social apartments in ten years. He was beaten in the 1929 election by a coalition of communists and autonomists that led Charles Hueber to the town hall.
Sources.
This article is a translation of the similar article in the French Wikipedia.

</doc>
<doc id="20916311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916311" title="Persian Gulf campaign of 1809">
Persian Gulf campaign of 1809

The Persian Gulf Campaign, in 1809, was an operation by a British Royal Navy to force Arab pirates to cease their raids on British ships in the Persian Gulf, particularly on the Persian and Arabian coasts of the Straits of Hormuz. The operation's success was limited as the Royal Navy forces, already heavily involved in the Napoleonic Wars, were unable to permanently suppress pirate activity in the region. The expedition did achieve its short term goals by destroying three pirate bases and over 80 pirate vessels, including the largest pirate ship in the region, the converted merchant ship "Minerva". Although operations continued into 1810, the British were unable to destroy every pirate vessel and by 1811 the pirate attacks had resumed, although at a lower intensity than previously.
The operation was a joint campaign by the Royal Navy and the fleet of the Honourable East India Company (HEIC), with soldiers drawn from the garrison of Bombay. The expeditionary force, led by Captain John Wainwright in the Navy frigate HMS "Chiffone", was despatched to the region, following an escalation in pirate attacks on British shipping in the Persian Gulf after the French established diplomatic missions in Muscat and Tehran in 1807, and encouraged pirate activity. These attacks not only threatened British trade links in the region, but also placed British relations with Oman and Persia in jeopardy at a time when French aspirations against British India were a cause for concern to the British government.
Because the available charts of the Persian Gulf were inaccurate or incomplete at the time, pirate ships could hide from Wainwright's squadron in the uncharted inlets, a problem Wainwright reported upon his return that resulted in improved British cartography of the area.
Background.
In the early nineteenth century, the Indian Ocean was an important link in the trade routes from British India to the United Kingdom, and Honourable East India Company (HEIC) merchant ships, known as East Indiamen, regularly crossed the ocean carrying millions of pounds worth of goods. One of the most important ports for the Indian trade was Bombay, on the western coast of the Indian subcontinent, a significant hub for regional trade with its links to the Persian and Arab ports of the Persian Gulf. The ships that traded in the Persian Gulf were named "country ships" and were much smaller and weaker than the big East Indiamen. The British had long maintained a naval presence in the region, but the outbreak of the Napoleonic Wars in 1803 diverted much of the British strength in the Indian Ocean to the Dutch colonies of the Cape of Good Hope and Java and the French bases on Île Bonaparte and Île de France, leaving the Persian Gulf and Arabian Sea largely undefended. In addition, convoy guardships were needed to escort the East Indiamen through hostile waters and the Navy presence in the Gulf was replaced by warships owned by the HEIC, part of their private fleet nicknamed the "Bombay Marine".
Like the Royal Navy, the Bombay Marine were spread across many thousands of miles of ocean, often leaving the country ships in the Persian Gulf undefended. As French raiders were rare in the Gulf, few country ships operated in convoys and so they became targets for pirate dhows and bhagalas operating from semi or completely independent harbours in Persia or along the Arabian Peninsula. In 1805, two large ships "Shannon" and "Trimmer" were captured by fleets of pirates, who gathered together to overwhelm the larger merchant ships. The crews were massacred and "Trimmer" taken over and converted into a formidable pirate ship. When the HEIC warship "Mornington", which carried 24 cannon, attempted to recapture "Trimmer" a few months later she was attacked by nearly 40 pirate ships and only just managed to escape destruction herself.
Diplomatic failures.
Lacking the available naval forces to launch a sizeable campaign in the Gulf, the British authorities attempted to use diplomacy to end the threat. In February 1806, the young Sultan of Oman, Sa'id II ibn Sultan, signed a treaty at Bandar Abbas promising to bring an end to piracy originating from his territory, but by 1807 the French had installed consulates in Tehran and Muscat and piracy continued unabated with their encouragement. In 1807, Lord Minto, Governor General of India, determined to send ambassadors to the Sikh Empire, Afghanistan and Persia in an effort to secure their support and prevent the French from gaining allies on India's western borders. As part of this diplomatic campaign, the ambassador to Persia was instructed to discuss the piracy problem with the Persian government, but due to French influence in Tehran, he was unable to obtain any guarantees.
A second diplomatic mission, sent from London in 1808 under Sir Harford Jones, was instructed to discuss the issue again, Jones deciding to travel to Bushire in Persia by sea. The diplomatic convoy consisted of the frigate HMS "Nereide" and two HEIC sloops, "Sylph" and "Sapphire". The convoy was commanded by Captain Robert Corbet, who refused to wait for the slower sloops once the force had reached the Persian Gulf. "Nereide" arrived at Bushire on 14 October 1808. Jones completed his journey by land. Corbet returned south to the Straits of Hormuz, expecting to meet the sloops on his return journey. On 21 October however he discovered "Sylph" in the hands of pirates, who had swarmed the isolated warship, captured her and massacred her crew. Corbet was able to recapture the vessel and later rejoined "Sapphire", which had been detached to conduct survey's of the Persian coast, but the operation demonstrated that it was the pirates who now controlled the Southern Persian Gulf.
Pirates in the Arabian Sea.
In April 1808, despite the brief deployment of the ship of the line HMS "Albion" and frigates HMS "Phaeton" and HMS "Dedaigneuse" to the Persian Gulf, pirate dhows appeared off Gujerat, raiding shipping at Surat before they were driven off by ships of the Bombay Marine. Later in the year, a huge fleet of 50 pirate raiders appeared off Sind in the Arabian Sea and caused severe disruption to the regional trade. The fleet attacked merchant shipping along the Indian coast and even seized a large country ship named "Minerva", massacring her crew and converting her into their flagship. At its height in early 1809, it was estimated that the pirate forces in the Persian Gulf and Arabian Sea included 60 large bhagalas, over 800 dhows and employed 19,000 men, against just two HEIC ships, "Mornington" and "Teignmouth".
British operations.
In the aftermath of the raid on Sind and following the 1809 monsoon season, the British authorities in India decided to make a significant show of force against the pirates, in an effort not only to destroy their larger bases and as many ships as could be found, but also to counteract French encouragement of the pirates from their embassies in Persia and Oman. Forces were gathered at Bombay during the summer: the small HEIC warships, "Mornington", "Aurora", "Ternate", "Mercury", "Nautilus", "Prince of Wales", "Ariel" and "Fury" joined by the bomb ketch "Stromboli" and the Royal Navy frigates HMS "Caroline" under Charles Gordon and "Chiffone" under John Wainwright, who was placed in command of the entire expeditionary force with the temporary rank of commodore. The force was complemented with troops seconded from the Bombay garrison, including a battalion of the 65th Foot, soldiers from the 47th Foot and an assortment of HEIC marines, engineers, artillery men and sepoys from the 2nd Bombay Native Infantry under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Lionel Smith of the 65th.
The expeditionary force left Bombay on 17 September, intending to rendezvous at Muscat the following week. However, the force was repeatedly delayed during their passage, first with providing escorts to convoys of country ships in the Arabian Sea and subsequently with rescuing survivors of the "Stromboli", which was so rotten that she fell apart in the ocean swell with considerable loss of life. When the force eventually arrived at Muscat in October, Sultan Sa'id informed Wainwright that over 20,000 Bedouin warriors had descended on the coast to join the pirates. Understanding that a protracted land campaign would be impossible with the forces available, Wainwright determined to make a series of small raids against the principle pirate bases in the area of the Straits of Hormuz, beginning with Ras al-Khaimah, to the north of the Strait on the Arabian coast.
Battle of Ras al-Khaimah.
The British flotilla arrived off the independent town of Ras al-Khaimah on 11 November, discovering "Minerva" and a fleet of dhows in the harbour. The pirate fleet initially sailed out to attack the British but retreated once the size of the expeditionary force became clear. "Minerva" failed to make the return to port successfully and was wrecked on a sandbank, the crew setting fire to their ship to prevent her seizure by boats launched from "Chiffone". Onshore, the pirates and their Bedouin allies (whose numbers are unknown, but were significantly less than 20,000) formed a series of emplaced defences around the town that were protected from offshore bombardment by sandbanks which blocked the approach of Wainwright's heavier warships. On 12 November, Wainwright deployed his smaller ships close inshore to bombard the town and provide cover for his troop dispositions offshore.
At 02:00 on 13 November, two squadrons of ship's boats made amphibious landings: a small force under Lieutenant Samuel Leslie landed to the north of the emplaced positions, acting as a diversion while the main body of the expeditionary force landed to the south under Lieutenant Colonel Smith. Leslie's diversion distracted the Arab defenders, but enough remained in the southern defences to make a significant counterattack on Smith's beachhead. Cannon fire from the ship's boats covering the landing drove the Arabs back, and Smith ordered his men to advance with their bayonets fixed, pushing into the town and driving out the Arabs house by house. To cover their advance, Smith's men set fire to the buildings in their path, which created a pall of smoke under cover of which Smith was able to storm and capture the Sheik's palace.
With the harbour secure, Wainwright ordered the squadron into the bay and there burnt over 50 pirate craft, including 30 large bhagalas. Smith secured the town itself, burning the warehouses where the pirates' loot was stored and destroying the ammunition stores and fortifications around the town. The Arab forces, who had retreated after the fall of the palace, taunted the British from the surrounding hills but did not make any counterattacks. By the morning of 14 September, the operation was complete and the British force returned to their ships, having suffered light casualties of five killed and 34 wounded. Arab losses are unknown, but were probably significant, while the damage done to the pirate fleets was severe: over half of the largest and most dangerous vessels had been destroyed at Ras al-Khaimah.
Further operations.
On 17 November, Wainwright ordered an attack on the Persian town of Linga, the inhabitants fleeing at the arrival of the British fleet, and Wainwright's ships burning 20 dhows without opposition or casualties. Further exploration on the Southern Persian coast revealed that most harbours were empty. Wainwright's main target was Laft on Qeshm Island, which was a principal pirate stronghold. Sending ships to block the passages to the Qeshm Channel, Wainwright hired local pilots and descended on the town on 26 November. Following fruitless negotiations with local sheiks, Wainwright ordered an attack on 27 November at 14:00, Smith's troops landing unopposed. Assuming the enemy to have fled, Smith's men approached the town's fortress, but a heavy fire was unleashed upon them as the British troops reached the gate. Despite heavy casualties, Smith was able to rally his forces and, with artillery support from the sloop "Fury", forced the fort to surrender at sunset, after the sheik had been given guarantees he would not be harmed or taken prisoner. Eleven large pirate vessels were burnt by British landing parties, while the expeditionary force suffered 70 casualties in the fight at the fort. Arab losses were estimated at more than 50 killed in the fort alone.
The town was turned over to Sheik Dewar, a local ruler who professed support for the British, and Wainwright withdrew his forces to Muscat in early December; all of the squadron reassembled there by Christmas. Only one further operation was launched, a successful attack on 3 January 1810 against the town of Shinas, which had rebelled against Sultan Sa'id and was swiftly recaptured and restored to him. Although minor naval operations against individual pirate ships continued into 1810, Wainwright and the main body of the squadron returned to Bombay in January, having considered their mission to inflict significant damage on the pirate forces in the Persian Gulf to have been a success.
Aftermath.
The operation succeeded in its aim of reducing French influence in Oman and in dissuading the political forces in the region from encouraging attacks on British shipping, but it was unable to totally halt piracy in the Persian Gulf. By 1811, when much of the Royal Navy and HEIC forces in the Indian Ocean were diverted to Java, the pirates had returned in force, although their destructive actions were weaker than before and rarely strayed into the Arabian Sea. Ultimately, it was not until the forces of the Ottoman Empire seized Medina in 1812, that some measure of control could be exerted over the pirates of the Arabian peninsula. Subsequent British intervention, both military and diplomatic, also reduced the threat from piracy during the nineteenth century.
The campaign had a significant effect on British cartography of the region. Wainwright reported that the available charts of the Persian Gulf were inaccurate or incomplete, thus allowing pirate ships to hide from his squadron in uncharted inlets. The Bombay Marine had long been aware of this problem and had been developing charts of the region in the years leading up to the campaign, under David Ewen Bartholomew, who had been on "Sapphire" during Corbet's mission to the region and whose charts were published in 1810 as a response to these problems.

</doc>
<doc id="20916312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916312" title="Penelope Moody Allen">
Penelope Moody Allen

Penelope "Penny" Moody Allen (born 1939) is a Latter-day Saint poet and hymnwriter. She is at times referred to as just Penny Allen.
Personal life.
Allen was born in Castro Valley, California. She received her bachelors degree from San Jose State University and her masters degree from Brigham Young University. Penelope is married to Gary L. Allen.
Prior to her marriage, Allen was a member of the BYU faculty. She was later a homemaker in Bountiful, Utah. The Allens have four children.
Career.
Many of her writings have been made as hymns set for children. Some of these have been published by "The Friend".
Among the works by Allen in the current English language version of the LDS hymnal is "Let The Holy Spirit Guide".

</doc>
<doc id="20916337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916337" title="Louise Carroll">
Louise Carroll

Louise Carroll (born 12 December 1982 in Dundee) is a female field hockey defender from Scotland. She plays club hockey for Bonagrass Grove Ladies, and made her debut for the Women's National Team in 2002. Carroll was the Scottish team’s flag bearer at the 2000 Youth Commonwealth Games.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20916347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916347" title="Polish Maritime Foundation">
Polish Maritime Foundation

The Polish Maritime Foundation ((pl.) Polska Fundacja Morska) is an independent, non-profit, non-governmental organisation located in Swinoujscie, Poland.
Aims.
The aim of the foundation is the popularization of historical and training values of sailing, its material and spiritual culture, expanding the historical knowledge of sailing in Poland, Europe and the rest of the world, and the dissemination of Polish sailing achievements.
Range of activities.
These activities include: 
the protection and preservation of material cultural heritage, the build-up of national resources, the preservation of historic relics and archives against the effects of natural disasters and the battle against the theft and illegal export of artifacts from Poland.
the dissemination of Polish sailing achievements, the making of historic relics available to the public and the saving of resources of cultural heritage in digital form according to the history of sailing.
Methods.
The primary method of the foundation's work is the coordination of initiatives for the building of a sailing museum and digital maritime library in Poland and giving support for institutions and private citizens working on the preservation of Polish sailing history.
Other projects, in partnership with other institutions from Poland and abroad, include: public debates, the publication of books, research and social campaigns, the organisation of conferences, workshops and training.
Authorities.
Advisory Council.
Members:
Board.
The foundation is represented by the board.
President of the board is Marek T. Słaby.
Projects.
Current undertakings.
Sailing Museum.
The project proposes building the sailing museum in Swinoujscie in Poland. The museum will centralise all historic Polish sailing relics. When it is finished it will be the first sailing museum in Poland.
Digital Maritime Library.
The project at the digital maritime library showed the following were required:
Completed Projects.
My name is Ludomir.
The foundation was funded by publishing a book about a famous Polish sailor, Ludomir Mączka, by Macieja Krzeptowskiego and Wojciecha Jacobsona. Authors, experienced sailors and travellers were shown photographs of his life, who in his long distance sailing career circumnavigated the globe many times in his beloved yacht "Maria".
America, 400 years later.
The foundation organised an expedition with the racing yacht "Fazisi" sailing from Świnoujścia to New York and Jamestown in the United States, in co-operation with the Polish Yachting Association of North America on the occasion of the 400th anniversary of the first Polish colonist to arrive in North America.
The expedition was planned and financed by sailors from all over Poland. It started from Swinoujscie and went via IJmuiden in the Netherlands; Saint Malo, on the west coast of France; the Azores; Bermuda; finishing in New York and Jamestown. The voyage coincided with Hurricanes Gustav, Hanna and Ike.

</doc>
<doc id="20916359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916359" title="Multimaster">
Multimaster

Multimaster or multi-master may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20916367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916367" title="Czesław Wycech">
Czesław Wycech

Czesław Wycech (1899 – 1977) was a Polish activist, politician and historian. He was a member of the Polish peasant's parties: the Polish People's Party "Wyzwolenie", the People's Party, the Polish People's Party, and the United People's Party. During World War II he was a member of the Polish Underground State, responsible for organizing underground education. He was the Minister of Education in the Council of National Unity (1945-1947). Within the People's Republic of Poland, he was a member of the Polish parliament (Sejm) and also held other governmental posts.
Biography.
Wycech was born to a peasant family on 20 July 1899 in Wilczogęby. A teacher by profession, he graduated from the Teacher's Institute in Warsaw in 1926. He was involved with the peasant movement from around 1917 to 1919; around that time he joined the Polish People's Party "Wyzwolenie" (PSL "Wyzwolenie") and in 1931, the People's Party (SL). He joined the Polish People's Party (PSL) post-World War II in 1945 which by 1949 had become the United People's Party (ZSL). From 1946 until 1971 he was one of the top leaders of PSL and ZSL.
Wycech was an educational activist; during World War II he was an important participant in the underground education in occupied Poland. He was one of the founders of the Secret Teachers Society ("Tajna Organizacja Nauczycielska") in 1939; he later became a member of the Polish Underground State and he was the President of the Department of Culture and Education in the Government Delegation for Poland from 1940 until 1945. He was the President of the Association of Polish Teachers (ZNP) from 1944 until 1945 and from 1945 to 1947, he was the Minister of Education in the Council of National Unity.
He was a deputy chairman of the Polish Council of State from 1956 until 1957. From 1944 to 1971 he was member of the Polish parliament (Sejm, earlier the State National Council). From 1957 to 1971 he was the Marshal of the Sejm.
In 1959 he was decorated with the Order of the Builders of People's Poland for his contributions to peasant studies, development and education.

</doc>
<doc id="20916374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916374" title="Palau Robert">
Palau Robert

Palau Robert () is a building on Barcelona's Passeig de Gràcia 107, the former private residence of Robert Robert i Surís, an influential aristocrat, politician and businessman at the turn of the 20th century. It's nowadays a government-run institution which hosts an exhibition centre with three halls, a concert hall, gardens as well as the Information Centre for Catalonia, including the city's tourism bureau. In the 1936-1939 period it was the site of the Generalitat de Catalunya's Ministry of Culture. After the Spanish Civil War, Robert's family regained the "Palau", until its second purchase by the Generalitat de Catalunya (the Catalan government) in 1981, when it became a public building.
The building.
An example of late neoclassical style, made of stone from Montgrí, the Palau Robert was finished in 1903 under the direction of architects Henry Grandpierre and Joan Martorell i Montells. The garden was designed by Ramon Oliva, responsible for the design of Plaça Catalunya. Its palm trees were brought during the 1888 International Exposition.
Transport.
The nearest Barcelona Metro station is Diagonal, and the FGC station Provença, on lines L3, L5, L6, L7, S1, S2, S5 and S55. The station's exit is adjacent to the Palau Robert. 
Bus lines stopping nearby are: 6, 7, 15, 16, 17, 22, 24, 28, 33 and 34.

</doc>
<doc id="20916397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916397" title="Linda Clement">
Linda Clement

Linda Clement (born 13 March 1980 in Inverness) is a female field hockey forward and midfielder from Scotland. She plays club hockey for Bonagrass Grove, and made her debut for the Women's National Team in 1999. A resident of Edinburgh Clement represented Scotland in the U17 schoolgirls athletics team in 1996.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20916400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916400" title="Women &amp; Songs 6">
Women &amp; Songs 6

Women & Songs 6 is the sixth album in the "Women & Songs" franchise.
Overview.
The album was released on December 3, 2002. This turned out to be, as of January 2009, the biggest "Women & Songs" album in terms of number of tracks, comprising 21 tracks in total.
The album reached #7 on the Top Canadian Albums chart. This was down from the #5 showing two years earlier, and a drop of 5 spots since the 1998 peak of the second album at #2.

</doc>
<doc id="20916411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916411" title="Avesta (disambiguation)">
Avesta (disambiguation)

The Avesta is the primary collection of sacred texts of Zoroastrianism.
Avesta may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20916425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916425" title="List of Baltimore Ravens starting quarterbacks">
List of Baltimore Ravens starting quarterbacks

These quarterbacks have started for the National Football League's Baltimore Ravens. They are listed in order of the date of each player's first start at quarterback for the Ravens.
Regular season.
List of all Baltimore Ravens starting quarterbacks The number of games they started during the season is listed in brackets:
Post Season.
Here is a list of Baltimore Ravens starting quarterbacks during the post season and the number of games they started.

</doc>
<doc id="20916441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916441" title="Stinson Airliner">
Stinson Airliner

__NOTOC__
The Stinson SM-6000 Airliner was a 1930s three-engined (trimotor) 10-passenger airliner designed and built by the Stinson Aircraft Corporation. The SM-6000 was a high-wing braced monoplane with room for a pilot and a cabin for ten passengers. It was powered by three 215 hp (160 kW) Lycoming R-680 engines strut-mounted one each side above the main landing gear units and one in the nose. A number of variants were built mainly with improved interiors. In 1932 the Model U Airliner was produced which had low-set stub wings with an engine mounted at each wingtip.
Survivors.
Only two of the high-wing models are known to exist. One by Greg Herrick in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the other is owned by Kermit Weeks and is maintained in airworthy condition at Fantasy of Flight in Polk City, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20916449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916449" title="Dean Barker (speedway rider)">
Dean Barker (speedway rider)

Dean Barker (born 2 August 1970) is a former British international speedway rider who competed at the sports highest level until his retirement in 2007. His farewell meeting in 2009 celebrated a career which included highlights of becoming Eastbourne Eagles captain and racing to podiums in major competitions such as the British Under 21 Championship and the British Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20916450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916450" title="Vibration of rotating structures">
Vibration of rotating structures

Rotating structures - or more general - structures with constant but otherwise arbitrary velocity are important elements of machinery as rotor shafts and blades of propellers, helicopters or wind turbines.

</doc>
<doc id="20916466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916466" title="SS City of Manchester (1851)">
SS City of Manchester (1851)

The SS "City of Manchester" was an iron-hulled single screw liner built 1851 by Tod & McGregor, Glasgow, Scotland and the second such ship owned by the Inman Line (officially the Liverpool and Philadelphia Steam Ship Company). It was an improved version of their first ship "City of Glasgow" which had been launched a year earlier.
Steerage passengers were carried beginning in 1852. The "City of Manchester" was chartered to the French government during the Crimean War, and resumed Inman voyages in 1856. She departed London for Calcutta 24 August 1857 as a transport as a result of the Indian Mutiny. By the next year, New York replaced Philadelphia as the American destination. After 20 years of Inman service, the "City of Manchester" was sold and converted to sail. The ship operated under sail until wrecked in 1876. 
There have been many ships named the "City of Manchester"
1. The abovementioned
2. "City of Manchester", 534 ton wooden ship built 1851, sold 1860 (Baines & MacKay / Black Ball Line) and again 1863. 
3. "City of Manchester" built 1871, lost off Ushant 1885
4. "City of Manchester" built 1903, scrapped 1933
5. "City of Manchester", built 1935, sunk 28 February 1942 by Japanese submarine I-153 off Java
6. "City of Manchester", built 1950, sold 1971 and renamed "Kavo Yerakes"
7. "City of Manchester", so named 1984-1985, before and after named "Hassel Werder".

</doc>
<doc id="20916470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916470" title="Art Donahue">
Art Donahue

Flight Lieutenant Arthur Gerald "Art" Donahue DFC (29 January 1913 – 11 September 1942) was an American fighter pilot and ace who volunteered to fly for the British Royal Air Force in World War II. He was one of 11 American pilots who flew with RAF Fighter Command between 10 July and 31 October 1940, thereby qualifying for the Battle of Britain clasp to the 1939–45 campaign star. He was killed in action in September 1942.
Early life.
Donahue was born to Frank and Ada Donahue on 29 January 1913 and was raised on a dairy farm near St. Charles, Minnesota. As a teenager, he learned to fly at Conrad Flying Service, operated by Max Conrad, an aviator known as the "Flying Grandfather" who set numerous world records for distance and endurance flying. After learning how to fly and becoming Minnesota's youngest commercially certificated pilot at the age of 19, Donahue worked for Conrad helping to run the flight school until he left to join the Royal Air Force. Donahue had heard that pilots were being recruited in Canada, so he traveled there, claimed to be Canadian, and was accepted.
Royal Air Force service.
After training with No. 7 Operational Training Unit, he was assigned to No. 64 Squadron at RAF Kenley on 3 August 1940. Two days later, he saw combat against Messerschmitt Bf 109s off the French coast, and suffered serious damage to his aircraft, forcing him to land at RAF Hawkinge. Donahue thus became one of ten Americans to fly for the RAF in the Battle of Britain in 1940. 
A week later, on 12 August, he was wounded in combat over England's south coast in his Supermarine Spitfire Mk. I. He was forced to bail out of his burning aircraft, and suffered burns and leg injuries.
On 29 September 1940, he was reassigned to No. 71 Squadron, one of three Eagle Squadrons, RAF units composed of American pilots, but did not see combat with that unit. Because of the lack of action, he requested to be reassigned to No. 64 Squadron, arriving back there on 23 October.
In February 1941, Donahue served with No. 91 Squadron, although in March he went on leave back to the USA. In October 1941 he was posted to No. 258 Squadron in the Far East, and participated in the Battle of Singapore, also seeing action over Sumatra in February 1942, where he was wounded by ground fire. After returning to England in mid-1942, he rejoined No 91 Squadron as a flight commander. He became the first American in RAF history to lead an all-English squadron. During his various combat engagements, he became an ace by shooting down five enemy aircraft. For his efforts, he was awarded four medals, including the UK's Distinguished Flying Cross on 27 March 1942.
Death.
Flight Lieutenant Donahue was killed in action on 11 September 1942, while a member of No. 91 Squadron. Attempting to intercept a Ju 88 his plane was hit by return fire and ditched in the English Channel. Donahue once wrote in a letter to his parents, "My life may not be long, but it will be wide." He is commemorated on the Air Forces Memorial at Runnymede in Surrey, England.
Donahue wrote two books, "Tally-Ho! Yankee in a Spitfire" and "Last Flight from Singapore" about his service in the RAF.

</doc>
<doc id="20916477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916477" title="Catriona Forrest">
Catriona Forrest

Catriona Forrest (born 27 February 1984 in Glasgow) is a female field hockey defender from Scotland. She plays club hockey for Glasgow Western Ladies, and made her debut for the Women's National Team in 2005. Her older brother James represented Scotland at cricket up to U19 level.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20916490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916490" title="Dillard Mill State Historic Site">
Dillard Mill State Historic Site

Dillard Mill State Historic Site is a preserved water-powered gristmill on Huzzah Creek in Crawford County, Missouri, maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as a state historic site.

</doc>
<doc id="20916497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916497" title="Ministry of Home Affairs (Malaysia)">
Ministry of Home Affairs (Malaysia)

The Ministry of Home Affairs () is a Malaysian government ministry in charge of domestic affairs such as immigration, civil defence and public matters.
Agencies.
The Ministry of Home Affairs is made up of the following government organisations:
Vision.
Excellent lead in management immigration field, population, citizenship and organisation registration world-standard for peace and well being of the country.
Mission.
Legislate policy and develop quality and latest service delivery management system together with country progresses.
Objectives.
Contributed to government effort continuously and efficient affairs in planning and management immigration, registration, citizenship, organisation, suitable control of film and security with technological change, growth socio- economy and needs of the nation.
History.
British colony.
As of the forming of the Federation of Malaya on 1 February 1948 until March 1951, the administration of Malaysia on the Federal or Central Government was administered by three English High Officers with the title Chief Secretary, Attorney General and Financial Secretary.
In March 1951, the administration of the colonial British in the Federation of Malaya had made an important historical change by having a new Member System.
At that moment, it was the beginning of a new portfolio or department of Home Affairs and now being known as the Ministry of Home Affairs and Internal Security. Until now, the ministry has gone through its own historical name changes from the Department of Home Affairs, Ministry of the Interior and Justice, Ministry of the Interior and Ministry of Internal Security, Ministry of Home Affairs and now as Ministry of Home Affairs and Internal Security.
As of its formation, the Department of Home Affairs was responsible for nine government offices and agencies which were the Broadcasting Office, Cooperative Development, Film Unit, Immigration, Information Office, Pilgrimage Office, registration Office, Welfare of Aborigines Office, Rural and Industrial Development Authority- RISDA. The first member of the Department of Home Affairs was Dato’ Onn bin Jaafar (former Chief Minister of Johor and first Yang Di-pertuan Agong of United Malays National Organisation / UMNO).
After the first Federal Election on 27 July 1955 and the winning of the Alliance Party (coalition of UMNO, MCA and MIC), Tunku Abdul Rahman Putra was elected as the Chief Minister of Federation of Malaya as well as the Minister of Home Affairs on 9 August 1955. At the same time, the 'Member System' of administration was dissolved and replaced by the 'Ministry System'. With this change, the Department of Home Affairs had become the Ministry of the Interior and Justice.
Since as of the moment, the Minister of Interior and Justice was also the Chief Minister, therefore a Junior Minister was appointed to manage the Ministry of Interior and Justice. Encik Bahaman bin Shamsudin was appointed as the Junior Minister of the Ministry of Interior and Justice on 9 August 1955.
Independence.
When the Federation of Malaya achieved its independence on the 31 August 1957, YTM Tunku Abdul Rahman was appointed as the first Prime Minister and Minister of Interior and Justice as well as Minister for Internal Defense and Security. At that time, the Ministry of Interior and Justice was responsible for nine departments which were, Department of Broadcast, Department of Public Defense, Department of Immigration, Department of Information, Department of Pilgrimage, Department of Prints, Department of Prison, Department of Registration and Department of Statistics as well as the Economic Committee.
On July 1958, the Ministry of Interior and Justice was revamped and renamed Ministry of the Interior and Justice. Dato Suleiman bin Dato’ Abdul Rahman was appointed as the Minister of Interior and Justice on September 1957.
Ministry devolution.
On August 1959, the Ministry of Interior and Justice was separated into two separate Ministries which were, Ministry of Interior and Ministry of Justice. Departments under the responsibility of Ministry of Interior were, Department of Aborigines, Department of Chemicals, Department of Fire Brigade, department of Local Government, Department of Government Printing, Department of Prison, Department of Town and Country Planning. The Ministry of Justice was responsible for Judiciary, the Attorney General as well as Public Trustee and Custodian of Enemy Property.
At the end of 1959, another Ministry was formed and named Ministry of Internal Security, which was responsible for the Federation of Malaya Royal Police Force and Directorate of Border Security. In September 1959, Dato’ Suleiman bin Dato’ Abdul Rahman was appointed as the Minister of Internal Security and Y.B. Tun Leong Yew Koh as the Minister of Justice.
On 1 August 1962, there was a reshuffle of the Cabinet, where Dato’ Dr. Ismail bin Dato’ Abdul Rahman was appointed as the Minister of Interior Security and Minister of Home Affairs. In 1965, the Ministry of Internal Security was abolished and grafted into the Ministry of Interior which later was renamed as Ministry of Home Affairs.
On 1 June 1967, Tun Dr. Ismail bin Dato’ Abdul Rahman resigned from his post and was replaced by Tun Abdul Razak bin Dato’ Hussein as Minister of Ministry of Home Affairs as well as the Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Rural and Regional Development and Minister of Defence.
Following the bloody event of 13 May 1969, a state of Emergency was announced and National Operations Council was formed to administer the country with Tun Abdul Razak as its Director. On the 20 May 1969, Tun Dr. Ismail returned as a member of the Cabinet and was appointed as Minister of Home Affairs. Later on the 23 September 1970, Tun Abdul Razak formed his own Cabinet with 18 Ministers and 7 Junior Ministers or Deputy Minister. Tun Dr. Ismail was appointed as Deputy Prime Minister as well as Minister of Home Affairs.
On 13 August 1973, Tan Sri Muhammad Ghazali bin Shafie was appointed as Minister of Home Affairs replacing Y.A.B. Tun Dr. Ismail who died on 2 August 1973, whereas Datuk Abdul Samad bin Idris was appointed as Deputy Minister.
In 1977, the Ministry of Home Affairs was responsible for 6 departments, which were Royal Malaysian Police, Immigration, Registry of Societies, Registry Department, Malaysian Prison Department and Department of Aborigines. The Ministry of Home Affairs were also responsible for the Psychological war and the Voluntary Home Guard which later was renamed as RELA Corps.
In 1979, another department was placed under the responsibility of the Ministry of Home Affairs which was the Central Narcotics Bureau which was formerly placed under the Judiciary Ministry. In 1980,a Committee was formed to aid the administration of the Central Narcotics Bureau and that Committee became several divisions in the Ministry of Home Affairs. The Committee was later known as the Committee of Drugs which was the Committee for the Executive Action Unit.
The latest development in the Ministry of Home Affairs happened in 1981, which was the forming of another division named the Rehabilitation Division and Psychological Movement.
After Tan Sri Muhamad Ghazali bin Shafie, Tun Musa Hitam was appointed as the Interior Minister starting from 17 July 1981 until 16 March 1986, where he was also Deputy Prime Minister at that time. Later, Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad who was also the 4th Prime Minister took over the portfolio of the Interior Minister starting from 17 March 1986 until 10 January 1999.
Ministry restructure.
Starting from 14 January 1999, Dato’ Seri Abdullah bin Haji Ahmad Badawi headed the Ministry of Home Affairs until 27 March 2004. on the same date, the Ministry of Home Affairs was split into the Ministry of Home Affairs and Ministry of Interior Security Dato' Azmi Khalid was heading the Ministry of Home Affairs starting from 27 March 2004 until 13 February 2006.
The Ministry of Home Affairs is one of the important Ministries which is responsible to ensure policies, laws and regulations concerning citizenship and the country’s registry abide with the current need of the nation.
Because of the tasks and responsibility are heavy, therefore the Ministry of Home Affairs is always striving to improve the quality of service for the society and nation in line with the policy of 'People Friendly Service' and continue to make this an exemplary Ministry as well as being Excellent, Glorious and Renowned.
Merger.
On 14 February 2006, a reshuffle of the Cabinet was announced by then Malaysian Prime Minister Tun Abdullah bin Haji Ahmad Badawi, where there was a change and Dato’ Sri Mohd Radzi Sheikh Ahmad was the head of the Ministry of Home Affairs. The Ministry of Home Affairs and Internal Security was formed on 18 March 2008 following another cabinet reshuffle after the 12th General Election. It is the merging of two ministries, which are the Ministry of Home Affairs and Ministry of Internal Security. Actually these two ministries were once separated on 27 March 2004.
Because of this merger, there are several changes to the structure of organisation and tasks allocation as well as posts. Now the Ministry of Home Affairs and Internal Security is headed by a Minister and two Deputy Ministers. As of administration, the Ministry is administered by a Secretary General helped by three Deputy Secretary General and 25 Divisions. Each Deputy Secretary General heads a sector made up of several divisions which in turn is headed by a Division Secretary. Apart from that there are eight departments and agencies as well as a Government Company under the Ministry and is answerable to the Secretary General; which are the Royal Malaysian Police Force, Malaysia Department of Immigration, Registration Department, Prison Department, National Anti-drugs Agency, Registry of Societies, Department of Civil Defence and Print Nasional Malaysia Berhad.

</doc>
<doc id="20916498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916498" title="Dean Barker">
Dean Barker

Dean Barker is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20916502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916502" title="Paralamas e Titãs Juntos e Ao Vivo">
Paralamas e Titãs Juntos e Ao Vivo

Paralamas e Titãs Juntos e Ao Vivo is a live album by Brazilian rock bands Paralamas do Sucesso and Titãs in 2008. It is the second live album recorded by both bands together, and it has been released as a DVD as well. The album is part of the bands' 25 years of career celebration, and several other shows took place in the beginning of 2008, with both bands sharing stage. Some well-known Brazilian artists made guest appearances during the show, like Andreas Kisser (from Sepultura), Samuel Rosa (from Skank), and Arnaldo Antunes (ex-Titãs).

</doc>
<doc id="20916503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916503" title="Bryant B. Newcomb">
Bryant B. Newcomb

Bryant Baxter Newcomb (August 23, 1867 – February 1, 1945) was an American Republican Party politician, who served as Mayor of Long Branch, New Jersey and on the Monmouth County Board of Chosen Freeholders.
Biography.
Born in Vineland, Cumberland County, Bryant B. Newcomb came as a child to Long Branch, where he made his home for the rest of his life. He worked as a bookkeeper prior to working at the F. M. Taylor Publishing Co. (Later the Monmouth County Publishing Co.), publishers of the "Long Branch Record". 
Newcomb was a firefighter with the Atlantic and Independent Fire Companies of the Long Branch Fire Department. He served as Long Branch City Clerk before being elected to the City Commission, where he was chosen to serve as Mayor for the years 1912 through 1916. 
Newcomb was elected to the Board of Chosen Freeholders in the 1918 general election, and served six three year terms. He served as Director of the Board from 1921 through 1933.
Bryant B. Newcomb's tenure on the Board of Freeholders coincided with the increased use of the automobile during the 1920s, and millions of dollars were invested in the county's infrastructure during this time. Many miles of concrete roads and new bridges were constructed.
In 1933, Newcomb and his running mate, Arthur Johnson, were defeated by Democrats Arthur Pryor and Henry W. Herbert.
After leaving the board, Newcomb retired from politics, remaining in the newspaper business. On February 1, 1945 he died from injuries sustained from being struck by a taxicab.

</doc>
<doc id="20916510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916510" title="Ministry of Internal Security (Malaysia)">
Ministry of Internal Security (Malaysia)

Ministry of Internal Security was a Malaysian federal government ministry.
History.
This ministry was established in March 2004 by dividing the Home Ministry into two ministries, namely Ministry of Internal Security And Ministry of Home Affairs.
Ministry of Internal Security was led by the former Prime Minister of Malaysia, Tun Abdullah Ahmad Badawi and was supported by two Deputy Ministers. Secretary-General (Sec-Gen) KKDN who was aided by two Deputy Secretaries General (Sec-Gen), was responsible for five respective parts presided by a Secretary Part. On the other hand, each Secretary (Management) had eight parts under him/her. Three more departments were directly accountable to Sec-Gen.
Departmental structure.
This department had four departments / agency:
On March 18, 2008, a new cabinet was announced and the Ministry of Internal Security was again incorporated into the Ministry of Home Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20916519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916519" title="Saturn Films">
Saturn Films

Saturn Films is actor Nicolas Cage's film production company.

</doc>
<doc id="20916532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916532" title="Juan Carlos Ecomba">
Juan Carlos Ecomba

Juan Carlos Ecomba (born 1967 in Equatorial Guinea) is a retired Equatoguinean football striker (right winger).
Due to the civil wars in his natal country, he should have gone into exile in Argentina. In this South American country, he played for Nueva Chicago, Deportivo Riestra, JJ Urquiza, Chacarita Juniors and Lugano.
Personal life.
According to an official gazette from Buenos Aires City Hall that dates back to 29 August 2000, Ecomba has acquired the Argentine nationality.

</doc>
<doc id="20916533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916533" title="Samantha Judge">
Samantha Judge

Samantha Judge (born 22 March 1978 in Paisley) is a female field hockey forward from Scotland. She played club hockey for Glasgow Western, and made her debut for the Women's National Team in 1999. A resident of Edinburgh also played badminton for Scotland at U16 level. She is the current player coach at Edinburgh University Hockey Club 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20916536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916536" title="BR Standard Class 9F 92020-9">
BR Standard Class 9F 92020-9

British Railways Standard Class 9F steam locomotives Nos 92020-9 were experimentally built with Franco-Crosti boilers, thus forming a subclass. All ten were built in 1955 at Crewe Works.
The Franco-Crosti boiler took the form of a single cylindrical water drum running along the underside of the main boiler barrel; the standard chimney at the front was only used during lighting-up, in normal working the gases went through firetubes inside the preheater drum that led to a second smokebox situated beneath the boiler from which there emerged a chimney on the right-hand side (fireman's), just forward of the firebox.
In the event, the experiment did not deliver the hoped-for benefits, and efficiency was not increased sufficiently to justify the cost and complexity. Moreover, conditions were unpleasant on the footplate in a cross-wind, this in spite the later provision of a small deflector plate forward of the chimney. These problems led to the subsequent sealing off of the preheater drum, over the period 1959-1961, and the locomotives were then worked conventionally. As a result of this, there was a reduced ability to generate steam, and so their power classification was reduced from 9F to 8F.
All were fitted with the BR1B-type tender.
Withdrawal.
No. 92028 was the first Franco-Crosti 9F to be withdrawn in October 1966, with 92027 following in August 1967, but the remainder were withdrawn "en masse" in November 1967. All were scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="20916553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916553" title="Gov. Daniel Dunklin's Grave State Historic Site">
Gov. Daniel Dunklin's Grave State Historic Site

Gov. Daniel Dunklin's Grave in the town of Herculaneum in Jefferson County, Missouri, about 30 miles south of St. Louis, and is maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as a state historic site.[http://www.mostateparks.com/dunklinsgrave.htm] It preserves the grave of Missouri Governor Daniel Dunklin.

</doc>
<doc id="20916570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916570" title="1982 Michigan Wolverines football team">
1982 Michigan Wolverines football team

The 1982 Michigan Wolverines football team represented the University of Michigan in the 1982 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team's head coach was Bo Schembechler. The Wolverines played their home games at Michigan Stadium.
Game notes.
Northwestern.
Steve Smith ran for two touchdowns and passed for three more. Michigan scored on all six of its possessions in the first half. Anthony Carter had two touchdown receptions to set the school career record. 
Awards.
Professional football.
The following players were claimed in the 1983 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20916571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916571" title="France Bučar">
France Bučar

France Bučar (born 2 February 1923) is a Slovenian politician, legal expert and author. Between 1990 and 1992, he served as the first chairman of the freely elected Slovenian Parliament. He was the one to formally declare the independence of Slovenia on June 25, 1991. He is considered as one of the founding fathers of Slovenian democracy and independence. He is also considered, together with Peter Jambrek, as the main author of the current Slovenian constitution.
Biography.
Bučar was born in the small Upper Carniolan town of Bohinjska Bistrica in what was then the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, now in Slovenia. After finishing the prestigious St. Stanislas Institution in Šentvid near Ljubljana, he enrolled to the University of Ljubljana, where he studied law. After the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia, Bučar joined the Liberation Front of the Slovenian People. In May 1942, he was arrested by the Italian Fascist authorities and sent to the Gonars concentration camp. After the Italian armistice, he returned home, but was arrested by the Nazis. In July 1944, he escaped and joined the Partisan resistance in southern Carinthia. In 1944, he joined the Communist Party of Slovenia, after a guarantee that he could keep his Roman Catholic religious affiliation. In May 1945, he was in the military unit that liberated Klagenfurt.
After the end of the war, Bučar was included in the Slovenian division of the Corps of National Defence (later renamed to OZNA), a Yugoslav military counter-intelligence service. He was demobilized in 1946. In 1947 he graduated from law at the University of Ljubljana. Between 1947 and 1956, he worked as an expert on economic law in the government of the Socialist Republic of Slovenia. In 1956, he obtained his PhD at the University of Zagreb and moved to Belgrade, where he worked as a secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Commerce for one year. In 1957, he became a legal consultant of the Republic Assembly (State Parliament) of Slovenia. In 1959, he travelled to the USA as an Eisenhower Exchange Fellow, studying for ten months at the University of Philadelphia.
In 1962, he started teaching public administration at the Faculty of Law of the University of Ljubljana. During this period, Bučar started openly voicing his criticism to certain features of the Yugoslav Communist system, especially the excessive centralism and the not entirely successful economic integration of the different regions of Yugoslavia. In 1963, he was excluded from the Communist Party. He continued teaching at the university, where he grew increasingly popular among students; in an environment that was skeptical to non-Marxist social theories, Bučar expanded the curriculum by introducing system theory and the thought of Max Weber. Unlike other prominent faculty, Bučar assumed a skeptical attitude towards the student movement in the years 1968–1972.
After 1968, he published numerous articles criticizing the establishment of large business systems in Yugoslavia, the frequent changes in the legal framework and the lack of clear responsibilities in decision-making processes. In 1976, he was fired from the university and was not allowed to publish anything for five years. 
In the 1980s, he started collaborating with the alternative journal "Nova revija". In early 1988, he was invited to speak at the European Parliament; he caused a scandal in Yugoslavia by proposing to block all economic aid to the socialist countries of Eastern Europe in order to force them to adopt economic and political reform. 
In 1989, he was among the co-founders of the Slovenian Democratic Union, one of the first opposition parties to the Communist regime in Slovenia. After the victory of the DEMOS coalition in the first free elections in Slovenia in 1990, Bučar was elected as the Chairman of the Slovenian National Assembly. As the president of the Parliament and member of the Constitution Committee, Bučar had a crucial role in the adoption of the new Slovenian constitution. During this period, Bučar insisted on providing a sound legal basis for Slovenia's independence from Yugoslavia, and rejected all voluntaristic political actions, gaining a label of legalist.
After the split in the Slovenian Democratic Union, Bučar joined the Democratic Party led by Dimitrij Rupel. He was re-elected to the National Assembly in 1992 and became the chairman of the Committee for the Control over the Secret Service. In 1993, he left the party, remaining an independent MP until the elections of 1996.
In 1996, he unsuccessfully ran as mayor of Ljubljana backed by a coalition of centre-right parties. In 2002, he unsuccessfully ran for President of Slovenia as an independent candidate.
Until May 2012, he was the president of the International Paneuropean Union for Slovenia.
In June 2012, Bučar stated in an interview for the magazine Mladina that the democracy in Slovenia was very weak, with the power concentrated in the hands of a few people, as in the time of the Socialist Republic of Slovenia before 1991, and that the Parliament was only a formal institution.
Bučar lives in Ljubljana. Besides Slovene, he is fluent in German, English and Serbo-Croatian.

</doc>
<doc id="20916591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916591" title="Each Time You Break My Heart">
Each Time You Break My Heart

"Each Time You Break My Heart" is a 1986 song recorded by singer Nick Kamen featuring Madonna and Siedah Garrett on backing vocals. It was his debut single from his album "Nick Kamen", released in 1987. The song achieved success in many European countries, including Ireland, Italy, UK, Swiss, and in the U.S. it was a top five hit on the dance charts. 
Written and produced by Madonna and Stephen Bray, it also cracked both the U.S. dance chart (remix by Shep Pettibone) and the Top 50 in Canada. Madonna had originally written and recorded the song for her "True Blue" album, but it did not make the cut. Her original version remains unreleased officially, but has leaked onto the internet. It is almost identical in melody and structure to Kamen's version.
The Japanese promo 7" sent to the DJ was released in unique black and white custom picture sleeve featuring Madonna and Nick Kamen in a studio. 

</doc>
<doc id="20916603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916603" title="Nikki Kidd">
Nikki Kidd

Nikki Kidd (born 14 August 1987 in Buckie) is a female field hockey forward from Scotland. She plays club hockey for Bonagrass Grove, and made her debut for the Women's National Team in 2006. Kidd, a resident of Longside, was a national level middle distance runner and had football (soccer) trials for Scotland at U15 level before focusing solely on hockey.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20916605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916605" title="Sine-Saloum">
Sine-Saloum

Sine-Saloum is a region in Senegal located north of the Gambia and south of the Petite Côte. It encompasses an area of 24,000 square kilometers, about 12% of Senegal, with a population in the 1990s of 1,060,000. 
The western portion contains the Saloum Delta, a river delta at the junction of the Saloum and the North Atlantic. It is in this region that the Saloum Delta National Park is located. 145,811 hectares of the Delta were designated a UNESCO Heritage Site in 2011. Because it flows so slowly, this delta allows saltwater to travel deep inland.
Long ago, the Serer kingdoms of Sine and Saloum were rivals. In 1984, the area was divided into two administrative regions: Kaolack and Fatick.
Economy.
Primary economic activities in the 2000s consisted of fishing, salt production, peanut farming, and millet farming.
Transportation is difficult because of the many islands.
A secondary economy is the construction of fishing boats.
Ecosystem.
Much of the region consists of mangrove swamps. The upper reaches of the rivers adjoin the Sahel region and are affected by its desertification. The salinity of the water increased during the 1970s instance of the Sahel drought and mismanagement of the rivers upstream has been described as a factor. Mangroves are disappearing, and freshwater fish are disappearing with them. The villagers have difficulty obtaining freshwater. Sometimes water pumps are donated by international organizations, but spare parts are difficult to find when the pumps fail. The change in water salinity is affecting the ecosystem as much as it is changing the lifestyle of the inhabitants of the region.
Navigation.
Sine-Saloum has long been feared by even Europe's most distinguished mariners because the sandbanks move, particularly in Sangomar. This danger to outsiders has long protected the region and preserved its individual villages.

</doc>
<doc id="20916610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916610" title="Les Corts (Barcelona Metro)">
Les Corts (Barcelona Metro)

Les Corts is a Barcelona Metro station, on L3. It's named after a district, Les Corts. It was opened in 1975, when the Zona Universitària - Sants Estació section was added to the line. It's located under carrer de Joan Güell, between Travessera de les Corts and carrer de can Bruixa. It is in close proximity to the Nou Camp, home of 4-times champions league winners FC Barcelona

</doc>
<doc id="20916613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916613" title="Order of Francisco de Miranda">
Order of Francisco de Miranda

The Order of Francisco de Miranda ("Orden Francisco de Miranda") is conferred by the Republic of Venezuela in memory of Francisco de Miranda (1754–1816). This national honor and decoration was created to recognize Venezuelan citizens and foreigners who have contributed to the sciences, to the progress of the country, to the humanities or who have exemplified outstanding merits. There are several variations in this Order. This Order was originally a medal, established in 1934; however, it was established as an Order on July 28, 1939.
History.
This honor, conferred by the President of Venezuela, was established in the 1930s. Subsequent legislation modifying the Order, the former "Law on the Condecoration of the Francisco de Miranda Order" was enacted in July 1943. More recently, the law was revised further in 2006, establishing the different levels or rankings within the Order and also identifying potential categories of recipients.
Description.
The gold-colored neck order badge features an oblong maroon enamel center showing the left-facing profile of Francisco de Miranda. The Venezuelan patriot's name is emblazoned across the upper quadrants of a band which encompasses this central image. Eight sunburst rays extend from this enameled focal point; and these rays are supported by a single encircling nimbus band of gold. The obverse features an embossed image of the coat of arms of the "República Bolivariana de Venezuela." The device measures approximately 3-1/4 inches in diameter; and it is designed to hang from a bright yellow ribbon which is 1-3/8 inches wide, 18 inches in length.
The official medal contractor for the Venezuelan government was N.S. Meyer of New York, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20916638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916638" title="Jonas Proast">
Jonas Proast

Jonas Proast (c.1640−1710) was an English High Church Anglican clergyman and academic. He was an opponent of latitudinarianism, associated with Henry Dodwell, George Hickes, Thomas Hearne and Jonathan Edwards. He is now known for his controversy with John Locke, over Locke's "Letter concerning Toleration".
Life.
He was born in Colchester. After an Oxford education he was ordained in 1669, and became chaplain of All Souls College, Oxford in 1677.
He left his Oxford chaplaincies at Queen's College and All Souls as the result of an extended controversy with Leopold William Finch, the Warden of All Souls. Finch wrote an account of the quarrel in "The case of Mr. Jonas Proast" (1693). According to Anthony à Wood Proast was first expelled by Finch for "not giving his vote for the warden when he stood to be History Professor and for being meddling and troublesome in the
house." This was on the occasion in 1688 of the election, won by Henry Dodwell, for Camden Professor of History. Proast returned, though only in 1692, by the intervention of the Visitor, William Sancroft.
He became Archdeacon of Berkshire in 1698.
Proast reacted to the appearance of the English translation, by William Popple, of the "Epistola de Tolerantia" (Locke's "Letter concerning Translation" first appeared in this anonymous Latin version). In the anonymous reply, "The argument of the Letter concerning toleration, briefly consider’d and answer’d" (1690) he advocated for the possible moderate use of force in matters of religion. He argued that the magistrate had power to restrain false religion.
Proast's main point was that coercion may not lead directly to changed understanding of religion; but indirectly certain uses of force may actually inculcate beliefs or make the mind receptive to them. This argument aimed at undermining the premise of Locke's main argument on the ineffectiveness of intolerant behaviour and penal laws. Other arguments Proast makes include that, while civil societies were formed for primarily civil functions, they were not "the " onely " Ends for which they are designed." Because Eternal and religious matter impact society's welfare, the magistrate can concern himself with those matters as well. L
Locke reacted with "A Second Letter concerning Toleration" later in 1690, though under a pseudonym Philanthropus. Proast followed up with a reply in February 1691. In this later letter, Proast expanded on his arguments, arguing that good ideas have sometimes needed force, while bad ideas have expanded because of force: "Neither does the true Religion always prevail, without the Assistance of the Powers in being; nor is it always the true Religion which does so spread and prevail" Proast also argues against Locke's suggestion that each national religion sees itself as equally valid for civil protection, since French Catholicism was a false religion, French laws requiring subjects to attend mass "can be no Laws, which require men to go to Mass; unless Man can make Laws against God's Laws" After a pause Locke produced a "Third Letter" later in 1692. It was eight years before Proast replied with "Three Letters of Toleration" (1704). In that year Locke died, and his "Fourth Letter" was a posthumous work.
As a consequence of the exchanges with Proast, Locke had to sharpen his arguments, and moved further onto the ground of religious skepticism.

</doc>
<doc id="20916643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916643" title="Central Technical High School">
Central Technical High School

Central Technical High School, also known as Central Tech, is located on South Warren Street in Syracuse, New York. It was designed by Archimedes Russell, and built in 1900. At that time, it represented the latest in educational building design. Classes were first held in the school in 1903. The school building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20916644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916644" title="Jack Fincher (screenwriter)">
Jack Fincher (screenwriter)

Jack Fincher (Died 2002) was a screenwriter and journalist who has written for various magazines and periodicals, notably serving as a chief editor of "Life" magazine. He is also the father of acclaimed film director David Fincher. Fincher once wrote a Howard Hughes biopic before it was decided to go with John Logan's script for "The Aviator" instead.

</doc>
<doc id="20916648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916648" title="Winifred Coombe Tennant">
Winifred Coombe Tennant

Mrs Winifred Margaret Coombe Tennant (1 November 1874 – 31 August 1956) was a British suffragist, Liberal politician, philanthropist, patron of the arts and spiritualist. She and her husband settled near Swansea in South Wales, where she became an enthusiastic proponent of Welsh cultural traditions. She was also known by the bardic name "Mam o'r Nedd".
Biography.
She was born Winifred Margaret Pearce-Serocold in Britain on 1 November 1874, at Rodborough Lodge, Rodborough, Gloucestershire; but she grew up in France and Italy.
In 1895 she married Charles Coombe Tennant (1852–1928), who was 22 years older than she; and they made their home in the Swansea Valley, at Cadoxton Lodge, Neath. They had three sons, Christopher, Alexander, and Henry, and a daughter Daphne, but Christopher and Daphne died young.
Before the First World War, Mrs Coombe Tennant became a suffragist; She was a leading figure in the campaign for women's suffrage in south Wales and became president of Neath Women's Suffrage Society. In 1914 when war broke out she was appointed deputy chairman of the Women's Agricultural Committee for Glamorgan as well as chairman of the local War Pensions Commission. She also served as director of national service for Wales. She was at pains to stress that women claimed the vote as of right and not as a reward for their war work, although she acknowledged the role the war had played in changing attitudes to women's enfranchisement. She was a leading campaigner for Lloyd George's Coalition Liberals at the general election of 1918. She became the first woman to serve as a magistrate in Glamorgan. She was a member of the executive of the Welsh National Liberal Council and of the Committee for Self Government for Wales. In 1922 she was nominated by David Lloyd George to be a representative at the League of Nations, becoming the first British woman to do so. She was selected as the National Liberal candidate for the Forest of Dean constituency, but lost to the Labour candidate. 
As a nationalist, she was heavily involved in the Eisteddfod movement, becoming Mistress of the Robes to the Gorsedd of Bards.
She collected works of art; and in 1931 she became official buyer for the Glynn Vivian Art Gallery in Swansea, acquiring works by artists such as Gwen John, Kyffin Williams John Elwyn and Evan Walters.
Under the name "Mrs Willett" she practised as a medium, her clients including Sir Oliver Lodge. She was one of the mediums involved in the Palm Sunday Case, in which messages from the deceased Mary Catherine Lyttleton (who died on 21 March 1875) were supposedly transmitted by automatic writing to her lover Arthur Balfour. She had a long association with the writer and spiritualist Geraldine Cummins.She died on 31 August 1956 at her home in Kensington, London. Her papers are held in the archive of the National Library of Wales After her death Cummins published the book "Swan on a Black Sea", containing their correspondence, along with messages received from the spirit of "Mrs Willett" describing the afterlife.

</doc>
<doc id="20916661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916661" title="Finger Lakes State Park">
Finger Lakes State Park

Finger Lakes State Park is a state park in the state of Missouri consisting of in Boone County near the city of Columbia. Activities available at the park include camping, fishing, picnicking, swimming, mountain biking, and all-terrain vehicle (ATV) riding.
The park is unusual in that the site of the park was reclaimed after having been strip mined for coal. Between 1964 and 1967 the area was known as Peabody Coal's Mark Twain Mine, from which the company removed 1.2 million short tons (1.1 Tg) of coal. Peabody donated the land to the state for use as a park, and the state restored the site with one of a dozen federal grants issued with the intent to demonstrate the conversion of strip-mined land to recreational use.
The park has many hills and gullies that are crossed by more than of trails for off-road motorcycles, ATVs, and motocross. Finger Lakes is one of two state parks in Missouri used for off-road vehicles. The history of the other, St. Joe State Park, is also connected with mining.
A long corridor of water, created by joining small isolated lakes left by the mining, are used for canoeing, fishing, swimming, and scuba diving. The lake features a large sand beach. A shaded camping area has 35 sites, 16 of which have electricity.

</doc>
<doc id="20916667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916667" title="Leipzig Meuten">
Leipzig Meuten

The Leipzig Meuten, (die Meuten meaning 'packs' in German) were anti-Nazi gangs of children, teenagers and young adults based in Leipzig during the Nazi period of Germany. They were similar to the Edelweiss Pirates, but came from more organised socialist or communist traditions. Between 1937 and 1939, die Meuten in Leipzig had an estimated 1500 members.
There is a permanent exhibition commemorating them at the Leipzig School Museum. 

</doc>
<doc id="20916674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916674" title="Debbie McLeod">
Debbie McLeod

Debbie McLeod (born 20 October 1972 in Dundee) is a female field hockey goalkeeper from Scotland. She played club hockey for Bonagrass Grove, and made her debut for the Women's National Team in 1999. McLeod works as a swimming pool technician. Her brother played national level football at U16 level.

</doc>
<doc id="20916693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916693" title="RVNS Tran Quang Khai (HQ-02)">
RVNS Tran Quang Khai (HQ-02)

RVNS "Tran Quang Khai" (HQ-02) was a South Vietnamese frigate of the Republic of Vietnam Navy in commission from 1971 to 1975. She and her six sister ships were the largest South Vietnamese naval ships of their time.
History.
Construction and United States Navy service 1944-1946.
"Tran Quang Khai" was built in the United States by Lake Washington Shipyard at Houghton, Washington, as the United States Navy "Barnegat"-class seaplane tender . Commissioned in July 1944, "Bering Strait" served in the Central Pacific during World War II and on occupation duty in Japan postwar. She was decommissioned in June 1946 and placed in reserve.
United States Coast Guard service 1949-1971.
The U.S. Navy loaned "Bering Strait" to the United States Coast Guard, which commissioned her in 1949 as the "Casco"-class Coast Guard cutter USCGC "Bering Strait" (WAVP-382). Reclassified as a high endurance cutter and redesignated WHEC-382 in 1966, she patrolled ocean stations in the Pacific Ocean, for nearly 22 years, reporting weather data and engaging in search-and-rescue and law-enforcement operations. During the Vietnam War, she served two tours off Vietnam, in 1967-1968 and in 1970.
Republic of Vietnam Navy service 1971-1975.
Acquisition and operations.
After her antisubmarine warfare equipment had been removed, "Bering Strait" was transferred to South Vietnam on 1 January 1971 and was commissioned into the Republic of Vietnam Navy as the frigate RVNS "Tran Quang Khai" (HQ-02) By mid-1972, six other former "Casco"-class cutters had joined her in South Vietnamese service. They were the largest warships in the South Vietnamese inventory, and their 5-inch (127-millimeter) guns were South Vietnam's largest naval guns. "Tran Quang Khai" and her sisters fought alongside U.S. Navy ships during the final years of the Vietnam War, patrolling the South Vietnamese coast and providing gunfire support to South Vietnamese forces ashore.
When South Vietnam collapsed at the end of the Vietnam War in late April 1975, "Tran Quang Khai" became a ship without a country. She fled to Subic Bay in the Philippines, packed with South Vietnamese refugees. On 22 May 1975 and 23 May 1975, a U.S. Coast Guard team inspected "Tran Quang Khai" and five of her sister ships, which also had fled to the Philippines in April 1975. One of the inspectors noted: "These vessels brought in several hundred refugees and are generally rat-infested. They are in a filthy, deplorable condition. Below decks generally would compare with a garbage scow."
Acquisition by the Philippines.
After "Tran Quang Khai" had been cleaned and repaired, the United States formally transferred her to the Republic of the Philippines on 5 April 1976.
Philippine Navy service 1976-1985.
The ship was commissioned into the Philippine Navy as frigate BRP "Diego Silang" (PF-9) on 5 April 1976. She was decommissioned in June 1985, discarded in July 1990, and probably scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="20916704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916704" title="Church of the Pater Noster">
Church of the Pater Noster

The Church of the Pater Noster, also known as the Sanctuary of the Eleona (), is a partially reconstructed Roman Catholic church located on the Mount of Olives, north of the Tombs of the Prophets, in Jerusalem. It stands on the traditional site of Christ's teaching of the Lord's Prayer. (). Today, the land on which the church stands formally belongs to France.
History.
The modern church is built on the site of a fourth-century basilica designed by Constantine I to commemorate the Ascension of Jesus Christ. It was built under the direction of Constantine's mother Helena in the early 4th century, who named it the "Church of the Disciples". The pilgrim Egeria was the first to refer to it as the church of the "Eleona", meaning "olive grove" in the late 4th century. The church is mentioned by the Bordeaux pilgrim in the "Itinerarium Burdigalense" "circa" 333, and the historian Eusebius of Caesarea recounts that Constantine constructed a church over a cave on the Mount of Olives that had been linked with the Ascension. The 2nd century Acts of John mention the existence of a cave on the Mount of Olives associated with the teachings of Jesus, but not specifically the Lord's Prayer. The church survived intact until it was destroyed by Persians in 614. The memory of Jesus' teaching remained associated with this site, and during the crusades it became exclusively associated with the teaching of the Lord's Prayer. Christian crusaders constructed a small oratory amid the ruins in 1106, and a full church was constructed in 1152 thanks to funds donated by the Bishop of Denmark, who is buried inside the church. The crusader era church was heavily damaged during the Siege of Jerusalem in 1187, eventually being abandoned and falling into ruin in 1345. In 1851 the remaining stones of the 4th-century church were sold for tombstones in the Valley of Jehoshaphat. The site was acquired by the Princesse Bossi Aurelia, de la Tour d'Auvergne in the late 19th century and a search for the cave mentioned by early pilgrims began. In 1868 she built a cloister modeled on the Campo Santo at Pisa, Italy and founded a Carmelite convent in 1872. In 1910 the foundations over the cave were found partly beneath the cloister. The convent was moved nearby and reconstruction of the Byzantine church began in 1915. The church remains unfinished.
Design and layout.
The 4th-century Byzantine church has been partially reconstructed and provides a good sense of what the original was like. The churches dimensions are the same as the original and the garden outside the three doors outlines the atrium area. The church is unroofed and has steps that lead into a grotto where some Christians believe that Jesus revealed to his disciples his prophesy of the destruction of Jerusalem and the second coming. Unfortunately the cave containing the grotto partially collapsed when it was discovered in 1910. It also cuts partly into a 1st-century tomb. Left of the church's south door is a baptistery paved with mosaic. The cloister is of European style and contains plaques that bear the Lord's Prayer in over 100 different languages. A road to the right of the convent leads to the Russian Church of the Ascension and Byzantine tomb chapels where some Armenian mosaics are preserved in a small museum.
Location.
The church is located in the At-Tur district of Jerusalem which has a population of about 18,000 mostly Muslim Arabs, with a small Christian minority.

</doc>
<doc id="20916705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916705" title="Louis F. Moench">
Louis F. Moench

Louis Frederick Moench (July 29, 1847 – April 25, 1916) was the founder of Weber Stake Academy and the father of education in Northern Utah, on the same level of importance as John R. Park and Karl G. Maeser to the development of education in Utah.
Moench was born in Neuffen, Germany. He was educated in Germany, but before completing studies at a gymnasium came to Chicago with his family. He eventually graduated from Bryant & Stratton College there. He then headed west with the intention of becoming an educator in California. However he stopped in Salt Lake City and through the kindness of the people there came to join The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. For a short time Moench was an instructor at the University of Deseret (the predecessor of the University of Utah) and then moved to Ogden, Utah.
In Ogden, Moench was supervisor of the city and county schools. He also was for nine years the principal of the Weber Stake Academy. He was succeeded as head of the academy in 1902 by David O. McKay.
Moench also served as a missionary for the LDS Church in Switzerland and Germany. While on this mission he published many materials in German. The most notable of these was the hymn "Hark, All Ye Nations" set to music by George F. Root. This hymn became the most loved hymn of the German-speaking Latter-day Saints and was translated into English and published as part of the 1985 version of the LDS hymnbook.
Moench was also the assistant superintendent of the Sunday Schools of the Weber Stake under Richard Ballantyne.

</doc>
<doc id="20916713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916713" title="1981 Michigan Wolverines football team">
1981 Michigan Wolverines football team

The 1981 Michigan Wolverines football team represented the University of Michigan in the 1981 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team's head coach was Bo Schembechler. The Wolverines played their home games at Michigan Stadium.
The September 19 25–7 victory over top-ranked Notre Dame, was one of the largest margins of victory over a #1 ranked team ever.
Players.
Professional football.
The following players were claimed in the 1982 NFL Draft.
A total of twenty-three (23) members of the 1980 Michigan football team went on to play professional football. They are: Kurt Becker (Chicago Bears, 1982-88, 1990, Los Angeles Rams, 1989), Marion Body (Michigan Panthers, 1983), Keith Bostic (Houston Oilers, 1983-88), Cleveland Browns, 1990), Don Bracken (Green Bay Packers, 1985-90, Los Angeles Rams, 1992-93), Anthony Carter (Michigan Panthers, 1983-84, Oakland Invaders, 1985, Minnesota Vikings, 1985-93, Detroit Lions, 1994-95), Milt Carthens (Indianapolis Colts, 1987), Evan Cooper (Philadelphia Eagles, 1984-87, Atlanta Falcons, 1988-89), Jerry Diorio (Detroit Lions, 1987), Tom Dixon (Michigan Panthers, 1984), Craig Dunaway (Pittsburgh Steelers, 1983), Stanley Edwards (Houston Oilers, 1982-86, Detroit Lions, 1987), Paul Girgash (Michigan Panthers, 1984), Ali Haji-Sheikh (New York Giants, 1983-85, Atlanta Falcons, 1986, Washington Redskins, 1987), Mike Hammerstein (Cincinnati Bengals, 1986-90), Stefan Humphries (Chicago Bears, 1984-86, Denver Broncos, 1987-88), Eric Kattus (Cincinnati Bengals, 1986-91, New York Jets, 1992), Ed Muransky (Los Angeles Raiders, 1982-84, Orlando Renegades, 1985), Bubba Paris (San Francisco 49ers, 1983-90, Indianapolis Colts, 1991, Detroit Lions 1991), Lawrence Ricks (Kansas City Chiefs, 1983-84), Carlton Rose (Washington Redskins, 1987), Rich Strenger (Detroit Lions, 1983-87), Robert Thompson (Tampa Bay Buccaneers, 1983-84, Detroit Lions, 1987), and Butch Woolfolk (New York Giants, 1982-84, Houston Oilers, 1985-86, Detroit Lions, 1987-88).

</doc>
<doc id="20916721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916721" title="First Missouri State Capitol State Historic Site">
First Missouri State Capitol State Historic Site

First Missouri State Capitol State Historic Site in St. Charles, Missouri, is maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as a state historic site. The first floor of the building was used as a store and residence while the second floor was used by the state government. Both are preserved today.

</doc>
<doc id="20916736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916736" title="1948 Dixie Bowl">
1948 Dixie Bowl

The 1948 Dixie Bowl was a post-season college football bowl game between the Arkansas Razorbacks and the William & Mary Indians. In the inaugural Dixie Bowl, Arkansas defeated William & Mary, who was ranked fourteenth by the AP Poll, 21–29. The final Dixie Bowl was played on 1949. William & Mary would get their revenge for the game the next year, a 9–0 win in Little Rock, and again in a 20–0 win in Little Rock.
Setting.
Arkansas entered the game with a 1–4–1 record in the Southwest Conference, with four non conference wins boosting their record to 5–4–1. William & Mary was 9–1 entering the game.
Game summary.
The William & Mary Indians took an early lead when they recovered a fumbled quick-kick, which led to a Jack Cloud touchdown run. Cloud scored again, but the extra point was missed by Indian quarterback Stan Magdziak. Down by 13, Arkansas quarterback Kenny Holland connected with Ross Pritchard for a 59-yard touchdown pass. After a completed extra point by Aubrey Fowler, Hog defender Melvin McGaha intercepted a Magdziak pass, and returned it for a 70-yard touchdown. Fowler again added the PAT, giving the Razorbacks a 14–13 lead. 
The Indians struck again in the third quarter, when Magdziak hit Henry Bland for a touchdown, but the extra point was no good for a second time. Arkansas would strike last, however, when Leon Campbell's 7-yard touchdown run gave the Hogs the lead with five minutes remaining. Arkansas moved their bowl record to 1–0–2 with the win, while William & Mary dropped to 0–1.

</doc>
<doc id="20916737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916737" title="Waterford IT GAA">
Waterford IT GAA

Waterford IT GAA club was set up in 1981. Its hurling team play in the Fitzgibbon Cup and Waterford Crystal Cup as well as Higher Education Leagues. Its football team play in the Sigerson Cup and McGrath Cup as well as Higher Education Leagues. Its hurling team competes in the Ashbourne Cup.
History.
Since its inception Waterford IT's GAA club has gone from strength to strength. In 1981 it consisted of one hurling team playing in Division 3. Today it has sixteen teams competing in twenty-two competitions in the third level education sector. Today the hurling, men’s football, ladies football and Camogie teams all compete at the top level of their respective competitions and have tasted great success down through the years. The club has always strived to provide as many games for as many students as possible, so involving the maximum number of students. This policy has been so successful that teams from Waterford IT have won a total of 71 titles, including: Division 1 Hurling titles, Fitzgibbon Cup trophies, Fresher 1 and Fresher 2 All-Irelands. Ashbourne Cup, Purcell Cups, Division 1 Leagues and numerous men's and Ladies Football titles. In fact since its foundation the club has won at least one major title every year. Recent successes include winning the Fitzgibbon cup in 2003, 2004 and 2006, the Ashbourne cup in 2001, fresher Camogie All-Ireland in 2005, the division 3 ladies football in 2003, the fresher hurling All-Ireland in 2006 and the fresher hurling and Camogie All-Ireland shield in 2007. 
Waterford Institute of Technology's GAA Club is now amongst the largest and most successful in the third level sector. It has over 1000 members and continues to grow. It has been a role model for many colleges and without doubt will continue to show leadership in the third level sector. The club intends to continue its proud tradition and to remain one of the country's leading GAA clubs in the third level sector. To mark the 25th anniversary of the GAA Club a book has been written and is due to be launched in October. This is guaranteed to increase the profile of the GAA club in Waterford IT as the book contains contributions from some of the top sports writers and GAA personnel in Ireland. Waterford Institute of Technology has also recently announced a new Sports Scholarship Programme 2007-2008, which will see the number of students on Sports Scholarships in the Institute increase to over 120 in the next four years. The scholarships will be available for the duration of the student’s undergraduate studies (to a maximum of four years) and will range from €3000 to €8000 per scholarship. With the expansion of this new scholarship scheme, will come phase 1 of the new sporting developments at Waterford IT’s West Campus in Carriganore. Starting August 2007, the first phase of the development will comprise the construction of 3 full size sand carpet pitches. ‘ Sport Campus Carriganore’, when completed will set the model for best practice in the area of sport and recreation provision, and will greatly enhance the GAA club in terms of participation, performance and excellence.

</doc>
<doc id="20916739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916739" title="Sand Hill Wildlife Management Area">
Sand Hill Wildlife Management Area

Sand Hill Wildlife Management Area is located near Parkersburg, West Virginia in Wood and Ritchie counties. Sand Hill WMA is located on of rugged, hilly oak-hickory woodlands interspersed with timber, oil and gas development sites.
The WMA is located on both sides of U.S. Route 50 at the Wood/Ritchie county line, about east of Parkersburg. Access to the northern section is from old US 50 at the county line. Access to the southern end of the WMA is from Volcano Road off the Mountwood Park exit of US 50.
Hunting and Fishing.
Hunting opportunities in Sand Hill WMA include deer, grouse, rabbit, squirrel, and turkey.
Although camping is not allowed at the WMA, camping is available at nearby North Bend State Park. A large firearm safety area is maintained around a mine on the northern section. Fishing is also available at North Bend.

</doc>
<doc id="20916740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916740" title="William Bentinck, Viscount Woodstock">
William Bentinck, Viscount Woodstock

William Jack Henry Bentinck, Viscount Woodstock (born 19 May 1984) (Graf Bentinck ) is a London-based social entrepreneur and speaker. He was a Vodafone Foundation "World of Difference" winner in 2011 and co-founded social enterprises Ragged University and Levantine Links.
Background and education.
Lord Woodstock (known as Will Bentinck) is the elder son of English actor Tim Bentinck, 12th Earl of Portland and couture milliner Judy Bentinck (née Judith Emerson). Born in London, he attended Harrow School and Heythrop College, University of London graduating with First Class Honours in Philosophy in 2010.
Career.
While earning his degree, Bentinck co-founded The Ragged University, a free service offering peer-to-peer educational events inspired by the 19th century English ragged schools. In December of the same year, Bentinck co-founded Levantine Links, a nonprofit organisation recruiting high-calibre UK graduates to provide English language programmes serving children and adults in Al-Hasakah, Syria, in collaboration with the Syriac Orthodox Church. In March 2012, Bentinck was named a Vodafone Foundation "World of Difference" winner, receiving funding for an internship with , a fellowship of the world's leading social entrepreneurs.
In 2012, Bentinck joined Enternships, founded by award-winning young entrepreneur Rajeeb Dey. He spoke at TEDxSquareMile, is a course leader for the Accelerator Academy and is a Tech London Advocate.

</doc>
<doc id="20916744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916744" title="Frederic P. Reichey">
Frederic P. Reichey

Frederic P. Reichey (March 25, 1895 – March 1978) was an American Democratic Party politician from Bradley Beach, New Jersey, who served on the Monmouth County, New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders.
Biography.
Reichey was elected in a close race in 1932, and served a single three-year term on the Board of Freeholders. When Democrats took a majority on the Board with the election of Arthur Pryor and Henry W. Herbert in the 1933 general election, Reichey was chosen as Director of the Board for the years 1934 and 1935.
Frederic P. Reichey was not a candidate in the 1935 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20916745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916745" title="Louise Munn">
Louise Munn

Louise Munn (born 30 September 1983 in Newport-on-Tay) is a female field hockey defender from Scotland, who also plays on midfield. She played club hockey for Bonagrass Grove, and made her debut for the Women's National Team in 2003. Munn works as a PE teacher.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20916749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916749" title="Scott Wilson (rugby league)">
Scott Wilson (rugby league)

Scott Wilson is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s, playing at club level for Halifax, as a , i.e. number 2 or 5.
Playing career.
Rugby Football League Championship winner.
Scott Wilson played in 33 (1 as a substitute) and scored 5 tries in Halifax's total of 37 games (30 League plus 7 in Cup competitions) when they were League Champions in the 1985–86 Rugby Football League Championship.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Scott Wilson played Right-, i.e. number 2, in Halifax's 19-18 victory over St. Helens in the 1987 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 2 May 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20916762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916762" title="Junulara E-Semajno">
Junulara E-Semajno

The Junulara E-Semajno (JES; ""Esperanto Youth Week"") is one of the most important Esperanto youth meetings in the world. It is organised by the German Esperanto Youth (GEJ) and the Polish Esperanto Youth (PEJ) at the end of every year in a different city of central Europe, starting 2009-10.
The meeting is taking the place of the former Internacia Seminario and Ago-Semajno, two Esperanto gatherings aimed at youth which had been overlapping since the beginning of the 2000s (decade); the former was organised by GEJ alone, while the latter was organised by the Polish Esperanto Youth and Varsovia Vento.
The location of the 1st JES was the town of Zakopane, in southern Poland, the 2nd - Burg (Spreewald) in Germany and the 3rd - Gdansk in northern Poland. The 4th was in Naumburg (Saale) (Germany). The 5th will be in Szczawno-Zdrój (Poland).

</doc>
<doc id="20916796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916796" title="Gen. John J. Pershing Boyhood Home State Historic Site">
Gen. John J. Pershing Boyhood Home State Historic Site

Gen. John J. Pershing Boyhood Home State Historic Site in Laclede, Missouri, is maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as a state historic site. General John Joseph "Jack" Pershing lead the American Expeditionary Forces in World War I and attained the rank of General of the Armies. Pershing was born on a farm outside of Laclede, but lived in the home from age six to adulthood. The historic site preserves and interprets the boyhood home and the one-room Prairie Mound School at which he taught for a year before attending West Point Military Academy. The home has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since May, 1976.
History.
The Gothic Revival style home was constructed circa 1857, and purchased by the Pershing family in 1866. Pershing remained in the home after completing high school, taking a teaching position at nearby Prairie Mound School until he left to attend the First District Normal School in Kirksville, Missouri. After graduating he returned to Laclede and taught at the Prairie Mound School again until being accepted to West Point. 
The Pershing home was acquired by the state of Missouri in 1952 when it was learned the owner at that time was intending to raze the building. On September 13, 1960, as part of a national centennial celebration of Pershing's birth, the home was officially dedicated in his memory and the soldiers who served under him. The home today features period-specific furniture from the mid and late 1800s as well as a small museum chronicling the life of Pershing. A few steps away sits the restored Prairie Mound school, also featuring 
interpretive displays. Tours are available. A nearby garden features Wall of Honor with the names of war veterans as well as a life-size statue of Pershing created in the 1950s by sculptor Carl Mose. About three miles west of Laclede is the Locust Creek Covered Bridge State Historic Site, where Pershing used to swim and fish as a boy, and Pershing State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20916797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916797" title="Dice Rules">
Dice Rules

Dice Rules is a comedy double album by comedian Andrew Dice Clay, which was released in 1991. It was released on record producer Rick Rubin's record label Def American and subsequently re-issued on Warner Bros. Records. The first side was recorded at Madison Square Garden with the second side being recorded in a smaller, more intimate club setting. There is also a film of the same name which came out in May 1991. The film received mostly negative reviews from critics and was nominated for three Razzie Awards including Worst Picture, Worst Actor (Andrew Dice Clay) and Worst Screenplay.

</doc>
<doc id="20916812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916812" title="Turkish Airlines Flight 278">
Turkish Airlines Flight 278

Turkish Airlines Flight 278, operated by a Boeing 737-4Y0 registered TC-JES and named "Mersin", was a domestic scheduled flight from Ankara Esenboğa Airport to Van Ferit Melen Airport in eastern Turkey that crashed on 29 December 1994 during its final approach to land in driving snow. Five of the seven crew and 52 of the 69 passengers lost their lives, two crew members and 17 passengers survived with heavy injuries.
Aircraft.
The aircraft, a Boeing 737-4Y0 with two CFMI CFM56-3C1 jet engines, was built by Boeing with manufacturer serial number 26074/2376, and made its first flight on September 25, 1992.
Crash.
At 15:30 EET (13:30 UTC), TK278 struck a hill near Edremit district of Van Province at AMSL around from Van Airport while on a third VOR-DME approach to the Runway 03 in bad weather despite a warning from air traffic control not to attempt any more approach in a snowstorm. The visibility was reducing to in heavy driving snow.
It was the worst aviation accident involving a Boeing 737-400 at that time. It was subsequently surpassed by Adam Air Flight 574 which crashed on January 1, 2007 with 102 fatalities, and fourth worst aircraft accident in Turkey at that time.
Crew and passengers.
The aircraft had a crew of 7 and 69 passengers including two babies. Two of the crew and 17 passengers survived the crash with serious injuries.

</doc>
<doc id="20916814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916814" title="MF Milano Finanza">
MF Milano Finanza

MF is an Italian national daily business newspaper owned by Class Editori, founded in 1989. 
Milano Finanza is an Italian national weekly business newspaper owned by Class Editori, sold with "MF" every Saturday since 1987.
The newspapers are very popular among the business operators of online trading.

</doc>
<doc id="20916819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916819" title="Ted James">
Ted James

Albert Edward James (7 August 1924 – 2 April 2013) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Sussex. He was a right-hand batsman and right arm medium pace bowler who in 12 years of county cricket took 843 wickets. He was born in Newton Longville, Buckinghamshire and died at Eastbourne, East Sussex. 
James began his cricket career with Buckinghamshire, playing four matches in the 1947 Minor Counties Championship. In 1948 he joined Sussex, making his first-class debut against Yorkshire in May of that year, he took 4 wickets in his first match including that of England captain Norman Yardley. James, who was dropped from the first team mid season, finished his maiden season with 33 wickets at an average of 25.12.
James was a regular in the Sussex side for the next ten years playing 299 matches for the club, he was awarded his county cap in 1950 and awarded a benefit season in 1961. He passed 50 wickets in a season for every year between 1950 and 1959, twice topping a 100 for the season.
James’ most prolific season was 1955 when he took 111 wickets at 21.31, including his best career figures of 9 for 60 against Yorkshire. The one wicket to evade him was that of Brian Close who was bowled by Robin Marlar.
James took 27 five-wicket hauls in his career, two of which came against touring international teams. The first came in 1953 when he recorded figures of 5/96 against the visiting Australians. The second was in 1959 when he took 5/65 against the Indian tourists.

</doc>
<doc id="20916821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916821" title="2007–08 Tercera División">
2007–08 Tercera División

The season 2007–08 of Tercera División of Spanish football started 26 August 2007 and ended 18 May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20916824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916824" title="Cath Rae">
Cath Rae

Catherine ("Cath") Rae (born 10 February 1985 in Aberdeen) is a female field hockey goalkeeper from Scotland. She plays club hockey for Grange Edinburgh Ladies, and made her debut for the Women's National Team in 2006. Rae was awarded Goalkeeper of the Tournament at both the 2004 U21 European Championships and the 2001 U16 European Championships.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20916846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916846" title="List of Jacksonville Jaguars starting quarterbacks">
List of Jacksonville Jaguars starting quarterbacks

These quarterbacks have started for the National Football League's Jacksonville Jaguars. They are listed in order of the date of each player's first start at quarterback for the Jaguars.
Seasons.
List of all Jacksonville Jaguars starting quarterbacks The number of games they started during the season is listed to the right:

</doc>
<doc id="20916853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916853" title="Graham Cave State Park">
Graham Cave State Park

Graham Cave State Park is a state park in the US state of Missouri consisting of located in Montgomery County. The park's namesake, Graham Cave, is a cave in St. Peters sandstone with an entrance wide and high and an extent of about into the hillside. The cave protects an historically important Pre-Columbian archaeological site dating back to as early as 10,000 years ago. Visitors are allowed up to the entrance of the cave where the interpretive signs point out significant discoveries.
In 1847, settler Robert Graham purchased the property containing the cave, and the land remained in the Graham family until it was donated to the state for a state park in 1964 by Frances Graham Darnell, Robert's great-granddaughter. Robert Graham's son, D. F. Graham, sheltered hogs in the cave and became interested in archeology from the artifacts he found there. His collection of artifacts was offered by his son Benjamin to the University of Missouri, which investigated the cave in 1930. Benjamin's son-in-law, Wade Darnell, was persuaded to delay plans to enlarge the shelter for his livestock in 1948 so that archeological excavations could be made. The University of Missouri and the Missouri Archaeological Society excavated the cave between 1949 and 1961. The importance of the findings in that period resulted in the site being the first archaeological site in the United States to be designated a National Historical Landmark in 1961. Frances Graham Darnell donated the cave and surrounding land to the state of Missouri in 1964 to be a state park.
Artifacts recovered from the cave indicate that the cave's inhabitants used spears to hunt and fish. A ring of smaller stones surrounding a larger stone was found in the cave, suggesting that ceremonies were held. Pottery shows that more recent Native Americans also lived in the cave.
Apart from the cave, the state park offers access to the Loutre River for boating and fishing, both basic and electric campsites, and four hiking trails:
The park includes the Graham Cave Glades Natural Area which protects an area of sandstone and dolomite glades with a rich diversity of glade species.
The park is adjacent to Interstate 70 from which the entrance to the cave can be glimpsed during foliage-free months.

</doc>
<doc id="20916858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916858" title="Erin McCarley">
Erin McCarley

Erin Elizabeth McCarley (born January 8, 1979 in Garland, Texas) is an alternative music singer-songwriter. McCarley attended college at Baylor University, and is now based in Nashville, Tennessee. She has been compared to Sara Bareilles, Regina Spektor, and Sheryl Crow. Erin released her follow up to 2009's "Love, Save the Empty" on August 28, 2012, titled "My Stadium Electric".
Biography.
Influences.
Near the top of the list of McCarley’s favorite artists are names like Fiona Apple, Patty Griffin and Greg Laswell (the latter of whom co-wrote “Bobblehead”).
Beginning of Musical Career.
McCarley currently calls Nashville home, but she cut her musical teeth in San Diego, where she’d moved after college to pursue a life that did not feature music at its center. It was during this bout that McCarley met producer/writer/keyboardist Jamie Kenney (the rare partner she felt 100 percent comfortable with), and the two began honing the songs that would make up Love, Save the Empty.
"Love, Save the Empty".
In 2008, McCarley traveled the annual SXSW Music Festival where she was discovered by her label Universal Republic Records. "Love, Save the Empty", was released digitally on December 30, 2008 via iTunes debuting #86 on the Billboard Top 200 Album. Chart A physical album followed on January 6, 2009. The first single from the album, "Pony (It's OK)" was the iTunes Single of the Week for the first week of 2009.
During 2008, she was part of the "Hotel Café Tour" playing across the United States, and also performed at the 2008 SxSW festival. She was also part of the "Ten Out of Tenn" tour in Winter 2008/2009.
Erin spent 2009 on the road with various musicians including Brett Dennen, James Morrison, Paolo Nutini and Mat Kearney. In May 2013, she performed the song "Re-arrange Again" with K.S. Rhoads at the Oslo Freedom Forum in Oslo, Norway.
"My Stadium Electric".
On August 28, 2012, McCarley's second album "My Stadium Electric" was released exclusively to iTunes. "Amber Waves" was promoted as the iTunes Single of the Week.

</doc>
<doc id="20916868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916868" title="Healthcare in Ahmedabad">
Healthcare in Ahmedabad

Healthcare in Ahmedabad is provided through several hospitals and medical colleges - both government and private. Ahmedabad seeks to become a major player in medical tourism industry with this solid medical infrastructure. It already has a large number of foreigners and NRIs visiting it for quality and cost effective healthcare.
Ahmedabad Civil Hospital.
Opened in 1953, Ahmedabad Civil Hospital is the largest hospital in Asia. Civil Hospital is housed in a sprawling area, has 2,800 beds facility where over 13 lakh patients are treated and nearly 80,000 surgeries performed annually. It also has autonomous kidney, cancer, heart, eye, paraplegia, dental and TB hospitals located on the same campus, if all are taken into account, the number of beds goes up to 3,500. A proposal has been drawn up by Gujarat government to seek World Bank aid for a nine-storey 2,000-bed building on Civil Hospital premises, raising its capacity to 4,800 beds - making it the world's largest hospital.
Sheth Vadial Sarabhai General Hospital (VS Hospital).
VS Hospital is a multi-activity and multi-specialty hospital, which was the vision of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. The hospital was founded in year 1931 with an initial capital of Rs Four lakhs. It has 1,115 beds and is run by AMC and a committee consisting of members of the prominent Sarabhai and Chinai families who had donated the hospital to the city.. Over five lakh patients are treated here annually, averaging 1,600 patients a day. Also 25,000 surgeries are performed every year.
Plans are underway to expand the hospital capacity by building two new towers which will increase capacity by 2000 beds.

</doc>
<doc id="20916879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916879" title="Ken Armstrong">
Ken Armstrong

Ken Armstrong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20916884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916884" title="Francesco Malcom">
Francesco Malcom

Francesco Malcom (born November 27, 1971 in Bari, Italy) is a pornographic actor.

</doc>
<doc id="20916888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916888" title="Middleton and Prestwich by-election, 1920">
Middleton and Prestwich by-election, 1920

The Middleton and Prestwich by-election, 1920 was a by-election held on 22 November 1920 for the British House of Commons constituency of Middleton and Prestwich in Lancashire.
The by-election was triggered by the appointment as a judge of the sitting Coalition Liberal Member of Parliament, Sir William Ryland Dent Adkins KC. Adkins was appointed Recorder of Birmingham and this being an office of profit he was obliged by the electoral law of the day to submit to a by-election.
Constituency background.
Adkins had represented Middleton since winning the seat at the 1906 general election. At the 1918 general election Middleton was merged with Prestwich to create a new seat and Adkins retained it as a supporter of the coalition government of David Lloyd George and Andrew Bonar Law, having received The Coalition Coupon, despite the fact that he had previously acted as a loyal Asquithian. In 1918 Adkins had faced only Labour opposition and had won by a majority of 8,330 votes. 
By-election truce.
When the by-election was first occasioned, it had apparently been the intention of the Labour Party to contest it. The Conservatives were content to stand aside again for their coalition partner. Labour were planning to put up Alderman M B Farr of Mossley as their candidate but owing to an outbreak of smallpox in the constituency a by-election truce was called on the advice of the medical authorities so as to avoid the need for the usual door to door canvassing and holding of public meetings. This opportunity to withdraw with honour may have suited Labour given the difficulty in winning the seat they faced against the combined Liberal and Conservative electorate lined up behind Adkins. 
Result.
In the event therefore no candidate stepped forward to challenge Sir Ryland Adkins and he was returned unopposed.
Adkins, 1920–1923.
Adkins continued to represent the constituency until 1923, the second general election after the fall of the Coalition when he lost to the Tories by 529 votes in a three-cornered contest, with Alderman Farr for Labour and A N Stewart-Sandeman for the Conservatives. 

</doc>
<doc id="20916894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916894" title="Lake Cumberland Regional Airport">
Lake Cumberland Regional Airport

Lake Cumberland Regional Airport is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Somerset, a city in Pulaski County, Kentucky, United States. The airport is owned by the city of Somerset and Pulaski County. It also serves the area around Lake Cumberland. It is mostly used for general aviation, and from late 2008 until February 2010, was served by one commercial airline, Locair. The $3 million federally funded passenger terminal was converted to the FBO in September 2011.
The airport was renamed in 2008; it was formerly known as Somerset-Pulaski County Airport or J.T. Wilson Field.
Facilities and aircraft.
Lake Cumberland Regional Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 927 feet (283 m) above mean sea level. It has one asphalt paved runway designated 5/23 which measures 5,800 by 100 feet (1,768 x 30 m).
For the 12-month period ending August 31, 2008, the airport had 27,605 aircraft operations, an average of 75 per day: 99% general aviation and 1% military. At that time there were 28 aircraft based at this airport: 71% single-engine, 
14% multi-engine, 4% jet and 11% helicopter.
Airlines and destinations.
Lake Cumberland Regional Airport currently does not have commercial service.

</doc>
<doc id="20916895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916895" title="Emma Rochlin">
Emma Rochlin

Emma Rochlin (born 14 May 1978 in Glasgow) is a female field hockey defender from Scotland. She plays club hockey for Glasgow Western, and made her debut for the Women's National Team in 1999. Rochlin works as a trainee solicitor.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20916902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916902" title="Relativistic heat conduction">
Relativistic heat conduction

The theory of relativistic heat conduction (RHC) claims to be the only model for heat conduction (and similar diffusion processes) that is compatible with the theory of special relativity, the second law of thermodynamics, electrodynamics, and quantum mechanics, simultaneously. The main features of RHC are:
These outcomes are achieved by (1) upgrading the Fourier equation of heat conduction to the form of a Telegraph equation of electrodynamics, and (2) introducing a new definition of the heat flux vector. Consequently, RHC gives rise to a number of interesting phenomena, such as thermal resonance and thermal shock waves, which are possible during high-frequency pulsed laser heating of thermal insulators. The main appealing feature of the theory is its mathematical elegance and simplicity.
Background.
Classical model.
For most of the last two centuries, heat conduction has been modelled by the well-known Fourier equation:
where "θ" is temperature, "t" is time, "α" = "k"/("ρ" "c") is thermal diffusivity, "k" is thermal conductivity, "ρ" is density, and "c" is specific heat capacity. The Laplace operator,formula_2, is defined in Cartesian coordinates as
This Fourier equation can be derived by substituting Fourier’s linear approximation of the heat flux vector, q, as a function of temperature gradient,
into the first law of thermodynamics
where the del operator, ∇, is defined in 3D as
It can be shown that this definition of the heat flux vector also satisfies the second law of thermodynamics,
where "s" is specific entropy and "σ" is entropy production. Alternatively, the second law can be written as
which leads to the condition
which is always true, because "k" is a non-negative material property.
Hyperbolic model.
For most of the last century, it was recognized that Fourier equation (and its more general Fick's law of diffusion) is in contradiction with the theory of relativity, for "at least" one reason: it admits infinite speed of propagation of heat signals within the continuum field. For example, consider a pulse of heat at the origin; then according to Fourier equation, it is felt (i.e. temperature changes) at infinity, instantaneously. The speed of information propagation is faster than the speed of light in vacuum, which is physically inadmissible within the framework of relativity.
To overcome this contradiction, workers such as Cattaneo, Vernotte, Chester, and others proposed that Fourier equation should be upgraded from the parabolic to a hyperbolic form,
also known as the Telegrapher's equation. Interestingly, the form of this equation traces its origins to Maxwell’s equations of electrodynamics; hence, the wave nature of heat is implied. In this equation, "C" is called the speed of second sound (i.e. the fictitious quantum particles, phonons) and this equation is known as the Hyperbolic Heat Conduction (HHC) equation.
For the HHC equation to remain compatible with the first law of thermodynamics, it is necessary to modify the definition of heat flux vector, q, to
where formula_12 is a relaxation time, such that formula_13
The most important implication of the hyperbolic equation is that by switching from a parabolic (dissipative) to a hyperbolic (includes a conservative term) partial differential equation, there is the possibility of phenomena such as thermal resonance and thermal shock waves.
Criticism to the HHC model.
The theory of RHC attempts to resolve the controversies surrounding the hyperbolic equation, while maintaining the form of that equation. This is achieved by:
Derivation of the RHC equation.
Transformations.
In a Euclidean space, distance between any two points, "ds", is measured by
where "dx", "dy", and "dz" are displacements along three orthogonal axes.
In a Minkowski space, distance between two events, "ds", is measured by
where, "τ", is space-like-time and is related to real time, "t", by
where "C" is speed of light in vacuum and formula_19. Hence,
Consequently, the 3D del, ∇,operator is upgraded to the 4D quad, formula_21, operator (also known as the Four-gradient)
Likewise, the 3D Laplacian, formula_2, operator is upgraded to the 4D d'Alembert operator, formula_24
Any physical quantity that is Galilean invariant in Euclidean space can be made Lorentz invariant in a Minkowski space, by upgrading from 3D to 4D operators. Consequently, Fourier’s equation can be upgraded to 4D as
which is called the relativistic heat conduction equation. Likewise, the definition of the heat-flux vector, q, is upgraded to the 4D form as
Implications.
It can be shown that this definition of q is compatible with the first law of thermodynamics,
as well as the second law of thermodynamics,
in their 4D upgraded form. The imaginary terms in these equations are direct manifestation of the wave nature of heat, and are essential for the heat equation to become compatible with all laws of physics. The real terms in these equations are identical to those in the classical heat model.
The most interesting observation about RHC is that it reduces the second law of thermodynamics to a statement of the form
which is the “no action at a distance” principle of special relativity. Essentially, the RHC asserts that relativity and the second law of thermodynamics are two alternative, but equal statements about the nature of time. Both physical principles are mutually derivable from each other and are complementary.
Criticism to RHC.
As far as heat conduction is concerned, the RHC equation is identical in form to the hyperbolic equation, and all analytical and experimental results that are relevant to one are equally applicable to the other. The definition of heat flux vector, however, is different; but the RHC definition is merely a 4D upgrade of the original linear Fourier approximation. The mathematics of RHC is much simpler and more elegant. However, RHC raises some significant conceptual challenges:
In summary, while the RHC is mathematically simple and elegant, and experimentally practical and relevant, it raises a number of conceptual issues that are highly controversial.
Applications.
The RHC theory is applicable for any physical problem in which the hyperbolic equation is relevant: when speed of heat propagation is small, e.g. thermal insulators, or when speed of heat-flux variation is very large, e.g. pulsed-laser heating. Applications for those types of problems are abundant, and there is plenty of published work (see "Notes", below). Most of these results remain relevant to RHC, but because the definition of heat flux vector is different, final closed-form solutions may not be the same. In many cases, RHC provides closed-form solutions that are not possible using the HHC model. A number of useful fundamental solutions for 1D and 2D relativistic moving heat sources are available in closed-form.

</doc>
<doc id="20916904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916904" title="Harry S Truman Birthplace State Historic Site">
Harry S Truman Birthplace State Historic Site

Harry S Truman Birthplace State Historic Site in Lamar, Missouri, is maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as a state historic site.

</doc>
<doc id="20916916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916916" title="Sigulda Castle">
Sigulda Castle

Sigulda Castle also known as Sigulda New Castle (). Built in 1878 in the Neo-Gothic style as the living house for the owners of the manor, the Kropotkin family. The building has changed its owners and functions several times. Since 1993, the Sigulda Region Council has been located in the castle.
History.
The manor center began to develop in the fore-castle area of Sigulda Medieval Castle during the 17th century. There are still a few remaining 18th and 19th century buildings built during the ownership of the Von Borghs and Kropotkins. These are the Summer Castle, the New Castle, the White Castle, the vagar's (supervisor of serfs) house, the servants' house, a barn, a laundry house and a vegetable and fruit basement. The manor center is enclosed by chipped boulder walls with a splendid gate structure.
The New Castle was built during the time of Duchess Olga and Duke Dimitry Kropotkins from 1878 until 1881 using the materials from an older building which stood here during the 17th century.
The master’s house was built in neo-gothic style by Jānis Mengelis from Cēsis. The planning and the shape of the house is simple. The architectural and artistic value of the castle is achieved through the successful use of Gothic forms and the color shades from the recycled chipped boulders. Looking through any window, you will have a panoramic view of the Gauja valley including the ruins of Sigulda castle. Farther away you will see the ruins of Krimulda and Turaida. On the opposite side there is a neatly landscaped yard.
During World War I this building was destroyed. In 1922, following the agrarian reforms, New Castle became the Writers’ Castle because it was used by the Latvian Union of Writers and Journalists. The building was in unusable condition after the war so the Union had to invest a large amount of money for restoration. In the 1920’s and 30’s, full room and board was offered to writers and literary types as well as other visitors.
In 1934 the castle was acquired by the Latvian Press Society. From 1936 to 1937, major reconstruction work was done under the leadership of architect August Birkhans. Building plans were completely re-drawn. The overlook tower was heightened, the terrace around the building was expanded and a new balcony was added to the second floor. Inside, a new modern-age interior design was installed. It became the most notable example of national modern design in the Baltic region. Many famous artists of that time such as Niklāvs Strunke, Pēteris Ozoliņš, Kārlis Sūniņš, and Vilhelms Vasariņš took a part in creating it. Pictures of the castle were found in French art magazines as the press at the time would report. The Writers Castle became a popular visitor's destination after the renovation. 
In 1938, the monument of Atis Kronvalds, made by Teodors Zalkalns, was unveiled at the front of the New Castle. Atis Kronvalds was a teacher and a publicist and helped initiate the second wave of the New Latvian movement.
During World War II, the New Castle was used as a headquarters for the Nord division of the German army. After the war, the USSR Council of Ministers made it a recreation house for high state officials. In 1953, the Health department of the Latvian SSR established the Sigulda rehabilitation center which was in operation until the restoration of Latvian independence.
From 1993 through 2002, the New Castle held the Sigulda City council and then, beginning in 2003, the Sigulda District Council.
Next to the New Castle there is a yellow house known as the Summer Castle. It was built at the turn of the 18th or 19th century in style of classicism. The elongated wooden house was built by a master-builder from Cēsis, a man called the last of the Livs of Vidzeme, Mārcis Sārums. Initially Kropotkin's family used the building as a personal orthodox church after the completion of the New Castle in 1881. Services were held by the orthodox priest of Ledurga parish. The building also came under reconstruction when the Writers and Journalists Union obtained ownership and remodeled it to become a boarding-house.
An art gallery was installed in the former brewery of Sigulda manor. Artist Elmārs Gaigalnieks has, over the past 12 years, created the unique technique of sand art which is in continuous development. In this special atmosphere, you can view the sand art and the three-dimensional installations. There is also a unique collection of sand samples from five continents.

</doc>
<doc id="20916925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916925" title="Aurel Macarencu">
Aurel Macarencu

Aurel Macarencu (born March 8, 1963) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from 1985 to 1988. 
Career.
Macarencu won five medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (C-1 1000 m and C-1 10000 m: both 1986), one silver (C-1 500 m: 1986), and two bronzes (C-1 500 m and C-1 1000 m: both 1985).
Macarencu competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, finishing fifth in the C-1 1000 m and sixth in the C-1 500 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="20916937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916937" title="Naval Club">
Naval Club

The Naval Club, formerly the RNVR (Auxiliary Patrol) Club (1919–1943), and the RNVR Club (1943–1969) is a London club established in 1919. Since 1946 it has owned the premises at 38 Hill Street, Mayfair which was formerly occupied by the 2nd Earl of Chatham.
It was founded as the RNVR (Auxiliary Volunteers) Club after World War I, for serving and retired officers of the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (RNVR). It leased interim premises from the Marlborough Club up until 1946, when it acquired its current townhouse. The building still serves today as the headquarters of the RNVR Officers' Association. In 1969, it changed its name to the Naval Club. The club's first president was Francis Curzon, 5th Earl Howe. Notable members of the club have included Viscount Astor, Louis Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma, Alan Lennox-Boyd, and Harold Watkinson, 1st Viscount Watkinson. 
Now open to all those with a connection to, or interest in, the sea & maritime affairs. A Corporate membership scheme is also available. As of 2009, the membership subscription costs between £230 and £360 per year, with a £190 rate for younger members. The entrance fee is an additional £125-£150, but is waived for serving and retired naval officers [http://www.navalclub.co.uk/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=113&Itemid=69].

</doc>
<doc id="20916939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916939" title="Alison Rowatt">
Alison Rowatt

Alison Rowatt (born 16 February 1981 in Rutherglen) is a female field hockey midfield player from Scotland. She plays club hockey for Giffnock, and made her debut for the Women's National Team in 2000. Rowatt works as a lawyer in Edinburgh.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20916942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916942" title="Abibaal">
Abibaal

Abibaal (Phoenican and Hebrew "Baal is my father") was a king of Tyre in the 10th century BC, father of the famous Hiram I. The only information known about him is derived from two passages in Josephus's "Against Apion", i.17 and i.18. All that is said in these passages is that he preceded his son Hiram on the throne of Tyre. Neither his length of reign nor his immediate predecessors are known. The dating of Abibaal is therefore dependent on the dates assigned to his son, and here it is only the date of Abibaal's death that can be determined, based on the information preserved in Josephus regarding the length of time between the founding of Carthage (or from Dido's flight from Tyre) until the first year of Hiram. See the Hiram I article for details on the determination of this date.

</doc>
<doc id="20916945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916945" title="Jardin des plantes de Montpellier">
Jardin des plantes de Montpellier

The Jardin des plantes de Montpellier (4.5 hectares) is a historic botanical garden and arboretum located on Boulevard Henri IV, Montpellier, Hérault, Languedoc-Roussillon, France. It is maintained by the Université Montpellier 1 and open afternoons daily except Monday; admission is free.
The garden was established in 1593 by letters patent from King Henri IV, under the leadership of Pierre Richer de Belleval, professor of botany and anatomy. It is France's oldest botanical garden, inspired by the Orto botanico di Padova (1545) and in turn serving as model for the Jardin des Plantes de Paris (1626).
The "Montagne de Richer" lies within the garden's oldest section, which also now contains a systematic garden. The garden was expanded twice in the 19th century. Its orangery was designed by Claude-Mathieu Delagardette (1762–1805) and completed in 1804, the arboretum was landscaped in 1810, and the English Garden, with pool and greenhouse, dates from 1859. The monumental Martins greenhouse opened in 1860.
Today the garden contains about 2,680 plant species, including 500 native to the Mediterranean region. Of these roughly 2,000 species are grown outdoors, and 1,000 under glass. Major sections of the garden are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20916952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916952" title="Missouri Department of Natural Resources">
Missouri Department of Natural Resources

The Missouri Department of Natural Resources of the government of the U.S. state of Missouri consists of the Division of Environmental Quality, the Division of Geology and Land Survey, the Division of State Parks, the Environmental and Energy Resources Authority, and the Field Services Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20916953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916953" title="Marden, Wiltshire">
Marden, Wiltshire

Marden is a small village in the County of Wiltshire, in the south west of England. 
Location.
The village lies on the River Avon some six miles to the south-east of the town of Devizes, near the edge of Salisbury Plain. A nearby archaeological feature is Marden Henge.
History.
Marden centres on its medieval parish church.
Parish registers survive from 1684 and are kept in the Wiltshire and Swindon Archives. 
John Marius Wilson's "Imperial Gazetteer of England and Wales" (1870-1872) described Marden as follows:
MARDEN, or MERTON, a village and a parish in Devizes district, Wilts. The village stands on the river Avon, 2 miles SW of Woodborough r. station, and 6 ESE of Devizes; and has a post office, of the name of Marden, under Devizes. The parish comprises 1,278 acres. Real property, £2,291. Pop., 235. Houses, 49. The manor belongs to S. R. Neate, Esq. Two remarkable tumuli formerly were in the neighbourhood, 240 feet in circuit, and 40 feet high; and are supposed, by some writers, to mark the scene of Ethelred's defeat by the Danes in 871; but whether they were sepulchral barrows or the earthwork of an ancient British temple, is an open question. The living is a vicarage in the diocese of Salisbury. Value, £170. Patrons, the Dean and Chapter of Bristol. The church is ancient; has two Norman arches and an embattled tower; and is finely ornate, both without and within. There is a national School.
Marden has been suggested as a possible location for the Battle of Merton (871).
Local government.
Local government services are provided by Wiltshire Council, with its headquarters in Trowbridge, and the parish is represented there by Paul Oatway, who succeeded Brigadier Robert Hall in 2013. It is represented in Parliament by the Member for the Devizes constituency, Claire Perry.

</doc>
<doc id="20916962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916962" title="Mount Vic">
Mount Vic

Mount Vic 3005 m (9859 ft), prominence: 712 m, is a mountain in the Chilcotin Ranges of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located east of the southernmost of the Taseko Lakes and southeast of Taseko Mountain. Adjoining its lower slopes to the northeast is the Dil-Dil Plateau, a lava plateau rising above the main Chilcotin Plateau, which extends north and northeast in general from this area, which is to the west of the headwaters of Big Creek. Mount Vic is one of the highest summits of the southern Chilcotin Ranges, which are a subrange of the Pacific Ranges subdivision of the Coast Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="20916965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916965" title="Berrien Springs High School">
Berrien Springs High School

Berrien Springs High School is the largest of the four school system in Oronoko Township, in the U.S. State of Michigan.
Overview.
The School is located in Berrien Springs, Mi. It ensures quality education. It has a great program and the school is continuing to strive and become better. With Andrews University located nearby, it has one of the most culturally diverse student populations in the nation.
Conference.
Starting in the 2012-13 school year Berrien Springs High School will become a member of the Wolverine Conference, which will include:
School Information.
Berrien Springs High School colors are green and white and they are known as the "Shamrocks"

</doc>
<doc id="20916977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916977" title="Cheryl Valentine">
Cheryl Valentine

Cheryl Valentine (born 8 April 1980 in Dundee) is a female field hockey midfield player from Scotland. She plays club hockey for Bonagrass Grove, and made her debut for the Women's National Team in 2000. Valentine works as a physiotherapist in Edinburgh.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20916979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916979" title="Tré Armstrong">
Tré Armstrong

Tré Armstrong (born 20th century) is a Canadian actress, choreographer and dancer.
Early life and education.
Her early dance schooling (age five) in ballet, tap- and jazz-dance techniques is what has shaped her into who she is today.
Career.
Armstrong has appeared on the television programs "Top of the Pops", "Canadian Idol", "106 & Park" and the MTV Video Music Awards.
Celebrities she has worked with include: Sean Combs, Hilary Duff, Missy Elliott, Jay-Z, Rihanna and Kreesha Turner.
Armstrong has performed in multiple feature films, award shows, reality-based television shows, and all across the United States, Canada, St. Kitts, Australia, New Zealand, Europe and Japan.
She is also one of the judges on "So You Think You Can Dance Canada".
Filmography.
Armstrong was featured in the documentary film "Breakin' In: The Making of a Hip Hop Dancer", which highlighted her as one of Canada's top rising stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20916986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916986" title="Arumugam Thondaman">
Arumugam Thondaman

Savumiamoorthy Arumugan Ramanathan Thondaman (born 29 May 1964 ) (known as "Arumugan Thondaman"), MP is the current Cabinet Minister of Livestock and Rural Community Development and the grandson of Prominent Unionist Saumyamoorthi Thondaman in Sri Lanka. He is the leader of the Ceylon Workers' Congress, a Member of Parliament representing the Nuwara Eliya District and is an advocate for the Indian Tamils of Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="20916994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20916994" title="Stepan Vasiliyevich Voyevodsky">
Stepan Vasiliyevich Voyevodsky

"For the Russian minister of the Navy, see Stepan Arkadyevich Voyevodsky"
Stepan Vasilievich Voyevodsky (, born 1803 – died September 17, 1884) was an admiral of Imperial Russian Navy, Governor of Russian America in 1854–1859 and military governor of Astrakhan in 1860s.
Stepan Voyevodsky was born in Smolensk Governorate in the family of a retired Army officer. He joined the Naval Cadets Corps in 1818, and was commissioned as midshipman () in March 1822. 
Voyevodsky served in the Baltic Fleet until 1834. In 1824 Voyevodsky sailed to Iceland, in 1825 to Mediterranean Sea. In 1827–1830 lieutenant Voyevodsky served on "Jezekiel", a ship-of-the-line of count Login Geiden's Mediterranean squadron; he participated in the Battle of Navarino in October 1827 and in the naval blockade of the Dardanelles during the Russo-Turkish War of 1828–1829. 
After four peaceful seasons with the Baltic Fleet (1830–1834) Voyevodsky was transferred from the Navy to the Russian-American Company. He crossed Asia by land, reaching Okhotsk, and sailed to Novoarkhangelsk with "Sitka". He commanded "Sitka" and "Yelena" until 1839 and was promoted to captain-lieutenant in 1837. In 1841 he sailed from the Pacific to Saint Petersburg, and returned to the Baltic Fleet. By 1849 he attained the rank of captain () and was in command of a ship-of-the-line.
In the beginning of the Crimean War (July 1853), Voyevodsky was appointed Governor of Russian America. He reached Novoarkhangelsk on board of "Sitka" in April 1854; the ship soon seized by the British. Apart from this accident, the war did not hurt Russian America directly: lands of Russian America and the British Hudson's Bay Company were declared neutral and remained neutral throughout the war. Voyevodsky remained in charge of Russian America until June 1859; upon his return to Russia he was appointed commander of Astrakhan port and military governor of Astrakhan. 
Voyevodsky attained the rank of full admiral in 1877; he died in Saint Petersburg and was buried at the Smolenskoye Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20917000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917000" title="Morné Schreuder">
Morné Schreuder

Morné Schreuder (born 5 September 1979 in Windhoek) is a Namibian rugby union fly half. Schreuder competed for the Namibia national rugby union team at the 2007 Rugby World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20917013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917013" title="Hunter-Dawson State Historic Site">
Hunter-Dawson State Historic Site

Hunter-Dawson State Historic Site in New Madrid, Missouri, is maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as historic house museum and a state historic site. 
History.
The 15-room house with nine fireplaces was built in 1860 by William and Amanda Hunter, local store owners. Their daughter Ella and her husband William Dawson inherited it in 1876. It remained in the family until 1958, and later was purchased by the city in 1966 before being donated to the state. The museum retains much of the original furniture.

</doc>
<doc id="20917016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917016" title="Sunday Oyarekhua">
Sunday Oyarekhua

Sunday ("Sunny") Oyarekhua was a Nigerian international football forward.
Football career.
A career policeman, Oyarekhua was discovered by the national team's coaches while playing for the Police F.C. of Lagos.
Oyarekhua scored 17 times in 28 appearances for Nigeria between 1971-1976. He scored on his debut, a friendly match against the Upper Volta in 1971. He was the leading scorer on Nigeria's 1973 All-Africa Games winning squad. Oyarekhua also played for Nigeria at the 1976 African Cup of Nations finals in Ethiopia.
He recently retired as the Assistant Commissioner of the Osun State Police.

</doc>
<doc id="20917026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917026" title="Corriere dello Sport – Stadio">
Corriere dello Sport – Stadio

Corriere dello Sport – Stadio is an Italian national sports newspaper based in Rome, Italy.
It is one of three major Italian sports daily newspapers and has the largest readership in central and southern Italy, the fourth most read throughout the country.
It was founded as a merger between "Corriere dello Sport", founded in 1924, and "Stadio", founded in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20917027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917027" title="O.M. Edwards Building">
O.M. Edwards Building

O.M. Edwards Building is located at the intersection of Plum and Solar Streets in Syracuse, New York. It is a representative example of an early twentieth century manufacturing plant. It was designed by Gordon Wright, and built in 1906. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20917038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917038" title="Universal Links on Human Rights">
Universal Links on Human Rights

Universal Links on Human Rights is a memorial sculpture located in Dublin, Ireland, on the traffic island at the junction of Amiens St and Memorial Road, close to Busáras and The Customs House. It is a sphere of welded interlinked chains and bars, 260 cm in diameter, housing an eternal flame in its center, powered by natural gas from the Kinsale Head gas field. It was commissioned by Amnesty International in 1995 and designed by Tony O'Malley. It represents the jails holding prisoners of conscience. 

</doc>
<doc id="20917043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917043" title="David Mitchell (field hockey)">
David Mitchell (field hockey)

David Mitchell (born 16 September 1981 in Bellshill) is a male field hockey defender from Scotland. He plays club hockey for Motherwell HC, and made his debut for the Men's National Team in 2001. Mitchell is engaged to Scottish international hockey player, Julie Kilpatrick.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20917047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917047" title="Kristo Ivanov">
Kristo Ivanov

Kristo Ivanov (born in 1937) is a Swedish-Brazilian information scientist and systems scientist of ethnic Bulgarian origin. He is professor emeritus at the Department of informatics of Umeå University in Sweden.
Biography.
Ivanov was born in 1937 in Belgrade in the former Yugoslavia, and grew up and was educated in Italy and Brazil. In 1961 he moved to Sweden, where he worked as an electronic engineer in the telecommunications and computer industries, with assignments in France and the USA. In 1972 he obtained a Ph.D. degree in informatics at the Department of Computer and Systems Sciences of the Royal Institute of Technology and Stockholm University. He has conducted further studies in political economy, business administration, and statistics, and obtained a degree in psychology at Lund University
His study led to positions at Stockholm University and Linköping University. In 1984 he was appointed to a chair as full professor of informatics at Umeå University. He is professor emeritus since 2002.
From 1991 to 2004 he was scientific advisor to the National Board of Health and Welfare (Socialstyrelsen). In 1997 he was "president elect" of ISSS, the International Society for the Systems Sciences, a position which he later had to relinquish because of other demanding duties.
Work.
In his research and teaching Ivanov focused initially on the application of systems theory to information systems and especially on practical problems of quality-control of information in industrial data bases.
More specifically, his early work concentrated on the issue of accuracy and precision of data bases as they are related to system development and maintenance, where the systems approach is done in terms of socially framed technical systems, conceived as a further development of the "Berkeley school" in the tradition of professor C. West Churchman.
The following are some notable ideas in Ivanov's work which eventually lead to ethical and theological organizational issues with consequences for practical applications. In order to clarify these ideas they will be illustrated with references to Ivanov's own work and to literature upon which it relies.
Hypersystems.
This was a further development of the concept of social systems of the Berkeley school mentioned above, with the intent to prevent that its applications in systems design be reductively transformed into other approaches such as communicative action in the Kantian tradition, participatory design or co-design in the liberal tradition, conflict in the Marxian tradition or, lately, phenomenological and post-phenomenological postmodernism (and perspectivism, as in postmodern philosophy), social networks, actor-network theory (and its "non-modernism"), and design aestheticism.
Security.
Ivanov views the problem of political power as related to privacy or personal integrity, freedom of speech, rule of law, and ethics, where the clash between privacy and security, supposedly mediated by participatory practices, portrays in terms of political science a fruitless and hopeless clash between socialist and liberal ideologies which lack a "vertical" spiritual dimension.
Cultural criticism.
In later years the emphasis switched to the furthering of systems thinking in face of perceived cultural decline of society, with emphasis on universities and research. This is cultural criticism of inadequate uses of the system concept as well as criticism of some modern and postmodern trends in research and development of computer applications, under labels such as critical theory, phenomenology, design, or sheer eclectic "ad hoc" theoretical frameworks. Ivanov perceives that they are often misused to downplay not only economic and political realities but also, and mainly, ethical concerns. His criticism follows from his summarizing statement about the future of the systems approach and its limitations when technology and science lead to philosophy, and further to ethics and theology. Therefore, as emeritus, Ivanov pursues research on current trends of informatics and science to be explained or countered by an understanding of the interface between information, philosophy of technology, and theology. In this respect, and except for his adduction of theology which he shares with West Churchman, Ivanov may be seen as working along a stream of earlier criticism of the ideology of computer culture. Ivanov is convinced of the necessity of an explicit relation between theology and ethics in systems philosophy and practice, in order to avoid that technology remains an "excuse for questionable ethics" in the computer-supported edutainment and financial games of affluent societies.
Publications.
Ivanov published numerous articles and a few books, a selection:

</doc>
<doc id="20917051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917051" title="Ivan Šabjan">
Ivan Šabjan

Ivan Šabjan (born November 21, 1961) is a Yugoslav-born Croatian sprint canoer who competed from 1986 to 1996. He won a complete set of medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold in 1987 (C-1 10000 m), a silver in 1986 (C-1 10000 m), and a bronze in 1986 (C-1 1000 m).
Šabjan also competed in two Summer Olympics, earning his best finish of eighth twice, both in the C-1 1000 m event (1988 for Yugoslavia, 1996 for Croatia).

</doc>
<doc id="20917059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917059" title="USS PGM-1">
USS PGM-1

USS "PGM-1" was a "PGM-1" class motor gunboat that served in the United States Navy during World War II. 
History.
She was originally laid down as an "SC-497" class submarine chaser on 29 November 1941 by the Peterson Boat Works in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin and launched on 27 June 1942. She was commissioned as USS "SC-644" on 16 October 1942. 
She was later converted to a "PGM-1" class motor gunboat and renamed "PGM-1" on 10 December 1943. The "PGM-1" received one battle star for action in the Northern Solomon Islands on 15 June 1944. 
After the war she was transferred to the Foreign Liquidations Commission on 20 May 1947. Her exact fate is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20917070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917070" title="Nicole Avant">
Nicole Avant

Nicole A. Avant (born March 6, 1968) is a former Ambassador of the United States of America to The Bahamas. She is the youngest and first African-American woman to have served as U.S. Ambassador to the island nation.
Early Life and Career.
Nicole Avant is a graduate of California State University at Northridge and holds a BA in Communications. After graduating, Avant worked in promotions at A&M Records, before taking a post as Vice President of Interior Music Publishing from 1998-2009.
The daughter of music industry veteran Clarence Avant and Jacqueline Avant, Ambassador Avant was raised in a culture of music, philanthropy and politics.
Ambassador Nicole Avant has served on the boards of both Best Buddies International and the Bogart Pediatric Research Program. Ambassador Avant also served as an Academic Counselor at the Neighborhood Academic Initiative, a University of Southern California mentorship program for high school students that provided full academic scholarships as well as daily guidance and direction in social behavior and social responsibility. Ambassador Avant’s commitment to public service and philanthropy was recognized by the American Cancer Society, when she presented with a Next Generation Leader award in 2007.
Ambassador Avant has played a role in the campaigns of former Congressman Harold Ford Jr. and the senatorial race for Barack Obama. In 2008, Ambassador Avant served as finance co-chair in Southern California for Obama’s successful presidential campaign.
Serving as U.S. Ambassador to the Bahamas.
Avant was nominated by U.S. President Barack Obama to be Ambassador of the United States of America to The Bahamas. Following a unanimous confirmation of her nomination by the United States Senate, she was sworn into office by U.S. Secretary of State, Hillary R. Clinton on September 9, 2009, and she presented her Letters of Credence to the Governor General of The Bahamas, His Excellency Arthur D. Hanna, on October 22, 2009. Ambassador Avant resigned her post and returned to private life on November 21, 2011.
While serving as Ambassador, Nicole Avant focused on five priority initiatives: Education, alternative energy, economic and small business development, women’s empowerment, and raising awareness about the challenges facing people with disabilities. The U.S. Embassy together with the Ministry of Education continues to sponsor the national Read to Lead Program to encourage the nation’s youth to develop a lifelong love of reading. The Embassy adopted a local inner city school, Woodcock Primary, and Embassy volunteers traveled to the school each week to read to grades 1-6. The Embassy also fostered other educational activities including an annual Martin Luther King Essay Competition for high school students and an annual competition to encourage sustainable practices among Bahamian youth.
At the invitation of Ambassador Avant, leading education reform activist and CEO of the Harlem Children's Zone, Geoffrey Canada, addressed Bahamian education officials at her residence.
Under the Ambassador’s leadership, Embassy Nassau also partnered with African-American business leaders to strengthen economic ties between the United States and The Bahamas and encourage a diverse economic strategy that stretches beyond the traditional tourism sector. Embassy partners include the Bahamas Ministry of Tourism, Bahamas Chamber of Commerce, the Travel Professionals of Color (TPOC), the National Association of Black Hotel Owners, Operators and Developers (NABHOOD). To enhance this effort, Ambassador Avant hosted Earvin “Magic” Johnson to be the keynote speaker at the Bahamas Chamber of Commerce’s 2010 Business Development Seminar.
Ambassador Nicole Avant worked to promote the empowerment of women and raise awareness about the challenges facing people with disabilities. Ambassador Avant has personally hosted a number of prominent guests who have participated in outreach events designed to empower youth and impart positive messages about self-esteem and self-image. 
The Ambassador developed a special relationship with the Williemae Pratt Center for girls, a detention facility for at-risk youth. Grammy winning singer-songwriter, India.Arie and “Access Hollywood” host Shaun Robinson were among the visitors to join Ambassador Avant for visits to the Williemae Pratt Center.
She has also worked closely with local advocacy groups for people with disabilities. Ambassador Avant hosted Eunice and Francesca Shriver, granddaughters of Special Olympic founder Eunice Kennedy Shriver and Special Olympians from the Bahamas to mark Eunice Kennedy Shriver Day and to raise awareness for Special Olympics-Bahamas. Holly Robinson Peete and Rodney Peete were also guest of the Ambassador to raise awareness for REACH, a Bahamian support group for families affected by autism.
While public diplomacy was a key focus for Ambassador Avant, a January 2012 report from the Inspector General’s (IG) office on Embassy Nassau also indicated that "Key officials in Washington and at the embassy agree that law enforcement cooperation at post is strong," noting that the Bahamas is a "critical crime threat post." The report also had positive comments about the Ambassador: "By drawing on her personal contacts with prominent Americans, organizing civil society-related conferences, highlighting her travel to outlying Bahamian islands, and undertaking activities to promote business connections between American and Bahamian communities, she and her staff have improved the embassy’s reputation among Bahamians."
That same IG report, however, begins by listing Key Judgments, the first of which is that "The embassy is recovering from an extended period of dysfunctional leadership and management, which has caused problems throughout the embassy." The report's second Key Judgment indicated that "the Ambassador’s authorized absences from post exceeded those allowed in guidelines issued by the Under Secretary for Management. The embassy and the Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs did not follow Department of State (Department) procedures for vetting these absences." The IG report concluded that "Her extensive travel out of country and preference to work from the ambassador's residence for a significant portion of the work day contributed to a perception of indifference." The report revealed that "The Ambassador was absent from post for 276 days during a 670-day period from November 19, 2009, to September 19, 2011—an average of 12 days per month. The 276 days include 84 nonwork days (weekends and holidays) and 102 personal leave days. The Ambassador also traveled to the United States for 77 work days on what she identified as business, with 23 days on what appear to have been official travel orders." The report concludes that "The frequent absences of the Ambassador contributed to poor mission management."
Political reporting from the embassy also suffered, according to the report, which stated that cables "consistently failed to include context and/or analysis to explain why events are important to U.S. interests. For example, cables on labor unrest or the impact of massive Chinese investment in The Bahamas were reported with little comment and no analysis. Cables written in the past year show little political reporting or analysis on international crime, drug smuggling, and illegal migration or on prevention of terrorism, both of which are key MSRP Strategic Resource Plan goals." Foreign Policy commentator Josh Rogin was harshly critical of Ambassador Avant: "Today, the State Department revealed that another fundraiser turned ambassador ran her embassy into the ground ... only to return to fundraising and leave the State Department to pick up the pieces." 
In 2011, Ambassador Avant was nominated for the Sue M. Cobb Award for Exemplary Diplomatic Service. The Sue M. Cobb award honors a Non-Career Ambassador who has used private sector leadership and management skills to make a significant impact on bilateral or multilateral relations and has done so in a manner that best reflects the foreign service culture of uncommon commitment in carrying out United States foreign policy through proactive diplomacy.
On January 7, 2012, Ambassador Avant was honored at the 20th Annual Trumpet Awards, where she received the International Award for her dedication to public service. Mayor Cory Booker, Ted Turner and Aretha Franklin were among the other honorees. 
A March 29, 2012 editorial in the Bahamas Tribune titled, "Ambassador Nicole Avant- A Job Well Done," stated that Ambassador Avant was "considered among the more popular US Ambassadors to be posted to Nassau Embassy.” 
Personal life.
Avant is married to Ted Sarandos, Chief Content Officer for Netflix, and is stepmother to two children.
References.
External links

</doc>
<doc id="20917079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917079" title="Ricardo Cano">
Ricardo Cano

Ricardo Cano (born December 27, 1951, in Buenos Aires, Argentina), is a former professional tennis player from Argentina. He enjoyed most of his tennis success while playing doubles. During his career he won 4 doubles titles and finished runner-up an additional 6 times.
Cano participated in 23 Davis Cup ties for Argentina from 1971 to 1982, posting a 14–13 record in singles and a 9–7 record in doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="20917082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917082" title="List of Green Bay Packers starting quarterbacks">
List of Green Bay Packers starting quarterbacks

These quarterbacks have started for the National Football League's Green Bay Packers. They are listed in order of the date of each player's first start at quarterback for the Packers.

</doc>
<doc id="20917102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917102" title="Far East (film)">
Far East (film)

Far East is a 1982 Australian drama film directed by John Duigan and starring Bryan Brown, Helen Morse and John Bell. "Far East" is a remake of the 1942 classic "Casablanca".
Plot.
Journalist Peter Reeves (John Bell) takes his wife Jo (Helen Morse) to the Far East. There they meet Morgan Keefe (Bryan Brown), an ex-pat Aussie who owns a sleazy bar/nightspot called "The Koala Klub". After renewing their romance, Jo seeks Morgan's help when her husband is persecuted by the military regime for his investigations.
Production.
The original script was about an international business conference in the Philippines where members of the Philippines New Army surrounded them. But then the story drifted to more of a "Casablanca" (1943) type tale. Macao was used for eight days of location shooting.
Awards.
John Bell was nominated at the 1982 AFI Awards in the Best Actor in a Supporting Role category.
Box Office.
"Far East" grossed $1,972,000 at the box office in Australia, which is equivalent to $5,738,520 in 2009 dollars.
Home Media.
"Far East" was released on DVD with a new print by Umbrella Entertainment in April 2012. The DVD is compatible with all region codes and includes special features such as the theatrical trailer and audio commentary with director John Duigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20917114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917114" title="Henry William Tancred">
Henry William Tancred

Henry William Tancred QC (1781 – 20 August 1860) was an English Whig and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1832 to 1858.
Tancred was the second son of Sir Thomas Tancred, 5th Baronet and his wife Penelope Smith, daughter of Thomas Assheton Smith of Bowdon, Cheshire. He was educated at Eton College and admitted to Trinity Hall, Cambridge in 1799 and also at Lincoln's Inn on 4 May 1799. He migrated to Jesus College, Cambridge) on 15 October 1800. He was a scholar in 1802 and was awarded B.A. in 1804. He was also called to the Bar on 11 May 1804. He was awarded M.A. in 1807 and became a Fellow of Jesus College in 1808.
Tancred was elected as a Member of Parliament for Banbury in the 1832 general election and resigned on 4 November 1858 by appointment as Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds. 
Tancred was a Bencher from 1832 to 1860. He became Q.C. in 1840 and Treasurer from 1845 to 1846. He was one of the founders of the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge. His publications included "Review of the Policy of the British Government in the Treatment of its Catholic Subjects". He also published "Plato's Republic and the Greek Enlightenment"
Tancred died at Margate aged 78.

</doc>
<doc id="20917115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917115" title="Jean Colombe">
Jean Colombe

Jean Colombe (b. Bourges ca. 1430; d. ca. 1493) was a French miniature painter and illuminator of manuscripts. He is best known for his work in Très Riches Heures du Duc de Berry. He is the brother of the sculptor Michel Colombe.
Work.
In 1470–1472, Colombe created the miniatures of the "Hours of Louis de Laval"; around 1475, he illuminated the crusader chronicles, "Les Passages d'oultre mer du noble Godefroy de Bouillon, du bon roy Saint Loys et de plusieurs vertueux princes", by Sébastien Mamerot. Both works had been commissioned by Louis de Laval. Between 1485 and 1490, Jean Colombe completed the decoration of the "Très Riches Heures" which had been left unfinished in 1416. He executed the image for the month of November (below the zodiac arch), completed the Limbourg brothers' design for September, and retouched other images.

</doc>
<doc id="20917142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917142" title="G. William Richards">
G. William Richards

G. William "Bill" Richards (December 25, 1918 – November 30, 2005) was an American Latter-day Saint composer and organist.
Richards was the son of Stayner Richards and Jane Taylor. 
As a young man, Richards served as a missionary for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in the Eastern States Mission. He was transferred to the California Mission to serve as organist of the church's exhibit at the San Francisco World's Fair.
Richards served in the United States army during World War II. He was a chaplain's assistant and carried an organ with him. He was involved in the Battle of the Bulge as well as the liberation of some German death camps.
Richards then studied at the University of California, Berkeley, the Manhattan School of Music and Columbia University. He later was a faculty member at New York University as well as serving as organist for various non-denominational services.
Richards married his wife Claire Dyreng, whom he met while they were both music students in New York, in the Manti Temple in August 1955. They had four children.
Richards later moved with his family to Reno, Nevada where he served as executive vice-president of the Nevada Division of the American Cancer Society.
After he retired Richards took courses at Utah Technical College (now Utah Valley University) in building.
Richards served in many positions in the LDS Church including bishop of the Manhattan Ward and a member of the committee that organized the 1985 English-language version of the LDS hymnal. Among the hymns in that publication with music by Richards is "From Homes of Saints Glad Songs Arise".

</doc>
<doc id="20917156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917156" title="Far East (disambiguation)">
Far East (disambiguation)

Far East can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20917161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917161" title="Coast to Coast (UK TV series)">
Coast to Coast (UK TV series)

Coast to Coast was the flagship regional news programme produced by Television South, covering the south and southeast of England with separate news services for both parts of the dual-region between January 1982 and December 1992.
History.
Beginnings.
"Coast to Coast" was launched in January 1982 as TVS' nightly regional news magazine with two distinct editions for both the South and the South East. Previously, TVS's predecessors Southern Television had produced "Day by Day" for over 20 years alongside separate news bulletins for both sub-regions and "Scene South East", a weekly magazine programme for the South East (supplemented in later years by "Scene Midweek").
The first edition of "Coast to Coast" was broadcast on New Year's Day 1982 at 9:25am with a pan-regional special entitled "Bring in the New" (TVS' first programme), introducing the new station and featuring TVS' first news bulletins. The first sub-regional editions of the programme were aired at 5:15pm on the same evening - reportedly watched by nearly a million viewers.
Originally, the programme aired between 5:30pm & 6:30pm, consisting of two sub-regional segments at 5:30pm & 6:20pm, ITN's "News at 545" bulletin and a pan-regional segment at 6:00pm. Within several months of launch, the main evening edition was cut to 30 minutes at 6pm and became a fully separate programme. Former ITN reporter and newsreader Robert Southgate was the first head of news and current affairs for TVS.
The programme also spawned a spin-off lunchtime chat show entitled "Coast to Coast People", broadcast as two separate programmes for the South and South East. For one week in November 1989, TVS also piloted a 30-minute late night edition of the programme entitled "Coast to Coast Late".
Production notes.
The expanded news service for the two-halves of the region led to TVS increasing Southern's news staff from 37 and 94 with the company investing in computer facilities for its newsrooms.
TVS was also the first television station in Britain to have its own dedicated live-link news helicopter - an Aerospatiale Twin Squirrel equipped with remote control camera and facilities to receive live pictures beamed up to it from two Land Rover Discovery mobile up-link units. This system was brought into use in 1990 and relayed live news coverage from anywhere in the South and South East to reception dishes located on the region's main transmitter masts.
Both the South and the South East editions of "Coast to Coast" also utilised a newsroom at the QE2 Conference Centre in London - particularly for Parliamentary coverage.
Sub-regional editions.
South.
The South edition of "Coast to Coast" was produced and broadcast from TVS' main studios in Southampton with district newsrooms latterly opened in Reading (covering the Thames Valley) and Poole (covering Dorset). From 12 December 1988 to 31 December 1992, an opt-out for viewers served by the Hannington transmitter was broadcast during the main 6pm programme - produced from TVS' Reading newsroom and broadcast from a small continuity studio in Southampton.
The programme was originally presented by Khalid Aziz and utilised many former Southern Television staff including sports presenter Fred Dinenage and weatherman Trevor Baker. Dinenage was promoted to become main anchor when Aziz left "Coast to Coast" a year later to concentrate on business programming for TVS. After a period presenting alongside Christopher Peacock, Dinenage was joined by Fern Britton in 1985 - a partnership which continued for much of the programme's run until Britton's departure shortly before TVS went off air in December 1992. Other presenters for the South edition included newsreaders James Montgomery, John Doyle, Debbie Thrower, Jane Wyatt, Keith Akehurst, Mai Davies and Debbie Middleton, sports presenters David Bobin & Gareth Evans and weather presenters Anne Purvis and Carl Tyler.
In November 1986 the IBA raised specific criticisms about the content of the programme, which led to a new editor being appointed to help resolve the issues. "Coast to Coast" South went onto win the Royal Television Society's "Best News Programme of the Year" award twice - in 1989 and 1991.
South East.
The South East edition of "Coast to Coast" was produced and broadcast originally from a small studio in Dover previously used by Southern Television and, by October 1982, from the purpose-built TVS Television Centre in Maidstone - a district newsroom was located in Brighton to cover East Sussex. An ultra-local opt-out for viewers in Brighton and the surrounding areas was later developed, produced from the Brighton newsroom but broadcast from a small continuity studio in Maidstone.
Originally presented by Vyvyan Mackeson, the programme's launch team also included a number of former Southern TV presenters and reporters including sports presenter Mike Field (who presented the programme's predecessor, "Scene South East"), Mike Fuller, Arnie Wilson and weatherman Ron Lobeck. Mackeson left "Coast to Coast" after several months and was replaced by former BBC News reporter Mike Debens as main anchor. Debens went on to become the programme's longest serving main presenter, partnered on-screen by a number of co-anchors including Merrill Harries, Mike Fuller, Cheryl Armitage, Anna Maria Ashe and Liz Wickham. Other key reporters and presenters on the "Coast to Coast" team included Cathy Alexander, Jackie Bird, Paul Davies, Anne Dawson and Kerry Swain.
The South East news team covered a number of major news stories during the programme's eleven years on air including the sinking of the Herald of Free Enterprise, the construction of the Channel Tunnel, the IRA bombings of the Brighton Grand Hotel & the Royal Marines base in Deal, and the Great Storm of 1987. The programme won the Royal Television Society Award for Britain's best regional news programme in 1983.
The End of "Coast to Coast".
On 16 October 1991, Television South learned it was to lose its ITV regional franchise for the South and South East of England to Meridian Broadcasting, signalling the end for "Coast to Coast".
The final editions of the programme were aired as an hour-long special on 31 December 1992. In the South, Fred Dinenage and Mai Davies presented a regular edition featuring the last part of a feature series looking back at the past eleven years of news coverage provided by TVS. Meanwhile in the South East, Mike Debens and Liz Wickham presented a more retrospective programme featuring an invited studio audience. The last South edition closed with a montage of presenters and reporters while the last South East edition closed with a live performance of the programme's signature tune by the Band of the Royal Marines in Deal, Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="20917178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917178" title="Suresh Kumar and Ranjith Kumar incident">
Suresh Kumar and Ranjith Kumar incident

Suresh Kumar and Ranjith Kumar were minority Sri Lankan Tamils working for the "Uthayan" – a Tamil newspaper published from Jaffna. "Uthayan" has been specifically targeted for its independent reporting by the Sri Lankan military and the paramilitary group EDDP. They were killed on May 2, 2006 during an attack on the "Uthayan" office.
Background.
In Jaffna – which is under Sri Lankan army control – journalists, human rights activists and civilians have lived under constant fear. These killing are part of series of killing, abduction and attacks on the Tamil Media in Sri Lanka. These killings, abductions and threats are seen as part of the dirty war launched by Mahindra Rajapakse government.
Incident and reaction.
Suresh Kumar and Ranjith Kumar were killed after a "Uthayan" published a cartoon mocking Douglas Devananda the leader of EPDP a paramilitary group allied with the Sri Lankan Army. Armed Gunmen entered the office of "Uthayan" in army controlled Jaffna on May 2, 2006 and demanded to see the editor R. Kuhanathan and finding he was not there opened fire and the two employees died instantly.

</doc>
<doc id="20917183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917183" title="Mass 2005">
Mass 2005

Mass 2005 is a thirty-minute "a cappella" Mass setting composed by Randall Svane.

</doc>
<doc id="20917203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917203" title="David Wade (politician)">
David Wade (politician)

David Edward Wade (born 9 March 1950) is a former South Australian politician, who represented the Liberal Party for the Electoral district of Elder between 1993 and 1997. He was elected to the South Australian House of Assembly as the inaugural Member for Elder during the 1993 State Election and stood for one term, until defeated at the 1997 State Election by Labor's Patrick Conlon.

</doc>
<doc id="20917211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917211" title="Lecanopteris">
Lecanopteris

Lecanopteris is a genus of any of a number of bizarre ferns having swollen hollow rhizomes that provide homes for symbiotic ants. All are epiphytic plants that naturally occur from Southeast Asia to New Guinea. Some of these ferns are popular in cultivation as houseplants.

</doc>
<doc id="20917223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917223" title="Jesse Lloyd">
Jesse Lloyd

Jesse Lloyd (11 January 1786 – 27 September 1838) was born in Springfield Township, Pennsylvania. He was the third son of William Lloyd and Susannah Heacock. The Lloyds, who were United Empire Loyalist Quakers, possibly came to Canada at Niagara in 1788 but quickly returned to the United States. They likely immigrated permanently to Upper Canada in 1808. Upon arrival, they crossed the Niagara gorge and migrated north to settle in the 10th concession of King Township.
By 1824, Jesse Lloyd had established a sawmill in Tecumseth Township. Later he was active in King Township where he bought and sold lots, built several mills and, in the process, established the village of Lloydtown.
Rebellion.
In these days of the Family Compact, agitation grew from year to year. Meetings for reform were held all over the home district and even in some remote parts of the province. Lloyd was a local leader in public affairs in his district.
During the Upper Canada Rebellion in 1837, a proclamation was issued and a reward of 500 pounds was put on Lloyd's head. He was forced to flee the country and he went to Indiana, where he lived out the last few months until his death in 1838.

</doc>
<doc id="20917238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917238" title="USS PGM-2">
USS PGM-2

USS "PGM-2" was a "PGM-1" class motor gunboat that served in the United States Navy during World War II. She was originally laid down as an "SC-497" class submarine chaser on 6 July 1942 by the Robinson Marine Construction Company in Benton Harbor, Michigan and launched on 17 June 1943. She was commissioned as USS "SC-757" on 12 August 1943. She was later converted to a "PGM-1" class motor gunboat and renamed "PGM-2" on 10 December 1943. After the war she was sold and transferred to the Foreign Liquidations Commission at Subic Bay, Philippines on 20 May 1947. Her exact fate is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20917245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917245" title="Randall Svane">
Randall Svane

Randall Svane is an American composer, born in 1955. His works have been played by the Cincinnati Chamber Orchestra, the Borromeo String Quartet, the Colonial Symphony, Schola Cantorum on Hudson,
References.
http://www.mka.org/page.cfm?p=12&viewdirid=2626&showFilter=1&keyword=svane

</doc>
<doc id="20917257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917257" title="Fernand Toupin">
Fernand Toupin

Fernand Toupin (1930, Montreal- 2009 Terrebonne) is a Québécois abstract painter best known as a member of the avant-garde movement Les Plasticiens. His work is in the collection of the National Gallery of Canada.
Group Exhibits (selection).
1954 Petit salon d'été, Librairie-galerie Tranquille, Montreal
1955 Les Plasticiens, L'Échourie, Montreal
1956 Toupin et Belzile, Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, Gallery XII
1956 Young sculptures, Sainte-Hélène Island, Montreal
1956 Duo exhibition, exhibition exchanges Canada/USA, Parma Gallery, New York
1958 Salon de la jeune peinture, École des beaux-arts de Montréal (winner of the first prize)
1959 Abstract Art, École des beaux-arts de Montréal
1962 Two Worlds Festival, Spoleto, Italy
1966 Canadian Art, travelling exhibit across Canada from the Sayde and Samuel Bronfman collection
1970 Quebec Pavillon, Osaka World Expo, Japan
1972 Fourth international paintings Festival, Cagnes-sur-Mer, France (winner of the national prize for Canada)
1973 Galerie Cazevane, Paris
1975 Canadian canvas, travelling exhibit of large paintings to nine Canadian museums
1976 Randall Galleries, New York
1977 Jauran et les premiers plasticiens, Musée d'art contemporain de Montréal
1980 Art Expo, International Art Exposition, New York Coliseum, New York
1980 Dix ans de propositions géométriques, Musée d'art contemporain de Montréal
1980 Randall Galleries, New York
1987 Accents de la collection Lavalin, Galerie Lavalin, Montreal
1991 Tokyo Central Museum, Japan
1992 Les Plasticiens, National Gallery of Canada / Musée national des beaux-arts du Québec / Winnipeg Art Gallery
2005 Les Plasticiens, Galerie Simon Blais, Montreal
2005 Les Plasticiens, Musée des beaux-arts de Sherbrooke
2008 Cape Breton University Art Gallery, Sydney, Nova Scotia
2011 Quiet Mutinies: Art in Québec in the 1950s, The Triangle Gallery of Visual Arts, Calgary, Alberta
2012 A Matter of Abstraction, Musée d'art contemporain de Montréal
2013 Les Plasticiens and the 1950s-1960s, Musée national des beaux-arts du Québec
2013 The Plasticiens and Beyond: Montreal 1955-1970, Varley Art Gallery, Markham/Unionville, Ontario
Miscellaneous (selection).
1970-72 Tapestries, ateliers Pierre Daquin, Paris
1971 "Germinal", mural for the Musée d'art contemporain de Montréal
1974 Set creation for "Au-delà du temps/Time out of mind", Les Grands Ballets Canadiens
1975 "Errances", art book on poems by Fernand Ouellette including seven lithographs
1977 Set creation for "La Scouine", Les Grands Ballets Canadiens
1977 "Hochelaga", mural for the Wilfrid-Pelletier Concert Hall at Place des Arts in Montreal
1978 "Procain épisode", art book on the novel by Hubert Aquin including 14 lithographs and one etching
2005 Participates in the documentary of André Desrochers, "L'intuition intuitionnée" on the first movement of Plasticiens
Public Collections (selection).
National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa
Musée national des beaux-arts du Québec, Quebec
Montreal Museum of Fine Arts
Musée d'art contemporain de Montréal
Musée des beaux-arts de Sherbrooke
Musée d'art de Joliette
Musée Laurier
Musée du Bas-Saint-Laurent, Rivière-du-Loup
Place des Arts, Montreal
University of Montreal
City of Montreal (Saint-Laurent district)
City of Brossard
City of Gatineau
Selection Reader's Digest
Loto-Québec
Banque Nationale du Canada
University of Lethbridge, Alberta
Simon Fraser University, Vancouver
Cape Breton University, Sydney, Nova Scotia
Art Gallery of Nova Scotia, Halifax
Statische Kunstgalerie, Bochum, Germany
Centre national d'art contemporain, Paris, France

</doc>
<doc id="20917258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917258" title="Chicklade">
Chicklade

Chicklade is a small village in the county of Wiltshire in southern England. 
Location.
Chicklade is situated on the A303 road approximately westnorthwest of Salisbury.
History.
Chicklade is centred on its medieval parish church.
Parish registers survive from 1722 and are kept in the Wiltshire and Swindon Archives. 
The poet William Lisle Bowles was vicar of Chicklade from 1792 to 1797.
John Marius Wilson's "Imperial Gazetteer of England and Wales" (1870-1872) describes Chicklade as follows:
CHICKLADE, a parish in Tisbury district, Wilts; 1¼ mile N by E of Hindon, and 5 S by-W of Heytesbury r. station. Post town, Hindon, under Salisbury. Acres, 1,039. Real property, with Hindon, Berwick-St. Leonard, and Fonthill-Gifford, £5,111. Pop., 143. Houses, 23. The property is divided among a few. The surface is hilly. The living is a rectory in the diocese of Salisbury. Value, £230. Patron, the Marquis of Bath. The church is good.
On 22 October 1963, the prototype aircraft BAC One-Eleven "G-ASHG" flown by Mike Lithgow entered a deep stall and crashed near Chicklade, with the death of seven crew. (See 1963 BAC One-Eleven test crash ) 
A very detailed history of the parish is included in Volume XIII (1987) of the "Wiltshire Victoria County History".
Government.
Local government services are provided by the Wiltshire Council unitary authority, with its headquarters in Trowbridge, which is responsible for all significant local government functions. The village is represented in Parliament by the Member for the Salisbury constituency, Robert Key.

</doc>
<doc id="20917261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917261" title="Tiffany Michelle">
Tiffany Michelle

Tiffany Michelle is an American poker player and actress, born and raised in Los Angeles County. She is widely known for being the Last Woman Standing at the 2008 World Series of Poker Main Event and for competing on the Emmy Award winning 15th season of "The Amazing Race" on CBS. She currently portrays the character, Scarlett Kane, on the soap opera series "DeVanity".
Originally an on-camera host and formally trained actress, Michelle gained fame as a poker player at the 2008 World Series of Poker, televised on ESPN. From a field of 6,844 players she finished in 17th place and was the last female player remaining in the 7-day tournament. Statistically, her finish broke the record for the largest field ever conquered by a female in live poker tournament history and earned a payday of $334,534. 
In 2010, Maxim Magazine named Tiffany Michelle one of their "Top 20 Hottest Celebrity Poker Players", along with the likes of Cameron Diaz, Pamela Anderson and Jennifer Love Hewitt. Then in 2012, she again was featured as one of Maxim’s "16 Hottest Poker Players."
One of few poker personalities to cross over into mainstream media, Michelle has been featured on the covers of Steppin’ Out magazine, Ocean View magazine, Rounder magazine, Casino Player magazine and has appeared on a variety of television programs including LA Ink, Worst Cooks in America, World Series of Blackjack and as a returning expert on Fox Business Network’s "Cavuto. " Notable acting credits include, "Days of Our Lives ", "ER", "American Dreams ", and it has been announced that she will be joining the cast of "DeVanity" as a season 4 series regular, in 2014.
Career.
Born and raised in Los Angeles County it was while working as an actress that Tiffany got her start in poker, playing Hollywood house games for fun with friends and fellow actors, which included Zachary Levi and Joel David Moore. With a knowledge of poker, coupled with her television background she began booking jobs as an on-camera poker host and commentator. In 2006, she was heard nationwide on Sirius Satellite Radio as an on-air reporter for Bluff Magazine's live broadcast of the 2006 WSOP. In 2007, she became the first ever female hired as an on-camera host for Pokernews.com, where she traveled the poker circuit internationally providing tournament updates, player interviews and red carpet coverage for poker tournaments and events worldwide on the European Poker Tour, World Poker Tour and World Series of Poker. 
On the heels of her 2008 record-breaking WSOP finish, Michelle made another deep run and cashed at the World Poker Tour season 7 Borgata Poker Open Main Event. Over the next few years she continued to put up results in live and online tournaments, including 3 final tables in November 2010; two at the North American Poker Tour and one final table at the Heartland Poker Tour.
In 2009, Tiffany joined her best friend and fellow 2007 WSOP Last Woman Standing poker pro, Maria Ho, to compete on the 15th season of the CBS competition reality show, "The Amazing Race." The two comprised the season's only all-female team. 
Acting.
Tiffany began acting in theatrical productions at the age of ten. She performed extensively in productions at the Lancaster Performing Arts Center, landing roles in musical adaptations of "Pinocchio", "Beauty and The Beast", "Cinderella" and starring in "Alice in Wonderland". Michelle was recognized by the Missoula Children's Theatre, two years in a row, as one of their "Best Young Performers." 
During her high school years she competed in several pageants, winning the titles of "Miss Teen Newhall 2000", "Miss Teen Santa Clarita Valley 2001" and she was voted "Miss Congeniality" at the 2001 Miss Teenage California pageant, where she was a Top 10 finalist.
While studying theatre at College of the Canyons in Santa Clarita, CA Tiffany continued performing in stage plays, as well as helping to spearhead and compete on the school's Speech & Debate Team. As the Speech & Debate team captain she competed primarily in Individual Events, winning trophies nationally for her Dramatic Interpretation and Prose Interpretation performances. After two-years with the C.O.C. theatre program, then studying with UCLA's Film & Television department, Michelle transitioned from performing on stage to the screen. Early in her television career Michelle worked as a background actor before booking roles in episodes of "ER", "Guilty or Innocent", the 2002 remake of "Family Affair" and "American Dreams". 
One of her biggest roles and most dramatic performances came in 2005 when she starred opposite "One Life to Live's" David Fumero in the award winning independent film "Carrie's Choice", based on a true story. The following year she landed a lead role in the horror film The Thirst: Blood War, starring Sean Connery's son, Jason Connery. The production was later halted and put on hold until 2008, at which point it was recast.
After a long sabbatical from acting (2008-2012), Tiffany Michelle returned to the screen in early 2012 with appearances on Days of our Lives and a guest-starring role on the season premiere of the award-winning soap opera series, DeVanity. She would later return to the show as a series regular in season 4.
Music.
Tiffany Michelle’s talents and artistry include music. A self-proclaimed singer/songwriter, she plays piano and guitar and has performed at several legendary Hollywood music venues, including BB Kings, and Hotel Cafe. In 2010, Tiffany headlined a special collaborative music show with guest performances by celebrity music artists and friends Maria Ho, American Idol's Chikezie and 90210 actor, Ryan Eggold.
Reality Television.
The Amazing Race.
With notoriety as a female professional poker player, and competitive personality Tiffany has been invited to compete on a variety of reality shows. In 2009, she missed the World Series of Poker Main Event to film the 15th season of the CBS seven-time Emmy Award winning reality show The Amazing Race. Alongside best friend and fellow poker player, Maria Ho the two made up the season's only all-female team and they traveled to Japan, Vietnam, Cambodia, Dubai, and The Netherlands, exiting the competition in 6th place. The show won the Emmy Award that season for Outstanding Reality-Competition Program.
Worst Cooks in America.
In 2012, Tiffany competed as one of 16 contestants on season three of Food Network's Worst Cooks in America. She was picked by chef Bobby Flay to compete as a member of his "Blue team." Tiffany won the Main Dish breakfast challenge in episode one as well as a pizza making Skill Drill in episode three. She made it down to the final three contestants on Bobby Flay's team and was sent home in episode six.

</doc>
<doc id="20917266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917266" title="Selvam Adaikalanathan">
Selvam Adaikalanathan

Selvam Adaikalanathan () is a Sri Lankan Tamil militant turned politician and Member of Parliament. He is the current leader/president of the Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization (TELO), a member of the Tamil National Alliance (TNA).
Early life.
Adaikalanathan was born 10 June 1962. He hails from Mannar in northern Sri Lanka. At the age of 15 he joined the Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization, a Tamil militant group fighting for an independent state of Tamil Eelam in northern and eastern Sri Lanka. He took on the nom de guerre Selvam. Adaikalanathan took on the leadership/presidency of TELO following the murder of Sri Sabaratnam by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam on 5 May 1986.
Political career.
Adaikalanathan was one TELO's candidates for Vanni District at the 2000 parliamentary election. He was elected and entered Parliament. 
In 2001 the TELO, All Ceylon Tamil Congress, Eelam People's Revolutionary Liberation Front and Tamil United Liberation Front formed the Tamil National Alliance (TNA). Adaikalanathan was one of the TNA's candidates in Vanni District at the 2001 parliamentary election. He was re-elected. He was re-elected at the 2004 and 2010 parliamentary elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20917281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917281" title="A Swedish Love Story">
A Swedish Love Story

A Swedish Love Story () is a 1970 Swedish romantic drama directed by Roy Andersson, starring Ann-Sofie Kylin and Rolf Sohlman as two teenagers falling in love. Inspired by the Czechoslovak New Wave, the film was Andersson's feature film debut and was successful in Sweden and abroad.
Production and reception.
Roy Andersson had just graduated from film school, having made two promising short films and a 48 minutes examination film, when he was given the opportunity to make "A Swedish Love Story". The film was shot between 16 June and 26 August 1969. The "Time Out Film Guide 2009", says the film is "strangely touching and wonderfully strange"
Awards.
It was entered into the 20th Berlin International Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Swedish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 43rd Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee. At the 7th Guldbagge Awards the film won the award for Best Film.

</doc>
<doc id="20917299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917299" title="Creskeld Hall">
Creskeld Hall

Creskeld Hall is a grade II listed Country House located in Arthington, near Bramhope, West Yorkshire, England. 
It belonged to the Rhodes family in 1846 and has been privately owned by the same family since the early 1900s. It is known to many people as Home Farm from the ITV soap "Emmerdale", a part it has been playing for over 40 years. 
A flat-roofed billiard room extension was added by the owner in 1919. This connects the 16th century chapel with the main body of the house, and has enclosed a courtyard where the front entrance used to be.
The gardens of Creskeld Hall are open to the public most years as part of the National Gardens Scheme "Yellow Book", with the proceeds being split between the National Garden Scheme, and a charity of the owner's choice. The house sits in approximately of garden, and has many rare colours of rhododendron collected by one of the family in the 1930s. The grounds also house a mature Monkey Puzzle tree. 
The estate farm is home to a herd of pedigree Holstein dairy cattle. The linage of the herd can be traced back to its inception by one of the owners of the estate in the early 1900s.

</doc>
<doc id="20917320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917320" title="Frederick Akbar Mahomed">
Frederick Akbar Mahomed

Frederick Henry Horatio Akbar Mahomed (c. 1849-1884) was an internationally known British physician from Brighton, England, in the late 19th century.
Family and early life.
Frederick Akbar Mahomed was born on April 11, 1849 in Brighton. He was the eldest son of Frederick Mahomed (1818—1888) and his second wife, Sarah Hodgkinson (1816—1905). He was educated privately in Brighton.
Frederick Akbar Mahomed's paternal grandfather was the Bengali traveller Sake Dean Mahomed, while his paternal grandmother Jane Daly was Irish. At the turn of the 19th century, they moved from Ireland to Brighton, England, where they had five children: Rosanna, Henry, Horatio, Frederick, and Arthur.
Frederick Akbar Mahomed's father, Frederick Mahomed, ran a fencing, gymnastics and callisthenics academy in Hove, which included boxing instruction. Cameron and Hicks dispute the suggestion that he ran Turkish baths at Brighton attributing this to a confusion of Frederick with his brother Arthur.
Career.
In 1867, aged 18, he began to study medicine at the Sussex County Hospital, Brighton. Two years later in October 1869 he entered Guy's Hospital, London as a medical student. He was an outstanding student and in 1871 he won the student Pupils' Physical Society prize for his work on the sphygmograph, having been runner-up the previous year. He qualified as a Member of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1872. Following qualification, Mahomed worked at Highgate Infirmary (St Pancras' North Infirmary, Central London Sick Asylum) for a year. In 1873 he was appointed as resident medical officer at the London Fever Hospital in Liverpool Street, Islington, where he worked with Sir William Broadbent. In 1874 Mahomed achieved membership of the Royal College of Physicians and was appointed as Student Tutor and Pathologist at St Mary's Hospital, Paddington. He gained an M.D. from the University of Brussels in 1875 and in 1877 he returned to Guy's Hospital as a Registrar (Senior Resident). He was elected as a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in 1880 and in 1881 he was awarded an M.B. from Cambridge University for his thesis on "Chronic Bright's disease without albuminuria". In the same year he was appointed Assistant Physician at Guy's Hospital and in 1882 he was appointed as a Demonstrator in Morbid Anatomy. On 22 November 1884 he died at the age of 35 from typhoid, which he is presumed to have contracted from a patient at the London Fever Hospital. He was buried at Highgate Cemetery. Michael F. O'Rourke summarizes the contributions of Frederick Akbar Mahomed as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20917338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917338" title="Fantastic Animation Festival">
Fantastic Animation Festival

Fantastic Animation Festival is a package film of animation segments, mostly to music, released in 1977. It was one of the earliest of the sort of collections typified by Computer Animation Festival and Spike and Mike's Sick and Twisted Festival of Animation.
Included in its 16 segments was the first national appearance of Will Vinton's Claymation (Closed Mondays), Bambi Meets Godzilla, and a Superman cartoon from the 1940s.
Segments.
All segments citation:

</doc>
<doc id="20917343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917343" title="Allan Dick (field hockey)">
Allan Dick (field hockey)

Allan Dick (born 8 June 1983 in Kirkcaldy) is a male field hockey goalkeeper from Scotland, who earned his first cap for the Men's National Team in 2003. He plays club hockey for Surbiton HC. His younger brother Stephen is also a member of the men’s national squad.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20917359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917359" title="List of headmasters at Colchester Royal Grammar School">
List of headmasters at Colchester Royal Grammar School

This table lists the official (not de facto) appointment and end dates of the headmasters of Colchester Royal Grammar School, 1530 to present. Until the "New Scheme" of 1899, all headmasters had to be in holy orders; most were local Reverends. "Res." signifies "resigned".

</doc>
<doc id="20917372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917372" title="Jesaya Nyamu">
Jesaya Nyamu

Jesaya Nyamu (born 20 March 1942) is a Namibian politician. A member of the Rally for Democracy and Progress (RDP), Nyamu was a high level member of the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) from 1964, when he fled into exile, until 2002, when he was expelled from the party for "disobedience". He was a member of SWAPO's Central Committee from 1975 until his expulsion from the party in 2002. In 2007, he registered a new political party, the Rally for Democracy and Progress (RDP) and was unanimously selected as the party's Secretary General in 2008. He was elected to the National Assembly of Namibia with RDP in the 2009 general election.
Personal.
Nyamu was born on 20 March 1942 in Oshigambo, Oshikoto Region (located in Ovamboland) to Abyatar Nyamu and Albertine Shipanga.
Exile.
Nyamu fled into exile with SWAPO in 1964. First going to then Tanganyika (now Tanzania) then the United States, Nyamu studied economics at the University of California, Berkeley. Following graduation, Nyamu went to the Soviet Union, where he studied economic planning. Following the end of his education, he became an important SWAPO diplomat across Africa; posts included key SWAPO allies Tanzania and Zambia. From 1976 to 1980, Nyamu was the Deputy Secretary for Information in Luanda, Angola and from 1980 to 1985, SWAPO's representative in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Independence.
Nyamu became the Deputy Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1990 to 1991. In 1991, Nyamu moved to the key Ministry of Mines and Energy, where he was Deputy Minister from 1991 to 1999 and Minister from 1999 to 2002.
Expulsion and birth of RDP.
Nyamu was expelled from SWAPO in 2002 for disobedience it came to light that Nyamu wrote a personal memoranda "on how to break Sam Nujoma's rule, including by forming a new political party". In 2007, Nyamu registered a new political party, the Rally for Democracy and Progress, which seeks to undermine SWAPO in the National Assembly, where SWAPO has 55 of the 72 seats. In November 2007, fellow SWAPO exile Hidipo Hamutenya joined Nyamu as leaders of the new party; Nyamu was confirmed as the Secretary General of the party at its congress in 2008.
In September 2010, Nyamu and 8 other opposition politicians were sworn-in as members of the National Assembly following a six month boycott due to electoral irregularities in the 2009 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20917389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917389" title="Maurice Ruah">
Maurice Ruah

Maurice Ruah (born February 19, 1971, in Caracas, Venezuela), is a former professional tennis player from Venezuela. He achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 82 in 1994.
Ruah participated in 19 Davis Cup ties for Venezuela from 1989 to 2000, posting a 17–17 record in singles and an 8–5 record in doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="20917398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917398" title="2009 in Wales">
2009 in Wales

This article is about the particular significance of the year 2009 to Wales and its people.

</doc>
<doc id="20917400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917400" title="Woods Hole Conference">
Woods Hole Conference

The Woods Hole Conference was held at Woods Hole, Massachusetts as a response to the Soviet Union's launch of the Sputnik series of satellites, in 1959 to identify the problems of science education and to recommend solutions. Woods Hole was held because American educators feared that the Soviet Union was surpassing the United States in educational emphasis on science, math, and foreign languages. 
The conference marked the beginning of a new trend in educational planning: the unified efforts of distinguished people in varied fields addressing themselves to the general improvement of education. The result was discipline-based education and conceptual learning. 
Impact on music education.
Music was categorized as aesthetic education.
In a 1959 article in "The Music Educators Journal", Alberta Lowe and Harold S. Pryor argued that the Soviet Union was also placing considerable emphasis on music education. As a result of Woods Hole, music educators resolved to teach music as an entire discipline that includes concepts, skills, and repertoire.
Impact on mathematics and science education.
New math was also a result as well as the spiral curriculum—-learning about and using basic concepts that would be revisited at subsequent levels. Jerome Bruner is an educational psychologist associated with this conference and with the spiral curriculum. The textbook revolution was another result of Woods Hole.

</doc>
<doc id="20917408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917408" title="Michael Leonard">
Michael Leonard

Michael Leonard (born 20 February 1974 in Knutsford) is a male field hockey defender from Scotland, who earned his first cap for the Men's National Team in 1996. He plays club hockey for Grange HC. Leonard has also been capped six times for the Scotland ‘B’ cricket team.

</doc>
<doc id="20917437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917437" title="Elias Durand">
Elias Durand

Elias Durand (January 25, 1794 – August 15, 1873), born Élie Magloire Durand, was an eminent American pharmacist and botanist born in France.
Duran was born in Mayenne, France, apprenticed as a chemist and pharmacist in Mayenne from 1808–1812, studied pharmacy in Paris, and on his graduation in 1813 joined the medical corps of Napoleon's army. He served for 14 months, and was present at the battles of Lutzen, Bautzen, Hanau, Katzbach, and Leipzig. In 1814 he resigned his commission, and became an apothecary in Nantes where he studied botany intensively for two years. After Napoleon's downfall, he was suspected of Napoleonic tendencies, and sailed to New York City in 1816.
After intervals in Boston, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, he ultimately settled in Philadelphia, where he established a drugstore employed by many of the most eminent physicians of the day. In 1825 he became a member of Academy of Natural Sciences in Philadelphia, and in 1832 was elected a corresponding member of the "Societé de Pharmacie" in Paris. In 1835 he was the first to begin bottling mineral waters in the United States, and in 1854 was elected to the American Philosophical Society.
Durand actively devoted himself to botany, and became thoroughly familiar with the flora of North America, collecting an herbarium that included a remarkable 10,000 species of North American plants. This, the work of nearly forty years, he presented to the museum of the Jardin des Plantes in Paris in 1868. A separate gallery has been devoted to the collection in that institution, and it was called "Herbaria Durandi" after the donor. Dr. Durand was a contributor to scientific journals, and a member of scientific societies in the United States and Europe. He died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on August 15, 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="20917446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917446" title="Adam MacKenzie">
Adam MacKenzie

Adam MacKenzie (born 25 October 1984 in Kirkcaldy) is a male field hockey defender from Scotland, who earned his first cap for the Men's Junior National Team in 2003. He plays club hockey for Inverleith HC.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20917469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917469" title="Iliniwek Village State Historic Site">
Iliniwek Village State Historic Site

Iliniwek Village State Historic Site in Clark County, Missouri, is maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as a state historic site.
History.
Acquired by the state of Missouri in 1992, the 127-acre site has proved to be an important archaeological discovery due to its size and quality of preservation. It is considered the largest and best preserved of any Illinois Indian village. The village was occupied from approximately 1640 to 1683. During that time the village contained at least three hundred (300) lodges with an estimated population in excess of eight thousand (8,000) tribe members. Archaeological digs in the 1990s discovered numerous house foundations, storage pits and evidence of a palisade fortification. The remains of at least one tribal member were also recovered at the site, in 1998. Among smaller items found was evidence of contact with early European explorers and traders, including glass beads, metal objects, and Jesuit trade rings. The Illinois Indian tribe were the first Native Americans encountered in present-day Missouri by Louis Joliet and Father Jacques Marquette, who visited the village in 1673.
The site today.
Located on a high sand terrace above the Des Moines River floodplain, the site can be reached by traveling US Highway 61 to Missouri Highway 27. Travel 4.8 miles then turn east on an unmarked gravel road. A short walking trail with interpretive signage encompasses most of the historic site. Limited picknicking and restroom facilities are available. Camping is available at the nearby Battle of Athens State Historic Site, as well as any assistance needed. The unstaffed site is open year-round from sunrise to sunset, however a gate blocks vehicle traffic from November through March.

</doc>
<doc id="20917481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917481" title="Sky Uno">
Sky Uno

Sky Uno () is an Italian entertainment television channel, based on the defunct reality television channel "SKY Vivo", both owned and broadcast by Sky Italia.
It broadcasts the Italian version of the shows X-Factor, MasterChef and The Apprentice.
The channel broadcasts in high-definition from 20 October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20917488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917488" title="Manfred Fuhrmann">
Manfred Fuhrmann

Manfred Fuhrmann was a professor emeritus for classical Latin philology and one of the most eminent German philologists.
Life.
Fuhrmann was born on 23rd of June 1925 in Hiddesen (near Detmold). He started his studies in Leiden. While Fuhrmann wanted to study music, he gave up this plan in favour of classical philology and jurisprudence, whereby the classical philology was decisive for him. 1953 he obtained his doctorate in classical philology in Freiburg, followed by his habilitation ibidem. 1962 Fuhrmann accepted a chair at the University of Kiel, 1966 one at the University of Konstanz. Also, he was a member of the Heidelberger Akademie der Wissenschaften ("academy of sciences of Heidelberg") and of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences. Furthermore, the University of Freiburg gave Fuhrmann an honorary doctorate in jurisprudence. He died on 12th of January 2005.
Achievements.
Fuhrmann is generally considered to be one of the most eminent German philologists. During his lifetime he has undoubtedly achieved a lot: Above all he has worked as a translator — having translated a huge amount of classical Latin and Ancient Greek texts into German: His probably most outstanding achievement was to translate all of Cicero's speeches. For this translation Fuhrmann received the Johann-Heinrich-Voß-Preis für Übersetzung ("Johann-Heinrich-Voß-award") from the Deutsche Akademie für Sprache und Dichtung 1990. Besides he has translated texts from other classical authors like Horace, Aristotle and Plato.
In addition to his translations, Fuhrmann became well known for his criticism of education. In his book "Bildung. Europas kulturelle Identität" ("Education. The cultural identity of Europe") he criticised that natural sciences are much too important in the most current educational systems, whereas classical philology, history and music do not receive enough recognition.

</doc>
<doc id="20917489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917489" title="The Far Paradise">
The Far Paradise

The Far Paradise is a 1928 Australian silent film directed by Paulette McDonagh and starring Marie Lorraine the stage name of Isabel McDonagh. This is the second feature from the McDonagh sisters. 
Graham Shirley in "Australian Cinema" commented: "...one of the best-directed of all Australian features prior to the coming of sound."
Plot.
In the town of Kirkton, James Carson is involved in crime and is investigated by the Attorney-General, Howard Lawton. Carson's daughter Cherry falls in love with Lawton's son Peter, and Lawton forbids the relationship. James Carson goes into hiding, taking Cherry with him.
A year later Peter finds Cherry selling flowers in a mountain tourist resort, trying to support her now-alcoholic father. Carson dies of a heart attack and Cherry can marry Peter.
Production.
The death of the McDonagh's father left them ₤500 in debt after their first film. However a rich uncle of theirs died in Chile, unabling them to start a second movie.
Shooting began in March 1928. The film's interiors were shot at the McDonagh family home, Drummoyne House, Sydney, and the exteriors in the Burragorang Valley and the Bondi studios of Australasian Films, plus some shots done in Melbourne.
Reception.
The film was well reviewed and performed strongly at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="20917490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917490" title="John Birchall">
John Birchall

Major Sir John Dearman Birchall TD (26 September 1875 – 6 January 1941) was a British soldier and Conservative Party politician. He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Leeds North East at the 1918 general election, and held his seat in the House of Commons for 22 years until he resigned on 8 February 1940 through appointment as Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds.

</doc>
<doc id="20917494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917494" title="Andrew Princz">
Andrew Princz

Andrew Princz (born October 28, 1970 - died June 24, 2011 in Quito, Ecuador) was a journalist, editor, and publisher of "ontheglobe.com". He has done reporting from around the globe, visiting almost sixty countries conducting tourism promotion and country awareness projects, spearheading the concept of cultural navigation, a form of modern-day global exploration whereby the traveler takes an empathetic approach to the cultures that he comes across. He has contributed to CNN Traveller, "The Wall Street Journal", "The Toronto Star", "CBC.ca", "The Montreal Gazette", the Chinese monthly "Cultural Geographic", "The Art Newspaper", and "ARTnews’’. Princz was founding editor of the Budapest-based monthly "DT - Diplomacy and Trade’’.
He was the holder of a BFA in Art History from Concordia University. Princz had contributed to several of Frommer's Eastern European guidebooks, and was the lead author of "Bridging the Divide: Canadian and Hungarian Stories of the 1956 Revolution", a book about the Hungarian Revolution of 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20917495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917495" title="Pecten (genus)">
Pecten (genus)

Pecten is a genus of large scallops or saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the family Pectinidae, the scallops. This is the type genus of the family.
The name "Pecten" is from the Latin word for a comb or rake. [http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/Pecten]
Since 1904, a "Pecten" shell has been used as the basis of the logo of Shell petroleum company.
Species.
Species in the genus "Pecten" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20917497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917497" title="USS PGM-3">
USS PGM-3

USS "PGM-3" was a "PGM-1" class motor gunboat that served in the United States Navy during World War II. She was originally laid down as an "SC-497" class submarine chaser on 7 September 1942 by the Peterson Boat Works in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin and launched on 12 April 1943. She was commissioned as USS SC-1035 on 17 May 1943. She was later converted to a "PGM-1" class motor gunboat and renamed "PGM-3" on 10 December 1943. After the war she was transferred to the Foreign Liquidations Commission on 20 May 1947. She was turned over to the Chinese Navy as the mouth of the Yangtze River in the summer of 1947.
Service Prior to Conversion to PGM.
28 May 43 sailing from U.S. Naval Station, New Orleans, Louisiana to Submarine Chaser Training Center, Miami, Florida
29 June 43 sailing from S.C.T.C., Miami, Florida to Nassau, British West Indies 
5 July 43 sailing from S.C.T.C., Miami, Florida to Key West, Florida
9 July 43 sailing from NOB, Key West, Florida to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba 
28 July 43 sailing from Balboa, Canal Zone to Corinto, Nicaragua 
31 July 43 sailing from Corinto, Nicaragua to Manzanillo, Mexico 
5 August 43 sailing from Manzanillo, Mexico to San Diego, California
14 August 43 sailing from San Diego, California to San Francisco, California
7 September 43 sailing from San Francisco, California to Seattle, Washington
13 October 43 sailing from Pier #41, Seattle, Washington to U.S.N. Section Base, Neah Bay, Washington
19 November 43 sailing from Seattle, Washington to San Pedro, California
En Route to the Treasury Islands in the South Pacific.
23 January 1944, USS "PGM-3" departed San Pedro, California, headed for Pearl Harbor, Territory of Hawaii, in company of PGM’s 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8, and USS Armadillo (IX-111). These small ships traversed the Pacific Ocean under their own power, en route to their duty station in the Solomon Islands. Along the way, five of the PGMs dropped out of the lead convoy for various reasons. "PGM-3" was the last ship to drop out. For further details of "PGM-3"’s voyage before reaching Espiritu Santo, see USS PGM-7. 
USS "PGM-3" arrived at Espiritu Santo, New Hebrides, on 14 March 1944, in the company of PGM’s 5, 7 and 8. The previous day the port engine started smoking and was immediately shut down. Upon arrival at Espiritu Santo, the engine was hoisted aboard the repair ship USS Mindanao (ARG-3) and was installed back in the "PGM-3" on 4 April. PGM’s 5, 7 and 8 departed Espiritu Santo on 15 March, leaving "PGM-3" behind and waiting for the other delayed PGM’s of Division One. The overhauled port engine failed again on 6 April during speed trials. By 1 May, the port engine was in working order again and on 6 May the "PGM-3" departed Espiritu Santo en route to Guadalcanal, sailing as part of Task Unit 35.1.8 under the unit command of Commander Wait on board the troopship "Mormachawk". Arriving at Lunga Point, Guadalcanal, on 9 May, the "PGM-3" continued on to Purvis Bay, Florida Islands (known today as Nggela Islands). "PGM-3" was stationed at various locations in the Florida Islands until 23 May. The ship’s log indicates that PGM’s 2, 4 and 6 were moored alongside at various times during this period. 
On 23 May, "PGM-3" departed Tulagi, Florida Islands, en route to Rendova Island, New Georgia Islands, arriving there the next day, and anchoring at the Motor Torpedo Boat Base 11(PT Boat Base 11). During its stay at Rendova, the ship’s log indicates that it was moored at times next to PGM’s 2, 4 and 6. Then on 7 June, the "PGM-3" departed for the Treasury Islands, arriving there the same day. Motor Torpedo Boat Base 9 at the Treasury Islands served as the home base for "PGM-3" for the period 7 June 1944 to 24 February 1945.
Service at Motor Torpedo Base 9, Treasury Islands.
During the month of June, "PGM-3" completed four 2-day patrols of the southeast coast of Bougainville Island and Bougainville Strait, working variously with PGM’s 1, 5, 6, 8, USS "LCI 61", and a PBY seaplane. These were anti-barge patrols at night and mine patrols during the day. The ship fired upon many coastal locations and destroyed two drifting mines by gunfire. 
On 27 June, "PGM-3" departed MTB Base 9 in the company of "PGM-1", en route to Carter City, Florida Island. After arrival the ship was moored next to "PGM-2". The ship underwent repairs and alterations at Carter City, including the installation of sound gear and a 3-inch/50 gun. 26 July, "PGM-3" was moored next to "PGM-6". "PGM-3" returned to MTB Base 9 at the Treasury Islands on 27 July.
"PGM-3" participated in three extended anti-barge patrols along the western coast of New Ireland in August and September. 1 August at 0550 hours, the ship departed MTB Base 9 in company of PGM’s 1 and 2, and arrived at the patrol location at 0115 hours the next day, where the PGMs worked with a PBY seaplane. 4 August, the ships arrived at MTB Advanced Base, Homestead Lagoon, Emirau Island and took on water and fuel the next day at Hamburg Bay. PGM’s 3 and 2 departed Emirau Island on 8 August en route to MTB Base 9, Treasury Islands. 27 August, "PGM-3" departed MTB Base 9 in company with PGM’s 5 and 8 to patrol area “uncle” on the southwest coast of New Ireland. The PGMs arrived at MTB Base 7, Green Islands on 30 August for a layover, departing on patrol again on 2 September. On this patrol the ships worked with four F4U aircraft and PT boats from the Green Islands and then departed the patrol on the morning of 5 September en route to MTB Base 9. PGM’s 3, 5 and 6 departed MBT Base 9 at 0259 hours on 19 September for another anti-barge patrol along the coast of New Ireland, arriving on station at 2353 hours the same day. During the afternoon of 21 September, the ships were patrolling in an area 30 miles northwest of Duke of York Islands and in the evening were patrolling along the west coast of New Ireland again, working with the PBY seaplane, call sign “Charcoal.” Charcoal dropped several incendiary bombs in the area of a barge canal at Matakan Plantation, starting several fires that lasted about 10 minutes. At 0047 hours "PGM-3" fired a burst of .50 caliber tracers into Matakan Plantation to point out a target to the PBY. Charcoal dropped flares to illuminate targets and the PGMs strafed Matakan Plantation for two miles along the coast. The ships departed the patrol area early in the morning of 22 September and headed for MTB Base 7, Green Islands.
While at the Green Islands, the PGMs received emergency orders to intercept the hospital ship USS Samaritan, which had been damaged by a mine. The hospital ship was acting as formation guide for a convoy that included the following ships: USS Osmus (DE-701), OTC; USS Whitehurst (DE-634); USS Algorma (AT-34); "SS Poleau Laut". PGMs 3, 5 and 6 departed the Green Islands at 1437 hours on 24 September, setting a course of 258 degrees true at 1450 hours and then 109 degrees true at 1516 hours, following the latter course until reaching the hospital ship at 1122 hours the next day. The hospital ship was proceeding on a course of 127 degrees true at the time. The PGMs served on scouting lines for the convoy until 1700 hours on 26 September, when they were detached from the mission. The PGMs then proceeded to Tulagi, Florida Islands, reaching their destination the next day. "PGM-3" departed Govanna Inlet, Florida Island on 29 September in company of PGM’s 5 and 6 and arrived at MTB Base 9, Treasury Islands the next day.
The day following its arrival back at base, "PGM-3" headed out again for another patrol of area “uncle” on southwest coast of New Ireland in the company of PGM’s 6 and 8. The PGMs arrived on station off Huru Point at 1930 hours on 2 October. A PBY was dropping flares along the coast to illuminate possible targets. In the area of Matakan Plantation, the PBY dropped a bomb close to a hut on the beach and "PGM-3" shelled the vicinity of the hut with their 60 mm mortar. At 0106 hours, a PBY illuminated a loaded barge 1500 yards off Huru Point. The PGMs and PT boats arrived on scene 30 minutes later and made runs against the barge. The PTs scored several hits and in the following runs, the PGMs scored hits with their 3-inch/50 and 40 mm guns. The barge was destroyed during the 20-minute attack. After completing their patrol the following night, the PMGs set out on the morning of 5 October for MTB Base 7, Green Islands. After a layover, the PGMs returned to patrol on 9 October. Near the end of the day on 11 October, the PGMs were working with the PBY seaplane, call sign “Tarbaby.” At 0500 hours on 12 October, the PGMs finished their patrol off Tambaker Point, arriving back at MTB Base 9 the following day at 0652 hours. 
During the latter two weeks of October, "PGM-3" was assigned escort duty, making two round trips to Finschhafen, New Guinea, returning alone each time to MTB Base 9. The first round trip spanned the dates 14 October to 19, escorting the merchant ship "SS Marmacsea". "SS Wilfred Grenfell" was escorted on the second round trip, 24 October to 29.
In November and December "PGM-3" conducted four patrols of the southwest and southeast coasts of Bougainville Island, Bougainville Strait and the northwest coast of Choiseul Island. One trip was in the company of 2 PT boats (call signs “Gum King” and “Gum 131”), one apparently alone, one in company with "PGM-8" and one in company with "PGM-2". In addition, the ship made two quick round trips to Cape Torokina, escorting USS General W. F. Hase (AP-146) to the cape on the second trip on 10 December.
"PGM-3" departed the base at Treasury Islands for its last patrol along the west coast of New Ireland at 2159 hours on 25 December in the company of "PGM-2". The ships arrived at their patrol station the next day at 1932 hours, 2 miles off Huru Point. The PGMs were still patrolling in the second hour of 29 December, working with the Black PBY Catalina, call sign “Charcoal.” Charcoal was strafing the beach of the Chinese Plantation and illuminating the area for the PGMs. "PGM-3" fired upon the beach with gun number 6 (40 mm). Not long thereafter, the PGMs were abeam of Ulpatur Plantation where Charcoal dropped a flare and four bombs. Early in the morning, the PGMs departed their patrol and set a course to the naval base on Green Island, arriving there at 1520 hours. A layover there ended 1 January 1945, when the ships returned to the patrol area, arriving 5 miles off Huru Point at 2145 hours. At 0615 hours on 4 January, the PGMs departed their patrol at Huru Point, making their way back to base at the Treasury Islands. Near midnight, PGM’s 3 and 2 passed PGM’s 1 and 5, who were headed in the opposite direction, making their way from base to the same patrol area.
"PGM-3"’s last patrol in the Solomon Islands commenced 16 January and ended the next day. The anti-barge patrol was conducted in area “Queen” along the west coast of Choiseul Island. For this last patrol "PGM-3" was once again in the company of "PGM-2". Shortly before arriving on station, the "PGM-3" sank a drifting mine with gunfire. The next morning at 0625 hours, four F4U Corsairs arrived overhead to participate in bombardment activities at Kuku Point, followed by gunfire into the same area by the PGMs. Continuing on patrol, the "PGM-3" shelled a reported enemy concentration in a cave. At 0946 hours the ships arrived at Sangigai, anchored off shore, and commenced unloading supplies for “Australians.” The PGMs were underway to their home base at 1204 hours, reaching their destination at 1815 hours.
In February the PGM ships of Division One were wrapping up operations in the Solomon Islands and preparing for advancement to the Philippines. On 2 February the main engines of "PGM-3" were hoisted out of the ship for replacement.
Service in the Philippine Islands.
The ships of PGM Division One, PGM’s 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 8, departed the Treasury Islands on 24 February, en route to Hollandia, New Guinea. USS PGM-7, the remaining ship of Division One, was severely damaged in a collision in July of the previous year and never returned to active service. The ships arrived at Hollandia on 28 February and anchored in Challenger Bay. On 3 March the ships departed the harbor and joined a convoy headed for the island of Leyte in the Philippines. "PGM-3" took its position astern of USS Anthedon (AS-24). The PGMs served as radar and sound screens, rear guard, and rescue ships for the convoy. The convoy arrived at Leyte on 10 March and the PGMs anchored in San Pedro Harbor. On 13 March the log of "PGM-3" indicates that at 1833 hours, the ship was moored next to "PGM-4" at Motor Torpedo Boat Base 5 in the San Juanico Strait, Leyte. "PGM-3" remained at MTB Base 5 until 7 April.
At 1625 hours on 7 April, "PGM-3" was underway from MTB Base 5, following in the wake of "PGM-1" through the San Juanico Strait en route to Ormoc Bay, Leyte, and moored at the Ormoc wharf at 0700 hours the next morning. The PGMs departed the following day at 0645 hours en route to Camiguin Island. The ships tied up at the dock at Mambajao, Camiguin at 1430 hours and were underway again at 1745 hours, headed to their patrol area in Macajalar Bay, Mindanao. The PGMs commenced patrol of the area 1 mile off Salay at 1930 hours, and continued to blockade the Mindanao coast at Macajalar Bay into the morning hours, using radar to search for enemy traffic. At 0645 hours the "PGM-3" commenced firing its 3-inch/50 and 40 mm guns at the mouth of Cagayan River. The ships departed the patrol at 0803 hours to return to Camiguin. After an hour-stay at Camiguin, the ships continued on to Iligan, Mindanao. The PGMs were underway from the wharf at Iligan at 1910 hours to return to their patrol area. At 0243 hours, one mile off Tagaloan River, the wake of a putative torpedo was observed to pass just ahead of "PGM-3". Another wake passed under "PGM-1". On 12 April at 0520 hours, the PGMs departed the patrol area, en route to Balingasag Bay. Guerilla Banca came alongside at 0704 hours to transfer four Japanese prisoners and captured enemy equipment. Afterward, the "PGM-3" proceeded en route to Cebu City. At 1813 hours the four Japanese prisoners were transferred to the army stockade at Cebu City for the night. A half hour later the area came under enemy attack with shells exploding close to the "PGM-3". All ships in the vicinity proceeded to get underway to avoid the shelling. Shells exploding in vicinity of the dock caused numerous personnel casualties. The "PGM-3" sought safety by proceeding to the outer harbor at Cebu where it anchored for the night. On the morning of 13 April, the Japanese prisoners were brought aboard by military police and the ship departed for Ormoc. The ship moored in Ormoc Bay shortly before noon the same day and military police escorted the prisoners ashore. The PGMs departed Ormoc Bay the next day, 14 April, and arrived back at base at 1313 hours. 
"PGM-3" departed MTB Base 5 for its second patrol in the Philippines on 18 April in company with "PGM-1". This patrol was similar to the first, with stops at Ormoc and Mambajao followed by patrols in the area of Macajalar Bay. After the last patrol the ships returned to base via Ormoc, arriving at MTB Base 5 on 25 April.
"PGM-3" departed MTB Base 5 on 6 May, proceeding independently to Polillo Island, arriving there at 0812 hours on 8 May. The next day two officers and eleven men of the Philippine Army reported aboard and the ship departed at 0807 hours for patrol off the east coast of Luzon in company with "PC-1123". In the hour before noon, "PGM-3" fired upon the beach at Binangonan Point. At 1350 hours "PGM-3" was closing towards the beach at Infanta to pick up civilian evacuees. "PGM-3" and "PC 1123" then returned to Polillo Harbor where, presumably, the civilians were set ashore. On the morning of 10 May, the two ships departed Polillo for another patrol of the east coast of Luzon. At 1010 hours the ships commenced a northward sweep at Gabriel Point, firing at an enemy encampment in the vicinity of Iloilo River at 1135 hours. "PGM-3" moored alongside "PC-1123" in Dingalan Bay at 1410 hours for the purpose of taking on ammunition and the ships then departed for Casiguran Sound. In the early morning hours of 11 May the ships put a guerilla landing party ashore 3 miles south of Calabgan. The ships then departed, arriving back at Polillo Harbor at 1540 hours, and moored to the pier at Polillo City. The two ships departed for another patrol the next morning, arriving back at Binangonan Point at 0725 hours for a northerly sweep of the coast. At 0945 hours "PGM-3" commenced firing in the Port Real area and received return machine gun and small arms fire. Two Japanese Q Boats were believed to be destroyed. The patrol was terminated at 1903 hours and the ships returned to Polillo. The next morning the "PGM-3" departed Polillo in company with "PC-1123", "PC-476" and "PGM-5". The ships arrived at Mauban Harbor at 0805 hours and remained anchored there for about two hours. The ships then departed the harbor for a patrol of the coast which lasted the remainder of the day. "PGM-3" then proceeded back to base in company of "PC-1123".
On 20 May at 1733 hours, "PGM-3" departed MTB Base 5 in company with "PGM-6", en route to Polillo Island. The ships arrived there on 22 May and moored to the wharf at 0730 hours. That night the ships departed for patrol, en route to Casiguaran Sound. At 2135 hours the ships were in the vicinity of Marcelino Point, with "PGM-6" putting a landing party ashore. The patrol continued and the ships arrived at Casiguran Sound at 0622 hours the next morning. Three hours later the ships were underway to pick up a scouting party in the vicinity of Colobgan. With the scouting party aboard "PGM-3", the ships departed en route to a reported enemy encampment south of Dilalongan. After shelling the beach the ships continued to patrol along the coast and entered Dingalen Bay at 1550 hours. The PGMs then returned to Polillo, mooring at the wharf at 1936 hours, 23 May. PGM’s 3 and 6 departed Polillo at 1108 hours the next day for another patrol of the Luzon coast, returning at 2140 hours. The two ships conducted their last patrol on 26 May and departed from Polillo on 27 May en route to MTB Base 5.
During the month of June, "PGM-3" was idle at MTB Base 5. The ship’s log entry for 25 June documents the presence of all PGMs of Division One at the base (PGMs 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 8). "PGM-3" left MTB Base 5 on 6 July en route to MTB Base 17 on the south end of Samar Island and returned on 8 July. The ship made another trip to MTB Base 17 on 11 July and remained there until 26 July. Then "PGM-3" returned to MTB Base 5, arriving there on 27 July, where it remained until 4 August.
4 August at 1151 hours, "PGM-3" was en route to rendezvous with PGM’s 1, 2, 4, and 6, for a mission to Morotai Island. After rendezvous, the PGMs departed at 1317 hours with "PGM-4" serving at OTC. The PGMs arrived at Morotai on 6 August and anchored in the harbor at the southern tip of the island. Four days later the PGMs departed Morotai, proceeding to MTB Base 17 on Samar Island, arriving there on 12 August. The following day "PGM-3" returned to MTB Base 5 where it remained until 5 September.
Okinawa.
5 September at 0740 hours, the ships of PGM Division One departed their base in the Philippine Islands en route to Buckner Bay, Okinawa. At 1415 hours on 9 September, "PGM-3" passed through the anti-torpedo nets at Buckner Bay and at 1507 hours anchored in berth 150. Over the next week the ship shifted between many moorings in the bay and on 16 September at 1240 hours was moored starboard side to "SC-760" at the Minesweep Dock, Section Base, Katchin Hanto, Buckner Bay. In the next entry of the ship’s log for the day, under the heading 1600 to 2000 hours, it is noted that the barometer was falling rapidly and a typhoon was approaching. Then under the heading 2000 to 2400 hours: “barometer falling rapidly, typhoon mounting with violence.” The next day the ship remained moored next to "SC-760" and nothing more about the typhoon is mentioned in the log.
Service in Shanghai.
"PGM-3" remained at Buckner Bay until 25 September, when it departed for Hagushi, Okinawa, arriving there the same day. The following day "PGM-3" took on fuel and water in preparation for a trip to Shanghai, China. On 28 September at 1256 hours the "PGM-3" departed Hagushi in company of LCI Group 65 bound for Shanghai, China, in accordance with orders from Commander LCI Flotilla Fifteen. Two days later "PGM-3" anchored in 22 fathoms of water at the entrance to the Yangtze River. An hour and a half later the ship proceeded to a quarantine anchorage in the river. The next day the ship moved to an anchorage midstream on the Yangtze off Blockhouse Island and was also moored at times to "SS Claus Spreckles" and USS Robinson. On 3 October, "PGM-3" made its way to Nippon Yusen Kaisha, Pootung Wharf, Huangpu River, Shanghai, where it moored port side to "PGM-5". The "PGM-3" remained in Shanghai until 5 November, moving between various moorings, going into dry dock on 25 October, and leaving dry dock on 2 November. During this period the ship’s log documents the presence in Shanghai of PGM’s 2, 4, 5 and 6.
On 5 November the "PGM-3" departed the Nippon Yusen Kaisha wharf at Shanghai and made its way to the Yangtze River, where it moored to USS "Robinson" briefly, then proceeded to an anchorage 3 miles west of Chung Poasha. At this location the ship observed Japanese mine sweeping operations and returned at the end of the day to moor overnight at the USS "Robinson". "PGM-3" was stationed on the Yangtze River the next day, two miles west of Middle Island, where it continued to monitor Japanese mine sweeping operations, returning at the end of the day to moor at the USS "Robinson" off Blockhouse Island. On 7 November, "PGM-3" was underway at 0630 hours following minesweepers on various courses, stationed 1000 yards astern, returning to USS "Robinson" at the end of the day. The ship was engaged in the same activity the next day and was relieved at 0815 hours on 9 November. "PGM-3" returned to Shanghai on 10 November and returned to mine sweep operations on the Yangtze the following day, serving duty as safety ship, and moored overnight at USS "Robinson". On 12 November the ship concluded its duties as safety vessel and arrived back at Shanghai at 1642 hours, mooring next to "PGM-1" at the Old NingPo wharf. "PGM-3" remained at Shanghai until 27 November, when it departed to return to the Philippines.
Return to the Philippines.
On 27 November at 0642 hours, "PGM-3" departed Shanghai in company with PGM’s 1, 4, 5, and 6, en route to Subic Bay, Philippine Islands. At 1418 hours the PGMs were anchored off the Yangtze entrance buoy, awaiting the arrival of USS Kenneth M. Willett (DE-354). The next day the PGMs departed in company of USS "Willett", bound for Subic Bay. At 1250 hours on 29 November, the "PGM-3", in accordance with AlPac 297, dropped all exposed ammunition in 1,466 fathoms of water. The convoy entered Subic Bay at 1440 hours on 2 December. The next day "PGM-3" anchored at the Alva Docks, Naval Base, Olongapo, Subic Bay, Luzon, Philippine Islands. "PGM-3" remained at this location until it was decommissioned on 12 January 1946.
All but 5 crew members of "PGM-3" were billeted ashore at the Repair Base, Navy 3002, on 19 December. On 11 January at 1030 hours Captain Alston Ramsey, USN, came aboard with an inspecting party for pre-decommissioning inspection. On 12 January 1946, USS "PGM-3" was decommissioned at 1400 hours. The ship’s log on this date was signed by A. C. Cordes, Ens., USNR.
Officers of USS SC-1035 and PGM-3.
Gazaway Lamar Crittenden, Lieut. (jg), D-V(G), USNR, reported aboard 17 May 43 as Commanding Officer, and was detached 30 October 44, as Lieut., Commanding Officer, relieved by Joseph O. Edwards, and ordered to duty at Nav. Tra. Cen. Miami, Florida, USA
Robert W. Goggin, Ensign, reported aboard 17 May 43 as Executive Officer, detachment date not determined
Kenneth L. Sturges, Ensign, reported aboard 17 May 43 as Third Officer, detachment date not determined
Albert H. T. Banzhaf, Ensign, D-V(G), USNR, reported aboard 5 June 43 as Third Officer, and was detached 30 October 44, as Lieut. (jg), Third Officer (Gunnery Officer), relieved by Paul K. Hawkins, and ordered to duty at Nav. Tra. Cen. Miami, Florida, USA
Joseph Orr Edwards, reported aboard 21 September 43, on the January 1944 Officers-Next-of-Kin in the ship’s log he was listed as Lieut. (jg), D-V(S), USNR, and on 30 October 44, when a Lieut., became Commanding Officer, and was detached 17 April 45, as Lieut., Commanding Officer, relieved by Walter G. Simon
Paul Kenneth Hawkins, Ensign, (D), USNR, reported aboard 13 October 44 as Third Officer, and was detached 20 June 45, as Ensign, Third Officer, relieved by Paul C. Gregg 
Ralph E. Gintz, Lieut. (jg), reported aboard for temporary duty 30 October 44 as Executive Officer, relieving J. O. Edwards, his detachment date not determined 
William Fergus Feely, Ensign, (D), USNR, reported aboard 10 November 44 as Executive Officer, he replaced Ralph E. Gintz, and on 26 December 45, as Lieut. (jg), became Commanding Officer, relieving Walter Simon, Feely’s detachment date not determined but he signed the ship’s log the day before it was decommissioned 
Walter G. Simon, Lieut. (jg), (D), USNR, reported aboard 17 April 45 as Commanding Officer, and was detached 26 December 45, as Lieut., relieved by William Feely 
Charles E. Thorney Jr., (DE), USNR, reported aboard for temporary duty on 5 April 45 and was detached on 25 April 45
Paul C. Gregg, Ensign, (DL), USNR, reported aboard 18 June 45 as Third Officer (gunnery officer and supply officer), and was detached 28 December 45, as Ensign, no officer relieved him
Alexander C. Cordes, Ensign, USNR, reported aboard 17 November 45, duties not listed, and on the December 1945 list of officers in the deck log is listed as Executive Officer, he signed the last page of the ship’s log, 12 January 1946, A. C. Cordes, Ens., USNR
Crew of PGM-3.
The name of the crew member is followed by the date he reported aboard, the date he was detached, and his rate at detachment. The last entry for the ship’s muster rolls is dated 1 January 1946. The detachment dates for a few of the crew after 1 January are listed in the ship’s log and are provided below. However, there are some men on the muster for 1 January 1946, that are not listed with a detachment date in the ship’s log. These men are listed below with a detachment date “after 1 JAN 46.” The crew list below does not include men who were detached prior to 23 January 1944, the day when the PGM-3 departed California en route to the South Pacific. For Navy ratings see: US Navy Interviewer's Classification Guide 
Dale Clifford Axtell, 6 September 43 to 13 October 45, BM1c;
David Ray Bates, 12 December 45 to after 1 January 46, S1c(SM);
Reynold Edgar Beltz, 14 September 45 to 5 December 45, MoMM2c;
LeRoy Bradley, 9 February 44 to 18 May 44, StM1c;
Carl Anderson Bunner, 31 December 43 to 19 July 45, QM2c;
William Sederous Butler Jr., 4 September 43 to 25 December 45, MoMM1c;
William Earl Demaree, 17 September 44 to 16 January 45, MoMM3c;
George Joseph Dowd, 26 May 43 to 24 August 44, RM1c;
Domer M. Fisher, 25 August 44 to 10 July 45, GM3c;
Frank Adolph Frandeen, 6 January 45 to 5 October 45, MoMM1c;
Richard Emmitt Gage, 21 October 45 to after 1 January 46, S1c;
Cornelius Earl Greenlaw Jr., 25 April 44 to 2 November 45, SM3c;
Homer Reynolds Harding, 22 February 45 to 5 October 45, Cox;
Frederick Benjamin Hartsfield, 31 December 43 to 10 November 44, GM3c;
Donald LeRoy Johnson, 17 May 43 to 21 October 44, BM1c;
Robert Warren Joy, 3 January 44 to 12 February 44, F1c;
Earl Joseph Keller, 30 October 44 to 16 August 45, SC3c;
Berlon Wise Kemp, 21 October 45 to after 1 January 46, SC3c;
Columbus Carson Kennedy Jr., 19 January 45 to 27 June 45, F1c;
William Bryan Kilpatrick, 5 June 43 to 21 October 44, QM2c;
George Edward Kious, 17 May 43 to 24 August 44, MoMM1c;
William A. Knight, 26 August 44 to 12 January 46, Cox;
Robert Raymond Kowalczyk, 6 January 45 to 15 December 45, EM3c;
Jerome Frederick Kraut, 12 December 45 to after 1 January 46, MoMM3c;
George Walter Lacy, 17 May 43 to 21 October 44, Y1c;
Howard Floyd La Favre, 23 October 44 to 12 January 46, S1c(QM);
Dondald Oliver La Plant, 10 November 43 to 13 October 45, SC1c;
Olaf Harold Lindstrom Jr., 17 May 43 to 25 August 44, EM1c;
Don J. Lowe, 9 November 44 to 27 June 45, S1c;
Roy McGahan Jr., 17 September 45 to after 1 January 46, BM1c(T);
Mike Nick Milkosky, 17 May 43 to 6 January 45, MoMM1c;
Arthur Albert Mitchell, 7 September 43 to 26 December 45, RM1c;
Emmett Abraham Moore Jr., 4 September 43 to 10 January 46, MoMM2c;
William Oliver Norton, 9 February 44 to 12 February 44, S1c;
Kenneth Omer Peak Jr., 9 February 44 to 12 January 46, MoMM3c;
Thomas Eugene Pike, 31 December 43 to 20 December 45, PhM1c;
Henry Joseph Rasmussen, 17 May 43 to 15 September 44, MoMM1c;
John Everett Reuter, 2 November 45 to 15 November 45, CBM;
Russell Charles Richard, 12 December 45 to after 1 January 46, StM2c;
William Warren Robinson, 17 September 44 to 12 January 46, GM3c;
Francis Lionel Russell, 3 January 44 to 15 November 45,MoMM2c;
Wilbur Franklin Sink, 17 May 43 to 25 December 45, EM2c;
Metro Skiratko Jr., 17 May 43 to 25 December 45, GM1c;
Robert Francis Sullivan, 17 May 43 to 25 December 45, GM2c;
J. L. Tarrant, 17 May 43 to 7 February 44 and 12 September 44 to 16 August 45, St3c;
James Robert Taylor, 21 October 45 to 17 December 45, SM3c;
Donald Joseph Thomas, 5 June 43 to 29 October 45, Cox;
Robert Joseph Trauscht, 15 November 45 to after 1 January 46, GM3c;
Elbert Derrell Tucker, 10 July 45 to after 1 January 46, GM3c;
Albert H. Virostko, 25 April 45 to after 1 January 46, Y2c;
Robert Allen Waugaman Jr., 17 May 43 to 17 December 45, RdM2c;
Richard James Wisswell, 5 June 43 to 23 January 45, GM3c;
Ruben Zavala, 14 September 45 to 13 October 45, Cox;
Adolph J. Zlabis, 17 May 43 to 27 April 44, SM2c;

</doc>
<doc id="20917500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917500" title="Michael R. Ayers">
Michael R. Ayers

Michael Richard Ayers, FBA (born 1935) is a British philosopher and professor emeritus of philosophy at the University of Oxford. He studied at St. John's College of the University of Cambridge, and was a member of Wadham College, Oxford from 1965 until 2002. Among his students are Colin McGinn and William Child.
Michael Ayers's research focuses are in the history of philosophy and in epistemology, metaphysics and language. He is co-editor of the Cambridge History of Seventeenth-Century Philosophy and subject editor of the Routledge Encyclopedia of Philosophy, has edited the work of George Berkeley and published on Descartes. His most influential contributions, however, concern the work of John Locke. He is the author of "Locke: Epistemology and Ontology" as well as of several seminal articles on Locke's philosophy. 
In 1987 Bryan Magee invited Michael Ayers to talk about Locke and Berkeley in the BBC's series The Great Philosophers.
More recently, Michael Ayers has published on metaphysics.

</doc>
<doc id="20917539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917539" title="David Mansouri">
David Mansouri

David Mansouri (born 21 October 1982 in Glasgow) is a male field hockey player from Scotland, who earned his first cap for the Men's National Team in 2004. 
He plays club hockey for Western Wildcats. Dave Mansouri came through the club’s youth system in the late nineties and originally claimed his place in the first team as a full back. His dedication led to his first of 19 caps in 2004, and culminated in selection for the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
As he has matured, he has developed into a combative and highly efficient midfield player bringing a different dimension to today’s 1st team.
Given his professional life as a surgeon, it is to his credit that his commitment to hockey has remained so steadfast, to the point that he was able to assume the captaincy in 2009-10. Now very much a senior player, Mansouri’s role in the current 1st team remains an absolutely vital one.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20917562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917562" title="Jefferson Landing State Historic Site">
Jefferson Landing State Historic Site

Jefferson Landing State Historic Site in Jefferson City, Missouri, is maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as a state historic site. The site includes the Jefferson City Amtrak station(formerly the Union Hotel), the Lohman's Landing Building(also known as the Jefferson Landing Building) and Christopher Maus House. The Jefferson Landing Building has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20917565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917565" title="List of Stickin' Around episodes">
List of Stickin' Around episodes

This is a list of episodes of the Canadian animated television series "Stickin' Around", which ran for 39 episodes and three seasons from 1996 to 1998.
Season Two.
Starting with Season Two, the series' animation was drastically changed, resembling Flash animation.

</doc>
<doc id="20917570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917570" title="St Senans (Kerry) GAA">
St Senans (Kerry) GAA

St Senan's are a Gaelic Athletic Association Gaelic football club from just outside Listowel in North County Kerry, Ireland. They play North Kerry Division 1, County League Division 4 and Novice Championship Football. They won the Kerry Junior Football Championship in 1985 & 1996

</doc>
<doc id="20917572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917572" title="Casper Elgaard">
Casper Elgaard

Casper Elgaard (born 5 April 1978) is a Danish auto racing driver. He has competed several times in the 24 Hours of Le Mans since 2001, as well as regular drives in the Le Mans Series. In 2008 he finished second in the LMP2 class of Le Mans for Team Essex in a Porsche RS Spyder. He also won his class at the 2008 1000 km of Monza. In 2009 24 Hours of Le Mans Elgaard won the LMP2 class in the Team Essex Porsche Spyder.
He is four times champion of the Danish Touring Car Championship between 2004 and 2006, and again in the series final season in 2010. Early racing includes finishing as runner-up in the 1998 Danish Formula Ford series, as well as a drive in German Formula Ford. In 1999 he raced in the Formula Renault Euro Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20917597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917597" title="Tornadoes of 2009">
Tornadoes of 2009

In 2009, tornadic activity was generally near average. Each year, tornadoes and tornado outbreaks occur worldwide primarily under conductive conditions, though a majority of tornadoes form in the United States. Tornadoes also occur to a less frequent extent in Europe, Asia, and Australia. In the U.S., there were 1,304 reports of tornadoes received by the Storm Prediction Center (SPC), and 1,156 tornadoes were confirmed to have taken place. Worldwide, 44 fatalities were caused by tornadoes, with twenty-one in the U.S., fifteen in India, four in Canada, two in Greece, and one each in Serbia and Russia.
Tornadic activity in 2009 began with the development an EF1 tornado near Stringer, Mississippi on January 3 and ended with the dissipation of an EF0 tornado near Vancleave, Mississippi on December 24. During the year the two strongest tornadoes were both assessed as an EF4 – one occurred in Oklahoma on February 10 and the second occurred in Tennessee on April 10. During the early months of the year tornadic activity remained mostly below average in contrast to am active trend of tornadoes in 2008. Activity peaked in April and May as a result of destabilizing atmospheric conditions and featured a bulk of the year's tornadoes. However, the number of developing tornadoes subsequently began to wane and remained generally inactive for the latter half of 2009.
Synopsis.
In contrast to the first nine months of 2008, the final quarter was fairly inactive overall, and the inactivity continued into January 2009 with only a few tornadoes in the US the entire month as generally stable air dominated. The pattern broke for the first time on February 10 when a modest tornado outbreak occurred, but produced a deadly tornado in Oklahoma. The severe weather activity changed to a moderate pace for the remainder of February into March, and although the start of the season did not have a large prolific tornado outbreak, it has had several notable events. Overall activity in March ran near normal.
The start of Easter weekend brought the first large outbreak of 2009, with many tornadoes on both April 9 and 10. Steady activity through the remainder of April sent the month above average. May started quite active, but in a rather unusual pattern as most tornadoes in the early part of the month were due to summer-like derechos as opposed to large-scale supercells. The second half of May was unusually quiet, with few significant severe weather events. June saw activity return to an above normal pace, and the middle part of the month was particularly active. However, most of the tornadoes were in open country, and activity was steady over many days as opposed to a large outbreak.
The second half of 2009, overall, was not active. July also ran near normal, but August ran below normal with most of the activity concentrated in a single non-tropical outbreak. Without any landfalling tropical cyclones in the Atlantic and a relatively stable air mass, September was extremely quiet with only a very small number of isolated weak tornadoes. While October was near average tornado-wise, activity stabilized greatly again in November and it produced only three tornadoes, one of the least active months in recent years. December was more active, primarily as a result of a moderate outbreak just before Christmas.
January.
There were 10 tornadoes reported in the United States in January, of which 6 were confirmed. Activity throughout the month was far below-average, with all tornadoes forming within localized events. The most notable tornado was an EF1 that struck McIntosh, Alabama on January 10, causing $2.5 million in damage. No casualties took place throughout the month and total losses from the storms reached $2.7 million.
Across Europe, there were six tornadoes reporting during the month, one of which in Italy was rated F1 on January 27.
January 3.
On January 3, the SPC issued a slight risk outlook for portions of Southeast Texas and the lower Mississippi Valley, citing the predicted passage of a shortwave trough and the potential for increasing atmospheric instability which would in turn increase the likelihood for tornadic activity. At 1535 UTC, the SPC issued a severe thunderstorm watch for areas of southeastern Louisiana and southwestern Mississippi due to the development of scattered thunderstorms tracking eastward across the region. In addition, conditions were favorable for the genesis of supercells. One of these storms spawned an EF1 tornado in Smith County, Mississippi, which tracked for . The tornado snapped several trees and caused relatively minor structural damage to several buildings, with damage totaling to $40,000.
In addition to spawning the first tornado of 2009, storms in the lower Mississippi Valley caused penny to nickel-sized hail. An additional preliminary EF0 tornado was reported to have blown down several trees in an open field in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, but was not counted as part of the National Climatic Data Center's total tornado count for 2009. Two mobile homes were damaged in Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, potentially due to a tornado. However, the damage was neither reported or confirmed as tornadic.
January 6–7.
On January 6, a line of thunderstorms affected Georgia, Alabama and the Florida Panhandle, producing damaging winds and a couple of tornadoes. An EF0 tornado caused light to moderate damage to the roofs of three buildings and several outbuildings near Chattoogaville, Georgia. During the early morning hours of January 7, an EF0 tornado southeast of Forsyth, Georgia caused moderate damage to one home and damaged three other structures.
February.
There were 44 tornadoes reported in the US in February, of which 36 were confirmed.
Across Europe, nine tornadoes were reported during the month. The most intense of these was an F2 (T4) tornado that struck Málaga, Spain on February 1. On February 14, four people were killed in Nizip, Turkey. Overall, tornadoes were responsible for 4 fatalities and 31 injuries in Europe during February.
February 1.
25 people were injured when a tornado hit the city of Málaga in Spain, causing extensive damage to property, windows and vehicles. Most of those injured had been cut by glass, although branches and advertising boards blown around by winds up to resulted in some of the injuries. More than 200 houses were affected, along with 400 cars and 100 industrial warehouses. Nearly 1000 children were without classes because of the damage done to six schools in the city. The tornado was rated as an F2 (T4) by the European Severe Weather Database.
February 10–11.
For February 10, the Storm Prediction Center issued a moderate risk for severe weather for portions of eastern Oklahoma, northeastern Texas, western Arkansas, and northwest Louisiana. It was projected that supercell thunderstorms would form late in the afternoon with a squall line developing during the evening.
During the afternoon, an EF1 tornado touched down northwest of Warr Acres, near the Northwest Expressway, resulting in damage to several businesses in the area. Afterwards, an EF2 tornado struck Edmond, where six homes were destroyed, eight structures received major damage, 51 received minor damage and another 166 structures were affected. Later in the evening, an EF4 tornado devastated the city of Lone Grove, killing eight people, injuring 46 others and destroying 114 homes and mobile homes. The Lone Grove tornado is the deadliest to hit Oklahoma since May 3, 1999, and the strongest tornado during the month of February in Oklahoma since 1950. The previous strongest were two F3 tornadoes which touched down on February 17, 1961.
The Storm Prediction Center also issued a very large slight risk area for February 11 which encompassed parts of the Deep South, Ohio Valley, Midwest, and Appalachians. However, the risk for tornadoes was lower on February 11 due to stronger frontal forcing (which limited discrete supercell activity) and lower instability. The risk area was upgraded to a moderate risk later in the day, but mainly for damaging downburst winds and isolated tornadoes.
February 16 (Country of Georgia).
A tornado, which local authorities believe is the first ever in the nation's history, touched down in the country of Georgia. No injuries were reported, but the tornado damaged trees and around 100 homes in the Tsalendzikhsky and Zugdidsky districts.
February 18–19.
Strong southwesterly winds transported a moist air mass northeastward across the Gulf Coast states and the Tennessee Valley. The moisture combined with daytime heating to support a moderately unstable air mass in advance of a cold front, which pushed southeastward across the Tennessee Valley and Gulf States during the afternoon and evening. The cold front combined with a strong jet stream aloft resulted in the development of severe thunderstorms along the cold front. As a result, a moderate risk of severe weather was issued by the Storm Prediction Center for portions of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle.
Several tornadoes touched down during the afternoon and evening hours into the early morning of February 19. The strongest tornado was rated as an EF3 tornado, which traveled through Wilkes and McDuffie counties in Georgia. It destroyed a cinder block home, damaged 15 homes and destroyed 19 outbuildings. One person was killed in Hancock County after an EF3 tornado destroyed a church and four mobile homes in the area. A mile-wide EF2 tornado that touched down in Meriwether County damaged several homes with one home completely losing its roof. One person was injured by debris as an EF1 tornado traveled through Putnam County, destroying a restaurant on the southwest side of Eatonton. U.S. Highway 129 was shut down after high winds downed power lines. Two different tornadoes caused damage in Jasper County, each with winds of . In Newton County, 20 to 30 homes in a heavily-wooded subdivision were damaged by trees blown down by an EF1 tornado that was on the ground for . Other tornadoes, with winds ranging from to , occurred in Taylor, Houston and Oconee counties. In the southern portion of Georgia, a supercell thunderstorm produced two tornadoes (rated EF2 and EF3) in Grady and Thomas counties. In Thomas County alone, there were 160 structures damaged with nine mobile homes destroyed and 20 single family homes destroyed. In Alabama, an EF1 tornado tracked across a forest in Randolph County, where several hundred trees were either snapped off or blown down.
February 28.
A cold front pushed into warm, moist air in Alabama, Georgia adumbnd the Florida Panhandle on February 28, resulting in severe thunderstorms in southern and central Alabama into central Georgia during the morning. At 7:40 rain fell from the sky and CST (1340 UTC), an EF0 tornado blew down several trees and power lines and destroyed two outbuildings in southern Tallapoosa County. 31 minutes later, an EF1 tornado heavily damaged a building and overturned a car at a car dealership in Lee County. At 8:26 am CST (1426 UTC), 10 mobile homes, seven homes, two churches and a school were damaged after an EF2 tornado touched down in Salem, which is also in Lee County.
March.
There were 123 tornadoes reported in the US in March, of which 115 were confirmed.
Across Europe, 14 tornadoes were reported throughout March. The most notable of these was an F2 that struck Greece on March 25, killing two people.
March 8.
A moderate risk of severe weather was issued for eastern Missouri, Illinois and Indiana on March 8. but was later downgraded to a slight risk for a large portion of the Ohio Valley. The most powerful tornado of the outbreak was an EF3 that struck Fayetteville in Lawrence County, Indiana, where 19 homes were damaged with three of them destroyed. As a line of supercell thunderstorms quickly moved through southwestern Illinois, ten tornadoes were spawned in the region. Near Springfield, Illinois, a tornado, rated EF1 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale, destroyed seven homes and damaged thirty others in Loami.
March 12 (Philippines).
A large tornado touched down in South Cotabato Province in the township of Tupi around 3:00 pm PHT (0700 UTC). The tornado destroyed 18 hectares of farmland, causing eight million pesos (166,000 USD) in damage during its 15-minute existence. No structures were reported to have been damaged and no one was injured.
March 23.
An upper trough moved from the Four Corners region into the southern Great Plains and lower Missouri Valley during the day on March 23. During this, a surface low in western portions of Nebraska pushed into eastern South Dakota. A cold front combined with the low moved across the central and southern Great Plains and was the main area where thunderstorm development would occur. Although moisture was limited, strong wind shear created favorable conditions for supercells to develop and rotate. As a result, the supercells had the potential to produce tornadoes. A moderate risk of severe weather was issued for portions of central and eastern Kansas and northern Oklahoma. During the day, a fast-moving supercell produced several tornadoes in eastern Nebraska and across the state line into the west central portion of Iowa. Five tornadoes occurred in eastern Nebraska, with eight people injured in Eagle. In Iowa, an EF2 tornado destroyed one home, damaged another home, a barn and seven outbuildings and derailed 54 empty grain rail cars in Harrison County. The supercell then moved into Montgomery County, where it produced two EF0 tornadoes.
March 25 (Greece).
A rare tornado touched down in Nea Manolada in southwestern Greece on March 25. The most severe damage was to a vehicle where two of the occupants (all from Bulgaria) were killed and a third was critically injured. Extensive damage was also reported to numerous houses and businesses in the area. The European Severe Weather Database later confirmed this tornado to be an F2 tornado, with a path length of .
March 25–29.
Several days of severe weather began with an EF1 tornado near Meridian, Mississippi on March 25. During the early morning hours of March 26, severe thunderstorms produced six tornadoes in central sections of Mississippi. The most powerful tornado spawned was an EF3 that struck Magee. Sixty homes were either damaged or destroyed with 25 people injured from the tornado. A church was destroyed and a warehouse was severely damaged. An EF2 tornado, three EF1, and an EF0 also occurred as the severe weather moved through the area. A state of emergency was declared for 12 counties by the Governor of Mississippi Haley Barbour. The thunderstorms also produced three tornadoes, one rated EF1 and the other two rated EF0, in southeastern Louisiana and coastal regions of Mississippi. The EF1 tornado damaged seven homes, extensively damaged one trailer and injured one person in Tangipahoa Parish.
Another round of severe weather developed late that evening, producing another intense squall line with embedded tornadoes across the northern Gulf Coast region early on March 27, where several tornadoes were reported. Later during the afternoon, various tornadoes developed in North Carolina, causing structural damage in eastern North Carolina. The tornadoes formed after a disturbance moved into the area from Alabama. One of the tornadoes near Parkton was rated as an EF2 and injured one person.
More tornadoes occurred on March 28, as they affected Tennessee and Kentucky during the afternoon. A supercell that tracked through three different counties in western areas of Kentucky produced two tornadoes. One of them was an EF3 tornado that destroyed six homes, caused major damage to 10 homes and minor damage to 60 homes and businesses in Corydon. In Tennessee, an EF1 tornado caused damage to several businesses in Murfreesboro, including the local Boys and Girls Club and a shopping plaza, which was heavily damaged. Another EF1 tornado destroyed a modular home and damaged three other homes in Ashland City.
Severe thunderstorms caused widespread damage throughout Pennsylvania on March 29. An EF1 tornado was produced in Lancaster County, damaging 238 structures across a path of from Lititz to Denver, most of which were 200 homes that were damaged by hail. Thirty barns suffered moderate damage, one barn sustained major damage, six trailer homes were destroyed with two others suffering major damage. Three people were injured by the tornado, which altogether cost an estimated $3 million in damage.
March 31 (India).
A tornado struck the east coast of Indian state Orissa in the Kendrapara's Rajkanika block, killing 15 people and injuring at least 200 others. Four villages were completely destroyed by the tornado, cars were thrown significant distances, and concrete roofs were torn off buildings. The tornado was reported to be roughly 500 meters in diameter or about one third of a mile. Six people were killed after the motor boat they were on was picked up by the tornado and thrown across the Baitarani River. Survivors of the storm said that the destruction matched that of the 1999 Orissa cyclone. Trees throughout the area were defoliated and debris littered the ground and hung from trees. The day following the tornado, high temperatures were present, but residents struggled to find shelter from the heat. The tornado touched down during the late afternoon hours just before 5:00 pm IST (1130 UTC). At least 300 homes were destroyed by the tornado which was followed by a hail storm. A total of 11 villages were affected. along the tornado's one hour track through Orissa. No warnings were issued by weather authorities on the storm which also cut power and communication throughout the affected areas.
April.
There were 270 tornadoes reported in the US in April, of which 226 were confirmed.
Across Europe, ten tornadoes were reported during April, none of which caused notable damage.
April 2.
A moderate risk of severe weather was issued for a large area of the southern United States from the Mississippi Delta to northeast Florida. Activity began almost immediately in the Gulf Coast region as thunderstorms developed right at dawn and moved inland. Early in the afternoon, two EF0 tornadoes were produced in southern Mississippi, one of which caused minor damage to 14 homes in a subdivision in Ocean Springs. The severe weather also affected Alabama, where three EF0 and EF1 tornadoes occurred during the afternoon and evening hours. At around 4:00 pm CDT (2100 UTC), an EF1 tornado struck near the Nashville International Airport in Nashville, Tennessee. It caused minor damage to homes and downed several trees before crossing a pike, where it then caused damage to several businesses. The tornado continued moving northward, damaging more homes before lifting.
April 9–10.
A storm system over the southern Great Plains region resulted in severe weather development during the late afternoon and evening along a dry line that stretched from southern Kansas across northeastern Oklahoma into southwestern Missouri and northwest Arkansas. As a result, a moderate risk of severe weather was issued by the Storm Prediction Center for eastern Oklahoma, southeast Kansas, southwest Missouri and western Arkansas. The system approached as the atmosphere destabilized as a result of daytime heating. Thunderstorms began developmenting along a dry line in Oklahoma during the early afternoon hours. More thunderstorms started forming as they approached into western Arkansas, and encountered a strong wind field around the incoming system. Winds began turning with height, which caused some thunderstorms to rotate and spawn tornadoes. Beginning at 6:20 CDT (2320 UTC), several tornadoes were produced in eastern sections of Oklahoma and Texas. The severe weather then moved into Arkansas, where an EF3 tornado killed three people in Mena. The thunderstorms that affected Texas then went into Louisiana, creating numerous tornadoes in the state, one of which tracked through downtown Shreveport.
On April 10 (Good Friday), the storm system moved east into the Tennessee Valley and eventually into the Carolinas during the night. The Storm Prediction Center issued a moderate risk of severe weather for sections of the Tennessee Valley, Gulf Coast states and into the southern Appalachians region. As the system moved across the lower Ohio Valley area, a line of thunderstorms started to produce tornadoes in parts of Kentucky and Tennessee. One of the tornadoes that struck Tennessee was an EF4 that killed two people in Murfreesboro. Portions of the moderate risk area in northeastern Alabama, northwestern Georgia and southeastern Tennessee were upgraded to a high risk at 1:44 pm CDT (1844 UTC). The thunderstorms moved southeast across much of South Carolina, Georgia and Alabama. They produced tornadoes in northeastern and central sections of Alabama. One area of thunderstorms produced a long-tracked tornado that moved from Grovetown, Georgia, through Augusta and ended in Ellenton, South Carolina. The tornado moved across Augusta but missed the Augusta National Golf Club where the Masters Tournament was taking place during the weekend.
April 19.
A storm system across the southern United States produced several tornadoes, primarily across Alabama as well as in Georgia. Ten tornadoes touched down in central Alabama, with one of the most powerful ones an EF2 with winds that reached . Along its path through Blount and St. Clair counties, 18 structures were damaged or destroyed, with four structures completely destroyed. Seven chicken houses were destroyed, displacing over 95,000 chickens. Another EF2 tornado, which started in Russell County and eventually moved into Columbus, Georgia, caused minor to moderate damage to over 100 structures, as well as damage to Columbus State University. Two people were killed in Morgan and Marshall counties, although only the Marshall County death was due to a tornado.
April 25–26.
A moderate risk of severe weather was issued for parts of western Oklahoma, southern Kansas and the Oklahoma and Texas panhandles on April 25. Late that evening, a series of supercells formed in north-central Oklahoma, one of them producing a tornado that struck northern parts of Enid, Oklahoma and caused damage to the Chisholm Trail Coliseum and many houses. The storms in north-central Oklahoma continued to produce tornadoes into the early morning hours of April 26. One tornado, described as large and violent, touched down in Kremlin at about 1:45 am (0645 UTC). Both tornadoes were rated as EF2.
The same storm system and its associated cold front produced a bow echo that traveled through Michigan, most of Southern Ontario and parts of Southern Quebec where a second squall line formed in eastern Ontario. With the squall lines, one F0 tornado was confirmed by Environment Canada investigators in Ottawa, Ontario tracking about through the Britannia, Lincoln Heights and Carlington Heights communities where it tore off the roofs of two apartment complexes, downed numerous trees, power lines and signs. Widespread heavy damage was reported elsewhere including to planes at the Rockcliffe Airport as well as trees, power lines, street signs and several other buildings including houses and a school elsewhere across the city and in Gatineau, Quebec due to winds locally at . In a separate storm (though part of the same low-pressure system), another F0 tornado was confirmed in Windsor, Ontario damaging the roof of a CUPE union hall building.
On the morning of April 26, a high risk of severe weather was issued for much of Oklahoma into southern Kansas, where a major tornado outbreak was expected along the dryline. While several tornadoes were reported, overall activity was much less than expected and the high risk busted.
April 29.
Several areas of severe weather erupted in the central Plains with 16 tornado reports scattered from southern Kansas to southern Texas. A well documented event took place northeast of Lubbock near the town of Cedar Hill where several tornadoes touched down from a single storm. A pair of tornadoes also touched down in Arkansas doing some minor damage.
May.
There were 227 tornadoes reported in the US in May, of which 201 were confirmed.
May 2–3.
On May 2, an EF0 tornado hit Eggville, Mississippi where damage was reported as a slow-moving front continued southward. In Valley Ranch, Texas, the practice facility for the Dallas Cowboys was destroyed by a microburst, injuring several people. On May 3, a moderate risk of severe weather was issued for parts of Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia, mainly for a threat of intense downburst winds. A major progressive derecho with widespread and extensive wind damage - as strong as 110 mph (175 km/h) at times - and embedded tornadoes has been confirmed rolling from East Texas all the way to Alabama with numerous reports of damage all across Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama and into northern Georgia. At least one person was killed when a tree fell on her mobile home. A number of "large and extremely dangerous" tornadoes were reported in Alabama in the afternoon of May 3 by Storm Spotters and the NWS. Significant damage was reported near Moody, Pell City and Ragland in Blount and St. Clair Counties from this tornado according to ABC 33/40 coverage while tornadoes were reported in southern Jefferson County and northern Shelby County. Another reported tornado in Crossville, Tennessee resulted in significant damage and injuries. In total, 28 tornadoes have been confirmed, but all but one were weak.
May 5–6.
Strong thunderstorms resulted in damage to homes throughout North Carolina on May 5. During the afternoon, an EF0 tornado touched down in southern Lenoir County, peeling off three tin roofs off of turkey barns. About an hour later, an EF1 tornado ripped the roof off of a house and damaged several outbuildings in Pitt County. The most powerful tornado of the day was an EF2 that caused significant damage to several homes and injured one person in Wilson County. The next day, thunderstorms impacted sections of the Southern United States. An EF2 tornado struck the Madison, Alabama area, affecting three residential subdivisions and causing significant roof damage to several homes with others sustaining lesser damage including blown windows and minor roof damage.
May 8.
Another major severe weather event developed early on May 8 over southwestern Kansas. It quickly formed into a major progressive derecho which tracked across the central Plains, the Ozarks and into the Ohio Valley. Several tornadoes also developed, primarily in the Springfield, Missouri area where damage was reported. A moderate risk of severe weather was issued primarily due to the wind threat. Two people were killed near Poplar Bluff, Missouri when winds knocked a tree onto their car. Another Missouri resident suffered a fatal heart attack after he was blown away from his home and dropped into a field by an EF2 tornado. A woman was killed in southeastern Kansas after her mobile home was blown off its foundation. Two other deaths occurred in Kirksville, Kentucky from an EF3 tornado. Eventually, the storm developed a tropical cyclone-like structure, with a well-defined eye feature. In addition, winds were measured as high as in Carbondale, Illinois.
May 9.
Two weak tornadoes were confirmed in New England. The first, rated EF1, touched down around 5pm in Washington, Vermont, causing roof and tree damage along a path through the village. The second, rated EF0, destroyed a tobacco barn and caused tree and minor property damage in Sunderland, Massachusetts.
May 13.
On the morning of May 11, the Storm Prediction Center issued a moderate risk for severe weather for central Missouri and central Illinois on their Day 3 Convective Outlook. This risk was kept in the Day 2 Convective Outlook, issued May 12. The outlook mentioned the possibility of strong tornadoes, large hail and a damaging wind threat for May 13. During the day, a supercell produced three tornadoes in Sullivan and Adair counties in Missouri. Sixty-one homes were damaged in Kirksville with 10 homes destroyed and 15 homes sustaining major damage. Another 150 buildings in Adair County were also damaged. Two people were killed near Kirksville and another person was killed northeast of Milan.
June.
There were 299 tornadoes reported in the US in June, of which 270 were confirmed.
June 3 (Russia).
A tornado hit Krasnozavodsk, a town in Sergiyevo-Posadsky District, killing one person, injuring 65 others, of which 25 had to be hospitalized, and causing 350 million Russian rubles in damage. Forty-two homes were damaged and the tornado was rated F3 (T6) by the European Severe Weather Database.
June 5.
On the afternoon of June 5, a large tornado was observed by researchers with the VORTEX 2 tornado research project in Goshen County, Wyoming, with the entire life cycle of the tornado being broadcast live on The Weather Channel as part of their coverage of the VORTEX2 project. The tornado was on the ground for approximately 25 minutes and became rain-wrapped at one point, eventually roping out and dissipating. The tornado stayed in open rural areas and damaged only a few trees and telephone poles. It was rated EF2 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale based upon Doppler weather radar measurements. This tornado was also featured on an episode of the Discovery Channel series "Storm Chasers", wherein the TIV 2 and TornadoVideos.Net's "Dominator" vehicle both managed to penetrate the tornado with TIV 2 filming IMAX footage from inside the funnel.
June 6 (Italy).
An F3 tornado devastated the village of Vallà, in the town of Riese Pio X (Veneto, North-East Italy), injuring 23 people and leaving 200 homeless.
June 7 (Colorado).
Five tornadoes were reported in north-central Colorado. The most significant damage was an EF1 in Aurora, where portions of Southlands Mall was damaged. Homes and apartments in southeast Aurora had window damage, minor roof damage and a few broken garage doors. One car was flipped by the wind. A construction trailer north of the mall was torn apart. South of the mall, a Lowe's home improvement store had some roof damage and sheds and other structures were destroyed.
June 7 (Serbia).
A tornado that lasted five minutes hit Cantavir, a village in the province of Vojvodina, killing a nine-year-old boy, injuring several people and damaging more than 500 households. The tornado caused 4.5 million Serbian dinars in damage and was rated F1 (T3) by the European Severe Weather Database.
June 12.
An intense progressive derecho tracked across the Mid-South region of the United States. A few tornadoes were embedded in the system amidst widespread straight-line wind damage. The strongest tornado, an EF2, hit Olive Branch, Mississippi causing significant damage in the city. Along with straight-line wind, the tornado affected 693 single-family homes in DeSoto County, Mississippi. Of those, 377 had minor damage, 44 had major damage and two were destroyed. Twenty mobile homes had minor damage, two had major damage and two were destroyed. Ninety multi-family housing units had minor damage. There were also nine businesses in the county that had minor damage and seven had major damage.
June 15–16.
Amidst an active severe weather pattern, several areas of severe weather produced tornadoes across parts of the United States. On June 15, three tornadoes touched down in Colorado, with the strongest being an EF2 in Elbert County. Another tornado was also rated EF2 which affected areas near Macksville, Kansas. On June 16, two tornadoes impacted Cleveland County, North Carolina, destroying a machine shed, causing minor damage to homes and shifting the foundations of a couple of mobile homes. In Tollesboro, Kentucky, an EF1 tornado caused a modest amount of damage. A barn was destroyed with another damaged, three mobile homes were lifted off their foundation and minor structural damage occurred to homes and mobile homes. Also on June 16, a large tornado and possible satellite tornado were observed and documented by the TWISTEX research team just north of Menno, South Dakota. The tornado itself had no reported damage, but the associated winds on the south side of the tornado damaged a few buildings, trees, and signs in town.
June 17.
Yet another round of severe weather developed on June 17 across the upper Midwest and central Great Plains. The community of Austin, Minnesota was especially hard hit by a large tornado. Between 15 to 20 homes were damaged and baseball fields were ruined across the city. About 600 trees were ripped down in city parks. It tracked over US Highway 218, flipping numerous cars off the road. One shed was rolled several times by the tornado, injuring a man inside. The National Weather Service survey indicated that the tornado briefly reached EF2 intensity. The tornado was estimated to have touched down around 8:00 pm CDT and lifted around 8:23 pm CDT after tracking for . The maximum width of the tornado was roughly .
A separate round of tornadoes in Nebraska was also significant. A tornado emergency was later declared for Aurora, Nebraska as a large tornado was approaching town. The tornado downed power lines, nearly destroyed a dog food factory as it passed very close to the structure, and damaged several homes before dissipating. Storm chaser Reed Timmer of TornadoVideos.Net was pursuing this storm when his custom-built "Dominator" vehicle was struck by the tornado, the driver's window being destroyed and resulting in Reed and one of his passengers receiving lacerations from flying glass, the incident being shown in an episode of the Discovery Channel series "Storm Chasers" which was being filmed at the time. A historic home and barn were destroyed by the tornado and train cars were derailed. The most significant damage took place along Interstate 80. Severe damage was reported in a rural community about west of Aurora. The tornado was estimated to be a quarter mile (0.40 km) wide and was on the ground for about 18 minutes. The tornado was confirmed as an EF2 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale and had a track length of .
June 19.
On June 19, three tornadoes touched down in western Michigan, destroying several buildings and uprooting trees. One tornado touched down east of Pullman for about six minutes. It was a quarter mile wide and lasted for about six minutes. The tornado took down several trees and partially destroyed a house, which had part of its roof torn off and a wall collapsed. A pole barn and a metal structure were completely destroyed, and a large barn was moved off its cinder blocks. That tornado was classified as an EF1. The second tornado touched down about northwest of Alamo. It was about wide and lasted about three minutes. It destroyed one building and numerous trees. It was classified as an EF2 tornado. The third tornado in Richland was about wide. It tore off a house's roof, throwing debris . The home's insulation was found over a mile away. It also was classified as an EF2.
June 25.
Severe thunderstorms developed early in the morning of June 25 across the central Great Lakes and spread eastward. The most severe weather was in the area surrounding Lake Erie, with tornadoes reported on the Canadian shoreline, where at least one house was flattened and several other buildings were heavily damaged in Elgin County, Ontario. A second EF1 tornado was confirmed in Leamington where it tore the roof of a barn.
July.
There were 134 tornadoes reported in the US in July, of which 118 were confirmed.
July 8–9.
Severe weather developed late in the afternoon over eastern Montana and spread eastward in the evening into North Dakota, South Dakota and southern Saskatchewan and Manitoba. One notable tornado took place in the Dickinson, North Dakota area. The Dickinson tornado was rated EF3, where several houses were destroyed and many others heavily damaged in the southern part of the city. A few minor injuries were reported.
Another round of severe weather took place late on July 9 across the central Plains and northward. One tornado, rated F2 on the Fujita Scale, struck a fishing lounge, uprooting two cabins and dropping the buildings into a lake near Ear Falls, Ontario, resulting in three deaths and at least five others injured. The third victim was found July 12. All victims were from Ponca City, Oklahoma.
July 11 (Australia).
A low to moderate (high EF1 to low EF2) strength tornado, spawned by a small supercell struck the southern Adelaide town of Port Noarlunga, South Australia. Winds associated with the tornado reached up to 150 km/h, leaving a damage track 2.7 km long. At the western end, the tornado damaged five houses, demolished a shed, shifted cars, and hurled iron and glass debris across an oval during a football match between the Port Noarlunga Football Club and the Reynella Football Club. One person on the oval was injured. Substantial tree damage occurred along the eastern section of the track.
July 29.
Severe thunderstorms developed across the Northeastern United States and eastern Canada on July 29. The Cherry Valley area in Monroe County, Pennsylvania was hard hit by a likely tornado. Several buildings were heavily damaged, mostly commercial buildings. Several people were injured, but none seriously. The tornado was later confirmed as a rare EF2 tornado. The tornado tracked for roughly and grew to a width of . At least two barns were destroyed and numerous trees were downed along its path. In eastern Quebec, an F0 tornado touched down in Quebec causing damage in the Duberger subdivision.
Another Tornado was confirmed to have touched down on this date in Wantage, New Jersey leaving about a 7 mile path up into Unionville, New York. Winds were said to have reached up to 130 mph placing it as an EF2. Trees and power lines were downed and older wooden structures were destroyed in its path. Minor damage was reported to stronger buildings and homes. A third tornado, rated EF0, was confirmed in the area. Additionally, two EF0 tornadoes were confirmed in Maryland.
July 30.
Severe weather hit the Memphis, Tennessee Metropolitan area where widespread damage was reported. Portions of a facade of a KOHL's department store in Cordova was blown away. A restaurant and a car dealearship also sustained heavy damage. A large tornado was photographed during the event. Over 12 000 customers in the Memphis area lost power. Damage was also reported in Olive Branch, Mississippi. The tornado was later rated as an EF1. A total of 50 homes were damaged along its path and 131,000 people lost power due to fallen power lines. The Olive Branch tornado was later confirmed as an EF2, tracking for and peaking in width at . Seven homes and one business were destroyed and 113 other structures were damaged along its path. Two other EF0 tornadoes touched down in Arkansas and Louisiana. There was also unconfirmed reports of a tornado near Capron, Illinois that were associated with an isolated cell.
August.
There were 63 tornadoes reported in the US in August, of which 60 were confirmed.
August 4.
A large tornado struck the communities of Mont-Laurier and Aumond in southern Quebec about two hours north of Ottawa at around 2:30 PM EDT. Roofs were reported ripped off of homes, one large business had part of its wall blown away and one home was reported upended in Aumond. A total of 40 homes were damaged along the path and 21 of them had to be condemned. At least three people were reported injured by the tornado. A few hours after the tornado, a helicopter which filmed the damage caused by the tornado crashed on Highway 117 killing the pilot and a cameraman from CTV Montreal. The tornado was rated as an F2 making it one of the strongest and most damaging tornadoes in Quebec since an F3 struck Aylmer exactly 15 years ago to the day.
August 8.
Three tornadoes touched down east-central Minnesota and western Wisconsin. The first tornado occurred in the western suburbs of the Minneapolis – Saint Paul metropolitan area. It touched down shortly after 8:30 pm CDT in Minnetrista, and continued through Orono and Long Lake before dissipating in Plymouth. The EF1 tornado had a path of and was wide. It caused damage to trees, several residences, commercial buildings and boats. Two more tornadoes touched down approximately 90 minutes later in rural areas of western Wisconsin. An EF1 tornado touched down near Burkhardt, damaging several garages in that town and downing several hundred trees. This tornado had a path of and did not cause any injuries. A third tornado—rated EF0—touched down northwest of Hammond and caused only minimal damage.
August 18.
Severe weather struck Beaumont, Texas, at 2:30 PM EDT, creating a tornado that damaged the town's Parkdale Mall and injured several people. The tornado was rated an EF1 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale, no serious injuries occurred. The tornado, which formed out of a rather ordinary thunderstorm, was caused by inflow of air from other storm cells, which wrapped around and created rotation even though no supercell was present. In Eastern Colorado, several funnel clouds were created by a supercell, but none touched down to form a tornado.
August 19–20.
On August 19, disturbances in the jet stream caused severe thunderstorms to form in Iowa and the Dakotas. The storms moved to the north and east during the day, spreading into Wisconsin and Minnesota. At 1:50 pm CDT, an EF0 tornado touched down in south Minneapolis, Minnesota, uprooting trees and causing minor structural damage. The tornado continued north-northwest for before dissipating near the Minneapolis Convention Center in downtown Minneapolis. CNN coverage showed significant tree damage near downtown. This was the first significant tornado to strike the city of Minneapolis since June 14, 1981. Ten additional tornadoes touched down in eastern Minnesota and western Wisconsin.
In Iowa, several EF1 tornadoes were reported east of Des Moines, with no damage reported except in Chesterton, Indiana (where an EF2 tornado hit) and Elburn. In Northern Illinois, near Peoria, other tornadoes were reported along a hook echo formation, causing heavy damage in Sangamon County, Illinois (where the strongest tornado of the outbreak - an EF3 - occurred) and Cook County, Illinois.
More tornadoes developed on August 20 over the central Great Lakes in Ontario. Eighteen tornadoes touched down, four of them producing at least F2 damage. The number of tornadoes associated with this event surpasses that of August 2, 2006, which was formerly the largest tornado outbreak in the history of Ontario. See Southern Ontario Tornado Outbreak of 2009.
The first confirmed tornado cut a 36 km path from southwest of Durham to Markdale, was rated F2 and damaged dozens of homes and buildings. A tornado touched down at Clarksburg and was rated F2. This tornado had a 9 km path from south of Thornbury to the southeast, affecting Blue Mountain before passing onto Georgian Bay. Two separate tornadoes hit Vaughan; the first had a 3.5 km path through the Woodbridge neighborhood and was rated F2, while the second carved a 2.7 km path through the Maple neighborhood and was also rated F2. These two tornadoes each damaged dozens of homes, many with significant structural damage and a few requiring demolition. Another tornado in the GTA hit near Newmarket, causing serious F1 damage at the Royal Riding Academy. A tornado caused a 10 km long, 1 km wide path damage at Gravenhurst and was rated F0. An F1 tornado touched down at Milton causing roof and tree damage. At Redstone Lake in Haliburton County, an F0 damaged trees and cottages. Another tornado affected rural Haliburton County, with F1 tree damage at Haliburton Forest. From New Lowel to Edenvale, a tornado travelled 12.6 km, causing F1 damage to two homes and other farm buildings. Finally, two probable tornadoes occurred, one hitting Carlow/Mayo Township near Bancroft and causing F1 damage, the other producing F1 damage at Arnstein, near North Bay.
One death and some serious injuries occurred in Durham, mostly at a conservation area campground. The southern edge of Durham suffered heavy structural damage, including the complete destruction of a press plant, as well as serious damage to several more buildings in the town's small industrial park. In the Woodbridge and Maple areas of Vaughan just northwest of Toronto, the mayor declared a state of emergency for the city, 175 homes were evacuated because of heavy structural damage and some of those houses have been condemned, only minor injuries.
An EF0 tornado was also reported from the same system in Ross County, Ohio. In total, 49 tornadoes touched down over the two days.
August 22.
Just two days after the Southern Ontario Tornado Outbreak, an EF0 tornado touchdown was confirmed in Markham, Ontario, Canada, just north of Toronto.
August 29.
The National Weather Service confirmed that an EF0 tornado touched down in Canandaigua, New York. The tornado registered winds of and left behind a half-mile worth of damage. The worst damage occurred near the Canandaigua Yacht Club, where the tornado tossed dozens of small boats. Prior to the tornado, no advisory from the National Weather Service was in effect. The Canandaigua tornado reportedly lacked the classical warnings associated with a tornado. No injuries were reported. The Canandaigua tornado was the fifth tornado for New York this season.
September.
There were 10 tornadoes reported in the US in September, of which 8 were confirmed.
October.
There were 69 tornadoes reported in the US in October, of which 64 were confirmed.
October 9.
After a very long lull in activity, severe weather developed again across parts of the Southern United States as a strong cold front moved through. Although most of the damage was due to straight-line winds, numerous tornadoes were confirmed, including an EF2 that hit Casey County, Kentucky where houses were damaged and another EF2 hit Monroe County, Kentucky. Another tornado near Wayside, Mississippi resulted in one fatality and two injuries when a mobile home was destroyed. It was rated EF1. In total, at least 12 tornadoes were confirmed across the South.
October 22.
Tornadoes were reported in western Louisiana on October 22 with some damage.
October 26–27.
In Oregon City, Oregon a possible EF0 tornado was reported causing damage to some trees, cars and structures. The following day, another tornado of unknown strength touched down in Estacada in the Eagle Creek area.
October 29–30.
A powerful front tracked through the south-central US on October 29 with a total of 33 tornadoes. The most significant damage was in downtown Shreveport - for the second time in 2009 - where structural damage to a church was reported. Damage was also reported in Magnolia, Arkansas and Pine Bluff. At least 25 tornadoes were confirmed in the Arklatex area north towards areas south of Little Rock, although most were weak. The severe weather caused at least one fatality indirectly due to a tornado in the Vivian area.
November.
There were 4 tornadoes reported in the US in November, of which 3 were confirmed.
November 3.
On November 4, a tornado was reported in the Romsey area in Hampshire, UK. The tornado was reported due to roofs being torn off, although the tornado was confirmed as an F0.
December.
There were 52 tornadoes reported in the US in December, of which 48 were confirmed.
December 2.
A low pressure system with an associated mesolow tracked across the southern US on December 2. Several tornadoes have been reported, with significant damage across parts of Georgia. Two people were injured and houses were destroyed from an EF2 tornado in Appling County, Georgia. In total, seven tornadoes were confirmed.
December 19.
On December 19, a tornado touched down in downtown Hamilton, Pembroke parish. It created a swath of damage from Pitt's Bay road to First Avenue in the Cavendish Heights area of Pembroke. Hardest hit areas included the commercial areas of Reid Street from Queen Street to Court Street, and parts of Bermudiana Road. Automated recording stations on Hinson's Island reported a pressure drop of 20mb from 1016mb to 996mb. Along with this, a gust over 60kts was recorded. Although there were no reports of serious injuries, many tree branches came down, and, in some cases, whole trees were snapped. A row of motorcycles was knocked down during the severe storm. The tornado was likely between EF1 and EF2 at its peak. However, it is hard to accurately judge the strength of a tornado on the EF scale because of differences in Bermudian building codes.
December 23–24.
Numerous tornadoes touched down across Texas and Louisiana starting late on December 23 into December 24, associated with the warm sector of a much larger winter storm which produced heavy snow and blizzard conditions farther north. Significant damage was reported in the areas of Longview (where an EF2 tornado touched down), Lufkin (where an EF3 tornado touched down) and Garrison in Texas and in Crowley, Louisiana (tornado rated as EF2 there) where houses were heavily damaged as supercells developed ahead of and within a larger squall line.
A moderate risk of severe weather was issued for the afternoon of December 24 across the northern Gulf Coast. Severe activity was limited to the immediate coastal area with supercells embedded within the larger squall line, where a single EF0 tornado was reported.

</doc>
<doc id="20917609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917609" title="Netherton, North Lanarkshire">
Netherton, North Lanarkshire

Netherton is a southerly suburb of Wishaw, which can be entered from Netherton Road, which runs easterly from Pickering's Corner to the Cherry Tree public house, spanning the full length of the suburb. Alternatively, Netherton can also be entered from Netherton Street, which runs from the Heathery roundabout to Netherton Cross. Netherton is bordered by Gowkthrapple, Craigneuk, Muirhouse and the River Clyde.
History.
Netherton, meaning low farming homestead (the Nether-town) was initially a part of the parish of Cambusnethan. Traditionally farming area, some of which are still in operation, there was a Carbarns colliery which shut in the early 1900s, not long after an explosion which killed three men at the pit.
In 1859, a branch of the Glasgow Iron & Steel works was opened in Netherton as Lanarkshire was becoming a stronghold of the iron and steel industry. The industry continued in Netherton until the mid-1980s, when the Clyde Alloy works was shut. Many Netherton men also worked in the steelworks nearby, such as Ravenscraig, Dalzell and the Lanarkshire Steelworks.
Other major businesses of the past in Netherton include R Y Pickering, manufacturer of railway wagons and rolling stock, and A G Barr, bottling plant of the soft drink maker.
Netherton also had a police station and a cooperative society, both now closed.
Transport.
Netherton is serviced by a range of buses provided by FirstGroup, McKindless and Coakleys which provide services to Wishaw, Motherwell, Hamilton and Glasgow amongst other places.
There is no longer a train station in Netherton since the closure of Wishaw South station in 1958. Rail services to Lanark and Glasgow are provided from nearby Sheildmuir railway station.
Entertainment and Facilities.
Netherton has a small shopping centre on the corner of Netherton Road and Carbarns Road consisting of a general grocer, a hairdresser/tanning salon, a sub-post office and a fast food takeaway. Near the bottom of Netherton Road is the Cherry Tree pub.
There is a non-denominational primary school in Netherton Road, Netherton Primary School. Further along Netherton Road, at Netherton Cross is a fairly new community centre, which has replaced the dilapidated Netherdale Hall.
A football club for teams of under-8s, 10s and 12s, Netherton Football Club, has been established for over five years. The nearest professional football club is Motherwell, with the club's stadium Fir Park located only 2 miles away to the North-West of the suburb.
Netherton also has a methodist church, Castlehill Methodist, which was opened in 1976 and swiftly established 1st Netherton Boys Brigade.
The population of Netherton has increased greatly in recent years, which has necessitated the building of large new housing estates on the site of Wards scrapyard, at Netherton Street between Wishaw General Hospital and the gastank and next to Netherton Industrial Estate, amongst others.
Industrial Estate.
There is a large industrial estate on the westerly side of Netherton Road. It has been expanded in recent years and businesses include the Royal Mail sorting office, the NHS laundry and Daiwa, as well as a major new household waste recycling centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20917618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917618" title="Alistair McGregor">
Alistair McGregor

Alistair McGregor (born 11 June 1981 in Aberdeen) is a male field hockey goalkeeper from Scotland, who earned his first cap for the Men's National Team in 2001. He plays club hockey for Loughborough Students' Men's Hockey Club. McGregor was named joint Outstanding UK Player at the 2005 European Championships. He represented Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="20917624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917624" title="Jewell Cemetery State Historic Site">
Jewell Cemetery State Historic Site

Jewell Cemetery State Historic Site in Columbia, Missouri, is maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as a state historic site.

</doc>
<doc id="20917639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917639" title="Rila (disambiguation)">
Rila (disambiguation)

Rila may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20917645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917645" title="Mortezâ Varzi">
Mortezâ Varzi

Mortezâ Varzi (December 30, 1922 – January 3, 2004) was an Iranian musician and kamancheh player.
Biography.
He was born in Tehran of an artistically-inclined family. He started his music lessons on the violin at age 15 with Morteza Neydavoud, one of the greatest Persian instrumentalists of the twentieth century. After his father advised him to play music on a traditional Persian instrument, he began studying setar with master Nasratollah Zarrin Panjeh, and kamancheh with master Ali-Asghar Bahari.
When young, he lived across the street from Gholam Hossein Banan, the greatest Persian traditional singer of the day, who also helped him learn about Persian poetry, and how to fit the poetry to the music.
After finishing college with a degree in economics, Mr. Varzi was employed by the Iranian government, traveling throughout the world, conducting official business in Japan, the Philippines, India, China, the UK, and the United States.During his official duties, he represented the Iranian government at forums such as the CENTO Symposium on Decentralization of Government.
He undertook post-graduate studies in Finance and Personnel Management in the United States, and in Public Administration in the UK.
Later, after attaining high office at the Iranian State Railroad and at the Iranian Ministry of the Interior (where his posts included Governor of the Province of Sari, Director of Planning and Studies, Director General of Plans and Studies, Director General of Organization and Method, Consultant to the Minister of the Interior, and Executive Director of the Iran Municipal Association), he spent his free time collecting Iranian musical recordings, and researching Persian classical and folkloric music.
In 1970, Mr. Varzi took up residence in the United States, promoting Persian music and culture, and instructing both Iranians and Americans in the Persian classical musical repertoire. To this end, he founded the non-profit Institute of Persian Performing Arts in 1985. He was also the founder of the Bâhâri (with Peggy Caton, Robyn Friend, Massoud Modirian, and Neil Siegel) and Oshâgh (with Kazem Alemi, Mr. Tehrani, and Reza Torshizi) musical ensembles. In 1986, he was recognized by the United States National Endowment for the Arts as a master teacher and performer.
He had hundreds of students – learning kamancheh, setar, tar (lute), radif (Persian repertoire), Persian singing, Persian classical poetry – who came to study with him from all over the world. He also provided many opportunities for his students to meet and work with other masters of Persian music.
His translations of the poetry of Hafez, created and interpreted in collaboration with his long-time friend and student Margaret Caton, were published by Mazda in 2008.
Ostad Varzi died in Tehran, Iran, on 3 January 2004 (13th of Dey Maahe 1382), shortly after his 81st birthday. Read an appreciation of Ostad Morteza Varzi at [http://home.earthlink.net/~rcfriend/varzi.pdf] by one of his students.

</doc>
<doc id="20917658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917658" title="Roker Park (park)">
Roker Park (park)

Roker Park is a recreation park in the Roker area of Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, England.
The land on which the park stands was donated by Sir Hedworth Williamson, 8th Baronet and the Church Commissioners, and opened on 23 June 1880. The park is roughly an upside down reversed 'L' shape. It is bounded by Park Parade to the south, Roker Park Terrace to the east, Roker Park Road to the west and Side Cliff Road to the north. The northern part of the park is the widest and fronts onto Roker beach via a ravine, which passes under a wooden footbridge. In the centre of the park is a large freeform boating lake which is used for remote-controlled model boating. In the north-west corner of the park is a model narrow gauge railtrack which was built in the 1970s. There are two bowling greens as well as tennis and multi-purpose sports courts.
Listed buildings.
Bandstand.
The park's bandstand is octagonal, cast-iron with a wood base and a metal-covered roof.
Drinking fountain.
The memorial drinking fountain in the park commemorates Sir Hedworth's gift of land for Roker Park. It is made of ashlar, sandstone and granite and was erected by 'scholars, teachers and friends of Sunday Schools in Sunderland to commemorate the celebration of the centenary of Sunday Schools and the opening of Roker Park June 23 1880.'

</doc>
<doc id="20917659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917659" title="Samba Gold">
Samba Gold

The "Samba Gold" (Samba d'Or) is a football award given to the best Brazilian footballer in Europe, as awarded by the Sambafoot Association. The inaugural award was made in 2008. The Samba Gold is determined by three voter panels: journalists, fellow footballers, and votes from Internet users.

</doc>
<doc id="20917666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917666" title="Taseko Lakes">
Taseko Lakes

The Taseko Lakes are a pair of lakes, Upper Taseko Lake and Lower Taseko Lake, which are expansions of the upper Taseko River in the southern Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada. Their name is based on the original in the Chilcotin language, Dasiqox Biny, where "Desiqox" means "Mosquito River" and is cognate to the name of the river as in English; the Chilcotin name refers to both lakes as one lake, which was also originally the case with the English usage until official designation of the separate lakes in 1954. The lakes are separated by the short Taseko Narrows, the name of which in Chilcotin is "nanats'akash", and is an important crossing place for deer. The Tchaikazan River flows the area between the upper & lower lake from the southwest, while the Taseko River feeds it from the southeast, while the equally large Lord River joins it from the south, at the head of the lake.
History.
The Taseko Lakes were proposed to be part of a massive hydroelectric development which would have seen the flow of the Taseko River dammed and diverted westward via a tunnel to Chilko Lake, which would have been also dammed and diverted through further tunnels to Tatlayoko Lake on the Homathko River, which unlike the Taseko and Chilko Rivers drains directly to the ocean at Bute Inlet rather than via the Chilcotin and Fraser Rivers. Fisheries and aboriginal land claims concerns have derailed the Taseko diversion, although the Chilko diversion remains as a possibility.
The Taseko Lakes are now part of Ts'il?os Provincial Park, which also includes Chilko Lake and the intervening country, including Nemaiah Valley and Yohetta Valley, which form wide alpentals connecting the two lake valleys.

</doc>
<doc id="20917670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917670" title="Henry J. Stinger">
Henry J. Stinger

Henry J. Stinger (1857–1925) was a Republican member of the North Dakota House of Representatives from 1913 to 1918. He lived in Spring Butte Township.
Personal life.
Henry Stinger was born in Cleveland, Ohio on March 6, 1857. He received his early education in the Cleveland high school system and White's Private Academy. He moved to Minnesota at age 14 and later to Nebraska at age 25. Henry and his wife, Sofia, had eight children, and they lived on a rented farm during their time in Nebraska. Stinger filed for a homestead in Spring Butte Township after learning of "free" land that was available. Later that year, the family left Nebraska and began farming on the homestead.
In October 1925, Mr. Stinger's health began to fail, so he and his wife moved to Struble, Iowa, to live with their son. Henry died just four days after arriving in Iowa, on a visit to his two other sons in Allen, Nebraska. Mrs. Stinger lived in Iowa until 1929 before moving to Mobridge, South Dakota to live with her daughter. Mrs. Stinger died in 1948.
Political career.
Henry Stinger served three terms in the North Dakota House of Representatives as a Republican from 1913 to 1918. He represented Adams County in the 49th Legislative District. Due to district changes, his district later included Hettinger and Sioux Counties. He previously served as a county commissioner and held several minor township and school district offices.

</doc>
<doc id="20917671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917671" title="Penn State–Syracuse football rivalry">
Penn State–Syracuse football rivalry

The Penn State–Syracuse football rivalry is an American college football rivalry between the Penn State Nittany Lions football team of Pennsylvania State University and Syracuse Orange football team of Syracuse University.
History.
The rivalry started in 1922, when Syracuse fought Penn State to a 0–0 tie. But it was during the 1950s and 1960s that the rivalry intensified, as it enjoyed a competitive and often controversial string of contests. In 1953, after Lenny Moore intercepted a pass to seal a 20–14 Penn State victory, he was shoved out of bounds into the Syracuse bench. A Syracuse player jumped on Moore and a wild brawl started. Fans jumped out of the stands to join in. The fighting went on for several minutes before order was restored and Penn State took a knee to end the game. Syracuse football was led by Ben Schwartzwalder, and Penn State by Rip Engle, then Joe Paterno. From 1950 to 1970, Syracuse won 11 games to Penn State's 10. Penn State leads the all-time series 43–23–5. 
After Schwartzwalder retired in 1973, Syracuse floundered. Penn State won 16 straight from 1971 to 1986. Conference realignment and scheduling disagreements also dampened the intensity of the rivalry. Penn State fans and players increasingly turned their attention to the rivalry with Pittsburgh. 
In 1987, Coach Dick MacPherson finally led Syracuse to a resounding 48–21 victory over the Nittany Lions in the Dome. Syracuse won again the following year in Happy Valley but lost the last two games before the series was suspended in 1991.
Rivalry resumed.
In 2002, it was announced that the two teams would revive the rivalry by scheduling a home-and-home series in 2008 and 2009.
After an almost twenty-year break in the series, the two programs played in Syracuse's Carrier Dome on September 13, 2008, with the Nittany Lions prevailing 55–13 over the Orange. The contest did not generate a sellout crowd at the Carrier Dome. They met again the next year. Penn State won 28–7. (Both of these two Penn State wins were vacated per NCAA sanctions as a result of the Penn State child sex abuse scandal.) After a 4-year break, in 2013 the two teams met again, this time at MetLife Stadium, in front of 61,202 fans; Penn State won 23–17.

</doc>
<doc id="20917674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917674" title="Home, Home on the Road">
Home, Home on the Road

Home, Home on the Road is an album by the American country rock group the New Riders of the Purple Sage. Released by Columbia Records in 1974, it was their first live album, and their fifth album overall. The eleven songs on the album are a combination of originals and covers. Six of them had appeared on previous New Riders albums, and five had not.
"Home, Home on the Road" was produced by Jerry Garcia of the Grateful Dead, who had co-founded the New Riders and had been their original pedal steel guitar player. One track, "Kick in the Head", was written by Robert Hunter, who wrote the lyrics to many Grateful Dead songs.
In 2004, Sony Music Entertainment, which owns the Columbia catalog, released a combined CD of "Home, Home on the Road" and the New Riders' subsequent album, "Brujo". This "2-on-1" CD was issued on the BGO Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="20917686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917686" title="Knob Noster State Park">
Knob Noster State Park

Knob Noster State Park is a Missouri state park in Johnson County, Missouri in the United States. The park, named for the nearby town of Knob Noster, was constructed as the Montserrat National Recreational Demonstration Area in 1946 as part of a nationwide effort by the National Park Service to show how land that had been cleared for lumbering, mining or farming could be restored and reclaimed by the public for recreational purposes. Knob Noster State Park is open for year-round recreation including camping, hiking, and fishing.
History.
Knob Noster State Park is named for the nearby town which itself is named for one of two small hills or "knobs" that rise up in an otherwise flat section of Missouri. A local Indian belief stated that the hills were "raised up as monuments to slain warriors." Noster is a Latin adjective meaning "our". Therefore "Knob Noster" translates as "our hill".
The park was constructed during the Great Depression by the Civilian Conservation Corps and the Works Progress Administration. The CCC and WPA were both part of President Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal a series of government funded programs designed to provide work for the unemployed workers of the Great Depression. The men of the CCC and WPA built roads, bridges, camping areas, picnic areas, and park service buildings. The park, originally known as Montserrat National Recreation Demonstration Area, was transferred to the state of Missouri in 1946 and named for Knob Noster.
Ecology.
The Knob Noster area was described in 1861 during the American Civil War by Confederate soldier, Ephraim McDowell Anderson, as an area of "beautiful prairies, dotted with clumps of trees." The park lies in the Osage Plains, a transition zone between prairie and forest. Tall wild grasses and wild flowers grow among scattered trees making habitat similar to a savanna. In recent years the savanna has been overgrown with trees as the land is transitioning to a forest. There are efforts underway to restore some parts of the park to its original condition through controlled burning. 
Clearfork Creek is a slow flowing meandering creek that passes through the park. It provides water for a corridor of trees along its banks. The trees growing along the banks and in other parts of the park include pawpaw, various species of hickory and oak, hackberry and redbud. The creek, prairie and woods provide a habitat for numerous birds and mammals including Great Blue Herons, Pileated Woodpeckers, Wild Turkeys, White-tailed deer, fox, Opossum, Raccoons, Screech Owls and Eastern Bluebirds.
A section of the park has been specially designated as a protected natural area. Pin Oak Slough Natural Area is in a former oxbow slough of Clearfork Creek. The area is a wet-mesic forest and shrub swamp. Water pools during spring in depressions making vernal pools. Trees growing in the Pin Oak Natural Area include Pin Oak, Swamp White Oak and Bur Oak as well as Silver Maple. The rare pale green orchid can also be found in the natural area.
Geology.
Knob Noster State Park and the Osage Plains are underlain by soft shales with sandstones and limestones of Mississippian to Pennsylvanian age. Some of the rocks prevalent in the Osage Plains are Mississippian limestone, limestone shale, Ordovician dolomite, and coal. There are also clay and shale within the Pennsylvanian bedrock.
Recreation.
Knob Knoster State Park is open for year-round recreation. Two lakes, Buteo and Clearfork, and Clearfork Creek are open to fishing. The most common game fish are channel catfish, crappie, bass and bluegill. Only human powered boats such as canoes and rowboats are permitted on the lakes. Several picnic areas are spread throughout the park on the shores of the various lakes. Three picnic pavilions are available. Five different types of camping areas are available at Knob Noster State Park. There are basic campsites with a fire ring and pad, electric campsites are similar to the basic, only with electric hook-ups, equestrian campsites have facilities for horses and the special-use and group camping areas are provided.

</doc>
<doc id="20917688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917688" title="Gáspár Boldizsár">
Gáspár Boldizsár

Gáspár Boldizsár is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from 1989 to 1995. He won six medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (C-4 500 m: 1993, 1994), three silvers (C-2 1000 m: 1994, C-4 1000 m: 1990, 1990), and one bronze (C-1 1000 m: 1989).

</doc>
<doc id="20917694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20917694" title="David Ralph">
David Ralph

David Ralph (born 17 August 1972 in Glasgow) is a male former field hockey forward from Scotland, who earned his first cap for the Men's National Team in 1993. He played club hockey for Loughborough Students' Men's Hockey Club. Ralph became a field hockey coach after his career; currently the Head Coach at England Hockey League club Loughborough Students' Men's Hockey Club.
References.
<br>

</doc>
