<doc id="20903404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903404" title="24th Pursuit Group">
24th Pursuit Group

The 24th Pursuit Group is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was wiped out in the Battle of the Philippines (1941–42). The survivors fought as infantry during Battle of Bataan and after their surrender, were subjected to the Bataan Death March, although some did escape to Australia. The unit was never remanned or equipped. It was carried as an active unit until 2 April 1946.
History.
Organization.
The Group was activated in the Philippine Islands on 1 October 1941, taking over the three pursuit squadrons (3d, 17th and 20th) of the inactivated 4th Composite Group. The group was equipped with Seversky P-35As and several models of Curtiss P-40s, this group comprised the only pursuit force in the Philippines in December 1941.
During the month of October, 35 new pilots arrived from Randolph Field, Texas which brought the 24th up to full strength. These pilots were sent to Pursuit transition unit at Clark which trained them for combat duty. In November 1941, the 24th was augmented by two attached squadrons (21st and 34th) which were sent from the 35th Pursuit Group at Hamilton Field, California. Also in November, a number of additional P-40Es were sent to the Group, which equipped the 3d, 17th and 21st Squadrons. The 34th Pursuit Squadron was assigned P-35A, the remainder of the P-35s being sent to the Philippines Air Corps.
Eve of war.
Notice was received by the group on 15 November that due to the tense international situation between the United States and Japanese Empire, all pursuit aircraft on the flight line would be placed on alert 24 hours each day, be armed, fully fueled with pilots available on a 30 minute's notice. During the period 30 November to 6 December all squadrons underwent intensive training in day and night enemy interception and air-to-air gunnery. Also training in escorting B-17 Flying Fortresses of the 19th Bombardment Group was undertaken.
During the first days of December, on four consecutive nights (2d-6th) an unidentified aircraft was sighted over Clark Field at approximately 05:30. After the first sighting, instructions were given to force the aircraft to land or destroy it. On three succeeding nights it was impossible to make the interception, due to the inability to see the aircraft in the dark or the aircraft not getting close enough to be picked up by the ground searchlights. On the fifth morning all aircraft were kept on the ground and the anti-aircraft batteries were alerted for the interception; however the aircraft was not located. During this same period, many other undetermined aircraft were tracked by Iba Radar.
On the night of 7 December 1941, the 24th Pursuit Group status was reported to Far East Air Force as follows:
8 December 1941.
On 8 December at about 03:30 the commercial radio station at Clark Field intercepted a message from Pearl Harbor, Hawaii about the Japanese attack there. However the group was unable to verify this interception through official channels, no other action was taken other than notifying the Base Commander. However, all squadrons were put on alert.
At about 04:00 the radar at Iba Field reported a formation of unidentified aircraft approximately 75 miles off the West Coast of Luzon heading towards Corregidor. The 3d Pursuit Squadron was dispatched to intercept the formation, but no planes were sighted and the squadron returned to Iba. However, the radar tracks showed the interception was successful and the unidentified aircraft swung off to the west out of the range of the Radar. It was believed that the 3d went underneath the formation. At 04:45 notification was received of a state of war between the United States and the Japanese Empire. 
At approximately 09:30, a large formation of Japanese bombers was spotted over Lingayen Gulf reported heading towards Manila. The 20th Pursuit Squadron was immediately dispatched to intercept the formation over Roselas. The 17th Pursuit Squadron was ordered from Nichols Field to cover the airspace over Clark. Again, the interception was not successful, as the bombers turned to the northeast and attacked Baguio and Tuguegarao then headed north off the radar. Both squadrons returned to their stations and were refueled and put back on alert.
Again at approximately 11:30 a large formation of bombers was reported over the China Sea heading towards Manila. The 3d was again dispatched to intercept; the 17th was dispatched to cover Bataan and the 34th was placed on a standing patrol over Manila. Uncertainties of time and place, however, made it doubtful if the 3d would accomplish the interception. At 11:45 an unverified report was received of another bomber formation over Lingayen Gulf, heading south. The 20th was still being refuled and was unable to take of, so the 21st was ordered to cover Clark Field. At 12:15 the 20th completed refueling and was also ordered to cover Clark, At 12:20 54 Japanese bombers and an undetermined number of naval dive bombers attacked Clark Field. The 20th was in the process of taking off when the attack came. Only 4 squadron aircraft had cleared the runway, another five were destroyed on the ground while taking off. The remaining 5 planes were destroyed by a strafing attack after the bombardment. At the time of the attack on Clark Field, four squadrons of pursuit planes were in the air, but a complete breakdown of communications occurred when the communications center at Clark was destroyed by a bomb and little more than a dozen American aircraft met the Japanese attackers, none of which could climb to the altitude of the bombers As a result, the 17th and 21st planes over Manila were not notified of the attack. The P-35s at Del Carmen Field took to the air after seeing the clouds of smoke over Clark Field, but were no match for the Japanese Zeros, which were much faster and more maneuverable. Although none were shot down, all were damaged and its use as a pursuit fighter ended.
Clark Field, the main air base on Luzon was devastated, and nearly half of Far East Air Force's aircraft were destroyed on the ground, and a third of the 24th Pursuit Group's aircraft lost in the attack. Clark Field was so heavily damaged it was essentially eliminated as an effective combat airfield.
The 3d Pursuit Squadron, which was dispatched to intercept a formation of planes over the China Sea failed to make the interception and was returning to its base at Iba. Iba, however was plotting an incoming formation and was transmitting the information to the Air Warning Center at Nielson Field. However, to a communications breakdown the 3d was unaware of the incoming formation and as they were circling Iba Field on their landing approach, 54 Japanese bombers and an unknown number of Naval dive bombers approached the field. The 3d broke the landing formation and attacked the incoming enemy aircraft. In the ensuing battle, one enemy bomber was shot down and a number of straffers were claimed to have been destroyed. The 3d lost 5 P-40s in the air. Although the 3d was unable to prevent to bombing of Iba Field, it did prevent the strafing of the ground station. After the Japanese raid, three additional P-40s were forced to crash land on the beaches after running out of fuel. The remainder of the squadron landed at the O'Donnell airport, but were forced to remain there until ammunition and gasoline were dispatched from Clark Field. Iba Field, however was completely destroyed by the enemy bombardment. Three other planes on the ground at Iba in hangars for maintenance were destroyed.
December 1941.
On 9 December shortly after midnight, telephonic communications were re-established with Headquarters, FEAF. Intelligence reported that an unidentified number of enemy aircraft were approaching from the north. A flight of six P-40s from the 17th Pursuit Squadron was dispatched from Del Carmen to intercept. However two of the aircraft were demolished on takeoff due to an accident. The remaining planes proceeded to Nichols Field but were unable to accomplish any interception of enemy aircraft in the dark. For the remainder of the day, the only activity was miscellaneous elements of Japanese ships patrolling and aircraft reconnoitering, and the night bombing of Nichols Field at 03:15.
In order to try and bring some of the units up to strength, the P-40s of the 17th were transferred to Clark Field along with some P-40s from the 3d Pursuit Squadron which were moved from Iba Field. The remainder of the 3d was sent to Nichols Field to bring the 34th with its P-35s up to strength.
On the night of the 10th, a Japanese invasion convoy was reported approaching Lingayen Bay. The 17th and 34th Pursuit Squadrons were readied to attack the convoy at daylight and furnish cover for some B-17s that were repaired and put back on the line at Clark to join in the attack. The B-17s took off with the 17th providing top cover during the attack. P-35s from the 34th failed to reach the objective due to their low speed, and only at the end of the attack did the 34th proceed to attack the convoy. Two P-35s were lost, one when the plane flew into a large explosion on a ship the aircraft attacked as the pilot was passing over it. After the attack, both squadrons returned for re-fueling and re-arming and went back on alert. Later that morning at 11:15 a warning was received of large formations of Japanese aircraft approaching from the north. The 17th was dispatched to intercept the planes over Manila Bay, the 34th was sent over Manila to cover the port area. The 21st was sent for interception over the Bataan Peninsula. Contact was made with the enemy aircraft by all three squadrons, an estimated 100+ Japanese aircraft with fighters escorting the bombers. The interceptors of the 24th were attacked by the escort Zeros and were unable to attack the bombers due to the large number of enemy fighter strength. Only two planes were able to attack the bombers, after they carried out their attacks. The other squadrons engaged in dog-fighting over Manila Bay until they were forced to land, out of gasoline.
At the end of the 10th, Group fighter strength had been reduced to about 30 aircraft, with 8 being P-35s. Due to the depleted strength of the Group, orders were received from FEAF Headquarters that pursuit planes were not to be dispatched other than upon orders from Headquarters. The planes would be employed mainly as reconnaissance aircraft to replace the 2d Observation Squadron, which was made inoperable after being mostly destroyed on the ground. Its remaining planes were unarmed and sitting ducks if attacked. 
In the days that followed, the 24th flew patrol and reconnaissance missions in various areas. The 3d and 34th squadrons were combined to cover the southern part of Luzon. The 17th and 20th were used to cover the northern part of the Island. The 21st was non-operational. However, occasional attacks were made in the course of these reconnaissance missions. Lt. Wagner, while performing a reconnaissance mission over Aparri, strafed the captured airport there and shot down four enemy aircraft in the area. The strafing also destroyed a number of aircraft on the ground. Lt Mahoney, on a reconnaissance mission over Legaspi, strafed the airport there and destroyed several enemy aircraft on the ground. He also destroyed the enemy radio station as well as a fuel dump.
With no supplies or replacements available from the United States, ground crews, with little or no spares for repairing aircraft, used parts which were cannibalized from wrecks. Essentials, such as oil, was reused, with used oil being strained though makeshift filters, and tailwheel tires were stuffed with rags to keep them usable. The aircraft which were flying and engaging the Japanese seemed to have more bullethole patches on the fuselage than original skin.
On the morning of 23 December the Japanese made a landing in San Miguel Bay along the east cost of the Lingayen Gulf. All available aircraft of the 24th were loaded with fragmentation bombs and dispatched to attack the enemy landing. Twelve P-40s and six P-35s was the entire striking force of the Group. The attack was made with a loss of two of the P-35s which were shot down by anti-aircraft fire and it proved sufficient to create confusion among enemy personnel in landing barges and around supply dumps ashore.
Spring 1942.
The ground combat situation on Luzon quickly became desperate when a second set of major landings occurred along the shore of Lamon Bay in southern Luzon. With the withdrawal from Clark Field on 20 December, the 24th used dispersed landing fields on Luzon, some little more than grass to carry on the fight. Japanese forces were rapidly advancing from both the north and south. MacArthur ordered all American and Philippine forces to withdraw to the Bataan Peninsula and all FEAF aircraft to withdraw from Clark and Nichols Fields.
Field order #4, HQ Philippines Department on 10 January 1942 appointed the ground echelons of the 24th Pursuit Group as the 2d Infantry Regiment (Provisional) of the 71st Division. The unit was ordered to establish defenses on the beach of the peninsula.
What was left of the group were based at temporary fields at Orani and Pilar in northern Bataan, and later withdrawn on 8 January to "Bataan Field," located several miles from the southern tip of the peninsula. Bataan field consisted of a dirt runway, hacked out of the jungle by Army engineers in early 1941 and lengthened after the FEAF was ordered into Bataan. However, it was well camouflaged. It was attacked and strafed daily by the Japanese, however no aircraft were lost on the ground as a result of the attacks. Bataan Field, along with airfields at Cabcaben and Mariveles were kept in operation for several months during the Battle of Bataan. The remaining pilots continued operations with the few planes that were left, cannibalizing aircraft wreckage to keep a few planes airborne in the early months of 1942.
After Bataan.
With the surrender of the United States Army on Bataan, Philippines on 8 April 1942, the remaining air echelon of the 24th Pursuit Group withdrew to Mindanao Island and began operating from Del Monte Airfield with whatever aircraft were remaining. The last of the group's aircraft were captured or destroyed by enemy forces on or about 1 May 1942. With the collapse of organized United States resistance in the Philippines on 8 May 1942, a few surviving members of the squadron managed to escape from Mindanao to Australia where they were integrated into existing units.
The 24th Pursuit Group and its squadrons were never remanned after the battle. They were simply left on the active list of Fifth Air Force organizations throughout the war. The unit and its subordinate squadrons were inactivated on 2 April 1946. Over the years, the 3d, 20th and 17th Squadrons were re-activated by the United States Air Force and currently are on active duty, but the 21st and 34th Squadrons have remained inactive.
Stations and components.
.** Far East Air Force units were ordered moved to Bataan Airfield, along with airfields at Cabcaben and Mariveles, effective 8 January 1942 – c. 8 April 1942 After the fall of Bataan, some aircraft and personnel managed to escape to Mindanao, and operate from Del Monte Airfield, c. 8 April – c. 1 May 1942
.** Unneeded Ground Echelon personnel were assigned to the 5th Interceptor Command and fought as a ground infantry unit during the Battle of Bataan 18 January – 8 April 1942
Aircraft.
Note: 52 P-35As were shipped to the Philippines during 1941. Most ex-Swedish orders and arrived in the Philippines in Swedish instruments, markings, and technical orders. There were several accidents and write-offs before the war started. These were assigned to the 4th Composite Group 3d, 17th and 20th Pursuit Squadrons. 24 were transferred to the 34th Pursuit Squadron upon its arrival at Del Carmen Field on 1 November 1941 with the rest being transferred to the Philippine Army Air Corps.
There were a total of 107 Curtiss P-40s that were assigned to the 24th Pursuit Group, most being received after the transition from the 4th Composite Group. They were a mix of P-40Bs and P-40Es, mostly Es. Also, there were several P-40E-1s that were shipped to the Philippines that were still in crates at the Manila Air Depot on 8 December 1941. It is unknown whether or not these saw service against the Japanese.

</doc>
<doc id="20903405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903405" title="Dharma (1973 film)">
Dharma (1973 film)

Dharma is a 1973 Bollywood action film directed by Chand. The film stars Pran in the title role. The rest of the cast includes Ajit and the pair Navin Nischol and Rekha. The film became a "Superhit" at the box office. It was remade into the Telugu film "Na Pere Bhagavan" (1976). 'Dharma' film is also known for its music composed by the duo of Sonik-Omi and is especially famous for the qawwali sequence between Pran and Bindu. A couple of other songs were also nicely tuned and presented.
Plot.
Chandan Singh is a dacoit living with in isolation with his followers Bhairav Singh, Mangal Singh and his wife Parvati amongst others. The police, led by Inspector Ajit Singh are fast on the track of Chandan Singh, and soon catch up with him. Chandan Singh is betrayed by his follower Bhairav Singh, who is killed by Chandan Singh, after he attempts molest Parvati. Mangal Singh shields and protects the son of Bhairav, Chaman, and both swear vengeance against Chandan Singh. Meanwhile, while escaping from the police in a boat, Ajit Singh shoots at Chandan Singh and the shot hits Parvati, who falls into the water, and her son, Suraj plunges in after her. Chandan Singh too dives in after them, but is unable to find them. Chandan Singh takes revenge on Ajit Singh's family and abducts his daughter, Radha, and Ajit's wife, Asha is killed accidentally. Years later Chandan Singh emerges as Dharma as well as Nawab Sikander, while Ajit Singh is now the Insepctor General of Police. Nawab Sikander goes to the prostitutions area and there finds Radha, who he recognizes and buys from the Madame, and brings her home, and asks Ajit Singh to be her father, to which he readily agrees as she looks just like his wife, Asha. Rajoo is a small time crook who works with Dharma, but has a change of heart when he falls in love with Radha, and swears to be a good person and through the guiding hands of his to-be father-in-law becomes a police inspector, and vows to arrest Chandan Singh. In the meantime, Mangal Singh, Chaman, and Chaman's girlfriend come upon Parvati, who lives in a temple. Chaman decides to impersonate himself as her son Suraj, and after successfully doing this he also manages to fool Dharma into believing that he is indeed their long lost son, vouched for by Mangal Singh. Will Dharma ever be apprehended by the authorities? Will Parvati ever meet her real son? What are the plans of Chaman and Mangal Singh?

</doc>
<doc id="20903408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903408" title="Khoon Khoon">
Khoon Khoon

Khoon Khoon is a 1973 Bollywood action film directed by Mohammed Hussain. The film stars Mahendra Sandhu, Danny Denzongpa, and Rekha. The film was a remake of the Clint Eastwood thriller Dirty Harry. Sandhu played a cop and Denzongpa a psychopathic killer.

</doc>
<doc id="20903414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903414" title="Kuchhe Dhaage">
Kuchhe Dhaage

Kuchhe Dhaage is a 1973 Bollywood action film directed by Raj Khosla. The film stars Vinod Khanna, Maushumi and Kabir Bedi. Laxmikant Pyarelal scored tuned lyrics penned by Anand Bakshi which were quite popular in those days. It is one of the big film of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="20903416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903416" title="David Cleevely">
David Cleevely

David Douglas Cleevely CBE, FREng, FIET (born September 1953) is an entrepreneur and international telecoms expert who has built and advised many companies, principally in Cambridge, UK.
Telecommunications.
In 1985 he founded the telecommunications consultancy Analysys which was acquired by Datatec in 2004. Whilst at Analysys he made a significant contribution to the theory and practice of calculating Universal Service Obligation costs and was involved with a report to the European Commission on VoIP creating the framework for VoIP within the EU and the identification of The Broadband Gap - where the cost of supply would exceed the price consumers were willing to pay which prompted UK Government policy intervention in 2001-2005 to force increased broadband infrastructure in the UK.
He is an authority on telecommunication policy and has advised numerous governments on policy and innovation frameworks. He advised the Prime Minister and UK Government on the ecommerce@its.best.uk report, and was one of the 8 industry experts that compiled the Communications White Paper which became the Communications Act 2003.
In 2001 he was appointed by the UK government to the Spectrum Management Advisory Group, which became the Ofcom Spectrum Advisory Board, and the IET Communications Policy Panel. He has also appeared before Select Committees in both Parliament and in the House of Lords.
Entrepreneurship.
Cleevely's entrepreneurial activities have been focused on the Cambridge area, with Business Weekly describing him as, "Intellectual heavyweight and passionate evangelist for the cluster. He has worked tirelessly to get government to understand what makes Cambridge academia and business tick."
In 1997 Cleevely co-founded Cambridge Network with Hermann Hauser, Alec Broers, Nigel Brown, Fred Hallsworth and Anthony Ross.
In 1998 he co-founded biotech company Abcam plc and was Chairman until November 2009.
In 2001 he co-founded and became chairman of Cambridge Wireless (originally Cambridge 3G) with Edward Astle. He later said of the mobile industry, “This is an industry undergoing a revolution. The competitive edge is moving from handsets to platforms, from voice to data, from services to apps. The move of the big internet players into mobile is just the beginning. The future of the industry hinges on how this will play out.”
In the same year Cleevely co-founded the Cambridge Angels, a group of angel investors who have now invested over £20m into 40 companies in the Cambridge area.
In late 2004 he co-founded the 3G pico base station company, 3WayNetworks, which was sold to Airvana in April 2007. Between 2005 and 2008 he was Chairman of the Communications Research Network at University of Cambridge, part of the Cambridge–MIT Institute.
In 2007 he co-founded and became the Chairman of the spectrum monitoring company CRFS, which has subsequently carried out the first ever UK-wide spectrum monitoring. In 2008 he also became the Chairman of the scanning ion-conductance microscopy company ionscope.
In 2009 David Cleevely became the founding Chairman for the new Centre for Science and Policy and in 2012 joined forces with Hermann Hauser and Jonathan Milner - described as the "three musketeers of the Cambridge technology cluster" - to launch a seed funding round to create a Science Centre in Cambridge. In this year he also joined the board of Raspberry Pi (Trading) Ltd.
He funded and became Chairman of the Bocca di Lupo restaurant in Soho, London in 2008, and of its subsidiary, Gelupo, in 2011. Bocca di Lupo came top in Time Out London's 50 best restaurants for 2009, was a runner-up in the Observer Food Monthly Awards 2010 and was named by Restaurant Magazine as the 23rd best restaurant in the UK at the National Restaurant Awards 2010. In 2013 he also invested in Cambridge restaurant The Pint Shop.
He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to technology and innovation.
Education and professional affiliations.
Cleevely obtained a PhD degree from Cambridge University. He is a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering, and has held an Industrial Fellowship at the University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory. He is also a Fellow of the Institute of Engineering and Technology, where he gave the IEE Pinkerton Lecture, 'Seizing the Moment: The Far Reaching Effects of Broadband on Economy and Society' in November 2002, and the 41st IEE Appleton Lecture 'Is there a future for research in telecommunications?' in January 2006 and the 46th IET Appleton Lecture 'What is the future for communications? What does it mean for the UK?' in January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20903418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903418" title="Paanch Dushman">
Paanch Dushman

Paanch Dushman is a 1973 Bollywood action film directed by Shyam Ralhan. The film stars Vinod Khanna.
It was re-released in 1983 with the name "Daulat Ke Dushman".

</doc>
<doc id="20903424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903424" title="Breathing">
Breathing

Breathing is the process that moves air in and out of the lungs or oxygen through other breathing organs such as gills. For organisms with lungs, breathing is also called ventilation, and it includes both inhalation and exhalation. Breathing is one part of physiological respiration and is required to sustain life. Aerobic organisms of these types—such as birds, mammals, and reptiles—require oxygen to release energy via cellular respiration, in the form of the metabolism of energy-rich molecules such as glucose. Breathing is only one process that delivers oxygen to where it is needed in the body and removes carbon dioxide. Another important process involves the movement of blood by the circulatory system. Gas exchange occurs in the pulmonary alveoli by passive diffusion of gases between the alveolar gas and the blood in lung capillaries. Once these dissolved gases are in the blood, the heart powers their flow around the body (via the circulatory system). The medical term for normal relaxed breathing is eupnea.
In addition to removing carbon dioxide, breathing results in loss of water from the body. Exhaled air has a relative humidity of 100% because of water diffusing across the moist surface of breathing passages and alveoli. When a person exhales into very cold outdoor air, the moisture-laden atmosphere from the lungs becomes chilled to the point where the water condenses into a fog ("seeing the breath"). 
Mechanics.
In Mammals, breathing in, or inhaling, is due to the contraction and flattening of the diaphragm, a domed muscle that separates thorax and abdomen. If the abdomen is relaxed, this contraction causes the abdomen to bulge outwards, expanding the volume of the body. This increased volume causes a fall in pressure in the thorax, which causes the expansion of the lungs. When the diaphragm relaxes air leaves largely by elasticity of the lung. This is quiet, relaxed breathing needing little energy. When need increases the abdominal muscles resist expansion. The increased abdominal pressure then tilts the diaphragm and ribcage upwards with an increase in volume and the entry of air. Expiration follows relaxation of diaphragm and abdominal muscles, but can be increased by downward action of abdominal muscles on the rib cage. This forced expiration increases pressure across the airway's walls and may lead to narrowing and perhaps to wheezing. Intercostal muscles are auxiliary, stiffening and shaping the rib cage. Speech depends on the balance between the two forms of breathing, and in humans conscious change often modifies autonomous reaction to need. The pattern can vary with fear in anticipation of need, and so with anxiety, and may be conditioned to experience such as the loss of an inhaler. It is also affected by loss of lung elasticity in age or pulmonary disease, of abdominal expansion from obesity, or of muscle power to resist expansion or to pull the ribcage down. 
Ten muscles are used for inspiration: 
Diaphragm, Intercostal Muscles, Scalenes, Pectoralis Minor, Serratus Anterior, Sternocleidomastoid, Levator Costarum, Upper Trapezius, Latissmus Dorsi, and Subclavis.
Eight are used for forced expiration:
Internal intercostal, Obliquus Internus, Obliquus Externus, Levator Ani, Triangularis Sterni, Transversalis, Pyramidalis, and Rectus Abdominus.
In amphibians, the process used is positive pressure breathing. Muscles lower the floor of the oral cavity, enlarging it and drawing in air through the nostrils (which uses the same mechanics - pressure, volume, and diffusion - as a mammalian lung). With the nostrils and mouth closed, the floor of the oral cavity is forced up, which forces air down the trachea into the lungs.
Control of breathing.
Breathing is one of the few bodily functions which, within limits, can be controlled both consciously and unconsciously.
Conscious control.
Conscious control of breathing is common in many forms of meditation, specifically forms of yoga for example pranayama. In swimming, cardio fitness, speech or vocal training, one learns to discipline one's breathing, initially consciously but later sub-consciously, for purposes other than life support. Human speech is also dependent on conscious breath control. Also breathing control is used in Buteyko method.
Unconscious control.
Unconsciously, breathing is controlled by specialized centers in the brainstem, which automatically regulate the rate and depth of breathing depending on the body’s needs at any time. When carbon dioxide levels increase in the blood, it reacts with the water in blood, producing carbonic acid. Lactic acid produced by fermentation during exercise also lowers pH. The drop in the blood's pH stimulates chemoreceptors in the carotid and aortic bodies as well as those inside the respiratory center in the medulla oblongata. Chemoreceptors send more nerve impulses to the respiration centre in the medulla oblongata and pons in the brain. These, in turn send nerve impulses through the phrenic and thoracic nerves to the diaphragm.
Examples.
For instance, while exercising, the level of carbon dioxide in the blood increases due to increased cellular respiration by the muscles, which activates carotid and aortic bodies and the respiration center, which ultimately cause a higher rate of respiration. 
During rest, the level of carbon dioxide is lower, so breathing rate is lower. This ensures an appropriate amount of oxygen is delivered to the muscles and other organs. It is important to reiterate that it is the buildup of carbon dioxide making the blood acidic that elicits the desperation for a breath much more than lack of oxygen.
Interaction.
It is not possible for a healthy person to voluntarily stop breathing indefinitely. If one does not inhale, the level of carbon dioxide builds up in the blood, and one experiences overwhelming air hunger. This irrepressible reflex is not surprising given that without breathing, the body's internal oxygen levels drop dangerously low within minutes, leading to permanent brain damage followed eventually by death. However, there have been instances where people have survived for as long as two hours without air; this is only possible when submerged in cold water, as this triggers the mammalian diving reflex as well as putting the subject into a state of suspended animation.
If a healthy person were to voluntarily stop breathing (i.e. hold his or her breath) for a long enough amount of time, he or she would lose consciousness, and the body would resume breathing on its own. Because of this one cannot commit suicide with this method, unless one's breathing was also restricted by something else (e.g. water, see drowning).
Hyperventilating causes a drop in CO2 below normal levels, lowering blood and oxygen supply to vital organs due to CO2-induced vasoconstriction and suppressed Bohr effect. Voluntary hyperventilation can cause tissue oxygen levels to go to dangerously low levels leading to, for example, fainting due to brain hypoxia.
Breathing in gas.
Components.
Oxygen is the essential component of all breathing gases.
The air we inhale is roughly composed of (by volume):
In addition to air, underwater divers often breathe oxygen-rich or helium-rich gas mixtures. Oxygen and analgesic gases are sometimes given to patients under medical care. The atmosphere in space suits is pure oxygen. Also our reliance on this relatively small amount of oxygen can cause overactivity or euphoria in pure or oxygen-rich environments.
The permanent gases in gas we exhale are 4% to 5% by volume more carbon dioxide and 4% to 5% by volume less oxygen than was inhaled. This expired air typically composed of:
Additionally vapors and trace gases are present: 5% water vapor, several parts per million (ppm) of hydrogen and carbon monoxide, 1 part per million (ppm) of ammonia and less than 1 ppm of acetone, methanol, ethanol (unless ethanol has been ingested, in which case much higher concentrations would occur in the breath, cf. Breathalyzer) and other volatile organic compounds. Oxygen is used by the body for cellular respiration and other uses, and carbon dioxide is a product of these processes. The exact amount of exhaled oxygen and carbon dioxide when breathing and the amount of gases exhaled may vary based on diet, exercise and fitness.
Air pressure.
Atmospheric air at altitude is at a lower pressure than at sea level due to the lesser weight of the air above. This lower pressure can lead to altitude sickness, or hypoxia.
Gases breathed underwater are at higher pressure than at sea level due to the added weight of water. This can lead to nitrogen narcosis, oxygen toxicity, or decompression sickness.
Cultural significance.
In t'ai chi ch'uan, aerobic training is combined with breathing to exercise the diaphragm muscles and to train effective posture, which both make better use of the body's energy. In music, breath is used to play wind instruments and many aerophones. Laughter, physically, is simply repeated sharp breaths. Hiccups, yawns, and sneezes are other breath-related phenomena.
Ancients commonly linked the breath to a life force. The Hebrew Bible refers to God breathing the breath of life into clay to make Adam a living soul (nephesh). It also refers to the breath as returning to God when a mortal dies. The terms "spirit," ""qi"," ""prana"" and "psyche" are related to the concept of breath. Also cognate are Polynesian Mana and Hebrew ruach. 
Common phrases in English relate to breathing e.g. "catch my breath", "took my breath away".

</doc>
<doc id="20903426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903426" title="Bada Kabutar">
Bada Kabutar

Bada Kabutar (meaning "Big Pigeon") is a 1973 Bollywood action comedy film produced and directed by Deven Verma.
Plot.
Mama Rampuri (Ashok Kumar) comes from a long line of criminals and is contemplating his latest for which he plans to enlist the services of his nephew Bhola (Deven Varma). Bhola however has had quite a few bad experiences with Mama and has been in and out of prison seven times trying to carry out Mama's mostly disastrous robbery plans.His mother (Leela Mishra) however doesn't listen to his pleas of wanting to live an honest life selling bananas or banyans and tries to inspire him by narrating the glorious deeds of his late father (her husband) who went to the prison no less than seventeen times and yet never complained. She has a heart ailment pretty soon which lands her in a hospital and poor Bhola needs a large amount of money for her treatment. He reluctantly joins hands with Mama who recruits club dancer Rita (Rehana Sultan) alongside his trustworthy gang members Abdul Keshto Mukherjee and others to plan the heist of kidnapping the only son of millionaire businessman cum antisocial smuggler Seth Dharamdas (Pinchoo Kapoor). There is also Mama's old nemesis Ghaffoor (Madan Puri) who tries to thwart his plans and harm him at all stages. Will Mama Rampuri and his team be able to successfully pull off the planned heist? Will Bhola be able to save his ailing mother in time or will he end up in prison for the eighth time? And why is Mama's car called Bada Kabutar (Big Pigeon) anyway? To find out, watch the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="20903427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903427" title="Do Phool">
Do Phool

Do Phool is a 1973 Bollywood comedy film directed by S. Ramanathan. The film stars Ashok Kumar, Vinod Mehra and Mehmood . The film was a remake of Tamil film "Anubavi Raja Anubavi".

</doc>
<doc id="20903429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903429" title="Honeymoon (1973 film)">
Honeymoon (1973 film)

Honeymoon is a 1973 Bollywood comedy film directed by Hiren Nag. The film stars Leena Chandavarkar and Anil Dhawan .
Two close friends, Neelu and Madhu, agree that men cannot be trusted, and as such decide to dump their current boyfriends, and marry someone else who meets with the approval of their parents. Shortly thereafter, Madhu is introduced to Chandrakant, whom she likes, and soon both are married. On their honeymoon, she meets with Neelu, who has married Deepak, also her parents' choice. Both are delighted to see other, and cannot wait to meet the others' spouse, little realizing the shock they will get when they do so.

</doc>
<doc id="20903434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903434" title="Grenadier Guards">
Grenadier Guards

The Grenadier Guards (GREN GDS) is an infantry regiment of the British Army. It is the most senior regiment of the Guards Division and, as such, is the most senior regiment of infantry. It is not, however, the most senior regiment of the Army, this position being attributed to The Life Guards. Although The Coldstream Guards were formed before The Grenadier Guards, the regiment is ranked "after" the Grenadiers in seniority as, having been a regiment of the New Model Army, the Coldstreams served the Crown for four fewer years than the Grenadiers (the Grenadiers having formed as a Royalist regiment in exile in 1656 and the Coldstreams having sworn allegiance to the Crown upon the Restoration in 1660).
The grouping of buttons on the tunic is a common way to distinguish between the regiments of Foot Guards. Grenadier Guards' buttons are equally spaced and embossed with the Royal Cypher reversed and interlaced surrounded by the Royal Garter bearing the royal motto "Honi soit qui mal y pense" (Evil be to him who evil thinks). Their "Buff Belt" brass clasps also carry the Royal Cypher. Modern Grenadier Guardsmen wear a cap badge of a "grenade fired proper" with seventeen flames. This cap badge has to be cleaned twice a day, once in the morning and once in the afternoon, as it is made from brass and a tarnished grenade is frowned upon by all in the regiment.
History.
The Grenadier Guards trace their lineage back to 1656, when Lord Wentworth's Regiment was raised in Bruges, in the Spanish Netherlands (current-day Belgium), where it formed a part of exiled King Charles II's bodyguard. A few years later, a similar regiment known as John Russell's Regiment of Guards was formed. In 1665, these two regiments were combined to form the 1st Regiment of Foot Guards, consisting of 24 companies of men. Since then The Grenadier Guards have served ten Kings and four Queens, including currently Queen Elizabeth II. Throughout the 18th century, the regiment took part in a number of campaigns including the War of Spanish Succession, the War of Austrian Succession and the Seven Years' War. At the end of the Napoleonic Wars, the regiment gained the name "Grenadier" in July 1815 following a Royal Proclamation, honouring their part in defeating Grenadiers of the French Imperial Guard at the Battle of Waterloo.
During the Victorian era, the regiment took part in the Crimean War, participating in the fighting at the Alma river, Inkerman, and Sevastopol. For their involvement in the Crimean War, four members of the 3rd Battalion received the Victoria Cross. Following this they were involved in the fighting at Battle of Tel el-Kebir during the Anglo-Egyptian War in 1882, and then the Mahdist War in Sudan, where its main involvement came at the Battle of Omdurman. During the Second Boer War, the 2nd and 3rd Battalions were deployed to South Africa where they took part in a number of battles including the Battle of Modder River and the Battle of Belmont, as well as a number of smaller actions. In 1900, 75 men from the regiment were used to raise a fourth Guards regiment, known as The Irish Guards in honour of the role that Irish regiments had played in the fighting in South Africa.
At the outbreak of the First World War in August 1914, the regiment consisted of three battalions. With the commencement of hostilities the regiment raised a service battalion, the 4th Battalion, and a reserve battalion known as the 5th (Reserve) Battalion, which was used to carry out ceremonial duties in London and Windsor during the war. The 2nd Battalion of the regiment was sent to France in August, and the 1st Battalion followed to Belgium in October. They took part in the early stages of the fighting during the period known as "Race to the Sea", during which time they were involved significantly at the First Battle of Ypres. In February 1915, a fifth Guards regiment was raised, known as The Welsh Guards. In recognition of the significant contribution Welshmen had made to The Grenadier Guards, the regiment transferred five officers and 634 other ranks to the newly formed unit. A short time later, permission was received for the formation of the Guards Division, the brainchild of Lord Kitchener, and on 18 August 1915, the division came into existence, consisting of three brigades, each with four battalions. Following this the four service battalions of the regiment fought in a number of significant battles including Loos, the Somme, Cambrai, Arras and the Hindenburg Line. Seven members of the regiment received the Victoria Cross during the war.
Following the Armistice with Germany in November 1918, the regiment returned to just three battalions which were used in a variety of roles, serving at home in the United Kingdom, as well as in France, Turkey and Egypt.
During the Second World War the regiment was expanded to six service battalions, with the re-raising of the 4th Battalion, and the establishment of the 5th and 6th Battalions. The Grenadier Guards' first involvement in the war came in the early stages of the fighting when all three regular battalions were sent to France in late 1939 as part of the British Expeditionary Force. As the BEF was pushed back by the German blitzkrieg, these battalions played a considerable role in maintaining the British Army's reputation during the withdrawal phase of the campaign before being themselves evacuated from Dunkirk. After this they returned to the United Kingdom where they undertook defensive duties in anticipation of a possible invasion. Later, in 1941, there was a need to increase the number of armoured and motorised units in the British Army and as a result the 2nd and 4th Battalions were re-equipped with tanks, while the 1st Battalion was motorised. They subsequently served in the Guards Armoured Division and 6th Guards Tank Brigade in Western Europe in 1944–45. The 3rd, 5th and 6th Battalions also served in North Africa, where they fought significant battles in the Medjez-el-Bab and along the Mareth Line, and in Italy at Salerno, Monte Camino, Anzio, and along the Gothic Line. Throughout the course of the conflict two Grenadiers received the Victoria Cross.
In June 1945, following the end of hostilities, the 2nd and 4th Battalions gave up their tanks and returned to the infantry role. The regiment returned to three battalions at this time, with the 4th and 5th Battalions being disbanded along with the 6th which had been removed from the order of battle before the end of the war. Initially, they were employed on occupation duties in Germany, however, the 3rd Battalion was deployed shortly aftwards to Palestine where they attempted to keep the peace until May 1948 when they were replaced by 1st Battalion. Further deployments came to Malaya in 1949, Tripoli in 1951 and Cyprus in 1956. In 1960, shortly after returning from Cyprus, the 3rd Battalion paraded for the last time and was subsequently placed in suspended animation. In order to maintain the battalion's customs and traditions, one of its companies, the Inkerman Company, was incorporated into the 1st Battalion.
Since the mid-1960s, the 1st and 2nd Battalions deployed to Africa, South America and Northern Ireland where they undertook peacekeeping duties. They also undertook duties as part of the NATO force stationed in Germany during the Cold War. In 1991, the 1st Battalion, which had been serving in Germany at the time, was deployed to the Middle East where it took part in the Persian Gulf War mounted in Warrior armoured personnel carriers, before returning for a six-month tour of Northern Ireland.
In 1994, under the "Options for Change" reforms, The Grenadier Guards was reduced to a single battalion. The 2nd Battalion was put into 'suspended animation', and its colours passed for safekeeping to a newly formed independent company, which was named "The Nijmegen Company". As a result of this the regiment was reduced to its current composition: one full battalion, the 1st Battalion, consisting of three rifle companies, a support company and a headquarters company, based at Wellington Barracks, London, and one independent company, The Nijmegen Company. The Queen, as Colonel-in-Chief, presented new colours to the Nijmegen Company in 2013. 
Role.
The Grenadier Guards serves as a light infantry battalion – following the reforms of 2004, this will be fixed. The regiment will alternate with The Welsh Guards in the public duties role. In recent years the 1st Battalion has deployed as part of Operation TELIC in Iraq, and Op Herrick in Afghanistan.
The Queen's Company of The Grenadier Guards traditionally provides the pallbearers for all dead monarchs.
The Grenadier Guards and other Guards regiments have a longstanding connection to The Parachute Regiment. Guardsman who have completed P Company are transferred into the Guards Parachute Platoon, which is currently attached to the 3rd Battalion, The Parachute Regiment. The Guards Parachute Platoon maintains the tradition established by the No 1 (Guards) Independent Parachute Company that was part of the original Pathfinder Group of 16th Parachute Brigade, which has since been designated as the 16th Air Assault Brigade.
Battle honours.
The 1st Foot Guards have received 79 battle honours, which they gained for their involvement in the following conflicts:
Training.
Recruits to the Guards Division go through a thirty week gruelling training programme at the Infantry Training Centre (ITC). The training is two weeks more than the training for the Regular line infantry regiments of the British Army; the extra training, carried out throughout the course, is devoted to drill and ceremonies.
Junior Soldiers going through the 'Army Foundation College' at Harrogate will complete a 42 week phase 1 training course, and will then go on to complete a further 15 weeks at the Infantry Training Centre at Catterick.
Following graduation from the ITC, all guardsmen are assigned to Nijmegen Company for additional training and orientation before being posted to the 1st Battalion.
Officers attend the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst for the forty-four week commissioning course, followed by the Platoon Commanders Battle Course in Brecon. Upon commission into the Grenadiers an officer becomes a platoon commander in the 1st Battalion and after two years will either be posted to Nijmegen Company for ceremonial duties or to ITC Catterick to train new guardsmen.
Colonels-in-Chief.
The Grenadier Guards' various colonels-in-chief have generally been the British monarchs, including Edward VII, George V, Edward VIII, George VI, and currently Elizabeth II.
Colonels.
The following is a list of individuals who have served in the role of colonel of the regiment:
Marches.
The Regimental Slow March is the march "Scipio", from the opera of the same name by George Frideric Handel, inspired by the exploits of the Roman General Scipio Africanus. The first performance of "Scipio" was in 1726. Handel actually composed the eponymous slow march for the First Guards, presenting it to the regiment before he added it to the score of the opera. The Quick March is "The British Grenadiers".
Football.
Both the 2nd Grenadier Guards F.C. and the 3rd Grenadier Guards F.C. enjoyed considerable success in the London League, playing against the likes of West Ham United.
Cadet Force.
There are a number of cadet units that are associated with The Grenadier Guards.
Order of precedence.
The Grenadier Guards is the most senior regiment of the Infantry in the British Army

</doc>
<doc id="20903435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903435" title="Naya Nasha">
Naya Nasha

Naya Nasha is a 1973 Bollywood action film directed by Hari Dutt. The film stars Nanda and Madan Puri.

</doc>
<doc id="20903439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903439" title="Black Mail (1973 film)">
Black Mail (1973 film)

Black Mail is a 1973 Bollywood thriller film directed by Vijay Anand. The film stars Dharmendra, Raakhee, Madan Puri, and Shatrughan Sinha.
Plot.
Dr. Khurana, an eccentric scientist, discovers a formula to generate electricity from sun light. This discovery makes him very popular, and his formula very much in demand, while local businessman, Mr. Mehta, feels threatened - as this may means losses and eventual bankruptcy. Mehta and his associate, Jeevan, who is also his daughter's (Asha) sweetheart, connive a plan to get Asha married to Dr. Khurana's nephew, Kailash Gupta; inherit part of the estate as well as the business along with the formula; and thereby eliminate their potential bankruptcy. Their only problem is Asha, who may not cooperate, so a drama is arranged between Jeevan and her, which leads to Jeevan backing away from any marriage plans and going to settle in Europe. Asha thus agrees to marry Kailash, who has fallen head over heels in love with her. The marriage takes place, but there are misunderstandings in their lives on the very first night as Kailash feels that Asha is hiding something from him, and secretly meeting someone during odd hours of the night. Will the formula be compromised? Is Asha a part of Jeevan and her dad's plot? Who is Asha meeting at odd times?
Music.
The film has many hit songs. "Pal Pal Dil Ke Paas Tum Rehti Ho" sung by Kishore Kumar is one of the best songs. Other songs are "Mile Mile Do Badan, Khile Khile Do Chaman" and "Sharbati Teri Aankho Ki, Jheel Si Gehraii Mein, Main Doob Doob Doob Jata Hoon" sung by Kishore Kumar. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903442" title="Gehri Chaal">
Gehri Chaal

Gehri Chaal is a 1973 Bollywood thriller film directed by C.V. Sridhar. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan, Jeetendra and Hema Malini .
Plot.
Dharamchand is the Chair of Olympic Bank, which is due for a final audit by the 30th of the month. Shortly thereafter, his daughter, Hema, finds his dead body in the bank, is unable to repay it, and hence is killing himself. Ratan decides to protect the good name of the family and does not tell anyone about the suicide note to anyone, including Hema. Shortly thereafter, Ratan is approached by a blackmailer named Shekhar, who threatens to expose Ratan's secret if Ratan does not participate in a bank robbery that will take place two days before the final audit. Ratan assists him, the robbery takes place, the money is looted, all bank records are burnt, and the robbers make a successful getaway. Ratan is relieved that his problem has been resolved and the family name is not tarnished. The only problem is that Hema saw the robbers in action, and is able to identify one of them, a woman named Shobha. When she tells Ratan, he asks her to keep this information a secret. Then Ratan's friend, Sagar, arrives from Delhi for a visit, and it is here that Ratan will find out that Sagar is in a profession that has made him a suspect with the police, and may rip open the secret that Ratan has been trying to hide from the world.
This was one of Amitabhs very early movies when he was struggling much before Zanjeer had happened. Despite having a supporting role with grey shades he completely overshadowed Jeetendra who was actually suppose to be the films main hero. Years later several attempts were made to bring the two together like in Manmohan Desai's Naseeb (1981), Desh Premee (1982) and Ganga Jamuna Saraswati (1988). Ramesh Sippy also initially wanted to rope in Jeetendra for Jackies role in Akayla (1990). All these movies were only made with Amitabh in the end.

</doc>
<doc id="20903445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903445" title="Joshila">
Joshila

Joshila (; translation: spirited) is a 1973 Bollywood thriller film directed by Yash Chopra. The film stars Dev Anand, Raakhee and Hema Malini.
Plot.
Jailor Manmohan Krishan is responsible for looking after convicts undergoing sentences of rigorous imprisonment. He has a young, beautiful and captive daughter named Shalini. Shalini is a poet, one day while reciting her poetry, she meets with a young man, who introduces himself as Amar, who also happens to be a poet himself. The two of them spend beautiful moments together and finds themselves attracted to each other. Shalini wants to find out why Amar is in jail. She is told in no uncertain terms that Amar is in jail for murder - for killing the brother of his former lover, Sapna. She also found out that this is not true and would strive to the best of her merit to get Amar release from jail because she is in love with him and would like to marry him.

</doc>
<doc id="20903449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903449" title="Maha Sati Savitri">
Maha Sati Savitri

Maha Sati Savitri is a 1973 Bollywood fantasy film directed by Chandrakant. The film stars Jayshree Gadkar and Upendra Trivedi.

</doc>
<doc id="20903451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903451" title="Mehmaan">
Mehmaan

Mehmaan is a 1973 Bollywood crime film directed by Kotayya Pratyagatma
. The film stars Rekha and Leela Chitwas .

</doc>
<doc id="20903478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903478" title="Philip J. K. James">
Philip J. K. James

Philip James (born June 30, 1978) is a British entrepreneur and adventurer living in New York. He is currently riding his motorcycle around the world raising money for Wine To Water, a water charity that supports projects in 15 countries. He is also the founding CEO of Lot18, a private sale site for wine and food, and was formerly the founding CEO of Snooth, a comparison shopping internet site for wine.
Career.
Philip was the founding CEO of Lot18, a website that provides consumers with access to a curated selection of wines. Lot18 is headquartered in New York City, and is backed by $45 million in venture capital from Accel, NEA and FirstMark Capital.
Prior to Lot18, Philip was the founding CEO of Snooth, a lifestyle media company with several properties, including Snooth.com, TheSpir.it and WhatsCook.in. Philip is also a founder of Popdust, a music focused content and commerce company backed by RRE, NEA, Lerer Ventures, Softbank, Raptor and Project A.
Philip was named a Finalist in the 2012 Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year awards and to Business Insider’s 2011 “Silicon Alley 100” list of the most important figures in the New York tech sector. He was also invited to be in the second annual class of NYC Venture Fellows, a program from Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s office that recognizes the achievements of the city’s entrepreneurs.
Philip graduated from Oxford University in 1999 with a Masters in Chemistry and Columbia Business School in 2005 with his MBA. In addition he holds the Certified Specialist of Wine from the Society of Wine Educators.
Expeditions.
In addition to the current motorcycle expedition, Philip is also a mountaineer and a sailor. A certified Yachtmaster, Philip has sailed in many offshore races, including the Trans-Atlantic ARC race in 2002. He has also climbed on five continents and climbed Mount Everest in 2003 and played a role in the high altitude rescue of Conan Harrod from Everest's North Face.
Charity.
In addition to his current personal work with Wine to Water, Charity: Water is the official charity of Lot18. Also in 2002 Philip worked for several months as a volunteer teacher in La Paz, Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="20903487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903487" title="Flak (Transformers)">
Flak (Transformers)

Flak is a fictional character from the various Transformers universes.
Transformers: Generation 1.
Flak is a Micromaster. He is a tactical expert who works for Big Shot. Oddly he is also a full-sized Autobot who works for Thunderclash.
Marvel Comics.
Events from the Marvel U.K. Transformers series are in "italics".
"When Thunderwing abducts the Micromaster Battle Patrol to learn the secrets of making Micromasters for the Decepticons Emirate Xaaron sends Road Handler commanding the Race Car Patrol, the Rescue Patrol and the Off Road Patrol to destroy the Decepticon's lab. Unable to destroy his fellow Autobots Road Handler instead saves the Battle Patrol, but not before the Decepticon successfully create the Air Strike Patrol. (Transformers Marvel U.K. #232-233, "A Small War!")"
"Flak appeared among the Autobots under the command of Rodimus Prime in the alternate future story "Aspects of Evil 2" from Marvel U.K. Transformers #224. In this story Rodimus Prime remembered how Galvatron, Crankcase, Ruckus and Windsweeper killed Blurr and then attacked Rodimus Prime, Kup, Arcee and the Battle Patrol. Enraged, Rodimus nearly killed Galvatron, but to keep the Matrix from being contaminated by hatred he relented. Oddly the Micromaster Battle Patrol was depicted as being full-sized Autobots in this story." 
"Flak appeared in Marvel U.K. Transformers #251 "The Void!" where he was among the Autobot crew of a ship commanded by Rodimus Prime which was retreating from Cybertron."
Animated series.
Flak (as Powerbomb) was among the Autobot Micromasters defending the base on Planet Zone when the nine Decepticon generals attacked in "". He then traveled to Earth to fight them when they tried to steal the Zodiac. He was among the Autobot present when Dai Atlas was appointed the new supreme commander.
Condor Verlag.
In a story called "By their Blasters you shall know them ...!" from "Transformers Comic-Magazin" issue #12 by German comic publisher Condor Verlag Optimus Prime instructs Backstreet, Bumblebee and Ruckus on how to identify Autobots from Decepticons in battle using the Ark's computer. The Battle Patrol is one of those he displays to the Autobots. In the story they are identified as Decepticons.
Dreamwave Productions.
Flak first appeared in issue #1 of the Dreamwave "Micromasters" series among the Battle Patrol under the command of Big Shot. The patrol later appeared in issue #3.
Flak had a biography printed in Dreamwave Productions "More Than Meets The Eye" series.
IDW Publishing.
Flak was among the Micromasters who appeared in "Spotlight: Hardhead" who attacked Nightbeat and Hardhead on the planet Gorlam Prime.
Fun Publications.
He was a member of the crew of the Autobot ship Eight Track under the command of Thunderclash. In the early day of the last great Cybertronian war the Eight Track was ordered by Autobot commander Magnum to recover the secret cargo of the Autobot ship Van de Graaff, which had been downed by unknown forces, before the Decepticons could gain the cargo for themselves. Crashing on the planet Beta-Nine the Autobots encountered a Decepticon Skyraider force led by Banzai-Tron. During the battle Flak was nearly defeated by Leozack, but was saved by Landshark. The Autobots were recovered and brought the cargo back to Magnum. They were awarded with the honor of becoming the first members of the Autobot Elite Guard.
The Elite Guard Alpha Team and Strike Team did battle against a horde of ferrovorous bugs in one of Cybertron's city-states. Magnum then ordered the Strike Team to escort the Alpha Team to Space Port Bravo for their next mission. The Strike Team then reported to Magnum and Sentinel Major, who introduced them to the new Elite Guard Special-Ops Team, also called the Combaticons.
Thunderclash's Elite Guard squad reported to Magnum after the Combaticons killed most of the Guard. They attempted to show the Council that the Elite Guard was still functional, but arrived just as Optimus Prime was appointed the new commander of the Autobots.
Flak is among the Autobots present when Megatron attacks Iacon with his new weapon, Devastator.
Transformers.
Flak is an Autobot warrior who has yet to test his unusual tactics in the battlefield.

</doc>
<doc id="20903489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903489" title="Adolph Germer">
Adolph Germer

Adoph F. Germer (1881–1966) was an American socialist political functionary and union organizer. He is best remembered as National Executive Secretary of the Socialist Party of America from 1916 to 1919. It was during this period that the Left Wing Section of the Socialist Party emerged as an organized faction. Germer was instrumental as one of the leaders of the SPA's "Regular" faction in orchestrating a series of suspensions, expulsions, and "reorganizations" of various Left Wing states, branches, and locals and thereby controlling the pivotal 1919 Emergency National Convention of the SPA, and thus forcing the Left Wing to establish new organizations of their own, the Communist Labor Party of America and the Communist Party of America.
Biography.
Early years.
Adolph F. Germer was born January 15, 1881 in Welan, East Prussia, Germany the son of a miner. Germer emigrated to the United States with his family in December 1888 and attended public school in Braceville, Illinois. He also attended a Lutheran parochial school and completed his high school coursework via correspondence school. Germer also did course work at LaSalle Extension University.
Germer went to work in the mines like his father at a very early age, first working as a trapper at a coal mine near Stauton, Illinois, at age 11. He was a member of the United Mine Workers of America (UMWA) from 1894.
Germer escaped a life in the mines by working as a union official. He was elected Secretary of UMWA Local 728 in 1906 and its state legislative committeeman in 1907. That same year he was elected a sub-district vice president of the union. The next year he was elected secretary-treasurer of the sub-district of the UMWA, a position which he retained until 1912. That final year he was also elected representative of the United Mine Workers to the World Miners' Congress in Amsterdam.
Political career.
Germer joined the Social Democratic Party of America, forerunner of the Socialist Party of America (SPA) in 1900.
In 1912 Germer was a candidate of the SPA for the Illinois legislature.
In 1913, Germer was elected to the governing National Executive Committee of the Socialist Party. At that same time, he worked as an organizer for the UMWA. In December of that year, Germer was arrested while getting off a train at Walsenberg, Colorado, the site of an ongoing mine strike. Germer was held incommunicado in the local jail for nearly a week in solitary confinement and his papers searched. HIs wife, Mabel Germer, was also briefly arrested. Upon his release, Germer continued to work as a UMWA organizer in the bitterly fought Colorado coal strike.
In 1914 Germer was elected Vice President of the Illinois Mine Workers, the state affiliate of the UMWA. He also ran for United States Senate from Illinois as a Socialist in the fall of that year.
From 1916 through 1919, Germer served as National Executive Secretary of the Socialist Party of America, being twice elected by referendum votes of the party membership. Ironically, his 1916 victory over Carl D. Thompson was made possible by staunch support from the SPA's language federations, many branches of which voted for Germer "en bloc," enabling him to defeat the more conservative Thompson.
A staunch antimilitarist and unflinching adherent of the party's anti-World War policies established at its 1917 Emergency National Convention held in St. Louis, Germer was indicted in Chicago by a grand jury under the Espionage Act on Feb. 2, 1918. This secret indictment was made public on March 9 and a trial of Germer and 4 other top members of the Socialist Party began before Judge Kenesaw Mountain Landis on Dec. 6, 1918. The trial ended Jan. 4, 1919, and on the 9th day of that same month the jury found Germer and his associates (Victor L. Berger, J. Louis Engdahl, Irwin St. John Tucker, and William F. Kruse) guilty. Landis sentenced each to 20 years in the Federal penitentiary, a sentence which was appealed and later overturned on the basis of judicial bias.
Germer was freed on $25,000 bail pending appeal, a sum ironically put up by a man who was soon to be a political nemesis, the milliionaire Left Wing Socialist William Bross Lloyd.
Germer was instrumental in guiding the National Executive Committee in 1919, a group which invalidated the party elections of that year on charges of electoral fraud, and which suspended a number of language federations and reorganized state organizations for purported violations of the SPA's national constitution. It was Germer who organized a caucus of loyal SPA Regulars prior to the opening of the convention on Aug. 30, 1919, and Germer who gaveled that gathering open.
After the bitter 1919 convention, Germer resigned his post as Executive Secretary of the SPA and was replaced by his friend Otto Branstetter. Germer continued to draw a salary from the SPA, working as a National Organizer for the party from October 1919 through 1920. In that year he left the nearly bankrupt national party to work for the relatively more prosperous Local New York as an organizer, a position which he retained through 1922. Germer was also Assistant Secretary of Local New York, working under his friend and ally Julius Gerber from August 1921.
In November 1921, Germer stood as a Socialist candidate for the New York State Assembly in the 16th A.D.
After the 1921 election, Germer moved to Massachusetts, where he served as State Secretary of the Socialist Party of Massachusetts, starting in December. He remained in that position until some time the next year.
Return to union organizing.
Thereafter, he left the employment of the Socialist Party, obtaining a job as a worker in the oil industry in California in 1923, where he was a member of the Oil Field, Gas Well and Refinery Workers Union. He later worked as an organizer for that union.
Germer was active in the 1924 Presidential campaign of Robert M. LaFollette.
In 1926, Germer returned to Chicago, where he worked for a large real estate firm, remaining in that occupation until the onset of the depression in 1930.
In 1930, Germer was elected a vice president of the reorganized United Mine Workers of America. The following year, he returned to his hometown of Mt. Olive, Illinois and went to work again as a miner until the mine was closed due to the economic downturn.
In June 1931, Germer took a position as editor of the "Rockford Labor News," remaining in that role until the end of 1933.
In November 1935, Germer was appointed by John L. Lewis as the first field representative for the Congress of Industrial Organizations. It this capacity, Germer was a participant in the organizing campaigns and strike activities of the auto and rubber workers of the upper Midwest. Germer was particularly important as a key organizer in the 1937 United Auto Workers strike against General Motors.
Germer officially retired from the AFL-CIO on April 1, 1955, but he continued to serve the organization on special assignments.
Death and legacy.
After retirement, Germer moved back home to Illinois, dying in Rockford, IL in May 1966.
The main part of Germer's papers are held by the State Historical Society of Wisconsin located at Madison and are available on microfilm. Another smaller assortment, relating to his activity from 1945 to 1947 with the World Federation of Trade Unions, reposes at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.
An oral history interview was conducted with Germer on his experience as a United Auto Workers organizer in 1959. That material rests at the Reuther Library of Wayne State University, located in Detroit, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20903510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903510" title="The Story of The Who">
The Story of The Who

The Story of The Who is a 2 LP compilation album from The Who. The album was released in the U.K. in September 1976. The album reached number two in the UK charts. Another version of this collection with a different track listing was also released in Japan. This collection has not been released on CD.
Track listing.
All songs written by Pete Townshend except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20903512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903512" title="Buffalo, Pittsburgh and Western Railroad">
Buffalo, Pittsburgh and Western Railroad

The Buffalo, Pittsburgh and Western Railroad was a Three foot gauge railways narrow gauge railroad in western New York. On January 22, 1881, the Pittsburgh, Titusville & Buffalo Railway Company merged with the Buffalo, Pittsburgh and Western Railway Company, the Salamanca, Bradford and Allegheny River Railroad Company, the Salamanca, Bradford and Allegheny River Railroad Company of New York, and the Titusville and Oil City Railway Company to form the Buffalo, Pittsburgh and Western Railroad Company, which was standard gauged from 1883 to 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="20903513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903513" title="Regensburg–Passau railway">
Regensburg–Passau railway

The Regensburg–Passau railway forms a key transport link from Germany to Austria and other southeast European countries and is one of the most important main lines in southern Germany. It is double-tracked and electrified throughout.
History.
It was the Bavarian state that first wanted to establish a main line from Regensburg to Passau and initiated plans accordingly, but for financial reasons its actual construction was given to a private company. The Bavarian Eastern Railway Company or "Bayerische Ostbahn" opened the first section from Regensburg to Sünching on 12 December 1859. From Sünching the line swung away to Geiselhöring in the valley of the Kleinen Laaber, where trains continued on to Landshut and Munich. Trains to Passau had to change direction before they could continue to Straubing. After 20 September 1860 the route, getting ever closer to the Danube, continued from Straubing via Plattling and Vilshofen as far as the border city of Passau. On 1 September 1861 the railway line was finally connected to the Austrian Empress Elisabeth Railway with its access to Linz and Vienna.
On 1 July 1873 a direct route from Sünching to Straubing was opened, which considerably shortened the distance travelled. Similarly, from 6 August 1873, trains from Munich to Landshut could take a shorter route via Eggmühl and Neufahrn, which branched off the old line at Obertraubling. Between 1880 and 1897 the now superfluous section from Sünching to Geiselhöring was closed and later the one from Perkam to Straubing, after the link from Perkam to Radldorf was built in 30 September 1896, which formed a junction with the main line.
The entire route came under the control of the Royal Bavarian State Railways on 10 May 1875 when the Ostbahn was transferred into state ownership.
Operations.
Today.
Since the timetable change on 9 December 2007 a total of six pairs of modern ICE-T trains have worked the line at two-hourly intervals along with one Intercity pair of trains per day. The IC pair starts and ends at Passau, the ICE trains run on to Vienna. The long-distance stops are Regensburg, Plattling and Passau.
"Regional-Express" and "Regionalbahn" trains run hourly providing local services between Passau and Plattling and stopping at Vilshofen and Osterhofen. The "Regional-Express" trains run from Plattling directly to Munich. "Regionalbahn" trains also run hourly (two hourly at weekends) between Plattling and Regensburg, which continue to Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz and are sometimes connected through to and from Passau.
The future of passenger services.
"Munich–Landshut–Plattling–Passau (Danube-Isar Express)"
From the timetable change on 13 December 2009 the "Danube-Isar Express" will work part of the line. This is a "Regional-Express" route, which links Munich to Landshut, Plattling and Passau hourly and will stop at the remaining passenger stations on the route no. KBS 880, i.e. Plattling, Osterhofen, Vilshofen and Passau. It will replace all the previous "Regionalbahn" train services between Plattling and Passau.

</doc>
<doc id="20903533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903533" title="Denkaosan Kaovichit">
Denkaosan Kaovichit

Denkaosan Kaovichit Denkaosan Redbull Gym. Denkaosan Singwangcha (Thai: เด่นเก้าแสน เก้าวิชิต; born, August 23, 1976) is a professional boxer from Thailand, the interim WBA Super Flyweight World champion and former WBA Flyweight World champion. He is also a Muslim.
Career history.
Kaovichit began fighting professionally in 1996. After achieving an undefeated streak of 21 victories, he challenged Eric Morel for WBA flyweight championship on October 12, 2002. But after being knocked down twice in the 11th round, the referee stopped the bout. This was his first-ever defeat.
After winning 20 consecutive matches, Kaovichit got another on the same title. This time, it was against Takefumi Sakata on November 4, 2007. The match, however, resulted in a draw.
Following 5 wins in a row, he got a third shot at the title. Kaovichit battled Sakata again on December 31, 2008 and exacted revenge. He won the championship by besting the Japanese fighter in just two rounds.
On his first defense of that title which was held in his homeland, Kaovichit escaped with a narrow split decision against Hiroyuki Hisataka on May 26, 2009.
Kaovichit won his second title defense on October 6, 2009 by a majority decision over Daiki Kameda.

</doc>
<doc id="20903542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903542" title="Josef Smolka">
Josef Smolka

Josef Smolka (born March 22, 1939) is a Czech former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Troubky, Přerov District.
In 1968 he was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. He played seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20903551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903551" title="Theo Sommer">
Theo Sommer

Theo Sommer (born 10 June 1930 in Konstanz, Republic of Baden) is a German newspaper editor and intellectual. He has been at "Die Zeit" since 1958, rising to Editor-in-Chief and Publisher. He is considered one of Germany's foremost authorities on international relations and strategic issues.
Life and career.
Born in Konstanz, Sommer grew up in Schwäbisch Gmünd and was educated at a National Political Institutes of Education. He attended Manchester College in Indiana and the University of Chicago, then earned a Ph.D. from the University of Tübingen.
At "Die Zeit", he became Foreign Editor in 1958, Deputy Editor in 1968; Editor-in-Chief in 1973; Publisher in 1992; and became an Editor-at-Large in 2000.
Since 2004 Sommer is Editor-at-Large for the publishment Times Media, which includes the newspapers The Atlantic Times, The German Times, The Asia-Pacific Times and The African Times. He also served as Chief of Planning Staff for the German Ministry of Defence in 1969 to 1970 and is currently and Advisory Board member for the Institute for Historical Justice and Reconciliation. He is a former member of the Steering Committee of the Bilderberg Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20903552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903552" title="Worldwide LaRouche Youth Movement">
Worldwide LaRouche Youth Movement

The Worldwide LaRouche Youth Movement (WLYM or LYM) and the LaRouche Political Action Committee (LaRouche PAC or LPAC) are part of the political organization of controversial American political figure Lyndon LaRouche. The LYM's "war room" is in Leesburg, Virginia, also the headquarters of LPAC. The LaRouche Youth Movement describes itself as an international political movement of young adults, led by Lyndon LaRouche, who promote the revival of classical humanist thought, organize politically to establish a new world economic system based on the power of human creativity to increase the power of the human individual in relation to the universe, and fight for a physical economy which can promote the general welfare of humanity, to develop and move towards better living conditions.
LaRouche Youth Movement.
History.
Barbara Boyd, spokesperson for the LYM and treasurer of LPAC, says that LYM was founded in 2000. According to Harley Schlanger, a LaRouche spokesperson, LYM's first major campaign was during the 2003 recall of California Governor Gray Davis, when it distributed over a million leaflets across the country, opposing the recall and depicting Arnold Schwarzenegger alongside Adolf Hitler. They also distributed tens of thousands of other pamphlets in California.
In a 2004 article in the University of California, Berkeley independent student newspaper, "The Daily Californian", reporter David Cohn described the local chapter of the LYM as "30 college-aged youths" who spent several hours each day undergoing instruction provided by the LaRouche organization. One member, 23-year-old Jason Ross, told Cohn that he had dropped out of Stanford University in his junior year to join the movement. "We are in a complete breakdown of the financial system and we know that. We can use our time in a more appropriate manner than going to school," he said. Cohn also talked to three other members who had all quit school to join the movement. "The Daily Californian" reported the movement's numbers as "about 100 young people from Los Angeles to Oakland" who "travel to dozens of college campuses aggressively recruiting members and not hesitating to ask newcomers to quit school". As a result of the Internet, there are active chapters in nations like Japan where LaRouche has no official organization. The LYM has also expanded its activity into the African nations of South Africa, Zimbabwe, and Mozambique.
Democratic Party involvement.
LYM members have been active in the Democratic Party at the state and local levels. In 2006, LaRouche Youth Movement activist and Los Angeles County Democratic Central Committee member Cody Jones was honored as "Democrat of the Year" for the 43rd Assembly District of California, by the Los Angeles County Democratic Party. At the April 2007, California State Democratic Convention, LYM activist Quincy O'Neal was elected vice-chairman of the California State Democratic Black Caucus, and Wynneal Innocentes was elected corresponding secretary of the Filipino Caucus. O'Neal is also president of the LYM's Democratic Party Club, the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Legacy Club, which is affiliated with the California Democratic Council. In March 2010, LaRouche Youth leader Kesha Rogers won the Democratic congressional primary in Houston, Texas' 22nd District.
Pedagogy and campaigns.
LaRouche is highly critical of contemporary college curricula, and has designed his own pedagogy for members of his youth movement, which he describes as "the reliving of the crucial discoveries of universal physical-scientific principle by, successively, the ancient Pythagoreans and Plato and the modern science of Johannes Kepler," combined with the performance of classical vocal music, particularly Johann Sebastian Bach's "Jesu Meine Freude." They spend time in what are called "Monge brigades," which emphasize readings of Vladimir Vernadsky, Alexander Hamilton, Carl Gauss and Bernhard Riemann. The LaRouche Youth have been assisted around the U.S. in performance workshops on classical music, as well as African-American spirituals, by well known musicians William Warfield and Sylvia Olden Lee, and in drama performance by actor Robert Beltran.
The LYM has disrupted university lectures to distribute their material. On October 23, 2006, a group of LaRouche Youth Movement members twice disrupted a Connecticut U.S. Senate debate between Alan Schlesinger, Ned Lamont, and Joseph Lieberman. According to "The Day", as Joe Lieberman spoke, the hecklers "sang a harmonized ode targeting Vice President Dick Cheney, which, according to the group's website, is unofficially titled 'The Fat-Ass Nazi Song'."
During the election campaign of 2006, the LYM came into conflict with organizations including the Ayn Rand Institute, which the LYM accused of promoting genocide in speeches by its representatives at various campuses. LYM members confronted Institute executive director Yaron Brook at various universities across the US, heckling him and calling his policies "fascist". In one case, at the University of California, Irvine, 15 LYM members, some of whom violently resisted, were arrested.
LYM members frequently combine political activity with choral music performance. They sang outside the Democratic Party Convention in Boston in 2004, and in 2007 they performed choral music with lyrics about impeaching Dick Cheney in classrooms at Harvard and Boston University.
During 2007, LYM members have been seen in on the streets, campuses and conferences emphasizing two issues in particular: a call by LaRouche for the impeachment of Dick Cheney, and the assertion that the theory of human-caused global warming is a fraud motivated by Malthusianism. On this latter issue, LYM have confronted Al Gore on several occasions at his public events. In the Philippines, LYM members debated a variety of spokespersons for the Global Warming theory. In Argentina, LYM leader Betiana Gonzalez disrupted Gore's speech at a Biofuels conference. A similar incident took place earlier in the year in Montreal, Canada.
In November 2007, the LYM launched a campaign against social networking websites such as MySpace and Facebook, with the mass distribution of the pamphlet "The Noosphere vs. The Blogosphere: Is the Devil in Your Laptop?" The pamphlet says that Rupert Murdoch, owner of MySpace, and Microsoft, owner of Facebook (Microsoft owns only 2.5% of Facebook), are involved in social engineering to destroy the cognitive powers and potential for political leadership among young people. It also attacks Wikipedia in similar terms.
TIME magazine's coverage of Kesha Rogers' campaign says that "The LYM espouses LaRouche opposition to free trade and 'globalism' (the UN, the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund) and it also calls for a return to a humanist classical education, emphasizing the works of Plato and Leibniz."
Criticism and accusations.
Journalists, former members and law enforcement officials have made a wide variety of accusations of the LaRouche organizations, including a Scotland Yard report that called them a political cult. In 2006, college officials in Boston told a reporter that the LYM was one of the two leading high-pressure groups on area campuses, and that it engaged in strong-arm tactics to induce students to leave college and help recruit new members. Boyd called the charges "gossip" and said the movement was working "for ideas and real policies" and was a "youth movement in the Democratic Party". Investigative journalist and LaRouche biographer Dennis King has described the founding of the WLYM by LaRouche as a way of maintaining his legacy after his death by " back to his roots, the roots of his movement in the radical campus movement in the late 1960s." Avi Klein of the "Washington Monthly" describes this as an element of a campaign LaRouche created to blame the "first generation" of his own movement for fundraising failures, and to appeal to young members by channeling "the rage new acolytes felt toward their parents at a nearby, internal enemy".
Jeremiah Duggan.
After spending six days at a Schiller Institute conference and LYM cadre school in Germany, 22-year-old Jeremiah Duggan, a Jewish student from London who was studying in Paris, was believed to have run onto a busy road in what the British coroner called a "state of terror," and was killed. The German police investigation concluded that it was a suicide. A private forensic consultant said that he had found evidence of serious assault with a blunt instrument, but no public authorities have given credence to this claim. A LaRouche spokesman has said the young man killed himself because he was disturbed. In October 2004, a British inquest into Duggan's death heard allegations from his mother that LYM and the Schiller Institute may have used brainwashing techniques on her son to persuade him to join the movement.
Michael Winsted.
An ex-member of the LaRouche youth movement has asserted that the LaRouche Youth Movement calls parents "brainwashed baby boomers." Ex-member Michael Winsted says that although members are convinced that they are involved in important political work, the job of most members is only to collect money and recruit more members. He says that group leaders "were constantly asking us if we would die for these ideas" and that members that become critical or disillusioned by the movement often become the focus of brutal psychological attacks by the other members, including accusations of having "mother issues," of homosexuality, sexual deviance, and allegiance to anti-LaRouche conspiracies. They are often encouraged and even led by the group's managers. Winsted recounts:
I'm caught off-guard, like, what the hell just happened?...The yelling goes on for maybe five or 10 minutes while I'm furiously backpedaling...They call it making somebody a self-conscious organizer...It is about getting somebody to break down and cry, just to have an emotional collapse. Once you do that, then people are malleable.
Jeffrey Steinberg, a top security aide in the LaRouche movement, responded by portraying Michael Winsted as an agent of the "Washington Post" who "briefly infiltrated the Baltimore chapter of the LYM".
LaRouche PAC.
The Lyndon LaRouche Political Action Committee was previously registered with the Federal Election Commission as "FDR PAC" and by "Spannaus in '96". In 2000, LaRouche's FDR PAC made news when, forbidden from soliciting on U.S. Post Office property, it demanded that the Salvation Army be treated the same way. As of 2002, Nancy Spannaus was the executive director of the PAC.
LPAC and LYM members targeted Senator Joe Lieberman's reelection campaign in 2006. At one campaign appearance three members sang loudly "If you want a third world war, vote for Joe, Bill Buckley's whore".
In 2007, two associated of LPAC, Robert Lucero and Tony DeFranco, were escorted off Post Office property in Naperville, Illinois, by police. The two were carrying signs calling President George W. Bush as "dumb" and calling for the impeachment of Vice President Dick Cheney.
During his 2007 campaign for the New Jersey General Assembly, Gordon M. Johnson's contributions to LPAC became a subject of criticism. Johnson reportedly made seven contributions in 2005 and 2006 totalling $1,850. He apologized repeatedly, saying he regretted that he was not "aware of the LaRouche record of anti-Semitism" and was asking for the contributions to be refunded.
LPAC members promoted LaRouche's "Homeowners and Bank Protection Act" in 2009. One report says the act "would establish a federal agency that would place federal- and state-chartered banks under protection, freeze all existing home mortgages for a period of time, adjust mortgage values to fair prices, restructure existing mortgages at appropriate interest rates, and write off speculative debt obligations of mortgage-backed securities". According to one opponent, Congressman Paul E. Kanjorski, on closer inspection the act "calls for seizure by the government" of all U.S banks.
In 2009 LPAC members were noted for their posters which depicted Barack Obama with a Hitler-style toothbrush mustache. They asked pedestrians "Do you want to stop Obama from killing people?" and "Want to fire our Nazi president?" The posters led to violent reactions from passersby, including one man who had lost family members in World War II. LPAC spokesperson Nancy Spannaus said that the posters were an "honest emblem of what the administration policy represents". A 2009 report says that the LPAC website, Larouchpace.com, appeared to have deliberately copied the look of the Barackobama.com website, though the contents were entirely different. The LPAC website reportedly contained satires of Democratic Party leaders and an attack of wind power.
Following complaints from customers, Kroger, a national grocery store chain, received an injunction in 2009 barring LPAC activists from soliciting donations or distributing literature on their Ralphs and Food 4 Less properties in Southern California. Another grocery chain, Trader Joe's, also sought an injunction after customers allegedly complained that the LPAC members had called them "bitches" and "Hitler lovers". Stater Brothers also sought an injunction to bar LPAC members from soliciting in front of their stores. Lyndon LaRouche, LPAC, and its treasurer Barbara Boyd were sued in 2009 by the widow of Kenneth Kronberg, who alleges that they had defamed her in an LPAC article. Kronberg and his wife had been longtime members of LaRouche movement before his suicide.
By 2010, LPAC members were calling for Obama's impeachment. Members of the Tea Party movement distanced themselves from the LPAC members, who often appeared at Tea Party rallies. One Tea Party officials complained that the "Obama as Hitler" posters "trivializes the travesties that occurred under the Fascist regime of Nazi Germany". In 2010, LPAC members said the PAC staffed from 80 to 100 tables across the country every day.
Several confrontations between supporters of LPAC candidates and local residents were reported in April 2011 in Healdsburg, California. The police were called repeatedly, but no one was cited. Other LPAC workers report receiving a positive reception in San Francisco in March 2011.
Funding and locations.
LPAC received about $6 million during the 2009-2010 election cycle, according to public records and "Out of the Storm News", a publication of The Heartland Institute. Donations came from nearly 5000 individuals, a large percentage of them from employees of the PAC or its affiliates. The largest donation, $12,425, came from Kathy Magraw, listed as a supervisor at LaRouche's "Executive Intelligence Review". Magraw is also the largest individual recipient of funds from the PAC, receiving $129,705 during the cycle.
LYM received $3,142,142 from LPAC in the 2009-2010 election cycle. The Center for Public Integrity reports that almost $6 million of the $13 million raised by LPAC since 2007 went to LaRouche Youth, to pay for "grassroots lobbying and advocacy". The LaRouche Political Action Committee paid the group $462,850 in 2006, $2,732,851 during the 2008 election cycle, and $4,186,068 in the 2010 cycle.
According to Boyd, the payments to LaRouche Youth LLC are for web content, field organizing, canvassing, and public advocacy, all of which are categorized as "grassroots lobbying and advocacy". Boyd said the nearly $500,000 in uncategorized "petty cash" payments went to political organizing activities across the country, mostly vehicle operating expenses. In 2006, LPAC paid $7000 in fines to the FEC for failing to file mandatory disclosure forms.
LPAC gave $11,000 in contributions to three candidates in the 2009-2010 election cycle: $4000 each to "Kesha Rogers For Congress" and "Summer Shields for Congress", and $3000 to "Rachel Brown For Congress".
The LYM website lists 21 offices in the U.S. and Canada. The LPAC website lists 12 offices in the U.S.
Publications.
LPAC produces pamphlets which carry suggested donation requests. Publications include:
Videos and animations.
The "Basement team" is variously described as belonging to the LYM or to LPAC. According to Boyd, LPAC pays LYM to produce videos. Most of the videos on Kesha Roger's campaign website were created by LPAC.
From 2006 to 2007, members of the team produced a set of computer animations described as a pedagogical tour through Johannes Kepler's "New Astronomy" and "Harmony of the World", plus another set on the discovery of the orbit of Ceres titled "The Mind of Gauss". After another website, keplersdiscovery.com, appeared that discussed the same works by Kepler, team members asserted that it was a plagiarized and inferior copy of their own work. In August 2008, the team released an hour-long video, "The Harvard Yard", in which they elaborate their claim of plagiarism and charge that the "Kepler's Discovery" site was the work of Harvard University. In 2008 they issued "Firewallin Defense of the Nation State". This was followed by the release on July 3 of the feature-length sequel "1932", narrated by Robert Beltran, and a December production on scientific method, "The Matter of Mind". They are also producing regular short videos on topical issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20903564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903564" title="Kamyshlu, Gegharkunik">
Kamyshlu, Gegharkunik

Kamyshlu (also, Kanli) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20903568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903568" title="2008–09 Burnley F.C. season">
2008–09 Burnley F.C. season

The 2008-09 season was Burnley's 9th season in the second tier of English football. They were managed by Owen Coyle – his second season since he replaced Steve Cotterill on 8 November 2007.
First-team squad.
"Updated 30 June 2008."
Matches.
The Championship.
The Championship Play-offs 2009.
The Championship Play-off Semi-Final 1st Leg
The Championship Play-off Semi-Final 2nd Leg
The Championship Play-off Final
Burnley are promoted to the Premier League.
League Cup.
Semi-Final.
Semi-Final 1st Leg
Semi-Final 2nd Leg
FA Cup.
3rd round.
3rd Round Replay
4th round.
4th Round Replay

</doc>
<doc id="20903570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903570" title="František Sokol">
František Sokol

František Sokol (February 5, 1939 – October 11, 2011) is a Czech former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Tišnov.
In 1968 he was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. He played eight matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20903573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903573" title="Enshō-ji">
Enshō-ji

Enshō-ji may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20903580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903580" title="Richard Thornden">
Richard Thornden

Richard Thornden was an eminent 16th Century Priest.<br> In 1524 he was appointed Warden of Canterbury College, Oxford and after that was a Prebendary at Canterbury Cathedral. Appointed the second Bishop of Dover in 1545, he held the post until his death in 1557.

</doc>
<doc id="20903582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903582" title="Blackhawk Park &amp; Ride">
Blackhawk Park &amp; Ride

Blackhawk Park & Ride is a transit facility located in the southern community of Eagan, Minnesota. The park & ride lot has 283 parking spaces and is located near business such as Cub Foods, Target, and Regal Local Cinema 16 (located at Cliff Road & Cliff Lake Road).

</doc>
<doc id="20903583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903583" title="All-women shortlists">
All-women shortlists

The use of all-women shortlists (AWS) is the political practice intended to increase the proportion of female Members of Parliament (MPs) in the United Kingdom by allowing only women to stand in particular constituencies for a particular political party. Though the practice is available to all parties, only the Labour Party uses it. Jacqui Smith, who served as Home Secretary, was one prominent politician elected on an all-women shortlist.
United Kingdom.
Background.
In the 1990s in the United Kingdom, women constituted less than 10% of parliamentary MPs. Political parties used various strategies to increase female representation, including encouraging women to stand and constituency associations to select them, and providing special training for potential women candidates.
Another strategy, the creation of all-women shortlists, is an affirmative action strategy making compulsory the selection of women candidates in some constituencies.
The strategy has been criticised as undemocratic, as "bypassing competitive principles and hence as ignoring the merit principle," and as "a form of discrimination against men."
1997 election.
Labour used all-women shortlists to select candidates in half of all winnable seats for the 1997 general election, with the aim of reaching 100 women MPs post-election, a goal that was reached. The shortlists provoked controversy, however. In 1996 Labour party branches in Croydon Central, Merthyr Tydfil & Rhymney, Bishop Auckland and Slough all submitted hostile motions criticising the policy.
Concern about such sex discrimination was especially strong in Slough where the local party refused to even cooperate in selecting a candidate after having an AWS imposed. Another concern was that AWS were being used as a device to keep out certain men who might have made trouble for Tony Blair, Prime Minister at the time. Labour leader Tony Blair stated that AWS were "not ideal at all" in 1995.
In December 1995, Peter Jepson and Roger Dyas-Elliott, prevented from standing on Labour shortlists because of their gender, challenged the policy in court. Supported by the Equal Opportunities Commission, they claimed that they had been illegally barred from applying to be considered to represent the party and that the policy contradicted Labour's policy of aiming to promote equality of opportunity.
The 34 candidates who had already been selected by all-women shortlists were not required to seek re-selection, but all 14 unfinished all-women shortlist selections were suspended. Dr Jepson and Mr Dyas-Elliott did not seek compensation for their loss.
In the 1997 general election, 35 out of 38 Labour AWS candidates were successful.
The Conservative Party also opposed gender quotas, preferring to persuade constituencies to select female candidates in winnable seats.
Prior to the 1999 European parliament elections, the Liberal Democrats used a system called "zipping" in which equal numbers of men and women were elected as MEPs.
2005 election.
Following the reduction in women MPs after the 2001 general election and increased lobbying by gender equality advocates, Labour introduced the Sex Discrimination (Election Candidates) Act 2002, which allows parties to use positive discrimination in the selection of candidates. They will remain legalized until the end of 2015, due to the "Sunset Clause".
In contrast, in 2001 the Liberal Democrats rejected a proposal to use AWS, suggesting such shortlists were illiberal and unnecessary. Prominent women MPs of the party opposed the all-women shortlists. Party members argued that the main problem was not discrimination, but a lack of female candidates. Instead the party set a target of having 40% female candidates in winnable seats.
In the 2005 General election, the shortlists helped to increase the number of female MPs in Parliament to 128, with the Labour Party's 98 women constituting 77% of the total. However, a Labour-controlled "safe seat" was lost when explicitly anti-AWS independent candidate Peter Law won the Blaenau Gwent constituency in Wales beating Maggie Jones who had been selected using Labour's All-women shortlist policy. The loss was widely blamed on controversy over AWS, though a scholarly analysis suggests that additional factors may have been at play, and noted that overall there was no significant anti-AWS backlash during the election.
2010 election.
A Speaker's conference was set up in 2008 to study the reasons why MPs were predominantly white, male and able-bodied. An interim report released in July 2009 called for women to make up at least fifty percent of new candidates at the following general election. However, all-women shortlists continued to elicit criticism. Ann Widdecombe criticised the use of AWS stating that women in the past who fought for equality such as the Suffragettes "wanted equal opportunities not special privileges" and "they would have thrown themselves under the King's horse to protest against positive discrimination and all-women shortlists".
Diane Abbott, one of the early supporters of all women shortlists criticised their failure to recruit ethnic minority women into politics, stating that they had in effect "been all white women shortlists" As evidence of this she cited the 1997 Parliamentary intake, where none of the MPs selected using all women shortlists was black.
Conservative leader David Cameron tried to institute AWS in 2006. There was opposition from some female MPs, such as Nadine Dorries and Ann Widdecombe.
However, in October 2009, the subsequent Conservative leader, David Cameron stated that the under-representation of women and ethnic minorities was "a real problem for parliament and for my party", and reversed his opposition to AWS. In February 2010 he indicated that he would impose AWS because the pace of change towards the selection of more women MPs had been too slow.
In 2009, Liberal Democrat party leader Nick Clegg stated that he would consider introducing all-women shortlists if the number of female MPs did not increase following the next election, but he did not see this as a long-term solution for the unrepresentative nature of parliament.
Impact.
All-women shortlists had been credited with breaking down prejudices that impeded the selection of women and discouraged women from offering their candidacy. In both 1997 and 2005, fifty per cent of women MPs elected were selected from all-women shortlists.
The increase in women in politics brought increased parliamentary priority to issues such as women's health, domestic violence, childcare. In addition, the increased number of women MPs and greater focus on women's concerns likely resulted in increased female support for Labour at the polls. AWS may also have made it easier for women to be selected non-all-women shortlist seats. The shortlists also gave rise to the appointment of Britain's first female Home Secretary, Jacqui Smith in June 2007.
Other countries.
Similar party reservations for female candidates have been utilized by political parties in Norway, Sweden and Denmark. In 1983, the Norwegian Labour Party mandated that "at all elections and nominations both sexes must be represented by at least 40 per cent", and in 1994, the Swedish Social Democratic Workers' Party mandated "every second on the list a woman", which meant that male and female candidates would be alternated between each other on the party list of preferred candidates. In 1988, the Danish Social Democrats "each sex has the right to a representation of at least 40 per cent of the Social Democratic candidates for local and regional elections. If there is not a sufficient number of candidates from each sex, this right will not fully come into effect"; however, this party law was abolished in 1996.
Iraq held its first post-Saddam parliamentary elections in January 2005 under an electoral law providing for compulsory integration of women on the candidates lists, like several European countries with a proportional electoral system.

</doc>
<doc id="20903595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903595" title="1990 Southern Miss Golden Eagles football team">
1990 Southern Miss Golden Eagles football team

The 1990 Southern Miss Golden Eagles football team represented the University of Southern Mississippi in the 1990 NCAA college football season. Led by Brett Favre, the Golden Eagles qualified for the . 
Regular season.
The Golden Eagles had one of the biggest upsets of the college football season when they beat the Alabama Crimson Tide by a score of 27-24. Another upset followed later in the season when the Golden Eagles beat the Auburn Tigers by a score of 13-12.

</doc>
<doc id="20903597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903597" title="Peter Walker (guitarist)">
Peter Walker (guitarist)

Peter Walker is an American folk guitarist noted for dextrous instrumental pieces that reference the Indian classical and Spanish flamenco traditions. Recognised principally for his recorded output in the mid-to-late sixties, his rediscovery by the current generation of American and European outsider folk artists has seen his work accorded similar reverence to that of other notable American finger-pickers such as John Fahey, Robbie Basho and Leo Kottke, and granted him a renewed platform for both touring and recording.
Life and career.
Walker was born in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1937, into a musical family, and began to play the guitar from an early age. He committed himself to touring and public performance from 1959 onwards, becoming a fixture of the Greenwich Village folk scene of the mid-'60s (during which period he became particularly close to Sandy Bull and Karen Dalton). Over the same period, Walker's attendance of a Ravi Shankar performance in San Francisco saw him embrace extended periods of study of Eastern raga under both Shankar and Ali Akbar Khan. Through mutual Boston associates Walker also developed a strong friendship with LSD pioneer Timothy Leary, becoming music director at Leary's Millbrook estate in 1965.
Walker's debut LP "Rainy Day Raga" was released by Vanguard Records in 1966, followed by the release of "Second Poem" in 1968. Walker diverted his attention away from public performance and towards family life at the start of the 1970s, but maintained a commitment to study of his instrument, focussing particularly upon Flamenco. In 2007 Walker was coaxed out of this semi-retirement by Joshua Rosenthal of Tompkins Square Records, for whom he recorded four new pieces to be set alongside musical tributes from younger admirers including Jack Rose, James Blackshaw, Steffen Basho-Junghans and Sonic Youth's Thurston Moore on the 2008 collection "A Raga for Peter Walker". A full album of new material, "Echo of My Soul", was released by Tompkins Square later the same year. These releases were supported by extensive touring and live performance, sparking a renewed level of interest which culminated in a recorded session for Stuart Maconie on BBC 6 Music, and an extended interview on BBC Radio 4's flagship early morning current affairs show "The Today Programme".

</doc>
<doc id="20903600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903600" title="Bargain (song)">
Bargain (song)

"Bargain" is a song written by Pete Townshend that was first released by The Who on their 1971 album "Who's Next". It is a love song, although the intended subject of the song is God rather than a woman. The song has been included on several compilation and live albums. It was also included on several of Townshend's solo projects. Critics have praised the song's lyricism and power, as well as the performance of the band on the song.
Lyrics and music.
"Bargain" is a love song. The opening lines are:
Basically, the lyrics are typical love song lyrics in which the singer says he will give up everything to win his love, and that the singer would consider that a bargain. However, the lyrics do not identify who the subject of the singer's love is. Townshend has stated the song was influenced by Indian mystic Meher Baba and that the subject of the song is God. Townshend has stated "The song is simply about losing one's ego as a devotee of Meher Baba. I constantly try to lose myself and find him. I'm not very successful, I'm afraid, but this song expresses how much of a bargain it would be to lose everything in order to be at one with God."
"Bargain" begins with a gentle acoustic guitar part played by Townshend. A drone is played softly in the background. The energy picks up with Keith Moon's drum fills and Townshend's rhythm guitar chords before Roger Daltrey begins to sing the lyrics. Daltrey sings most of the lyrics energetically powerfully, but there is a gentler section sung by Townshend. In this gentler section, backed by John Entwistle's bass guitar, the Townshend starts by singing:
The line "I know I'm worth nothing without you" in particular shows the influence of Meher Baba's teachings. Other themes of the song include the search for self-identity and the balance within the human psyche of the id and the ego.
Instrumentation of "Bargain" includes an ARP synthesizer, which is used both as a solo instrument and as a backing instrument while Townshend plays a guitar solo. That guitar solo was praised by "Rolling Stone Magazine" critic John Mendelsohn, as well as by The Who authors Chris Charlesworth, Steve Grantley and Alan Parker. Moon's drum fills have also been heavily praised, as have Entwistle's bass lines. Townshend used several guitars on "Bargain," including a 1959 Gretsch Chet Atkins guitar that he received from Joe Walsh.
At least nine versions of "Bargain" were recorded between April and June 1971. Townshend was particularly effusive in his praise for the sound associate producer Glynn Johns was able to achieve, particularly for the acoustic guitars.
The Young Vic stage performance has a powerful hard rock guitar solo towards the end of the song.
Critical reception.
John Swenson of "Rolling Stone Magazine" described "Bargain" as one of "Townshend's most beautiful songs." Author John Atkins praised song's strength and melody as well as The Who's performance of the song. Atkins goes on to say that "'Bargain' radiates sheer dynamism and excitement, and the brilliance of the playing turns the song into a masterpiece." Allmusic critic Tom Maginnis calls "Bargain" one of the "explosively dynamic tracks found on the Who's seminal "Who's Next" album.
Other appearances.
A live performance of "Bargain" from San Francisco on December 12, 1971 was included on the 1985 The Who album "Who's Missing". This version was later included in the compilation album "Thirty Years of Maximum R&B" in 1994. The studio version was included on the compilation album "The Ultimate Collection" in 2002.
Pete Townshend included solo recordings of "Bargain" on his albums "Scoop" and "The Lifehouse Chronicles".
"Bargain" was used in a Toyota commercial, emphasizing the lines, "I call that a bargain, the best I ever had" in reference to the value of an automobile.
The song was also used at the end of the "" episode, "Frame By Frame", as a tribute to the show's 300th episode.

</doc>
<doc id="20903608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903608" title="Edgar N. Eisenhower">
Edgar N. Eisenhower

Edgar N. Eisenhower (19 January 1889 – 12 July 1971) was a lawyer, and an older brother of President Dwight D. Eisenhower. He was born in Hope, Kansas and graduated from the University of Michigan in 1914. He began practicing law in 1915 in Tacoma, Washington and was known as a “shoot from the hip ultraconservative.”
According to his nephew John, Edgar Eisenhower “considered President Roosevelt a work of the devil,” and "tried to talk John out of a career in the military," saying that he "should forego any ideas of becoming a ‘professional killer’ and go to law school at his expense, later to join his law office.'"

</doc>
<doc id="20903619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903619" title="Jiří Svoboda (volleyball)">
Jiří Svoboda (volleyball)

Jiří Svoboda (born April 19, 1941) is a Czech former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Zubří.
In 1968 he was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all nine matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20903620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903620" title="William F. Kruse">
William F. Kruse

William F. "Bill" Kruse (1894–1952) was an important head of the Young People's Socialist League (YPSL) in the 1910s. He was a member of the Socialist Party of America until 1921, acting as a leader of the party's Left Wing faction, loyal to the Third International (Comintern). Thereafter he joined the Workers Party of America, serving as Assistant Executive Secretary of the WPA from the time of its foundation in December 1921.
Biography.
Early years.
William F. "Bill" Kruse was born in Hoboken, New Jersey to German and Danish immigrant parents in 1894.
Kruse worked briefly as a sheet metal worker in his youth. He later studied at the Socialist Party of America's Rand School of Social Science under Algernon Lee.
Political career.
In July 1915, the governing National Executive Committee of the SPA appointed the 21-year-old as Director of the party's youth section, the Young People's Socialist League (YPSL). Kruse served two terms in this position, finishing in June 1918. He also served as editor of the YPSL's national publication, "Young Socialists' Magazine," from 1918 to 1919 and as the Provisional Secretary of the SPA's national Socialist Sunday School movement.
Kruse was the fraternal delegate of the YPSL to the party's seminal 1917 Emergency National Convention in St. Louis. Militantly opposed to the war in Europe, Kruse, a law school graduate, worked to defend the civil rights of war opponents as a leader of the American Liberty Defense League.
As head of the Socialist Party's youth organization and a vociferous critic of American participation in the war, Kruse was targeted by the US Department of Justice headed by Attorney General A. Mitchell Palmer under the Espionage Act. Kruse was indicted in Chicago by a grand jury on Feb. 2, 1918, and the secret indictment was made public on March 9. The sensational and widely publicized trial of Kruse and 4 other top members of the Socialist Party began before Judge Kenesaw Mountain Landis on Dec. 6, 1918. This trial ended Jan. 4, 1919, with the jury finding Kruse and his associates (Victor L. Berger, Adolph Germer, J. Louis Engdahl, Irwin St. John Tucker) guilty. Landis sentenced each to 20 years in the Federal penitentiary, a sentence which was appealed and later overturned on the basis of judicial bias.
Released on bond, Kruse continued as a Contributing Editor of "Young Socialists' Magazine" from March 1919. He was a delegate to the 1919 Emergency National Convention of the SPA in August 1919, representing a Left Wing voice on the floor, but refusing to bolt the convention to join the Communist Labor Party of America gathering downstairs. Kruse was elected to serve on a new party institution to oversee controversial personnel decisions of the NEC, the Board of Appeals, and he continued in this role on this largely unused body until 1920. In September 1919, with the YPSL moving to organizational independence under its Secretary, Oliver Carlson, Kruse was named head of the SPA's new "Young People's Department." He also resumed editorship of "Young Socialists' Magazine," now back under party control. Kruse also worked as a National Organizer for the SPA, rebuilding the Rhode Island state organization, among other tasks.
Kruse was a Socialist candidate for the US House of Representatives from the Illinois 6th C.D. in 1918 and again 1920, and for Illinois Secretary of State in 1921.
Kruse remained active in the Left Wing movement inside the SPA until the fall of 1921, organizing the Committee for the Third International with his associates Louis Engdahl and Alexander Trachtenberg. After the triumph of the party's Regulars at the 1921 Convention, Kruse, Engdahl, and their associates left the party, advocating for an "open" Communist Party in the United States. This desire came to fruition in December 1921 with the establishment of the Workers Party of America, in which Kruse served as the Assistant Executive Secretary from the time of its foundation. He was also elected by the founding convention of the WPA as an Alternate to the WPA's governing Central Executive Committee. On June 29, 1929, Kruse was promoted to full member of the CEC of the WPA when Marguerite Prevey resigned.
Kruse was an adherent of the Pepper-Ruthenberg-Lovestone faction throughout the Communist Party's factional struggles of the 1920s.
From 1926 to 1927, Kruse was among the first Americans to study at the Comintern's Lenin School in Moscow, where he also served in an informal capacity as a lieutenant of the Lovestone faction in the USSR. Upon his return in 1927, Kruse was appointed by the CEC as District Organizer of the Communist Party's important Chicago district.
In 1928 Kruse stood as the candidate for Governor of Illinois of the Workers (Communist) Party.
Kruse was expelled from the Communist (Workers) Party in 1929 for refusing to denounce party leader Jay Lovestone. He left radical politics and became Educational Director for Bell and Howell Films, later opening his own public relations firm in Chicago, William F. Kruse & Associates.
Death and legacy.
Bill Kruse died in 1952.
The William F. Kruse papers are housed at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University in Palo Alto, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20903638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903638" title="Enshō-ji (Antei)">
Enshō-ji (Antei)

History.
This temple and the other Rokushō-ji establishments had a particular function within the Imperial . The Rokushō-ji were "sacred vow temples" ("gogan-ji") built by imperial command following a precedent established by Emperor Shirakawa's 
Hosshō-ji. Although these temple complexes were ostensibly established for a presumptively pious purpose,
The Rokushō-ji were also called the six "Superiority Temples;" and each were uniquely dedicated to an aspect of esoteric Buddhist ontology, as in 

</doc>
<doc id="20903649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903649" title="Lubomír Zajíček">
Lubomír Zajíček

Lubomír Zajíček (born February 15, 1946) is a Czech former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Bystrc.
In 1968 he was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. He played two matches.
Four years later he finished sixth with the Czechoslovak team in the 1972 Olympic tournament. He played four matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20903651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903651" title="Paramount on Parade">
Paramount on Parade

Paramount on Parade (1930) is an all-star revue released by Paramount Pictures, directed by several directors including Edmund Goulding, Dorothy Arzner, Ernst Lubitsch, Rowland V. Lee, A. Edward Sutherland, Victor Heerman, Lothar Mendes, Otto Brower, Edwin H. Knopf, Frank Tuttle, and Victor Schertzinger—all supervised by the production supervisor, singer, actress, and songwriter Elsie Janis. 
Featured stars included Jean Arthur, Richard Arlen, Clara Bow, Evelyn Brent, Buddy Rogers, Jack Oakie, Helen Kane, Maurice Chevalier, Nancy Carroll, George Bancroft, Kay Francis, Richard "Skeets" Gallagher, Gary Cooper, Fay Wray, Lillian Roth and many other Paramount stars. The screenplay was written by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, produced by Adolph Zukor and Jesse L. Lasky, with cinematography by Victor Milner and Harry Fischbeck.
Production.
"Paramount on Parade", released on April 22, 1930, was Paramount's answer to all-star revues like "Hollywood Revue of 1929" from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, "The Show of Shows" from Warner Brothers, and "King of Jazz" from Universal Studios. The film had 20 individual segments—several of them in two-strip Technicolor — directed by 11 directors, and almost every star on the Paramount roster except Claudette Colbert and the Marx Brothers. (Colbert became a star in May 1930 with the release of "The Big Pond", also with Chevalier and also released in a French-language version.)
The Internet Movie Database says the Jeanette MacDonald segment — showing her and Metropolitan Opera tenor Nino Martini just before he sings "Come Back to Sorrento" — was cut from the release print, but may still exist in "Galas de la Paramount", the Spanish-language version of the film. Paramount also produced a French-language version "Paramount en Parade" directed by Charles de Rochefort and a Romanian-language version "Parada Paramount" (see IMDB links below). Chevalier and Martini also starred in the French version, and Romanian actress Pola Illéry starred in the Romanian version. There was also a Dutch version, "Paramount op Parade" with Theo Frenkel. The Swedish version starred Ernst Rolf & his wife, Tutta Rolf.
Preservation status.
The film, including some of its Technicolor sequences, has been restored by the UCLA Film and Television Archive. The original title sequence and chorus girl number immediately following it, however, are still lost. The sound for two of the Technicolor sequences ("Gallows Song" and "Dream Girl") are also missing. 
According to Robert Gitt, film archivist now retired from UCLA, in a lecture at Pacific Film Archive at UC Berkeley, the film was also released with sound-on-disc for those theaters not equipped for sound-on-film. The archive had a report of the soundtrack for this film still existing on disc until the 1994 Northridge earthquake destroyed a set of discs that a collector was planning to donate.
In August 2010, CapitolFest in Rome, New York showed a 102-minute version restored by UCLA Film and Television Archive. Some sequences are still missing the sound, for some sequences only the soundtrack exists.
List of sequences.
The opening fanfare from this film, also known as "Paramount on Parade" (Elsie Janis and Jack King), was used as music over the credits for many later Paramount newsreels and short films. The lyrics were "Proud of the crowd that will never be loud, it's Paramount on Parade".
Foreign-language versions.
A large number of foreign-language versions were shot including:
At Paramount's Hollywood studio, Ernst Rolf and his Norwegian wife, Tutta Berntzen, filmed introductions and sequences for the Scandinavian version. Japanese comedian Suisei Matsui introduced the film in Japan. Mira Zimińska and Mariusz Maszynski appeared in the Polish version, and Dina Gralla and Eugen Rex appeared in the German version. Paramount filmed most of the above versions, along with Czech, Hungarian, Serbian, and Italian versions, at their Joinville Studios in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20903658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903658" title="List of portraits in the Centre Block">
List of portraits in the Centre Block

The Centre Block, part of the complex of parliamentary buildings on Parliament Hill in Canada's capital, Ottawa, hosts a gallery of portraits of present and former Canadian monarchs, former Prime Ministers of Canada, and other figures.
History.
The collection of portraits of Canada's monarchs originated with the acquiring of a state portrait of Queen Victoria for the parliament buildings of the Province of Canada in Montreal in 1849. As successive monarchs came to the throne, their portraits were added to the gallery. However, it was not until Senator Serge Joyal took on the personal project of amassing portraits of monarchs prior to Victoria that the collection came closer to completion, including the Kings of France since Francis I.
The Prime Minister's portrait gallery dates back to 1890, when John A. Macdonald, the first Prime Minister of the Dominion of Canada, assisted in the unveiling of his own portrait. At first, the works were commissioned by friends and colleagues, made by the artist's own initiative, and then donated to the Crown Collection. A century later, a more systematic approach was implemented, and the artist is now chosen by the Prime Minister, although Curatorial Services provide suggerences and assistance on the choice.
The portraits are viewed by over 400,000 people a year.

</doc>
<doc id="20903660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903660" title="Military journalism">
Military journalism

According to JP 1-02, Department of Defense Dictionary of Military and Associated Terms, a military journalist is "A US Service member or Department of Defense civilian employee providing photographic, print, radio, or television command information for military internal audiences. See also command information. (JP 3-61)"
Military journalists are part of Public Affairs, defined by JP 1-02 as "Those public information, command information, and community relations activities directed toward both the external and internal publics with interest in the Department of Defense."
Command information, therefore, is just one of the responsibilities of Public Affairs set by Department of Defense policy. DoDD 5122.5 sets forth these Principles of Information:
E2.1. INFORMATION
It is DoD policy to make available timely and accurate information so that the public, the Congress, and the news media may assess and understand the facts about national security and defense strategy. Requests for information from organizations and private citizens shall be answered quickly.
In carrying out that DoD policy, the following principles of information shall apply:
E2.1.1. Information shall be made fully and readily available, consistent with statutory requirements, unless its release is precluded by national security constraints or valid statutory mandates or exceptions. The "Freedom of Information Act" will be supported in both letter and spirit.
E2.1.2. A free flow of general and military information shall be made available, without censorship or propaganda, to the men and women of the Armed Forces and their dependents.
E2.1.3. Information will not be classified or otherwise withheld to protect the Government from criticism or embarrassment.
E2.1.4. Information shall be withheld when disclosure would adversely affect national security, threaten the safety or privacy of U.S. Government personnel or their families, violate the privacy of the citizens of the United States, or be contrary to law.
E2.1.5. The Department of Defense's obligation to provide the public with information on DoD major programs may require detailed Public Affairs (PA) planning and coordination in the Department of Defense and with the other Government Agencies. Such activity is to expedite the flow of information to the public; propaganda has no place in DoD public affairs programs. DODD 5122.5, Sep. 27, 2000
JP 1-02 defines propaganda as "Any form of communication in support of national objectives designed to influence the opinions, emotions, attitudes, or behavior of any group in order to benefit the sponsor, either directly or indirectly."
The effort to counter enemy propaganda, therefore, both directly and indirectly benefits the sponsor. It has been a function of Psychological Operations (PSYOP) and not Public Affairs. JP 1-02 defines Counterpropaganda Operations as "Those psychological operations (PSYOP) activities that identify adversary propaganda, contribute to situational awareness, and serve to expose adversary attempts to influence friendly populations and military forces. (JP 3-53)"
Each branch of service has regulations that further define the roles of military journalists, but in a time of war, for example, Doctrine for
Public Affairs in Joint Operations (JP 3-61) "provides joint doctrine for public affairs support during joint operations and US military support to news media in conjunction with military operations."
JP 3-61 states, "PA must be aware of the practice of PSYOP, but should have no role in planning or executing these operations."
The responsibilities of Public Affairs vs PSYOP are, therefore, fundamentally different.
JP 3-61 of May 14, 1997 contained no references to adversary propaganda. JP 3-61 was updated May 9, 2005 to include 16 references to adversary propaganda, which includes this revision:
"Public affairs counters adversary propaganda and disinformation by providing a continuous flow of credible, reliable, timely, and accurate information to military members, their families, the media, and the public. This capability allows PA to help defeat adversary efforts to diminish national will, degrade morale, and turn world opinion against friendly operations. PA must be engaged in operational planning, have visibility into domestic and international press reports, as well as relevant intelligence, understand common adversary propaganda techniques, and be very aggressive by anticipating and countering adversary propaganda— putting accurate, complete information out first so that friendly forces gain the initiative and remain the preferred source of information. Gaining and maintaining the information initiative in a conflict can help discredit and undermine adversary propaganda.[...] PA operations keep military members and their families informed about operations, events, and issues to counter adversary propaganda efforts, and reduce stress and uncertainty, and other factors that may undermine mission accomplishment."
The impact of this conflicting update means that the military journalist is required by doctrine to never "influence the opinions, emotions, attitudes, or behavior of any group in order to benefit the sponsor, either directly or indirectly" while at the same time "help defeat adversary efforts to diminish national will, degrade morale, and turn world opinion against friendly operations" and "to counter adversary propaganda efforts,and reduce stress and uncertainty, and other factors that may undermine mission accomplishment"
The military journalist is required by doctrine to participate in counter propaganda efforts, even though the same doctrine defines those efforts as a function of PSYOP, which is something Public Affairs should never execute, according to the same doctrine.
Military journalists must rely on the Combatant Commander's responsibility, IAW JP 3-61, to "Ensure planned ground rules for releasing information to civilian media apply equally to military journalists and broadcasters."
Then military journalists are unable to release information until it is cleared by a designated release authority, a Public Affairs Officer, whose responsibility is to coordinate and synchronize efforts with PSYOP. Despite the information being releasable according the DOD Principles of Information, the official policy of "Maximum disclosure with minimum delay," and does not violate Operations Security (OPSEC) or threaten national security, any number of subjective factors arising from public perception cause a military journalist's information to be withheld from public release, some of which are detailed in DODI 5230.29. According to which, "All information submitted for review to OSR must first be coordinated within the originating DoD Component to ensure that it reflects the organization’s policy position."
An additional contradiction in doctrine then arises when news does not reflect "the organization’s policy position." Added to which, all news that is released must reflect the organization's policy position, despite doctrine prohibiting information "in order to benefit the sponsor, either directly or indirectly" and other doctrine encouraging the "free flow of information."
The Army's policy for military journalists is further clarified in FM 46-1: "Not all news is good news[...]the Army and its operations will be both positive and negative. [...]PAOs cannot control media coverage or guarantee positive media products. DoD policy is that information will not be classified or otherwise withheld to protect the government from criticism or embarrassment. Information can only be withheld when its disclosure
would adversely affect national and operations security or threaten the safety or privacy of members of the military community. [...]It is DoD and Army policy to take an active approach to providing information. The Army will practice the principle of “maximum disclosure with minimum delay,” even though this will sometimes result in the publication of stories which are not favorable to the command.[...]Because the Army is an agency of the U.S. government, its internal audiences, local community members, and members of the American public as a whole, have a right to know about its operations. More importantly, the Army has an obligation to keep these audiences informed.[...]Public affairs operations should employ an active approach. PAOs must take the lead in contributing to accurate, credible, and balanced coverage by practicing maximum disclosure with minimum delay."
Yet the same doctrine states, "Public affairs operations should be planned and executed to influence the presentation of information about the force by providing truthful, complete, and timely information that communicates the Army perspective," despite conflicting doctrine that denounces propaganda to "influence the opinions, emotions, attitudes, or behavior of any group in order to benefit the sponsor, either directly or indirectly."
In other Army doctrine explaining an Information Operations Estimate, FM 3-13, "IO-cell members—especially the PSYOP, civil-military operations, and public affairs (PA) representatives—identify how best to influence the attitudes and actions of the civilian populace..." and in a Commander's Guidance example, "Use PA to favorably influence the population in the AO and worldwide. Emphasize the lead role of the ASA and tell the truth: that we are here to assist a well-trained army accomplish a worthwhile mission." The Public Affairs Officer must help, "ensure an integrated strategy and a unified effort to communicate the Army’s perspective and to favorably portray tactical and operational objectives."
One distinctly effective way (of many) that suppresses military journalism in conflict with this "perspective" or "organizational policy" is taught outside of official, high-level, DoD policy at the Defense Information School, where military journalists and Public Affairs Officers are trained:
Command Messages: "plain or secret language" that "communicate the command’s position in everything we do" which are designed for informing and "persuading – through accurately provided information – those publics to support and accept the action." This is a "Command Message (your organization's policy or position)"
Another distinctly effective way that suppresses civilian journalism in conflict with these "command messages" is to employ:
Media ground rules: Guidelines that media must adhere to if they want to continue getting support from the military. One of 20 media ground rules, as of October 15, 2009, that applies equally to civilian and military journalists in the CJTF-82's Area of Operations (AO) in Afghanistan, for example, is "During interviews, no questions will be asked about the politics of the military. (e.g. Iraq war, equipment, readiness, funding, etc.)" Most ground rules are justified by Operations Security. Funding?
These policies remain despite the Commander in Chief, Barack Obama's Open Government Directive that conveys the, "Government should be transparent. Transparency promotes accountability and provides information for citizens about what their Government is doing."
The U.S. military journalist, therefore, is a journalist whose job, at the highest level of accountability, is defined by an obligation to fully inform the public without design to directly or indirectly benefit the military, but who must also fight subjective policy, ambiguous definitions, and conflicting doctrine designed to deceive the public with hidden political agendas.
The military has been increasingly spending billions to do so, in which Sheldon Rampton, research director for the Committee on Media and Democracy, calls a "massive apparatus selling the military to us."

</doc>
<doc id="20903670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903670" title="Rob Denton">
Rob Denton

Rob Denton (November 20, 1907 – August 12, 1997) was an American soccer goalkeeper who was a member of the United States soccer team at the 1936 Summer Olympics. He also played six seasons in the American Soccer League and later served as a referee.
Denton signed with the Philadelphia German-Americans in 1935, later moving to Philadelphia Passon. He left the ASL in 1939. In 1935, Denton and his team mates won the league title. A year later, they won the 1936 National Challenge Cup. He was selected for the 1936 U.S. Olympic soccer team, but did not play in the lone U.S. game of the tournament. He later served as a referee in the Philadelphia leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="20903677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903677" title="Parting Shots">
Parting Shots

Parting Shots is a 1999 film starring Chris Rea, Felicity Kendal, John Cleese, Bob Hoskins, Diana Rigg, Oliver Reed, Ben Kingsley, Joanna Lumley, and Peter Davison. It was the last film directed by Michael Winner. 
Plot.
The film concerns a man (Rea) who is mistakenly told by his doctor that he has six weeks to live and begins to kill people who have wronged him in his life, only to find that the diagnosis was incorrect. Also he paid an assassin to kill him instead of living out his last days in custody and nearly leaves it too late to call off the hit. The assassin takes after the two and after being arrested for assassinating an official of a fictional country he takes the blame for all of the murders that occurred during the film. It ends with Rea and Kendal visiting the assassin in prison as newlyweds.
Reception.
"Parting Shots" was not well received by critics with "Total Film"s review describing Winner's work as "offensive", "incompetent" and "bad in every possible way".
Andrew Collins gave a strongly negative
review of the film: ""Parting Shots"... is going to set the course of British film-making back 20 years. It is not only the worst British film produced in this country since "Carry On Emmannuelle" (quite a feat in itself), it is a thoroughbred contender for the crown of Worst Film Ever Made". In a hostile overview of Winner's films, Christopher Tookey claimed ""Parting Shots" is not only the most horrible torture for audiences that Winner has ever devised. It is also profoundly offensive, even by Winner standards".
Tookey described the film as a failure as a black comedy: "...not only does it lack a sense of humour. It's uniquely repellent. It's rather as "Kind Hearts and Coronets" might have turned out, had it been directed by Fred and Rosemary West". Tookey also denounced "Parting Shots" as "the most tasteless, abysmal comedy of all time." 
Interviewed about "Parting Shots", Charlotte O'Sullivan, 
"The Independent's" film editor, claimed "Parting Shots" was "the worst film I've ever seen". O'Sullivan also took issue with the film for glorifying vigilantism: "It's Michael Winner and you know, he doesn't have any sense of irony. He seems to be saying it is okay to go and kill people". The journalist Miles Kington later claimed ""Parting Shots"...was directed by Michael Winner and despite the glittering cast, was possibly the worst film ever made". In its entry on Michael Winner, the book "Contemporary British and Irish Film Directors" claimed "Parting Shots" "makes a bold challenge for the hotly contested mantle of worst British film ever made."

</doc>
<doc id="20903683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903683" title="Titty">
Titty

Titty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20903684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903684" title="List of Emmerdale characters (2008)">
List of Emmerdale characters (2008)

The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the British soap opera Emmerdale in 2008, by order of first appearance.
Shane Doyle.
Shane Doyle, played by Paul McEwan, made his first screen appearance on 3 January 2008.
Shane was introduced as a police officer and a colleague of Donna Windsor-Dingle and Ross Kirk's. Shane constantly bullied Donna but was good friends with Ross. He bullied Donna due to her gender - a woman being in the police force - and also for being married into the Dingle family, who had a prominent criminal record. After much conflict between Shane and Donna, she decides to start a fresh. At a party she tried to start a fresh with Shane, but he misunderstood and made a pass at her. As he tried to force himself upon her she kneed him in the groin and ran to Ross Kirk's house, as Ross had seen the assault. After her close shave with Shane, she decided to file a complaint against him, but Shane had guessed what she would do and so he told the Chief Superintendent that Donna had made a pass at him. Donna decided not to go ahead in filing a complaint after discovering that Ross wouldn't back her up.
Donna's husband Marlon, after hearing what Shane did, took action by convincing his younger brother Eli to frame Shane as a corrupt officer. Eli gave Ross drugs to plant in Shane's locker, while he would report Shane to the police for possession of drugs. Ross went ahead with the plan and stashed drugs in Shane's locker. Donna found out about the plan and rushed to the station to remove the drugs from Shane's locker. Shane caught her trying to break into his locker. Donna confessed to the plan, and used it as a warning for Shane, who stayed away from Donna and the entire Dingle clan from then on. However, Shane began to notice an intimacy between Ross and Donna, and was convinced that the pair were having an affair. When a police officer came to him looking for Ross at a police comedy night, he became even more suspicious. He knocked on Donna's door claiming to be room service, and his suspicions were confirmed when he heard Ross's voice in the room also. 
Shane began dating Jasmine Thomas, an undercover journalist, who was dating him to get information on his alleged connections to the criminal family The McFarlanes. Shane and Jasmine met at The Woolpack, and later met again when Shane arrived at Jasmine's boyfriend Jake Doland's house, and provokes an attack from Jake, and subsequently arrests him for drunk and disorderly, while Jasmine dumps Jake for thinking that she'd ever cheat on him. Shane asks Jasmine out on a date but she only becomes interest in him when he arrests Danielle Hutch (Nicola Stapleton), a girl with ties to The McFarlanes. Shane and Jasmine begin dating and Shane later releases Danielle, stating that he felt sorry for her. Shane and Jasmine eventually sleep together, and Jasmine begins pressuring him for information on The McFarlanes. However, she is taken aback when he gets angry. She then searches her flat and discovers a large sum of cash in his wardrobe. She is then caught by Shane, and it soon transpires that Shane is in league with The McFarlanes, proving him to be a corrupt officer.
After learning of Shane's illegal activities, Jasmine attempts to flee his flat. However, he corners her and tries to force himself upon her. Jasmine's friend Debbie Dingle then arrives and knocks Shane unconscious by hitting him over the head with a chair. As Jasmine and Debbie prepare to leave, Shane regains consciousness and tries to assault Debbie. Jasmine picks up a chair leg and promptly beats Shane to death. Shaken by the recent turn of events, Debbie and Jasmine enlist the help of Eli Dingle and they dump Shane's body in the lake. Jasmine then uses Shane's credit card to buy a plane ticket out of England, but she begins having nightmares.
In January 2009, Shane's body is found by Victoria Sugden when she falls through the frozen over lake, and his body eventually resurfaces. Ross Kirk is initially arrested for his murder but it is Debbie who is wrongly imprisoned. Eventually Jasmine returns and hands herself into the police for Shane's murder.
Dr Abbott.
Dr Josephine Abbott, played by Kate Maravan, is a local GP who first appeared in 2008, introduced by then-Series Producer, Anita Turner. She continues to appear in the show, whenever a character visits her at her surgery, which is presumably in Hotton. In 2013, her appearances have included when Belle was taken by her mother to discuss contraception with Dr Abbott, and the occasions when Rhona visits her in connection with her back injury. Viewers have seen Rhona becoming addicted to her painkillers and getting frustrated with Dr Abbott for lowering her dosage.
Charlie Sellers.
Charlie Sellers is a cellmate of Andy Sugden. He appeared in 2008.
Charlie first appears when Andy Sugden is sent to prison for the arson attack which killed his adoptive mother Sarah Sugden. He makes Andy's life a misery, and Andy attacks him after he suggests Andy's wife Jo could be having an affair without him. 
When Charlie is released, he begins harassing Jo. On 7 March, he moves into Jo and Andy's farm, threatening Jo if she tells anyone. Jo eventually works with Debbie Dingle and Chas Dingle
to get rid of him. They convince Brenda McFarlane to help them. Jo convinces Charlie to steal from a club owned by the McFarlanes, a local family of criminals, with Chas helping him. The idea is that Charlie will get caught by the police while Chas escapes. However, Charlie holds the bar manager hostage at gunpoint, and both escape. Mrs. McFarlane later appears with a 'heavy' and demands the stolen money back. She tells him to leave and never return and he has no choice but to agree.
Nick Baine.
Nick Baine was the ex-boyfriend of Carrie Nicholls. He appeared in 2008. Sam Kane, who played Nick, is married to Linda Lusardi, who played Carrie.
Nick first appears in January 2008 to offer Carrie, his former partner, a job and new life in Canada. Having grown dissatisfied with life in the village, Carrie is eager to go and start a new life. However, her daughter Scarlett does not want to leave, partly because of her relationship with Daz Eden. Carrie turns down Nick's offer, but he can not stay away and they soon resumed their relationship. On 5 February 2008, Nick and Carrie leave Emmerdale for Canada. 
They marry in August 2008 in Thailand, with Carrie's daughters, Lexi and Scarlett present.
Cindy Burton.
Cindy Burton is an actress employed by Donald De Souza. She appeared in 2008. 
Following Donald leaving hospital after a brain haemorrhage, Cindy is hired to look after him while he recovers. However, Donald hires Cindy to annoy his wife Nicola, who he knows has had an affair with David Metcalfe, who flirts with Cindy himself, much to Nicola’s irritation. After a few weeks, Nicola learns the true nature of Cindy's employment. She tries her best to use Cindy in her plan to kill Donald. This includes one attempt where Cindy takes pills meant for Donald in a set-up where Cindy would have taken the blame. When Donald learns all this, he makes Nicola leave his house. Cindy, meanwhile, leaves the village as she is no longer needed by Donald and is keen to move on.
Joe Jacobs.
Joe Jacobs is an old friend of Sandy Thomas. He appeared in 2008.
Soon after arriving, he flirts with Betty Eagleton, who Sandy had got close to. Months later he reappears when Betty and Pearl Ladderbanks try speed dating at the Woolpack. Pearl quickly gets fond of Joe but she thinks his affection is only because she has a spare ticket for a cruise she has won. Pearl chooses to take Lily Butterfield on the cruise, but Joe drops a suitcase on her foot as he thinks she is being too demanding. Pearl then chooses Joe to go with her on the cruise and he tells her how fond of her he is. When Pearl returns from the cruise without Joe, she reluctantly tells her friends that he had been kicked off the cruise for rude behaviour.
Adele Allfrey.
Adele Allfrey was a worker at Sharma and Sharma sweet factory. She appeared from 2008 to 2010, and was played by Tanya Vital.
After Eric Pollard's staff go on strike, he places an advert for more staff. After having an interview, Adele is given a job along with Leyla Harding. Adele gets on well with the other workers and joins them in playing practical jokes on their supervisor, Lexi King. One day, Adele does not show up for work, and Lexi tells them she had fired Adele as a warning to everyone else to keep their focus on their job. The next day, they learn Adele had actually taken leave to help her sick mother, and she soon returns to work. She loses her job in July 2009 when Eric closes the factory due to a loss in business. She then got her current job at the new sweet factory when it opened in Emmerdale in the summer of 2009.
In the summer of 2010, Adele had a brief fling with Andy Sugden, but the romance was cut short when his ex-wife and Adele's friend Katie admitted sleeping with him. Katie's betrayal then prompted Adele to quit her job and leave the village.
Bonnie Drinkwater.
Bonnie Drinkwater is a holiday friend of Val Pollard. She appeared in 2008.
She arrives in Emmerdale, having met Val in Cancún, Mexico, and her stories of her and Val's drunken holiday antics soon annoy Val but interest Val's husband Eric, who Bonnie starts to flirt with. Val then spends more and more time with Bonnie to keep her away from Eric. After a few days, Bonnie tells Val that during the holiday, Val slept with a much younger man called Derek, a name she has tattooed on her back, although Val does not remember this. Val then feels blackmailed because if she tells Bonnie to leave the village, she fears she will tell Eric of her affair. Later that day, she gets drunk with Doug Potts, whose wife had just said she wanted a divorce, and she tells him to start living his life, causing him to buy a very expensive car the following day.
Val's son, Paul Lambert, orders Bonnie to ring her daughter so she can leave, but later discovers that she rung the Talking Clock. Bonnie then confesses that she has no daughter, and is a spinster who lives in a one-bedroom flat in Barnsley, and Val is her only friend. She had also made up Val sleeping with Derek. Seeing her as a pathetic, clinger-on, Paul tells her to leave the village. Shortly after she drives away in Doug's car, and then spends the night with him at the Vicarage. The following day he tries to get rid of her, but is only successful when Ashley Thomas tells her that if she is to stay at the Vicarage it will have to be in separate rooms and with no alcohol. It is later revealed Doug had contracted crabs from Bonnie.
Danielle Hutch.
Danielle Hutch is a friend of Eli Dingle. She appeared from 2008 to 2009.
Danielle first appears in 2008 when Eli nearly runs her over on a road near Emmerdale. They previously knew each other, and had been romantically involved. She stays at the Dingles' house overnight, but Debbie soon finds her with cocaine in her bag. She is later arrested when caught by PC Shane Doyle and taken to London. 
Danielle reappears in November 2008 when she is spotted working for the McFarlane's, a local criminal family, who paid Doyle to work for them. She warns Jasmine Thomas, who is trying to do some investigative journalism, to stay away from Shane and the McFarlanes. Danielle also helps the Dingles rescue Aaron Livesy from the McFarlanes' house. In February 2009, Danielle arrives in the same prison wing as Debbie Dingle, who has been charged with murdering Shane Doyle. When Eli visits, she explains that after helping the Dingles, the McFarlanes set her up by planting things on her. Eli persuades Danielle to have a fight with Debbie, so they both get sent to hospital. The following week, Eli and Marlon dress up and knock out the officers guarding Debbie and Danielle. Debbie refuses to go with them, but Danielle escapes. However, the following day, the police catch her just as her bus is about to depart.
Andrew Drake.
Sergeant Andrew Drake is a police officer. He appeared from 2008 to 2009.
He decides not to discipline PCs Donna Windsor-Dingle and Charlotte Beecham when they break into PC Shane Doyle's flat when he goes missing. Shortly after is put in charge of the investigation into Doyle's disppearance by Charles Vaughan. This investigation soon ends when Shane's body is found on 30 December 2008. In late January, Drake tries to persuade Donna not to accept a transfer, but is unable to convince her to stay.
Mick Naylor.
Mick Naylor is a farm hand who later works in the Woolpack. He appeared from 2008 to 2009.
He first appears on 3 November 2008 when he visits Jo Sugden at Butlers Farm. He complains that her broken fence has caused cows to go onto his boss' farm. Mick then demands compensation after its discovered that Sam Dingle sold some of Mick's cows by accident. The following day, Mick returns with his grandson Lee and they soon fix their differences. In the following weeks, Mick and Lee help Jo out on the farm following her separation from abusive husband Andy. Jo and Lee start to get on well, and in mid-December Mick warns Lee not to spend too much time flirting with her. By late December, with Lee's help, Jo has decided to sell off most of the farm and leave Emmerdale. With Lee helping her, everything goes fine until Mick turns up. Jo locks him in the barn so he cannot stop her from leaving. He is not discovered until the following morning. 
In February 2009, Diane Sugden pays Mick to help Andy out on the farm, although Andy is not keen on this. When Andy decides to leave the farm, Mick asks Natasha Wylde if he can lease the farm of her. She agrees to this on a temporary basis. However, before this can be formalised Andy changes his mind and decides to keep the farm. The following day Diane offers him a job in the Woolpack, which he accepts. In April he admits to poaching from the Home Farm estate, and setting a trap that trapped Lee's foot, causing him to be rushed to hospital. Later that month he leaves the Woolpack to start helping at the farm again, after Val Pollard asked Andy to employ as she was getting annoyed with him. In May, he becomes homeless after getting into debt with his rent. He moves into Emmerdale's B&B. In June, as Andy begins to suffer a mental breakdown, he pays less and less attention to the farm. Mick, frustrated with the pointless attempts to keep Andy going, quits, and gets a job in Robblesfield. 
Lee Naylor.
Lee Naylor played by Lewis Linford is the grandson of Mick Naylor. He appeared from 2008 to 2009.
Lee first appears on 4 November 2008, when he accompanies his grandfather to Butler's Farm - run by Jo Sugden - to sort out a problem over cattle. Over the following weeks, Mick and Lee help Jo out with the farm, which she is struggling to run after separating from her abusive husband Andy. Lee is a qualified gamekeeper. He and Jo get on well from the start, and when in mid-December 2008, he has to remove his shirt after fixing some plumbing, Mick warns him not to flirt with Jo too much. In late December, Lee catches Andy sabotaging the washing machine so Jo will ask him over to do the repair. They get into a fight, and Andy is thrown out. Jo decides she needs to leave the village, and Lee agrees to help her. She leaves on 22 December.
In February 2009, Lee is made Home Farm's gamekeeper by Natasha Wylde. He soon takes an interest in Katie Sugden, but Nathan Wylde is also interested in Katie and he tries to stop him seeing her. In April, Lee is rushed to hospital after Natasha and Mark find him on the estate having got his foot caught in a poacher's trap. Mick later admits he was the poacher, and Lee is soon sacked by Nathan when Lee punches him after he taunts him about his grandfather. Soon after Nathan rehires him after Katie persuades him to do so. In May, he becomes homeless after Mick's gets into debt with the rent. After sleeping on the grounds for a few nights, he moves to Katie's house. 
Tension continues to simmer between Nathan and Lee. In mid-June Lee has a further argument with Nathan over Katie, and is sacked. This time, however, Lee does not want his job back. When Katie learns that Lee told Nathan about some of her private conversations, she orders him to move out. Lee, already planning to apply for a gamekeeper job elsewhere, packs his bags that day and leaves the village.
Gary McFarlane.
Gary McFarlane is a night club owner. He appeared in 2008.
Gary owns the night club where Jasmine Thomas briefly works, unbeknown to him as an undercover journalist. He is a member of the criminal McFarlane family.
Pam Montclare.
Pamela Montclare has a brief affair with Rodney Blackstock. She appeared from 2008 to 2009.
Pam arrives in Emmerdale with her husband Richard for a Boxing Day shoot at Home Farm. She and Rodney Blackstock soon get on well, and are just about to make love in Rodney's house when Jamie Hope arrives. They just about tidy themselves up before Richard arrives. They return to the village the following week for another shoot, and stay in Rodney's cottage for the first night. When her husband has gone to bed, Pam shares a kiss with Rodney before joining her husband. The following day, while Richard is on a shoot, she and Rodney sleep together. When Shadrach Dingle suggests this to Richard, he goes to the B&B, and although Rodney just has time to escape, Pam cannot hide they have been together. They both then leave the village. However, Pam and Rodney continue their affair and Pam visits the village again on 27 January. They are about to go to his bedroom, when Paul and Diane arrive telling Rodney he cannot have an affair with his heart condition. Pam then quickly leaves, not wanting to be put in that situation. Rodney then explains to Paul and Diane he does not have a heart condition, it was made up by Val Lambert as a ploy to keep Paul in the village.
Richard Montclare.
Richard Montclare stays in Emmerdale for a shoot. He appeared from 2008 to 2009.
He arrives in the village with his wife Pam for a Boxing Day shoot at Home Farm. Pam and Rodney Blackstock soon get on well, and unbeknown to Richard he narrowly avoids walking in on them about to make love. They return to the village the following week for another shoot, and stay in Rodney's cottage for the first night as the B&B is full. The following day Richard is on a shoot while Pam stays at the B&B. When Shadrach Dingle suggests she and Rodney maybe making love, Richard rushes to the B&B with his shot gun. While trying to fight past Jamie Hope to get up the stairs, Richard accidentally shoots Jimmy King - who is trying to find Rodney because he has just discovered the illegal shoot - in the behind. Richard and Pam then leave the village. The following day, Richard returns when Jimmy demands thousands of pounds in compensation in return for not telling the police.
Nick Henshall.
Detective Sergeant Nicholas "Nick" Henshall, played by Michael McKell, was a local police officer. He made his first appearance on 31 December 2008. He returned in 2010 and began a relationship with Katie Sugden and started a fire that killed two people. He departed on 17 February 2011 when he killed himself.
In January 2011, McKell told "Inside Soap" that Henshall did not intend for anyone to be hurt by the fire he started. The fire claimed the lives of Terry Woods (Billy Hartman) and Viv Hope (Deena Payne). McKell revealed that Henshall's wife, Alison, was killed in a fire that was intended for him. He could not rescue his wife and uses the fire at Victoria Cottage as a way to make amends. McKell said "Because he felt powerless to help, he invested his life in his career and actually became a very good cop in the process. When he set alight Katie's cottage, he only wanted to start a little fire so he could be a hero and she'd need him." Henshall later became unstable and a hostage situation occurred between him and Katie (Sammy Winward).
Storylines.
Detective Constable Henshall is first seen when he and DS Karen Williams (Annie Fitzmaurice) investigate the murder of policeman Shane Doyle (Paul McEwan) and they initially arrest Eli Dingle (Joseph Gilgun) for the murder and he implicates Debbie Dingle (Charley Webb) and Jasmine Thomas (Jenna-Louise Coleman) as being Shane's killers and Henshall and Williams arrest and charge Debbie with the murder. However, Jasmine later hands herself in and confesses to Henshall and Williams that she killed Shane. In February 2009, Henshall investigates the disappearance of Will Wylde (Oscar Lloyd) and in May questions Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) about a break-in. He is promoted to Detective Sergeant and returns in July 2010 to investigate the murder of Mark Wylde (Maxwell Caulfield). He and DC Laura Prior initially arrest Nathan Wylde (Lyndon Ogbourne), but release him without charge due to a lack of evidence. They then arrest and charge Ryan Lamb (James Sutton), but Natasha Wylde (Amanda Donohoe) is proven to be the killer. In November 2010, Henshall investigates the theft of two horses from Home Farm and he later buys stable manager, Katie Sugden a drink. Katie's ex-husband, Andy Sugden (Kelvin Fletcher) is not happy with Katie dating Henshall and they goad each other. In December 2010, Henshall investigates the disappearance of Jacob Gallagher (Joe Warren-Plant) and he suggests to Jacob's parents Alicia (Natalie Anderson) and Justin (Andrew Langtree) that they hold a televised appeal. David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) eventually finds Jacob in an old building and rescues him, despite Henshall telling him to wait.
Katie and her housemates, Gennie Walker (Sian Reese-Williams) and Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter), receive prank calls and they are later burgled. Gennie tells Henshall that she thinks Andy may be responsible. On a date with Katie, Henshall mentions his dead wife, Alison. When they get back to Katie's, Henshall argues with Andy in the street and she decides to end their relationship. Later, Henshall returns with a petrol can and starts a fire at the back of Victoria Cottage. He tries to ring Katie, but she does not answer and he assumes that she has gone out. Henshall hides and watches as Carl King (Tom Lister), Andy and other residents try to put the fire out. The fire spreads and kills Terry Woods and Viv Hope when the Post Office catches alight. Henshall returns the following morning to investigate the fire with Prior and they interview both Andy and Carl. In the coming weeks, Katie and Henshall get back together. Henshall attends both Terry's funeral and Viv's memorial service at The Woolpack. Andy makes a complaint about Henshall harassing him and reveals his relationship with Katie to his colleague Prior. Henshall is then taken off the case and he blames Prior for ruining his chances of promotion. Henshall threatens Andy by holding his face over a gas cooker in his caravan. Henshall and Gennie go to Butler's Farm after Brenda Walker (Lesley Dunlop) goes to confront Andy. When they arrive, they discover that Brenda crashed her car into Andy's caravan. Henshall talks to Andy's landlords John (James Thornton) and Moira Barton (Natalie J. Robb) and they agree not to press charges.
Colleague Laura Prior warns Henshall to stay away from the case and that she knows that he withheld information from Katie and Carl's statements. On Valentine's Day, Henshall takes Katie for a meal at the B&B and tells her that he is falling in love with her. Andy arrives with Alicia to watch them and Henshall demands that he leave. Henshall asks his colleague DC Darren Foster for updates on the case and Foster tells Henshall that they have CCTV footage from the shop where the phone used to make the calls to Victoria Cottage was bought from. Henshall asks Katie to come away with him and she agrees. At his home, Katie finds some newspaper clippings about his wife Alison's death. Katie asks Henshall about them and he tells her that Alison died in an arson attack on their home. Katie discovers her stolen bracelet and Henshall locks the front door and starts to barricade the house. Katie realises that he is responsible for the prank phone calls, the burglary and the fire. Henshall tells Katie that he tried to save his wife and that it was his fault she died as their home was targeted by some criminals he had arrested and imprisoned. He tells her that he wanted to make up for Alison's death and that he wanted her to need him, so he started the fire at her home in order for him to rescue her. Henshall insists that Terry and Viv's deaths were accidental. Katie demands that he let her go but he refuses, telling her that he loves her and insists that she loves him. Katie tries to escape, but Henshall stops her. Prior and Foster call round to question Henshall after discovering he is responsible for starting the fire and realise that Katie is in the house. Prior calls Katie's phone and Henshall answers and shows them Katie at the window to prove she is alive. He produces a gun and Katie begs him not to use it and he suggests killing them both in order for them to be together. A shot is fired and Katie leaves the house. She tells Prior and Andy, who arrive at the scene with Gennie, that Henshall has killed himself.

</doc>
<doc id="20903685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903685" title="Joli chaos">
Joli chaos

Joli chaos is an album by Daniel Bélanger, released in 2008 on Audiogram. It was released as a double album, consisting of a greatest hits compilation on the first disc and ten previously unreleased rarities on the second.
"Déflaboxe" is his only studio album that doesn't have any songs on the first CD.
Credits (CD 1).
Tracks 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 from "Les Insomniaques s'amusent"Tracks 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 from "Quatre saisons dans le désordre"Tracks 11, 12, 13, 14 and 15 from "Rêver mieux"Tracks 16, 17, 18 and 19 from "L'Échec du matériel"

</doc>
<doc id="20903696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903696" title="Radical 6">
Radical 6

Radical 6 meaning "hook" is one of six of the 214 Kangxi radicals that are composed of only one stroke.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 19 characters (out of 40,000) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="20903701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903701" title="Bargad">
Bargad

Bargad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20903722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903722" title="Manaf">
Manaf

Manaf may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20903743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903743" title="Wyoming Highway 585">
Wyoming Highway 585

Wyoming Highway 585 is a north-south Wyoming State Road located in Weston and Crook counties in northwestern Wyoming.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 585 starts it south end at US 85 in Four Corners, and from there, travels north-northwest through the northeastern corner of Weston County and into Crook County. WYO 585 has an interchange with Interstate 90 (Exit 187) at in Sundance. WYO 585 ends a half mile later at I-90 Business/US 14 (Cleveland Street).
History.
Wyoming Highway 585 was commissioned in 1933 and has kept its original alignment since then. In 1933, US 85 had four US auxiliary routes: US 185, US 285, US 385, and US 485. It was possible that planners wanted WYO 585 to be made into US 585, however, that never happened.

</doc>
<doc id="20903754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903754" title="Robotics">
Robotics

Robotics is the branch of technology that deals with the design, construction, operation, and application of robots, as well as computer systems for their control, sensory feedback, and information processing. The design of a given robotic system will often incorporate principles of mechanical engineering, electronic engineering, and computer science (particularly artificial intelligence). The study of biological systems often plays a key role in the systems engineering of a project and also forms the field of bionics. The mathematical expression of a biological system may give rise to control algorithms for example, or by observing how a process is handled by nature, for example the bifocal vision system, an analogous system may be formed using electronics.
The concept of creating machines that can operate autonomously dates back to classical times, but research into the functionality and potential uses of robots did not grow substantially until the 20th century. Throughout history, robotics has been often seen to mimic human behavior, and often manage tasks in a similar fashion. Today, robotics is a rapidly growing field, as technological advances continue, research, design, and building new robots serve various practical purposes, whether domestically, commercially, or militarily. Many robots do jobs that are hazardous to people such as defusing bombs, mines and exploring shipwrecks. 
Etymology.
The word "robotics" was derived from the word "robot", which was introduced to the public by Czech writer Karel Čapek in his play "R.U.R. (Rossum's Universal Robots)", which was published in 1920. The word "robot" comes from the Slavic word "robota", which means labour. The play begins in a factory that makes artificial people called "robots", creatures who can be mistaken for humans – similar to the modern ideas of androids. Karel Čapek himself did not coin the word. He wrote a short letter in reference to an etymology in the "Oxford English Dictionary" in which he named his brother Josef Čapek as its actual originator.
According to the "Oxford English Dictionary", the word "robotics" was first used in print by Isaac Asimov, in his science fiction short story "Liar!", published in May 1941 in "Astounding Science Fiction". Asimov was unaware that he was coining the term; since the science and technology of electrical devices is "electronics", he assumed "robotics" already referred to the science and technology of robots. In some of Asimov's other works, he states that the first use of the word "robotics" was in his short story "Runaround" (Astounding Science Fiction, March 1942). However, the original publication of "Liar!" predates that of "Runaround" by five months, so the former is generally cited as the word's origin.
History of robotics.
In 1927 the "Maschinenmensch" ("machine-human") gynoid humanoid robot (also called "Parody", "Futura", "Robotrix", or the "Maria impersonator") was the first depiction of a robot ever to appear on film was played by German actress Brigitte Helm in Fritz Lang's film Metropolis.
In 1942 the science fiction writer Isaac Asimov formulated his Three Laws of Robotics.
In 1948 Norbert Wiener formulated the principles of cybernetics, the basis of practical robotics.
Fully autonomous robots only appeared in the second half of the 20th century. The first digitally operated and programmable robot, the Unimate, was installed in 1961 to lift hot pieces of metal from a die casting machine and stack them. Commercial and industrial robots are widespread today and used to perform jobs more cheaply, or more accurately and reliably, than humans. They are also employed in jobs which are too dirty, dangerous, or dull to be suitable for humans. Robots are widely used in manufacturing, assembly, packing and packaging, transport, earth and space exploration, surgery, weaponry, laboratory research, safety, and the mass production of consumer and industrial goods.
Components.
Power source.
At present mostly (lead-acid) batteries are used as a power source. Many different types of batteries can be used as a power source for robots. They range from lead acid batteries which are safe and have relatively long shelf lives but are rather heavy to silver cadmium batteries that are much smaller in volume and are currently much more expensive. Designing a battery powered robot needs to take into account factors such as safety, cycle lifetime and weight. Generators, often some type of internal combustion engine, can also be used. However, such designs are often mechanically complex and need fuel, require heat dissipation and are relatively heavy. A tether connecting the robot to a power supply would remove the power supply from the robot entirely. This has the advantage of saving weight and space by moving all power generation and storage components elsewhere. However, this design does come with the drawback of constantly having a cable connected to the robot, which can be difficult to manage. Potential power sources could be:
Actuation.
Actuators are like the "muscles" of a robot, the parts which convert stored energy into movement. By far the most popular actuators are electric motors that spin a wheel or gear, and linear actuators that control industrial robots in factories. But there are some recent advances in alternative types of actuators, powered by electricity, chemicals, or compressed air.
Electric motors.
The majority of robots use electric motors, often brushed and brushless DC motors in portable robots, or AC motors in industrial robots and CNC machines. These motors are often preferred in systems with lighter loads, and where the predominant form of motion is rotational.
Linear actuators.
Various types of linear actuators move in and out instead of rotating, and often have quicker direction changes, particularly when very large forces are needed such as with industrial robotics. They are typically powered by compressed air (pneumatic actuator) or an oil (hydraulic actuator).
Series elastic actuators.
A spring can be designed as part of the motor actuator, to allow improved force control. It has been used in various robots, particularly walking humanoid robots.
Air muscles.
Pneumatic artificial muscles, also known as air muscles, are special tubes that contract (typically up to 40%) when air is forced inside them. They have been used for some robot applications.
Muscle wire.
Muscle wire, also known as Shape Memory Alloy, Nitinol or Flexinol Wire, is a material that contracts slightly (typically under 5%) when electricity runs through it. They have been used for some small robot applications.
Electroactive polymers.
EAPs or EPAMs are a new plastic material that can contract substantially (up to 380% activation strain) from electricity, and have been used in facial muscles and arms of humanoid robots, and to allow new robots to float, fly, swim or walk.
Piezo motors.
Recent alternatives to DC motors are piezo motors or ultrasonic motors. These work on a fundamentally different principle, whereby tiny piezoceramic elements, vibrating many thousands of times per second, cause linear or rotary motion. There are different mechanisms of operation; one type uses the vibration of the piezo elements to walk the motor in a circle or a straight line. Another type uses the piezo elements to cause a nut to vibrate and drive a screw. The advantages of these motors are nanometer resolution, speed, and available force for their size. These motors are already available commercially, and being used on some robots.
Elastic nanotubes.
Elastic nanotubes are a promising artificial muscle technology in early-stage experimental development. The absence of defects in carbon nanotubes enables these filaments to deform elastically by several percent, with energy storage levels of perhaps 10 J/cm3 for metal nanotubes. Human biceps could be replaced with an 8 mm diameter wire of this material. Such compact "muscle" might allow future robots to outrun and outjump humans.
Sensing.
Sensors allow robots to receive information about a certain measurement of the environment, or internal components. This is essential for robots to perform their tasks, and act upon any changes in the environment to calculate the appropriate response. They are used for various forms of measurements, to give the robots warnings about safety or malfunctions, and to provide real time information of the task it is performing.
Touch.
Current robotic and prosthetic hands receive far less tactile information than the human hand. Recent research has developed a tactile sensor array that mimics the mechanical properties and touch receptors of human fingertips. The sensor array is constructed as a rigid core surrounded by conductive fluid contained by an elastomeric skin. Electrodes are mounted on the surface of the rigid core and are connected to an impedance-measuring device within the core. When the artificial skin touches an object the fluid path around the electrodes is deformed, producing impedance changes that map the forces received from the object. The researchers expect that an important function of such artificial fingertips will be adjusting robotic grip on held objects.
Scientists from several European countries and Israel developed a prosthetic hand in 2009, called SmartHand, which functions like a real one—allowing patients to write with it, type on a keyboard, play piano and perform other fine movements. The prosthesis has sensors which enable the patient to sense real feeling in its fingertips.
An amputee, Dennis Aabo Sorensen, has been transplanted with a bionic hand which allows him to feel what he is touching in a world first scientific breakthrough in 2014. In contrast with previous approaches to replace a lost sense of touch by, for example, vibrating the skin, the new approach provides "anatomically appropriate feedback and by directly stimulating the nerves, it's possible that you can appropriately restore that sensory feedback" researchers said.
Vision.
Computer vision is the science and technology of machines that see. As a scientific discipline, computer vision is concerned with the theory behind artificial systems that extract information from images. The image data can take many forms, such as video sequences and views from cameras.
In most practical computer vision applications, the computers are pre-programmed to solve a particular task, but methods based on learning are now becoming increasingly common.
Computer vision systems rely on image sensors which detect electromagnetic radiation which is typically in the form of either visible light or infra-red light. The sensors are designed using solid-state physics. The process by which light propagates and reflects off surfaces is explained using optics. Sophisticated image sensors even require quantum mechanics to provide a complete understanding of the image formation process. Robots can also be equipped with multiple vision sensors to be better able to compute the sense of depth in the environment. Like human eyes, robots' "eyes" must also be able to focus on a particular area of interest, and also adjust to variations in light intensities.
There is a subfield within computer vision where artificial systems are designed to mimic the processing and behavior of biological system, at different levels of complexity. Also, some of the learning-based methods developed within computer vision have their background in biology.
Other.
Other common forms of sensing in robotics use LIDAR, RADAR and SONAR.
Manipulation.
Robots need to manipulate objects; pick up, modify,or otherwise have an effect.Thus the "hands" of a robot are often referred to as "end effectors", while the "arm" is referred to as a "manipulator". Most robot arms have replaceable effectors, each allowing them to perform some small range of tasks. Some have a fixed manipulator which cannot be replaced, while a few have one very general purpose manipulator, for example a humanoid hand.
For the definitive guide to all forms of robot end-effectors, their design, and usage consult the book "Robot Grippers".
Mechanical grippers.
One of the most common effectors is the gripper. In its simplest manifestation it consists of just two fingers which can open and close to pick up and let go of a range of small objects. Fingers can for example be made of a chain with a metal wire run through it. Hands that resemble and work more like a human hand include the Shadow Hand, the Robonaut hand, ... Hands that are of a mid-level complexity include the Delft hand. An example of a simpler mechanical gripper is Cornell's universal jamming gripper, which does not use fingers but instead uses the principle of granular jamming to switch the gripper from deformable to solid.
Mechanical grippers can come in various types, including friction and encompassing jaws. Friction jaws use all the force of the gripper to hold the object in place using friction. Encompassing jaws cradle the object in place, using less friction.
Vacuum grippers.
Vacuum grippers are very simple astrictive devices, but can hold very large loads provided the prehension surface is smooth enough to ensure suction.
Pick and place robots for electronic components and for large objects like car screens, often use very simple vacuum grippers.
General-purpose effectors.
Some advanced robots are beginning to use fully humanoid hands, like the Shadow Hand, MANUS, and the Schunk hand. These are highly dexterous manipulators, with as many as 20 degrees of freedom and hundreds of tactile sensors.
Locomotion.
Rolling robots.
For simplicity most mobile robots have four wheels or a number of continuous tracks. Some researchers have tried to create more complex wheeled robots with only one or two wheels. These can have certain advantages such as greater efficiency and reduced parts, as well as allowing a robot to navigate in confined places that a four wheeled robot would not be able to.
Two-wheeled balancing robots.
Balancing robots generally use a gyroscope to detect how much a robot is falling and then drive the wheels proportionally in the opposite direction, to counterbalance the fall at hundreds of times per second, based on the dynamics of an inverted pendulum. Many different balancing robots have been designed. While the Segway is not commonly thought of as a robot, it can be thought of as a component of a robot, when used as such Segway refer to them as RMP (Robotic Mobility Platform). An example of this use has been as NASA's Robonaut that has been mounted on a Segway.
One-wheeled balancing robots.
A one-wheeled balancing robot is an extension of a two-wheeled balancing robot so that it can move in any 2D direction using a round ball as its only wheel. Several one-wheeled balancing robots have been designed recently, such as Carnegie Mellon University's "Ballbot" that is the approximate height and width of a person, and Tohoku Gakuin University's "BallIP". Because of the long, thin shape and ability to maneuver in tight spaces, they have the potential to function better than other robots in environments with people.
Spherical orb robots.
Several attempts have been made in robots that are completely inside a spherical ball, either by spinning a weight inside the ball, or by rotating the outer shells of the sphere. These have also been referred to as an orb bot or a ball bot.
Six-wheeled robots.
Using six wheels instead of four wheels can give better traction or grip in outdoor terrain such as on rocky dirt or grass.
Tracked robots.
Tank tracks provide even more traction than a six-wheeled robot. Tracked wheels behave as if they were made of hundreds of wheels, therefore are very common for outdoor and military robots, where the robot must drive on very rough terrain. However, they are difficult to use indoors such as on carpets and smooth floors. Examples include NASA's Urban Robot "Urbie".
Walking applied to robots.
Walking is a difficult and dynamic problem to solve. Several robots have been made which can walk reliably on two legs, however none have yet been made which are as robust as a human. There has been much study on human inspired walking, such as AMBER lab which was established in 2008 by the Mechanical Engineering Department at Texas A&M University. Many other robots have been built that walk on more than two legs, due to these robots being significantly easier to construct. Walking robots can be used for uneven terrains, which would provide better mobility and energy efficiency than other locomotion methods. Hybrids too have been proposed in movies such as I, Robot, where they walk on 2 legs and switch to 4 (arms+legs) when going to a sprint. Typically, robots on 2 legs can walk well on flat floors and can occasionally walk up stairs. None can walk over rocky, uneven terrain. Some of the methods which have been tried are:
ZMP Technique.
The Zero Moment Point (ZMP) is the algorithm used by robots such as Honda's ASIMO. The robot's onboard computer tries to keep the total inertial forces (the combination of Earth's gravity and the acceleration and deceleration of walking), exactly opposed by the floor reaction force (the force of the floor pushing back on the robot's foot). In this way, the two forces cancel out, leaving no moment (force causing the robot to rotate and fall over). However, this is not exactly how a human walks, and the difference is obvious to human observers, some of whom have pointed out that ASIMO walks as if it needs the lavatory. ASIMO's walking algorithm is not static, and some dynamic balancing is used (see below). However, it still requires a smooth surface to walk on.
Hopping.
Several robots, built in the 1980s by Marc Raibert at the MIT Leg Laboratory, successfully demonstrated very dynamic walking. Initially, a robot with only one leg, and a very small foot, could stay upright simply by hopping. The movement is the same as that of a person on a pogo stick. As the robot falls to one side, it would jump slightly in that direction, in order to catch itself. Soon, the algorithm was generalised to two and four legs. A bipedal robot was demonstrated running and even performing somersaults. A quadruped was also demonstrated which could trot, run, pace, and bound. For a full list of these robots, see the MIT Leg Lab Robots page.
Dynamic balancing (controlled falling).
A more advanced way for a robot to walk is by using a dynamic balancing algorithm, which is potentially more robust than the Zero Moment Point technique, as it constantly monitors the robot's motion, and places the feet in order to maintain stability. This technique was recently demonstrated by Anybots' Dexter Robot, which is so stable, it can even jump. Another example is the TU Delft Flame.
Passive dynamics.
Perhaps the most promising approach utilizes passive dynamics where the momentum of swinging limbs is used for greater efficiency. It has been shown that totally unpowered humanoid mechanisms can walk down a gentle slope, using only gravity to propel themselves. Using this technique, a robot need only supply a small amount of motor power to walk along a flat surface or a little more to walk up a hill. This technique promises to make walking robots at least ten times more efficient than ZMP walkers, like ASIMO.
Other methods of locomotion.
Flying.
A modern passenger airliner is essentially a flying robot, with two humans to manage it. The autopilot can control the plane for each stage of the journey, including takeoff, normal flight, and even landing. Other flying robots are uninhabited, and are known as unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). They can be smaller and lighter without a human pilot on board, and fly into dangerous territory for military surveillance missions. Some can even fire on targets under command. UAVs are also being developed which can fire on targets automatically, without the need for a command from a human. Other flying robots include cruise missiles, the Entomopter, and the Epson micro helicopter robot. Robots such as the Air Penguin, Air Ray, and Air Jelly have lighter-than-air bodies, propelled by paddles, and guided by sonar.
Snaking.
Several snake robots have been successfully developed. Mimicking the way real snakes move, these robots can navigate very confined spaces, meaning they may one day be used to search for people trapped in collapsed buildings. The Japanese ACM-R5 snake robot can even navigate both on land and in water.
Skating.
A small number of skating robots have been developed, one of which is a multi-mode walking and skating device. It has four legs, with unpowered wheels, which can either step or roll. Another robot, Plen, can use a miniature skateboard or roller-skates, and skate across a desktop.
Climbing.
Several different approaches have been used to develop robots that have the ability to climb vertical surfaces. One approach, free climbing, mimics the movements of a human climber on a wall with protrusions; adjusting the center of mass and moving each limb in turn to gain leverage. Today, the most advanced free climbing robot is Capuchin, built by Dr. Ruixiang Zhang in the NASA funded Climbing Robot Project at Stanford University. Capuchin is able recognize the terrain features and plan a feasible path. Compared to previous robots, Capuchin climbs fast and reliably. The free climbing capability that Capuchin possesses is critical to robotic exploration on Martian Cliffs. 
Another approach uses the specialized toe pad method of wall-climbing geckoes, which can run on smooth surfaces such as vertical glass. Examples of this approach include Wallbot and Stickybot. China's "Technology Daily" November 15, 2008 reported New Concept Aircraft (ZHUHAI) Co., Ltd. Dr. Li Hiu Yeung and his research group have recently successfully developed the bionic gecko robot "Speedy Freelander". According to Dr. Li's introduction, this gecko robot can rapidly climb up and down on a variety of building walls, ground and vertical wall fissures or walk upside down on the ceiling. The Speedy Freelander is able to adapt to smooth glass, rough or sticky dust walls as well as the various surfaces of metallic materials. It can automatically identify obstacles, and plan the bypass to circumvent them. Its flexibility and speed are comparable to the natural gecko.
A third approach is to mimic the motion of a snake climbing a pole.
Swimming (Piscine).
It is calculated that when swimming some fish can achieve a propulsive efficiency greater than 90%. Furthermore, they can accelerate and maneuver far better than any man-made boat or submarine, and produce less noise and water disturbance. Therefore, many researchers studying underwater robots would like to copy this type of locomotion. Notable examples are the Essex University Computer Science Robotic Fish, and the Robot Tuna built by the Institute of Field Robotics, to analyze and mathematically model thunniform motion. The Aqua Penguin, designed and built by Festo of Germany, copies the streamlined shape and propulsion by front "flippers" of penguins. Festo have also built the Aqua Ray and Aqua Jelly, which emulate the locomotion of manta ray, and jellyfish, respectively.
Sailing.
Sailboat robots have also been developed in order to make measurements at the surface of the ocean. A typical sailboat robot is "Vaimos"
built by IFREMER and ENSTA-Bretagne. Since the propulsion of sailboat robots uses the wind, the energy of the batteries is only used for the computer, for the communication and for the actuators (to tune the rudder and the sail). If the robot is equipped with solar panel, the robot could theoretically navigate forever. The two main competitions of sailboat robots are WRSC which takes place every year in Europe and Sailbot.
Environmental interaction and navigation.
Though a significant percentage of robots in commission today are either human controlled, or operate in a static environment, there is an increasing interest in robots that can operate autonomously in a dynamic environment. These robots require some combination of navigation hardware and software in order to traverse their environment. In particular unforeseen events (e.g. people and other obstacles that are not stationary) can cause problems or collisions. Some highly advanced robots such as ASIMO, and Meinü robot have particularly good robot navigation hardware and software. Also, self-controlled cars, Ernst Dickmanns' driverless car, and the entries in the DARPA Grand Challenge, are capable of sensing the environment well and subsequently making navigational decisions based on this information. Most of these robots employ a GPS navigation device with waypoints, along with radar, sometimes combined with other sensory data such as LIDAR, video cameras, and inertial guidance systems for better navigation between waypoints.
Human-robot interaction.
If robots are to work effectively in homes and other non-industrial environments, the way they are instructed to perform their jobs, and especially how they will be told to stop will be of critical importance. The people who interact with them may have little or no training in robotics, and so any interface will need to be extremely intuitive. Science fiction authors also typically assume that robots will eventually be capable of communicating with humans through speech, gestures, and facial expressions, rather than a command-line interface. Although speech would be the most natural way for the human to communicate, it is unnatural for the robot. It will probably be a long time before robots interact as naturally as the fictional C-3PO.
Speech recognition.
Interpreting the continuous flow of sounds coming from a human, in real time, is a difficult task for a computer, mostly because of the great variability of speech. The same word, spoken by the same person may sound different depending on local acoustics, volume, the previous word, whether or not the speaker has a cold, etc.. It becomes even harder when the speaker has a different accent. Nevertheless, great strides have been made in the field since Davis, Biddulph, and Balashek designed the first "voice input system" which recognized "ten digits spoken by a single user with 100% accuracy" in 1952. Currently, the best systems can recognize continuous, natural speech, up to 160 words per minute, with an accuracy of 95%.
Robotic voice.
Other hurdles exist when allowing the robot to use voice for interacting with humans. For social reasons, synthetic voice proves suboptimal as a communication medium, making it necessary to develop the emotional component of robotic voice through various techniques.
Gestures.
One can imagine, in the future, explaining to a robot chef how to make a pastry, or asking directions from a robot police officer. In both of these cases, making hand gestures would aid the verbal descriptions. In the first case, the robot would be recognizing gestures made by the human, and perhaps repeating them for confirmation. In the second case, the robot police officer would gesture to indicate "down the road, then turn right". It is likely that gestures will make up a part of the interaction between humans and robots.
Facial expression.
Facial expressions can provide rapid feedback on the progress of a dialog between two humans, and soon may be able to do the same for humans and robots. Robotic faces have been constructed by Hanson Robotics using their elastic polymer called Frubber, allowing a large number of facial expressions due to the elasticity of the rubber facial coating and embedded subsurface motors (servos). The coating and servos are built on a metal skull. A robot should know how to approach a human, judging by their facial expression and body language. Whether the person is happy, frightened, or crazy-looking affects the type of interaction expected of the robot. Likewise, robots like Kismet and the more recent addition, Nexi can produce a range of facial expressions, allowing it to have meaningful social exchanges with humans.
Artificial emotions.
Artificial emotions can also be generated, composed of a sequence of facial expressions and/or gestures. As can be seen from the movie , the programming of these artificial emotions is complex and requires a large amount of human observation. To simplify this programming in the movie, presets were created together with a special software program. This decreased the amount of time needed to make the film. These presets could possibly be transferred for use in real-life robots.
Personality.
Many of the robots of science fiction have a personality, something which may or may not be desirable in the commercial robots of the future. Nevertheless, researchers are trying to create robots which appear to have a personality: i.e. they use sounds, facial expressions, and body language to try to convey an internal state, which may be joy, sadness, or fear. One commercial example is Pleo, a toy robot dinosaur, which can exhibit several apparent emotions.
Control.
The mechanical structure of a robot must be controlled to perform tasks.
The control of a robot involves three distinct phases – perception, processing, and action (robotic paradigms). Sensors give information about the environment or the robot itself (e.g. the position of its joints or its end effector). This information is then processed to calculate the appropriate signals to the actuators (motors) which move the mechanical.
The processing phase can range in complexity. At a reactive level, it may translate raw sensor information directly into actuator commands. Sensor fusion may first be used to estimate parameters of interest (e.g. the position of the robot's gripper) from noisy sensor data. An immediate task (such as moving the gripper in a certain direction) is inferred from these estimates. Techniques from control theory convert the task into commands that drive the actuators.
At longer time scales or with more sophisticated tasks, the robot may need to build and reason with a "cognitive" model. Cognitive models try to represent the robot, the world, and how they interact. Pattern recognition and computer vision can be used to track objects. Mapping techniques can be used to build maps of the world. Finally, motion planning and other artificial intelligence techniques may be used to figure out how to act. For example, a planner may figure out how to achieve a task without hitting obstacles, falling over, etc.
Autonomy levels.
Control systems may also have varying levels of autonomy.
Another classification takes into account the interaction between human control and the machine motions.
Robotics research.
Much of the research in robotics focuses not on specific industrial tasks, but on investigations into new types of robots, alternative ways to think about or design robots, and new ways to manufacture them but other investigations, such as MIT's cyberflora project, are almost wholly academic.
A first particular new innovation in robot design is the opensourcing of robot-projects. To describe the level of advancement of a robot, the term "Generation Robots" can be used. This term is coined by Professor Hans Moravec, Principal Research Scientist at the Carnegie Mellon University Robotics Institute in describing the near future evolution of robot technology. "First generation" robots, Moravec predicted in 1997, should have an intellectual capacity comparable to perhaps a lizard and should become available by 2010. Because the "first generation" robot would be incapable of learning, however, Moravec predicts that the "second generation" robot would be an improvement over the "first" and become available by 2020, with the intelligence maybe comparable to that of a mouse. The "third generation" robot should have the intelligence comparable to that of a monkey. Though "fourth generation" robots, robots with human intelligence, professor Moravec predicts, would become possible, he does not predict this happening before around 2040 or 2050.
The second is Evolutionary Robots. This is a methodology that uses evolutionary computation to help design robots, especially the body form, or motion and behavior controllers. In a similar way to natural evolution, a large population of robots is allowed to compete in some way, or their ability to perform a task is measured using a fitness function. Those that perform worst are removed from the population, and replaced by a new set, which have new behaviors based on those of the winners. Over time the population improves, and eventually a satisfactory robot may appear. This happens without any direct programming of the robots by the researchers. Researchers use this method both to create better robots, and to explore the nature of evolution. Because the process often requires many generations of robots to be simulated, this technique may be run entirely or mostly in simulation, then tested on real robots once the evolved algorithms are good enough. Currently, there are about 1 million industrial robots toiling around the world, and Japan is the top country having high density of utilizing robots in its manufacturing industry.
Dynamics and kinematics.
The study of motion can be divided into kinematics and dynamics. Direct kinematics refers to the calculation of end effector position, orientation, velocity, and acceleration when the corresponding joint values are known. Inverse kinematics refers to the opposite case in which required joint values are calculated for given end effector values, as done in path planning. Some special aspects of kinematics include handling of redundancy (different possibilities of performing the same movement), collision avoidance, and singularity avoidance. Once all relevant positions, velocities, and accelerations have been calculated using kinematics, methods from the field of dynamics are used to study the effect of forces upon these movements. Direct dynamics refers to the calculation of accelerations in the robot once the applied forces are known. Direct dynamics is used in computer simulations of the robot. Inverse dynamics refers to the calculation of the actuator forces necessary to create a prescribed end effector acceleration. This information can be used to improve the control algorithms of a robot.
In each area mentioned above, researchers strive to develop new concepts and strategies, improve existing ones, and improve the interaction between these areas. To do this, criteria for "optimal" performance and ways to optimize design, structure, and control of robots must be developed and implemented.
Education and training.
Robotics engineers design robots, maintain them, develop new applications for them, and conduct research to expand the potential of robotics. Robots have become a popular educational tool in some middle and high schools, as well as in numerous youth summer camps, raising interest in programming, artificial intelligence and robotics among students. First-year computer science courses at several universities now include programming of a robot in addition to traditional software engineering-based coursework. On the Technion I&M faculty an educational laboratory was established in 1994 by Dr. Jacob Rubinovitz.
Career training.
Universities offer bachelors, masters, and doctoral degrees in the field of robotics. Vocational schools offer robotics training aimed at careers in robotics.
Certification.
The Robotics Certification Standards Alliance (RCSA) is an international robotics certification authority that confers various industry- and educational-related robotics certifications.
Summer robotics camp.
Several national summer camp programs include robotics as part of their core curriculum, including Digital Media Academy, RoboTech, and Cybercamps. In addition, youth summer robotics programs are frequently offered by celebrated museums such as the American Museum of Natural History and The Tech Museum of Innovation in Silicon Valley, CA, just to name a few. An educational robotics lab also exists at the IE & mgmnt Faculty of the Technion. It was created by Dr. Jacob Rubinovitz.
Robotics afterschool programs.
Many schools across the country are beginning to add robotics programs to their after school curriculum. Three main programs for afterschool robotics are Botball, FIRST Robotics Competition, and Vex Robotics Design System.
Employment.
Robotics is an essential component in many modern manufacturing environments. As factories increase their use of robots, the number of robotics–related jobs grow and have been observed to be steadily rising.

</doc>
<doc id="20903758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903758" title="Edmund D. Ellis">
Edmund D. Ellis

Colonel Edmund DeTreville Ellis (March 1890 - 1995) was a member of the U.S. Military Academy Class of 1915 (the class the stars fell on) which included Henry Aurand, Omar Bradley, Dwight D. Eisenhower, John W. Leonard, Henry Sayler, James Van Fleet, and a number of other famous generals. Ellis served as class secretary for many years and compiled periodic news letters which contained information about the members of the class and their families and were distributed to surviving classmates and spouses. The newsletter was discontinued after 1982 due to the decline in the number of classmates.

</doc>
<doc id="20903759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903759" title="2001 Brasil Open – Men's Doubles">
2001 Brasil Open – Men's Doubles

Enzo Artoni and Daniel Melo won in the final 6–3, 1–6, 7–6(7–5) against Gastón Etlis and Brent Haygarth.

</doc>
<doc id="20903762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903762" title="Palomino Hills (MVTA station)">
Palomino Hills (MVTA station)

Palomino Park & Ride is a transit facility located in the northern vicinity of Apple Valley, Minnesota. The park and ride lot has 304 parking spaces and is located next to Palomino Hills Park. The location had been considered for a station along the Cedar Avenue Bus Rapid Transitway, now known as the Red Line, but it has been dropped from the initial phase of the project.
According to Metropolitan Council bus stop data, the park-and-ride lot was first established in 1993. The lot is shared with the adjacent Christus Victor Church. Buses currently pick up passengers along Pennock Avenue, a road that parallels Cedar Avenue/Minnesota State Highway 77 just to the west. Under a BRT scheme, station platforms would be built along the main highway, eliminating the need for buses to exit the highway and run along surface streets to access the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20903764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903764" title="The Complete Last Concert">
The Complete Last Concert

The Complete Last Concert is a double CD live album by American jazz group the Modern Jazz Quartet featuring performances recorded at Avery Fisher Hall in 1974 and released on the Atlantic label originally as a double album The Last Concert (1975) and More from the Last Concert (1981) before the complete edition was released in 1988.
Reception.
The Allmusic review stated "The Modern Jazz Quartet broke up after the concert documented on this double CD. It would be nearly seven years before the group got back together again but it certainly went out on top".
Track listing.
"All compositions by John Lewis except as indicated"
Disc One:
Disc Two:

</doc>
<doc id="20903769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903769" title="Alex Lovy">
Alex Lovy

Alex Lovy (September 2, 1913 - February 14, 1992) was an American animator, who spent the majority of his career as an animator and director at Walter Lantz Productions, later being a producer at Hanna-Barbera, and also supervising the cartoon unit at Warner Bros. during its final days.
Life and career.
Lovy's early career was spent as a comic artist at DC Comics, and he became an animator at the Lantz studio in the late 1930s, his first credit being as director of "Feed the Kitty" in 1938. Studio head Walter Lantz was taking a hiatus from directing at this time, and Lovy directed many of the studio's shorts in the 1938-1940 period. He stepped down to animator in 1940 after Lantz reverted to being director, but continued to play an important role in the production of the shorts, and stepped up to being the studio's lead director of Woody Woodpecker shorts when Lantz retired from directing in 1942. The following year however, Lovy was drafted into the US Navy and left the studio; Shamus Culhane in the meantime replaced Lovy.
After the end of World War II, Lovy worked briefly for Columbia Pictures' cartoon unit, directing five shorts before it was closed down, and in 1955 made his return to the Lantz studio, initially to finish some cartoons that Tex Avery had produced during a brief stint as director there. He carried on directing at the Lantz studio until the end of the decade, at which point he moved over to Hanna-Barbera. There, he worked mainly as a producer and storyboard artist, and often supervised the studio's voice recording sessions. In 1967, Lovy moved to the newly re-opened Warner Bros. cartoon studio, where he created the characters Cool Cat and Merlin the Magic Mouse, in addition to directing cartoons with classic characters Daffy Duck and Speedy Gonzales. After just over a year at Warner Bros., Lovy returned to Hanna-Barbera, and worked there in various capacities until shortly before his death.
According to Walter Lantz, Lovy was ambidextrous, and could draw two storyboards at the same time, one with each hand.

</doc>
<doc id="20903772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903772" title="2003 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid – Singles">
2003 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid – Singles

Andre Agassi was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Juan Carlos Ferrero won in the final 6–3, 6–4, 6–3 against Nicolás Massú.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. All sixteen seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20903780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903780" title="Thomas Jeremiah Williams">
Thomas Jeremiah Williams

Thomas Jeremiah Williams (1872 - 12 June 1919) was a Welsh barrister and Liberal politician.
Family and Education.
Thomas Jeremiah Williams was the eldest son of William Williams who was Liberal Member of Parliament for the Swansea District from 1893-1895. He was educated at University College School, London, Sheffield Technical College and Firth College. In 1912 he married Laura Alice Marlow of Southport. They had one daughter Gwenith Alice Thomas (née Williams) 22/10/1913 - 11/01/2008.
Career.
Williams was involved in technical and commercial training. He was director of a number of companies, principally in the tinplate industry but also with interests in the colliery and railway sectors. He qualified for the law, practising at the Bar on the South Wales and Chester Circuit.
Politics.
Williams first stood for Parliament at the 1906 general election as Liberal candidate in the Gower constituency in West Glamorgan. Although Gower had been a Liberal seat and 1906 was a landslide election year for the Liberals, Williams was beaten by 299 votes by Labour candidate John Williams in a three-cornered contest with the Unionist, E Holme, in third place. 
Williams did not contest a seat at either of the general elections of 1910 but was adopted for his father’s old seat of Swansea District for a by-election there on 6 February 1915 when the sitting MP, David Brynmor Jones was appointed a judge. He held the seat for the Coalition. Swansea District constituency was abolished in 1918 but Williams was adopted as Coalition Liberal candidate for the new Swansea East seat at the 1918 general election. He won the seat in a straight fight with Labour candidate David Williams.
Death.
Williams died on 12 June 1919 at the young age of 47 years after a long illness from colitis at his home in Maesygwernen Hall near Swansea. In the by-election which his death caused, his seat was held for the Coalition Liberals by David Matthews.

</doc>
<doc id="20903784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903784" title="Fuko">
Fuko

Life and career.
Fuko first appeared in soaplands under the name "Love" (らぶ "Rabu"), a name she used for topless photos at the Tokyo Topless site in 2005. In the year 2006, Fuko rapidly achieved fame in Japan, appearing in a number of Japanese magazines and on television. She started her Japanese-language blog, 風子の風まかせ～♪ in September 2006. On November 21, 2006, Fuko appeared on the Japanese television program "Narutomo!" (なるトモ!) with Yuzuki Aikawa (愛川ゆず季). She appeared in an eponymously titled DVD ("Fuko P!") which was released on March 9, 2007. A second DVD, "Mix Juice", released March 16, 2007, featured Fuko with two other models. "Bachelor Magazine", a Japanese big-bust publication, included a 20-minute DVD entitled "Busty Angels" featuring Fuko in its March, 2007 issue. 
The DVD "Dekaroman" (デカロマン), was released on May 25, 2007. In her blog, Fuko states that this DVD was filmed in Okinawa. The model's first photobook, "KYO-P!!" was released on June 25, 2007, the same day as her fourth DVD, "Chidarake", another work in which she appeared with two other models. Fuko's next two DVDs, "Fuko Kyo-P!!" and "Fuko - Pineapple", were released in July and September respectively. In November 2007 she released her first DVD for the Layful company. Entitled "Fuko - Eight Vol. 1", Volume 2 in the series was released on December 16, 2007, with Volume 3 soon after, released January 26, 2008. 
On January 1, 2009 Muteki announced that Fuko would star in her first AV (adult video) for the label, which was released on February 1. A second AV release for the studio, was released on March 1, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20903802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903802" title="List of lifesaving stations in Michigan">
List of lifesaving stations in Michigan

This is list of United States Lifesaving Stations in Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20903807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903807" title="Michael Ryan (artist)">
Michael Ryan (artist)

Michael Ryan is a comic book artist, famously known for being attached solely to Marvel Comics. In 2004, Marvel Comics signed a 3-year contract with Ryan, whose first work was "" with Nunzio DeFilippis and Christina Weir. Marvel's editor-in-chief, Joe Quesada, later said, "Michael shouldn't be so humble about his art. Marvel recognized his talent, as have the fans, and it rocks. We don't want him anywhere else but here!".
Ryan later became publicly known for his brief tenure on the Marvel Comics' award-winning series, "Runaways" with the writer Joss Whedon. He and Sara Pichelli pencilled "" #5 in 2008. He also briefly drew the "Mystique" mini-series, as well as the New Excalibur series with the writer Frank Tieri.
Ryan has illustrated cards for the "" collectible card game.

</doc>
<doc id="20903808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903808" title="Maria of Nassau">
Maria of Nassau

Maria of Nassau may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20903818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903818" title="Manafaga">
Manafaga

Manafaga is a village of western Benin, a country in Western Africa, formerly known as Dahomey (until 1975). It is located at 10°22'0N 1°31'0E with an altitude of 608 metres (1998 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20903835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903835" title="Richard Rogers (bishop)">
Richard Rogers (bishop)

Richard Rogers (1532/3 – 1597) was an eminent 16th Century Priest.
Richard Rogers was educated at Christ's College, Cambridge. In 1559, Rogers was made archdeacon of St Asaph, and on 15 May 1569 he was consecrated Suffragan Bishop of Dover. After his death no more Suffragan Bishops were appointed until 1870.
He was Dean of Canterbury from 1584 to his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20903871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903871" title="1991 Canadian Open (tennis)">
1991 Canadian Open (tennis)

The 1991 Canadian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 102nd edition of the Canada Masters, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1991 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 1991 WTA Tour. The men's event took place at the Uniprix Stadium in Montreal, Canada from July 22 through July 28, 1991, and the women's event at the National Tennis Centre in Toronto, Canada from August 5 through August 11, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20903874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903874" title="Felix Ehrenhaft">
Felix Ehrenhaft

Felix Ehrenhaft (24 April 1879 – 4 March 1952) was an Austrian physicist who contributed to atomic physics, to the measurement of electrical charges and to the optical properties of metal colloids. He was known for his maverick and controversial style. His fearless iconoclasm was greatly admired by philosopher Paul Feyerabend.
Biography.
Early years.
Ehrenhaft was born in Vienna to physician Leopold Ehrenhaft and Louise Eggar, the daughter of an Hungarian industrialist. Ehrenhaft earned his doctorate from the University of Vienna in 1903, working on the optical properties of metallic colloids. He subsequently became assistant to Franz S. Exner.
Middle years.
In 1907, the reality of atoms was still disputed but Albert Einstein and Marian Smoluchowski had both recently given accounts of Brownian motion in liquids, strongly supporting the atomic theory. Though Theodor Svedberg had made important demonstrations of Brownian motion in colloids, Ehrenhaft extended the work to make observations of particles of silver in air. The greater mean free path of air made for a sterner test of the reality of atoms. Ehrenhaft was awarded the Lieben Prize of the Vienna Academy of Sciences for his work.
Ehrenhaft adapted his apparatus to measure the elementary charge and subsequently became involved in a bitter controversy with Robert Millikan, claiming to have measured an electric charge less than that of a single electron, Millikan being passed over for the 1920 Nobel Prize in physics owing to the unresolved nature of the debate. Controversy eventually subsided as more and more physicists were swayed by Millikan's results but even as late as 1940, Albert Einstein wrote:
Even while controversy raged on sub-electronic charges, Ehrenhaft made important and substantial contributions to physics including the demonstration of photophoresis and other effects on the interaction of particles with light. Some of these effects have subsequently been explained in terms of existing phenomena but some still remain poorly understood. He became professor of experimental physics at Vienna in 1920 and was known as a conscientious researcher and effective lecturer though single-minded to the point of absurdity. Albert Einstein was a frequent visitor to his home. Following the Anschluss in 1938, Ehrenhaft emigrated, first to England, then to the U.S. where he became a citizen.
Later years.
From the mid-1930s, Ehrenhaft's thinking started to diverge strikingly from the mainstream of physics. He observed many genuinely surprising and reproducible physical phenomena, usually of ultra-microscopic particles near the limits of perception. However, he was all too willing to adopt alternate theories to explain experiments that were beset with interactions and multifactorial cause systems.
From the 1940s, Ehrenhaft's views became increasingly extreme and strident, eventually terminating his good friendship with Albert Einstein. He found it impossible to obtain either research funding or even a sympathetic hearing in the U.S. In 1946, he returned to the University of Vienna where he held again his old position until his death. He became increasingly certain that he had observed magnetic monopoles, "magnetic currents" and "magnetolysis", the disassociation of liquids by magnets rather than electric current as in electrolysis.
A review of his life work can be found in the Austrian scientific journal "Acta physica Austriaca", and in the article by Rohatschek on photophoresis (see sources below).

</doc>
<doc id="20903883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903883" title="Monywa Institute of Economics">
Monywa Institute of Economics

The Monywa Institute of Economics ( ), located in Monywa, Sagaing Region, is one of three universities of economics and business in Myanmar. The institute offers undergraduate and graduate degrees and diplomas, mostly in commerce, statistics and economics. It also has a small stable of graduate degree programs, including a full-time MBA program.
History.
Until the founding of the Monywa Institute of Economics in September 1998, the Yangon Institute of Economics was the only university of economics and business school in Myanmar. The institute came into being at a time when most universities and colleges in Myanmar had been shut down by the military government since December 1996, following student demonstrations in Yangon. The school closures were part of a series of multi-year school closures throughout the 1990s, following the nationwide uprising against the military government in 1988 that were initiated by the university students in Yangon.
The founding of MIE is widely believed to be part of the government's wider program to disperse college students away from the established universities and their city center locations to more isolated remote locations.
Programs.
The institute mainly offers bachelor's degree and undergraduate diploma programs. Regular bachelor's degree programs take three years and Honors programs take four years. The master's programs take two years. The institute's Human Resource Development (HRD) Center offers undergraduate diploma and certificate programs in Accountancy, Basic Applied Economics, Advanced Applied Economics, Applied Information Technology, etc.
MBA program.
The Master of Business Administration (MBA) Program is offered in English by the Department of Management Studies. The two-year program consists of eight quarters (semesters). Three four-credit courses are offered in each quarter. To complete the MBA, the candidates must take 24 courses to obtain the required 96 credit units.
Reflecting the relatively undeveloped business environment in Myanmar, the MBA degree offered is only in general management. No other majors such as accounting, finance or banking are available.

</doc>
<doc id="20903889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903889" title="Angelo Mangiarotti">
Angelo Mangiarotti

Angelo Mangiarotti (26 February 1929 – 2 July 2012) was an Italian architect and industrial designer with a reputation built on "never forgetting the real needs of users". He mainly focused on the industrial process for buildings and design production. The main concept in Mangiarotti's architecture was established through the correct use of matter and technique.
Biography.
Angelo Mangiarotti was born in Milan, Italy in 1929. He was an architect, urban planner and designer whose designs earned him awards in Italy and abroad.
Angelo Mangiarotti graduated from the Architecture School of Politecnico di Milano in 1948. He moved to the United States in 1953 and started working in Chicago as a visiting professor for the Illinois Institute of Technology. During his time at Illinois Institute of Technology, Mangiarotti met Frank Lloyd Wright, Walter Gropius, Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and Konrad Wachsmann, all of whom were instrumental in his personal and professional growth.
Two years later, Mangiarotti returned to Italy and opened his own architectural firm in Milan with Bruno Morassutti. The partnership was active until 1960.
Angelo Mangiarotti taught at Istituto Superiore di Disegno Industriale of Venice (1963–64), University of Hawaii (1970), Ecole Politecnique Fédérale of Losanna (1974), University of Adelaide and South Australian Institute of Technology of Adelaide (1976), Architecture of Palermo (1982), Architecture of Florence (1983) and Architecture of Politecnico di Milano (1989–90).
Major works.
The following projects, selected by type, describe the main works of Studio Mangiarotti.
Exhibitions.
Important international exhibitions:

</doc>
<doc id="20903890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903890" title="WiQuest Communications">
WiQuest Communications

WiQuest Communications, Inc., was a fabless semiconductor company that designed and developed Wireless USB (WUSB) products using WiMedia Alliance technology for high-speed, short-range applications. WiQuest offered integrated circuits, software, and reference designs. WiQuest was headquartered in Allen, Texas, and had operations in Bangalore, India.
Products.
In early 2008, WiQuest's Wireless USB products had an 85% market share. Among WiQuest's customers were laptop manufacturers Toshiba, Dell and Lenovo, and peripheral manufacturers D-Link, Belkin, Imation, and Kensington.
Demise.
The company ceased operations on October 31, 2008. Reasons cited for the demise of WiQuest are the same issues that are plaguing Wireless USB technology in general, such as economic conditions in the late 2000s recession, the relative high cost of the end products, lackluster power-consumption and throughput characteristics of first-generation wireless USB products, regulatory issues, and low adapter attach rates.
The Bangalore operations were acquired by Staccato Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="20903891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903891" title="Thomas Farmer">
Thomas Farmer

Thomas Farmer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20903900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903900" title="Radical 7">
Radical 7

Radical 7 meaning "two" is one of 23 of the 214 Kangxi radicals that are composed of 2 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 29 characters (out of 40,000) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="20903907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903907" title="21st parallel north">
21st parallel north

The 21st parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 21 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Africa, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, North America, the Caribbean and the Atlantic Ocean.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 13 hours, 25 minutes during the summer solstice and 10 hours, 51 minutes during the winter solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 21° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20903908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903908" title="Rod Blagojevich corruption charges">
Rod Blagojevich corruption charges

Rod Blagojevich, former Governor of Illinois, is an American politician under investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation since 2005 for corruption. Blagojevich and his Chief of Staff John Harris were charged with corruption by federal prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald. As a result of the scandal, Blagojevich was impeached by the Illinois General Assembly and removed from office by the Illinois Senate in January 2009. The federal investigation continued after this removal, and Blagojevich was indicted on corruption charges in April 2009. On August 17, the jury found him guilty of one charge of making false statements with a mistrial being declared on the other 23 counts due to a hung jury after 14 days of jury deliberation. On June 27, 2011, after a retrial, Blagojevich was found guilty of 17 charges of corruption (including wire fraud, attempted extortion, and conspiracy to solicit bribes), not guilty on one charge and the jury deadlocked after 10 days of deliberation on the two remaining charges. On December 7, 2011, Blagojevich was sentenced to 14 years in prison.
The investigation became public knowledge when a federal judge revealed that Blagojevich was the "Public Official A" in the indictment of Tony Rezko. The case gained widespread attention with the simultaneous arrests of Blagojevich and his chief of staff, John Harris, on December 9, 2008, at their homes by federal agents. Blagojevich and Harris were each charged with one count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud and one count of soliciting bribes. The case involved sweeping pay to play and influence peddling allegations, including the alleged solicitation of personal benefit in exchange for an appointment to the United States Senate as a replacement for Barack Obama, who had resigned after being elected President of the United States (see bribery). United States Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald noted that there had been no evidence of wrongdoing by Obama.
After the arrest, Illinois elected officials began calling on Blagojevich to resign. The 50 members of the U.S. Senate's Democratic caucus called on Blagojevich to not appoint a senator and pledged not to seat anyone he attempted to appoint. Legislators introduced bills in both houses of the Illinois General Assembly to remove the Governor's power to appoint a senator and require a special election; however, no such bill passed. Blagojevich did eventually appoint Roland Burris to the seat. Despite attempts to keep Burris from taking the seat in the U.S. Senate, he was eventually allowed to take the oath of office. Within days of Blagojevich's arrest, Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan filed a motion with the Illinois Supreme Court seeking to declare the Governor "unable to serve" and strip him of the powers of his office. The court denied the request. Meanwhile, Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives Mike Madigan (the Attorney General's father) announced that on December 16 he would begin impeachment proceedings. The state House impeached Blagojevich on January 9, 2009, and the state Senate convicted him on January 29, thereby removing him; they also disqualified him from holding further office in the state.
Background.
Blagojevich had been under investigation for corrupt activity for several years, as part of a broader federal investigation by Fitzgerald, code-named Operation Board Games, that had been going on for three years. To date, 15 people have been charged in connection with the investigation. Blagojevich had long been suspected to be a target of the investigation, but it was confirmed by U.S. District Judge Amy St. Eve that he was the "Public Official A" referred to in the federal indictment of Tony Rezko. Just before the 2008 United States general elections on November 4, 2008, Federal investigators were granted authority to tape Blagojevich's conversations. On December 8, 2008, in a press conference, Blagojevich claimed ""whether you tape me privately or publicly, I can tell you that whatever I say is always lawful and the things I'm interested in are always lawful."" He further stated that ""if anybody wants to tape my conversations, go right ahead, feel free to do it. I appreciate anybody who wants to tape me openly and notoriously; and those who feel like they want to sneakily, and wear taping devices, I would remind them that it kind of smells like Nixon and Watergate."" After a meeting between Blagojevich and Jackson regarding the Senate seat, when asked his thoughts on being the subject of federal tapings, Blagojevich stated, "I don't believe there's any cloud that hangs over me. I think there's nothing but sunshine hanging over me." 
The public scandal and turmoil began with arrests of Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich, a Democrat, and his Chief of Staff John Harris at 6:15 a.m. on December 9, 2008, at their homes by deputies of the United States Marshals Service on behalf of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). Blagojevich and Harris were each charged with one count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud and one count of soliciting bribes. The case involved sweeping pay to play and influence peddling allegations, including the alleged solicitation of personal benefit in exchange for an appointment to the United States Senate as a replacement for Barack Obama, who had resigned after being elected President of the United States. United States Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald noted that there had been no evidence of wrongdoing by Obama. The cases are part of a broader federal investigation by Fitzgerald code-named Operation Board Games that had been going on for three years in which 15 people have been charged by Fitzgerald.
Prior to the scandal, Blagojevich considered himself as a contender for the 2016 presidential election, but was willing to pursue an interim position as a United States Cabinet member, United States ambassador, or high profile corporate titan instead. The governor's statutory power to appoint a replacement for Obama in the U.S. Senate was something that Blagojevich viewed as convertible currency of the form that could assure this future. Soon after the Presidential election, it became very clear to Fitzgerald from his wiretaps that a sale of the Senate seat was imminent; Fitzgerald immediately pressed for Blagojevich's arrest. After the arrest, the prosecution began proceedings to obtain an indictment from a grand jury, a process that was granted an extension to April 7, 2009.
A federal grand jury in Illinois returned an indictment against Blagojevich and five other defendants on April 2, 2009. Blagojevich is the seventh Illinois Governor to have been arrested or indicted; and became the fourth, including Daniel Walker, jailed since 1971. In addition to the allegations concerning the Senate seat, Blagojevich has also been charged with
In June 2009 it was determined by the judge overseeing the case that the Blagojevich trial would start on June 3, 2010. In the wake of the scandal reform measures are being proposed. Wisconsin Senator Russell Feingold, who at the time was the chairman of the United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary's Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights and Property Rights, has stated that he will introduce a constitutional amendment requiring vacant Senate seats be filled by special elections, as the House of Representatives requires.
Obama Senate replacement.
Fraud involving the appointment of a senator to fill the Senate seat vacated by Barack Obama is the most notable charge against Blagojevich. Blagojevich was overheard on a recorded phone call saying "I've got this thing, and it's fucking golden. I'm just not giving it up for fucking nothing." He was also recorded as saying, "it's a fucking valuable thing, you just don't give it away for nothing", and that "If I don't get what I want ... I'll just take the Senate seat myself."
Blagojevich allegedly sought the following in exchange for an appointment:
Following Blagojevich's arrest, Richard Durbin, the United States Senator for Illinois who had served alongside Obama, issued a statement regarding the prospective gubernatorial appointment to replace Barack Obama in the Senate: "No appointment by this governor, under these circumstances, could produce a credible replacement". Durbin urged the Illinois General Assembly to quickly set a special election to replace Obama. Durbin noted that Illinois has a need to call a 2009 House of Representatives special election to replace then-Representative and White House Chief of Staff-designate Rahm Emanuel in Illinois's 5th congressional district. Both Illinois Senate President Emil Jones and Michael Madigan, Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives, stated that they would call a session of their respective chambers to consider legislation to establish a special election to fill the Obama Senate seat vacancy. Bills were introduced in both houses that would have revoked the Governor's statutory authority to appoint a senator, and would have required a special election instead. Neither house debated the bills, nor were they enacted.
Roland Burris appointment.
In the midst of the controversy, on December 31, 2008, Blagojevich appointed Roland Burris, a former Illinois Attorney General and the first African American to be elected to statewide office in Illinois, to the vacated Senate seat. Blagojevich stated that, per the Illinois state constitution, he had sole authority to make such an appointment and that it was his duty to ensure Illinois was fully represented in the Senate. Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White refused to certify Burris' selection for the vacant Senate seat.
Senate leaders argued that Senate Rule 2 requires a senator-designate's credentials to be signed by the state's governor and secretary of state. On January 6, when the 111th United States Congress opened its session, the Secretary of the United States Senate Nancy Erickson rejected Burris's credentials because White had not signed the certificate of appointment. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ordered that Burris be turned away from the Senate. The lone Democrat to show support for Burris' nomination was Chair of the United States Senate Committee on Rules and Administration Dianne Feinstein, who recognized the propriety of the appointment based on the statutory authority of the Illinois Governor. On January 7, Burris met with Reid and Durbin, the two ranking Senate leaders who stated their support was conditional upon Burris both obtaining the signature of the Illinois secretary of state and testifying under oath before Illinois House of Representatives committee investigating impeachment.
On January 8, Burris testified before the Illinois House committee that he had engaged in no wrongdoing in order to procure the nomination by the Governor. The following day the Illinois Supreme Court ruled that the prevailing statutes do not mandate the signature of the Secretary of State to validate the Governor's appointment. Further, the court ruled that the only necessary act by the Secretary of State was the registration of the appointment in Illinois's official records, which Jesse White had performed on December 31, 2008. The Illinois Supreme Court ruled that the US Senate's recommended certification form are not required to be used by Illinois and its Secretary of State. The court further ruled that the form of certificate contained in Rule 2 of the Standing Rules of the United States Senate was a "recommended form" and noted that ""no explanation has been given as to how any rule of the Senate, whether it be formal or merely a matter of tradition, could supersede the authority to fill vacancies conferred on the states by the federal constitution.""
After the court's ruling, White provided Burris with a certified copy, which bears the Seal of the State of Illinois, of the appointment's registration, which Burris delivered to the Secretary of the Senate. On January 12, 2009, after deeming Burris' credentials valid, the Senate decided to seat Burris. Burris was sworn in on January 15, 2009, by President of the Senate Dick Cheney.
Burris filed an affidavit with the Illinois House committee that oversaw Governor Blagojevich's impeachment, dated February 5, to supplement his earlier answer to a question posed by the committee. Burris acknowledged Rob Blagojevich requested "assistance in fund-raising" for the governor three times in the weeks and months before Blagojevich appointed Burris. Burris said he told Rob Blagojevich that he could not donate to Gov. Blagojevich because ""it could be viewed as an attempt to curry favor with him regarding his decision to appoint a successor to President Obama."" Burris stated that he neither donated to nor raised funds for Blagojevich after a fund-raiser on June 27, 2008. Saying that this is at odds with Burris' testimony during the impeachment trial, Illinois House Republicans said they would consider pursuing a perjury investigation. Democratic officials, including Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan, supported that announcement.
On February 16, in comments to reporters, Burris acknowledged he sought to raise campaign funds for then-Gov. Rod Blagojevich at the request of the governor’s brother at the same time he was making a pitch to be appointed to the Senate. Burris is accused of lying during his January 8 testimony to the Illinois House of Representatives and the United States Senate Select Committee on Ethics has opened a preliminary investigation into the matter. Illinois Speaker of the House Mike Madigan has forwarded materials for review in the Illinois state capital and expulsion from the United States Senate is considered a possibility even though only 15 persons have previously been expelled, most recently in 1862. Expulsion would require a simple majority vote by the committee and a two-thirds supermajority vote by the full Senate. In the subsequent days, records came out that showed Burris to have misrepresented a list of his lobbying clients. The series of controversies prompted Durbin to refer to it as the embarrassing "Blagojevich burlesque" and he mentioned that a resignation might relieve the situation. Illinois Governor Quinn called a press conference to request a resignation for the good of the Illinois citizens. Several Democrats called for Burris' resignation; the Obama Administration asked that he reconsider his future, and a pair of employees resigned from Burris' staff. On February 21, Burris met with federal authorities regarding his involvement in the matter.
Durbin requested a meeting with Burris on February 24 to discuss the disclosures. Durbin told reporters that during the meeting he advised him to resign: ""I told him under the circumstances that I would consider resigning"". Burris stated that he would not do so. ""He said he would not resign."" Durbin also inquered about Burris' plans for the 2010 United States Senate elections and relayed to Burris that he would be very unlikely to succeed in the primary or general election. Quinn endorsed a special election to replace Burris, but there was vocal and procedural resistance in the Illinois General Assembly. On February 25, Lisa Madigan confirmed the constitutionality of moving forward a direct election for the seat formerly held by Obama to a targeted May 26 date. The following day, a story unfolded involving Burris' son who obtained a $75,000 job under Rod Blagojevich on September 10 as a senior counsel for the state's housing authority — about six weeks after the Internal Revenue Service placed a $34,163 tax lien on Burris II and three weeks after a mortgage company filed a foreclosure suit on his South Side house.
Obama's involvement.
Blagojevich was aware that Barack Obama would have preferred "Senate Candidate #1" (Valerie Jarrett), and he allegedly made efforts to obtain favors in exchange for appointing Jarrett for the U.S. Senate seat. Blagojevich said in a conversation with his chief of staff, in reference to what Obama would give him in exchange for Jarrett's appointment, "All they're going to give me in return is gratitude. The Senate seat's a fucking valuable thing. Fuck them." There was public speculation as to whether Obama's Chief of Staff, Rahm Emanuel had a role in any discussions with the governor's office. An internal investigation by the Obama team stated that Emanuel had communicated with the Governor's office about who might be appointed to the Obama seat, but nothing unethical or inappropriate had transpired.
On December 10, Obama called for Blagojevich's resignation.
In a December 11 press conference, Obama stated that he, his staff and his transition team were not involved in any corrupt activity, and that his staff had been exonerated by the 76-page FBI affidavit. He stated that, not only had he never engaged the governor on the topic of his Senate seat, but he was "confident that no representative of mine would have any part in any deals related to this seat". His administration compiled a summary of who might have known what at various times. Obama stated that he did not think Blagojevich could "effectively serve the people of Illinois" and that his former Senate seat "belongs to the people". He also stated that to his knowledge, no representatives of his had engaged in any dealmaking with the governor.
On December 15, the Obama team confirmed that its internal review found no inappropriate contact between Obama's staff and Blagojevich or his staff, stating "that review affirmed the public statements of the president-elect that he had no contact with the governor or his staff over the selection of his successor as U.S. president-elect's staff was not involved in inappropriate discussions with the governor or his staff over the selection of his successor as U.S. Senator".
In April 2010, Blagojevich moved to subpoena Obama.
Replacing Blagojevich.
After his arrest, Governor Blagojevich appeared before U.S. Magistrate Judge Nan R. Nolan, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, and was released on a $4,500 signature bond. He was also ordered to surrender his passport and his firearm owner's identification card. He then returned to work where his office issued a statement saying the "allegations do nothing to impact the services, duties or function of the State".
Had he pled guilty to the charges, Blagojevich would have been automatically forced to resign as the Illinois Constitution does not allow convicted felons to hold office.
On December 11, 2008, John Fritchey, a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives, circulated a letter to the Illinois House Democratic Caucus to outline options for moving beyond the crisis caused by the criminal allegations against Blagojevich. In the letter, Fritchey mentioned the scenarios to replace Governor Blagojevich:
On December 13 and 14, Blagojevich's attorney Ed Genson, at hearings by the Illinois House of Representatives' Special Committee on Impeachment, stated that the Governor would not resign.
Calls for resignation.
Blagojevich faced calls from members of both major parties and prominent politicians to resign. On December 9, Lieutenant Governor Pat Quinn said in a news conference that Blagojevich should temporarily step aside from his office. On December 10, he went further and called for Blagojevich to resign, and also raised questions about his mental health. The state's other top elected officials—Attorney General Lisa Madigan, Comptroller Dan Hynes, Treasurer Alexi Giannoulias and Secretary of State Jesse White—also called for Blagojevich to resign.
Outgoing Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean also called for the governor to step down.
On December 10, 2008, the Democratic Caucus of the United States Senate called for Blagojevich to resign and demanded that he not appoint a replacement for Obama. The letter also mentioned that, if Blagojevich appointed a successor to Obama in the U.S. Senate, the U.S. Senate would be ""forced to exercise Constitutional authority under Article I, Section 5, to determine whether such a person should be seated"." Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid indicated that the Senate might not seat a Blagojevich appointment because such an appointee "would be under a cloud of suspicion".
Illinois' remaining Senator, Majority Whip Dick Durbin, urged the state legislature to quickly set a special election to fill Obama's vacant Senate seat, saying that any appointment by Blagojevich would not be legitimate.
Illinois Senate Minority Leader Frank Watson, Illinois Congressman John Shimkus, and many Illinois state legislators from both parties also called for Blagojevich to resign.
House Speaker Madigan felt it would be inappropriate to make a statement calling for a resignation or a statement supporting an impeachment because he would have to preside over any impeachment debate.
Blagojevich's defense.
On December 19, 2008, at the Thompson Center, Blagojevich said he "has done nothing wrong" and would not resign as governor in the face of federal corruption charges. He added that he would "answer questions in the appropriate forum: in a court of law", where he believed he would be "vindicated", vowing to fight “false accusations and a political lynch mob.” He proceeded to quote from Rudyard Kipling's poem, "If—". After reading the prepared statement, Blagojevich exited the room and did not take any questions.
Court actions to declare Blagojevich unfit to serve.
On December 12, 2008, Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan began legal proceedings in the Illinois Supreme Court to have Blagojevich declared "unfit to serve" in case he did not resign.
Madigan filed a motion with the Illinois Supreme Court asking it to temporarily suspend Blagojevich's powers by declaring him unable to serve and name Lieutenant Governor Quinn as acting governor. Failing that, Madigan sought a temporary injunction barring Blagojevich from appointing a replacement for Obama. She said that given the nature of the charges, the situation was too severe to wait for the legislature to act. The Supreme Court, however, in orders without opinions, denied Madigan leave to file the complaint; it denied the motion for temporary relief, and it denied a motion filed by private citizens led by John Bambenek for leave to file a complaint to remove the governor from office.
Impeachment.
According to the FBI affidavit, Blagojevich attempted to have "Chicago Tribune" writers fired for discussing his possible impeachment. Jan Schakowsky, a Democrat representing Illinois's 9th congressional district, called for impeachment proceedings to begin should Blagojevich not resign promptly.
On December 15, the sixth day after the scandal broke with no resignation by the Governor, the Illinois House voted 113–0 to begin impeachment proceedings. This was the first impeachment inquiry against an Illinois Governor. Also on December 15, Illinois House Speaker Madigan formed a bipartisan committee of inquiry within the House of Representatives.
Madigan further stated, "We have given the governor six days to resign." He also stated that the committee would work every day except Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, New Year's Eve, and New Year's Day until they had completed their report. The Illinois House would decide whether to impeach after the committee completed its review. The Illinois Senate would then have a trial to remove the Governor from office. Illinois House Majority Leader Barbara Flynn Currie was the chairperson of the Special Committee on Impeachment.
Madigan stated the impeachment committee would consider the pending criminal charges as well as review other possible wrongdoing during Blagojevich's term such as abuse of power, taking action without legal authority, ignoring state laws, and defying lawful requests for information from the General Assembly. Currie further stated that among the controversial actions under review by the committee would be the Blagojevich administration's purchase of a flu vaccine that was never distributed and his unilateral decision to send a $1 million grant to a private school that was damaged when the historic Pilgrim Baptist Church was destroyed by fire. She also warned that the panel's interest in investigating alleged criminal activities surrounding Blagojevich might be affected by how much cooperation was forthcoming from federal investigators, which was supported by a formal written request to Prosecutor Fitzgerald. On December 30, Fitzgerald filed a motion to allow the impeachment committee to hear the conversations recorded by wiretap during his federal investigation.
Impeachment vote and trial.
On January 8, after the testimony by Roland Burris, the 21-member bipartisan committee on impeachment voted unanimously to recommend that the House impeach the Governor. The following day, the full House voted 114–1 to impeach the governor. The lone dissenter was Chicago-area Representative Milton Patterson; three other representatives abstained. After the Illinois House impeached Blagojevich, the Illinois Senate held a trial at which Illinois Supreme Court Chief Justice Thomas Fitzgerald presided. Under the Illinois Constitution, Fitzgerald's rather than Senate President John Cullerton, presided because the accused was the governor.
Blagojevich was the sixteenth governor in the United States and the first Illinois governor to be impeached. Seven of the fifteen impeached governors were removed from office.
The article of impeachment alleged a pattern of conduct constituting abuse of power, including the events described in the criminal complaint and several instances of ignoring Illinois law in his use of executive power. In particular it accused Blagojevich of engaging in a conduct constituting a pattern of abuse of power. Among the misdeeds were the following:
On January 14, the new session of the Illinois House of Representatives convened and voted to affirm the impeachment vote of the prior session with only Blagojevich's sister-in-law Deborah Mell dissenting.
The impeachment trial in the Illinois State Senate began on January 26, 2009. Blagojevich boycotted attending his own hearings, referring to them as a kangaroo court. Neither the governor nor his lawyer was present in Springfield, Illinois on the first day of the trial. Blagojevich spent the day in New York City making media appearances on a myriad of shows including "Good Morning America" and "The View". In his absence, a "not guilty" plea was automatically entered on his behalf. On the same day, in a cable television news interview with Geraldo Rivera, Blagojevich derided the whole process. Lead attorney Ed Genson announced that he was withdrawing from representing Blagojevich, saying "I never require a client to do what I say, but I do require them to at least listen." Blagojevich was in New York again the next day continuing an apparent attempt to upstage the hearings with eleven media appointments at places such as "The Early Show", and the Associated Press. Blagojevich insisted that unlike Richard Nixon who did not want his tapes heard during Watergate, he wanted his tapes heard in order to reveal the whole truth, which he felt would vindicate him.
On January 27, Federal prosecutors played four recordings from among the thousands of intercepted calls from Blagojevich's home and campaign offices. Although lawmakers trying to build an impeachment case wanted to hear more, the prosecutors feared further collaboration could jeopardize the criminal case against the governor. The recordings played at the impeachment trial were taped in November and December and revealed efforts by Blagojevich to collect money from a horse track owner in exchange for signing legislation benefiting the racing industry, prosecutors said. State Senator Dan Cronin said hearing the recordings "hits me right here in the stomach. It sort of reminds me of some Hollywood movie or a couple of thugs in a car driving around." Daniel Cain, a Federal Bureau of Investigation agent who investigated Blagojevich for years, also testified on January 27 and answered questions that did not extend to information not presented in the affidavit.
On January 28, Blagojevich requested the opportunity to deliver his own closing arguments, although he would not testify or submit himself to cross-examination. The Senate allowed Blagojevich to file an appearance late, enabling him to make a 90-minute closing argument.
The following day, January 29, the prosecution delivered a 40-minute closing argument. Blagojevich then delivered his 47-minute closing arguments in defense. Among Blagojevich's statement were continuing reminders that he believed the process to be tainted because it did not allow him to call witnesses or challenge the evidence (although, as the "Chicago Tribune" reported two days earlier, the process did in fact allow the governor to call witnesses and challenge the evidence, but Blagojevich had done neither by the deadline). The prosecution then made a 12-minute rebuttal. Blagojevich did not remain in the Statehouse for the prosecution's rebuttal speech or the vote on his impeachment. After giving his closing statement, Blagojevich immediately left Springfield to return to his Chicago home aboard an official state aircraft. Had Blagojevich remained in Springfield for his impeachment, he would have been immediately ineligible to be transported on state aircraft as he would no longer be Governor—he would have been stranded in Springfield, responsible for his own transportation home.
After a recess, the Senate debated the vote on the article of impeachment. Under the Illinois Constitution, a two-thirds majority, or 41 votes out of 59, was required to convict him on the article of impeachment. After several hours of deliberations, Rod Blagojevich was convicted and removed from office by a unanimous vote of 59–0. State Senator Mike Frerichs then moved that Blagojevich be banned from ever holding office in Illinois again. This motion carried, also by a unanimous vote of 59–0. Shortly after the vote, the lieutenant governor, Pat Quinn was sworn in as the new Governor. Although Blagojevich is disqualified from running for any Government of Illinois office, he is eligible to run for federal office such as his old congressional seat.
Placeholder names in the complaint.
During the federal investigation leading up to the arrest, the Federal Bureau of Investigation used wire taps at both the Governor's campaign offices and his home phone.
Rather than identifying subject individuals by name, the FBI affidavit used aliases to refer to people not necessarily accused of any crimes including the six people Blagojevich was considering appointing to the Senate seat vacated by Barack Obama.
The affidavit said that a representative of Senate Candidate 5 had proposed having the candidate raise up to $1 million for Blagojevich's campaign in exchange for being appointed to the Senate.
"ABC News" reported that federal law enforcement officials identified Jesse Jackson, Jr. as Senate Candidate 5. Jackson, who was asked for an interview by federal agents, denied that anyone on his behalf had offered anything for the Senate seat. Jackson claimed not to be a target of an investigation, but admitted to being questioned. Also WLS-TV reported December 15 that Jackson notified investigators that Blagojevich refused to appoint Jackson's wife, Sandi, as state lottery director because Jackson refused to donate $25,000 to the governor's campaign fund.
The affidavit says that Blagojevich knew "that the President-elect want Senate Candidate 1 for the Senate seat", but Blagojevich was upset that "they're not willing to give me anything except appreciation, so fuck them". "The Washington Post" identified Senate Candidate 1 as Valerie Jarrett.
Other prospects for the Senate seat, including Rep. Danny Davis and Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan, said that they had not been contacted by federal authorities. Madigan confirmed that she is Senate Candidate 2 in the indictment. An anonymous source described Louanner Peters as being Senate Candidate 4.
On December 10, 2008, Illinois Deputy Governor Bob Greenlee resigned, with his lawyer saying the reason for the resignation should be obvious. Reportedly, Greenlee was the colleague who advised Blagojevich to pursue the cabinet position of Secretary of Energy because it was the one that "makes the most money". Deputy Governor A is also named as the person who supposedly attempted to coerce the "Chicago Tribune" on Blagojevich's behalf. Schakowsky, Luis Gutierrez, Jones. and Illinois Department of Veterans Affairs Director Tammy Duckworth were also reportedly under consideration.
The 76-page FBI affidavit included extensive detail of various acts by the governor including a November 10 call between Blagojevich, Harris, his wife, and a group of advisers in which Harris had formulated an agreement with the Service Employees International Union. Harris proposed that Blagojevich would appoint a new senator who would be helpful to the president in exchange for a job as head of the union-formed group Change to Win. The union would receive an unspecified favor from Obama later under the plan.
Federal grand jury indictment.
On April 2, 2009, a federal grand jury issued a 19 count indictment; 16 of which named Rod Blagojevich, including racketeering conspiracy, wire fraud, extortion conspiracy, attempted extortion, and making false statements to federal agents. Prosecutors amended the indictment on February 4, 2010, in anticipation of a U.S. Supreme Court ruling on the so-called "Honest Services" law.
Four of his closest advisors were also indicted on various crimes:
If convicted, the former governor faced up to 20 years in prison on the most serious counts. On July 27, 2010, the final arguments concluded, and the jury began its deliberations.
On Wednesday, August 11, 2010, after eleven days of deliberations (during the course of which they sent Judge James Zagel two notes requesting guidance and instructions) the jury sent the judge a third, rather vague, note (which Rod Blagojevich was summoned to court to hear). The note appeared to state that the jurors may be deadlocked (raising the possibility of a hung jury) on at least some, if not all, the counts.
Judge Zagel advised the jurors that they could find the former governor guilty on some (perhaps lesser) charges while finding him not guilty of others. The judge scheduled a hearing so that he, the defendants and their defense team, and prosecutors could receive further clarification on the matter. He also forbade both sides from discussing the matter further until it has been clarified and resolved.
Response.
The ex-governor and his family learned of the indictment while they were vacationing in Florida, near Disney World. Through his publicist, the ex-governor stated, ""I'm saddened and hurt, but I am not surprised by the indictment. I am innocent. I now will fight in the courts to clear my name.""
Blagojevich's successor, Gov. Pat Quinn responded, ""The events of Dec. 9th and the events of today underline for the people of Illinois that there is a serious crisis of integrity in our government, and I think it's very, very important that we the people confront this crisis, enact the reforms that will solve the problems and make sure they never happen again.""
A Reform Commission headed by Patrick M. Collins drew up a 95-page list of recommendations for political reform in Illinois. In an emotional news conference, Collins criticized an Illinois legislative panel for its opposition to the recommendations. Proposed changes include campaign contribution limits and term limits for state legislative leaders. However House Speaker Michael Madigan and Senate president John Cullerton have not supported the reform Commission's proposals.
Conviction.
On August 17, 2010, Blagojevich was convicted of one count of lying to federal agents but a mistrial was declared on the other 23 charges due to hung jury. Prosecutors pledged to retry the case as soon as possible. The four charges against Robert Blagojevich were dismissed. The retrial was set to begin April 20, 2011. On June 27 after ten days of deliberation, the jury found Blagojevich guilty of 11 counts related to the senate seat and 6 counts related to fundraising extortion of a hospital executive. He was found not guilty of bribery related to a fundraising shakedown of a road-building executive. The jury deadlocked on one count related to another road builder related to a 2006 fundraising pay-to-play involving then-U.S. Rep. Rahm Emanuel, now Chicago Mayor. Unlike the first trial, Blagojevich took the stand in his own defense. Also, for the second trial, the government dropped all racketeering charges and charges against his brother. The verdict follows the conviction of his gubernatorial predecessor five years earlier.
Sentence.
On December 7, 2011, Blagojevich was sentenced to 14 years in prison. He was also given two other concurrent sentences in addition to the 168-month sentence. Federal prison does not use parole; he must serve at least 85% of the 168-month sentence before becoming eligible to be given supervised release. On March 15, 2012, Blagojevich reported to a federal prison in Colorado to begin serving his sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="20903924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903924" title="INSTICC">
INSTICC

The Institute for Systems and Technologies of Information, Control and Communication, or INSTICC, is a non-profit association for the development and dissemination of scientific knowledge in the areas of information systems and technologies, control and communications.
History.
INSTICC was created in 2003 and started its activity in 2004 with the organization of 3 conferences: ICINCO (International Conference on Informatics in Control, Automation and Robotics), ICEIS (International Conference on Enterprise Information Systems) and ICETE (International Conference on e-Business and Telecommunication Networks).
Subsequently, several other conferences have been created: WEBIST (International Conference on Web Information Systems and Technologies), started in 2005; ICSOFT (International Conference on Software and Data Technologies), started in 2006; VISIGRAPP (International Joint Conference on Computer Graphics, Imaging and Computer Vision Theory and Applications) and BIOSTEC (International Joint Conference on Biomedical Engineering Systems and Technologies), started in 2008; ICAART (International Conference on Agents and Artificial Intelligence), CSEDU (International Conference on Computer Supported Education), IC3K (International Conference on Knowledge Discovery, Knowledge Engineering and Knowledge Management) and 
IJCCI (International Joint Conference on Computational Intelligence), started in 2009.
INSTICC conferences are frequently located at a small number of designated hotels including sites in Vilamoura, Algarve, Portugal (e.g. BIOSTEC 2012, ICAART 2012, VISGRAPP 2011), Rome, Italy (e.g. BIOSTEC 2011, ICINCO 2012, ICETE 2012, ICSOFT 2012), Funchal, Madeira, Portugal (e.g. BIOSTEC 2008, VISGRAPP 2008, ICEIS 2007 and 2010, ICINCO 2008 and 2010, IC3K 2009) and Valencia, Spain (e.g. BIOSTEC 2010, IJCCI 2010, IC3K 2010).
Activities.
INSTICC's activities include research projects, software engineering, conference organization, consulting and publishing of journals and books.
Sponsored Activities.
Conferences co-sponsored or supported by INSTICC.
WISTP - Workshop in Information Security Theory and Practices (2009, 2008 and 2007)
IBIC - International Business Informatics Challenge (2006, 2007 and 2008)
Projects co-sponsored by INSTICC.
- ""Recognition of Cognitive and Affective Patterns in Human-Computer Interaction""
This project focused on the investigation of possible ways to complement the typically cognitive nature of human-computer interaction with other interaction forms, namely affective, involving the knowledge area of pattern recognition.
The project was developed in collaboration with Instituto de Telecomunicações(IT) and Instituto Superior Técnico (IST).
- ""Scientific Network Identification through Ontology Building using Unsupervised Learning Techniques""
This project is centered on using unsupervised learning techniques, namely clustering and text mining, to infer from poorly structured information sources the scientific characterization of an organization belonging to a given scientific ontology.
- ""AGERE II - An Approach to an Organisational Audit: Evaluating Effectiveness through Innovative Perspectives""
This project aims at developing, implementing and testing a methodology for conducting Organizational Audits.
Collaboration and technical co-sponsorship agreements.
INSTICC is in permanent cooperation with several national and international research bodies connected to the development and promotion of science and technology:
Publications.
Every INSTICC conference and workshop has its proceedings published on paper under an ISBN reference, and a selection of most conferences' best papers is published by Springer-Verlag in one of its series.
Conferences.
The INSTICC team has started up and maintains several scientific conferences on different areas of engineering and technology:
BIOSTEC - International Joint Conference on Biomedical Engineering Systems and Technologies
ICAART - International Conference on Agents and Artificial Intelligence
VISIGRAPP - International Joint Conference on Computer Vision, Imaging and Computer Graphics Theory and Applications
WEBIST - International Conference on Web Information Systems and Technologies
CSEDU - International Conference on Computer Supported Education
ICEIS - International Conference on Enterprise Information Systems
ICINCO - International Conference on Informatics in Control, Automation and Robotics
ICETE - International Joint Conference on e-Business and Telecommunications
ICSOFT - International Conference on Software and Data Technologies
IJCCI - International Joint Conference on Computational Intelligence
IC3K - International Joint Conference on Knowledge Discovery, Knowledge Engineering and Knowledge Management
Membership of International Associations.
INSTICC is an institutional member of the following international associations:
OMG - Object Management Group
WfMC - Workflow Management Coalition
FIPA - Foundation for Intelligent Physical Agents
SEFI - European Society for Engineering Education
APDIO - Associação Portuguesa de Investigação Operacional
EATEL - European Association of Technology-Enhanced Learning
IGIP - International Society for Engineering Education

</doc>
<doc id="20903957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903957" title="Heart of the City Park &amp; Ride">
Heart of the City Park &amp; Ride

Heart of the City Park & Ride is a transit facility located in the downtown vicinity of Burnsville, Minnesota. The park & ride has 370 parking spaces, serving both park & riders and visitors to local businesses.
Bus connections.
Note: Most buses board on Nicollet Avenue only. Please check out Route 464 and Route 480B on MVTA's website for specific boarding details.

</doc>
<doc id="20903978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903978" title="Johannes Riedl">
Johannes Riedl

Johannes Riedl (born 2 January 1950 in Pirmasens; died 19 August 2010) was a German football player. He played 441 games in the Bundesliga. He is the father of Thomas Riedl.

</doc>
<doc id="20903993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903993" title="Lewis Du Moulin">
Lewis Du Moulin

Lewis Du Moulin ("Ludovicus Molinaeus"; pseudonym: "Ludiomaeus Colvinus") (1606-1680) was a French Huguenot physician and controversialist, who settled in England. He became Camden Professor of History at the University of Oxford.
Life.
He was born in Paris, the son of theologian Pierre Du Moulin, and brother of Peter Du Moulin. He qualified M.D. at the University of Leiden, and came to England to practice medicine as a young man.
He was a moderate critic of episcopacy, identified as an Erastian. He was on good terms with John Owen and Richard Baxter, but also Joseph Hall.
He obtained the Camden Professorship in 1646 after petitioning Parliament. He was ejected from the position in 1660.

</doc>
<doc id="20903995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903995" title="Ikast-Brande Arena">
Ikast-Brande Arena

Ikast-Brande Arena is an indoor sports arena in Ikast, Denmark primarily used for handball. It can hold 2,550 spectators (with a further 300 in a standing area if needed) and is home to Ikast-Brande Elite Håndbold. Until June 2008 it was called Sportscenter Ikast.

</doc>
<doc id="20903999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903999" title="Bill Duncan">
Bill Duncan

William "Bill" Duncan (born March 14, 1880 in Kilsyth, Scotland) was a Scottish Association football goalkeeper who played professionally in Scotland and the United States.
Duncan began his career with St. Mirren F.C. At some point, he moved to Celtic F.C. where he won the 1909-1910 league championship. He also played for Airdrieonians He then moved to the United States where in 1915, he signed with Bethlehem Steel F.C. of the National Association Football League. Duncan and his team mates won the 1915 National Challenge Cup. He would go on to win the Cup another three times with Bethlehem, in 1916, 1918 and 1919. In 1919, Duncan was part of the Bethlehem Steel tour of South America. In 1922, he joined Fall River United in the American Soccer League. He played only three games with the team before retiring, but not before playing against the Dick, Kerr Lady Soccer Team.

</doc>
<doc id="20904002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904002" title="Sursilvan dialects (Romansh)">
Sursilvan dialects (Romansh)

Sursilvan is a group of dialects of the Romansh language spoken in the Surselva, on the western bank of the Rhine. The most closely related variety is Sutsilvan, which is spoken in the area located to the east. 
Example.
A text in Sursilvan, in the standard language Rumantsch Grischun, as well as English.
Sursilvan.
L'uolp era puspei inagada fomentada. Cheu ha ella viu sin in pégn in tgaper che teneva in toc caschiel en siu bec. Quei gustass a mi, ha ella tertgau, ed ha clamau al tgaper: "Tgei bi che ti eis! Sche tiu cant ei aschi bials sco tia cumparsa, lu eis ti il pli bi utschi da tuts".
Rumantsch Grischun.
La vulp era puspè ina giada fomentada. Qua ha ella vis sin in pign in corv che tegneva in toc chaschiel en ses pichel. Quai ma gustass, ha ella pensà, ed ha clamà al corv: "Tge bel che ti es! Sche tes chant è uschè bel sco tia parita, lura es ti il pli bel utschè da tuts".
English.
The fox was hungry once again. There he saw a raven upon a fir holding a piece of cheese in its beak. I could just eat that, it thought, and shouted at the raven: "You are so beautiful! If your singing is as beautiful as your looks, you are the most beautiful of all birds."
Literature.
Sursilvan literature is published among others by the Lia Rumantscha in Chur.

</doc>
<doc id="20904003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904003" title="Adha Din Adhi Raat">
Adha Din Adhi Raat

Adha Din Adhi Raat is a 1977 Bollywood action film directed by Doondi.

</doc>
<doc id="20904007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904007" title="Agar... If">
Agar... If

Agar... If is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Esmayeel Shroff.
Cast.
The film stars:

</doc>
<doc id="20904008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904008" title="Agent Vinod (1977 film)">
Agent Vinod (1977 film)

Agent Vinod is a 1977 Hindi action Spy film directed by Deepak Bahry. The film stars Mahendra Sandhu as a dashing Indian secret agent and Jagdeep as a comic side-kick. This movie turned out to be a surprise hit
Story.
The kidnapping of a prominent scientist, Ajay Saxena (Nazir Hussain) prompts the Chief of Secret Services (K.N. Singh) to assign flamboyant Agent Vinod (Mahendra Sandhu) to this case. While on this assignment, Vinod meets with Ajay's daughter, Anju (Asha Sachdev), who insists on assisting him. The duo are then further assisted by Chandu 'James Bond' (Jagdeep) and his gypsy girlfriend (Jayshree T.). The two couples will soon have numerous challenges thrust on them, and will realize that their task is not only very difficult but also life threatening.

</doc>
<doc id="20904009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904009" title="Alibaba Marjinaa">
Alibaba Marjinaa

Alibaba Marjinaa is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Kedar Kapoor. The film stars Urmila Bhatt and Birbal.

</doc>
<doc id="20904013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904013" title="Amaanat">
Amaanat

Amaanat is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Shatrujiit Paul. The film stars Manoj Kumar, Sadhna, Balraj Sahni, Mehmood, Asit Sen, Aruna Irani.
Story.
Suresh is a painter who is happy with his work and he has a wife and a son.One day a lady tells him that if he will make her portrait,she will give him 2,000 rupees for the work.He agrees and next day he goes to the lady's house.She seduces him and her husband caught her wife with suresh.Then they both(husband & wife) fights and the wife kills the husband and drops all the blame on Suresh.Suresh becomes successful in getting out of the situation by leaving his country.
During a train journey a man asks Suresh to do a favour that his wife is travelling first time so can he help her during the journey because she also has a baby girl with her.Suresh agrees and the train meets with an accident.The lady dies and Suresh takes the baby with him and starts to feed her as his daughter. 
Suresh's wife starts working as a maid to earn livelihood for herself and for his son(Deepak).Her master does a deal that if he is ready to sacrifice his son, then the son will get to live as a son of the master and will get clothes to wear,food to eat,school to study.She agrees and leaves her son to make his life good.
At young age, Deepak falls in love with Suresh's daughter and so many incidents occurs in the life of Suresh,Suchitra(Suresh's Daughter) and Deepak.
At the end Deepak gets his love and Suresh gets justice and he gets his wife and son.

</doc>
<doc id="20904015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904015" title="Anand Ashram">
Anand Ashram

Anand Ashram is a 1977 double version Indian drama film in Hindi and Bengali written and directed by Shakti Samanta, based on a story by Bengali film director and novelist, Sailajananda Mukhopadhyay. It starred Ashok Kumar, Uttam Kumar and Sharmila Tagore in lead roles. Samanta has previously made another double version, "Amanush" (1975) with the same lead actors, however this film didn't do well at the box office.
Music.
The film had music by Shyamal Mitra, with lyrics by Indeevar

</doc>
<doc id="20904016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904016" title="Angaare">
Angaare

Angaare is a 1977 Bollywood film. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar.

</doc>
<doc id="20904038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904038" title="Chaani">
Chaani

Chaani is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Rajaram Vankudre Shantaram. 
this film songs lyrics are written by famous poeter Mr. Chintamani Tryambak Khanolkar aka Arti Prabhu 

</doc>
<doc id="20904040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904040" title="Richard Bell (Arabist)">
Richard Bell (Arabist)

Richard Bell (1876–1952) was a British Arabist at the University of Edinburgh. Between 1937 and 1939 he published a translation of the Qur'an, and in 1953 his "Introduction to the Qur'an" was published (revised in 1970 by W. Montgomery Watt). Both works have been influential in Quranic studies in the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20904041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904041" title="Chakkar Pe Chakkar">
Chakkar Pe Chakkar

Chakkar Pe Chakkar is a 1977 Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Ashok Roy. The film stars Shashi Kapoor and Rekha.

</doc>
<doc id="20904045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904045" title="Chala Murari Hero Banne">
Chala Murari Hero Banne

Chala Murari Hero Banne is a 1977 Bollywood comedy film directed by and starring G. Asrani.
Plot.
Murari dreams of becoming an actor, but his Dad (A.K. Hangal), who runs a cloth shop, wants him to help in the shop. Murari runs away from home and catches a train to Mumbai. On his journey, he meets a teacher who says he knows Raj Kapoor. Murari comes to Mumbai, lives in a chawl, struggles a bit and becomes a successful and rich actor. Then comes a twist in his life; he gets accused in scandals, and his love interest, (Bindiya Goswami), leaves him. Eventually, he proves himself innocent and they reunite and marry.
Box Office.
The film had a fresh storyline but failed to click at the box office and was declared a Below Average grosser.This is one of the few films where Asrani had a leading role. He mostly played small comedy roles in his Bollywood career.
Trivia.
The film has many Special appearances including:

</doc>
<doc id="20904047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904047" title="Chalta Purza">
Chalta Purza

Chalta Purza is a 1977 Bollywood action thriller film directed by Bhappi Sonie. The film stars Rajesh Khanna and Parveen Babi.

</doc>
<doc id="20904050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904050" title="Charandas">
Charandas

Charandas is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by B.S. Thapa.

</doc>
<doc id="20904056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904056" title="Chor Sipahee">
Chor Sipahee

Chor Sipahee is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Prayag Rai.

</doc>
<doc id="20904060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904060" title="Zselicszentjakab">
Zselicszentjakab

Zselicszentjakab (the actual name is Kaposszentjakab) was a village where the ordo Saint Benedict built a monastery.
History.
The village was the place of a St Benedict monastery in the Árpád age. Some lands in the village were the private properties of the Genere Győr. In 1256 the members of the Genere Győr had given their Zselicszentjakab family monastery to Pannonhalma Archeabbey. In 1328 the Genere Győr (Péter and Miklós, sons of Derzs) and the abbot of Zselicszentjakab changed back the lands of the monastery by the lands of Rábacsécsény at the Pannonhalma Archeabbey.
Zselicszentjakab in our days.
Today the old village is part of the county capital town Kaposvár. The Somogy County villages suffered great devastation during the Turkish wars, and Zselicszentjakab monastery was also destroyed.
Sightseeings.
The ruins of the old St Benedict Monastery was renovated and a beautiful excursion place is the old monastery district in the southeastern egde of Kaposvár. The ruins shows the ground plan of the church building and the monastery. The church had 3 naves. Architectural comparisons proved the eastern connections of the central space, with four columns. This church also belonged to the Eastern Orthodox (Caucasian, Byzantine) tradition related churches in Hungary, which were found at least at 5 churches: Tarnaszentmária, Feldebrő, Székesfehérvár, Szekszárd and here in Zselicszentjakab. Ruins of a central spaced chapel can also be found north of the monastery buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="20904062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904062" title="Daku Aur Mahatma">
Daku Aur Mahatma

Daku Aur Mahatma is a 1977 Bollywood action film directed by Ravigant Nagaich.

</doc>
<doc id="20904070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904070" title="Sutsilvan dialects (Romansh)">
Sutsilvan dialects (Romansh)

Sutsilvan is a group of dialects of the Romansh language. It is spoken on the "eastern" bank of the Rhine.

</doc>
<doc id="20904071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904071" title="Do Chehere">
Do Chehere

Do Chehere is a 1977 Bollywood drama film directed by Kewal Misra. The film stars Dharmendra and Prem Nath.

</doc>
<doc id="20904075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904075" title="Do Sholay">
Do Sholay

Do Sholay is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Sukhdev Ahluwalia. The film stars .

</doc>
<doc id="20904084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904084" title="Farishta Ya Qatil">
Farishta Ya Qatil

Farishta Ya Qatil is a 1977 Bollywood action film directed by S.M. Abbas. The film stars Shashi Kapoor and Rekha.

</doc>
<doc id="20904086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904086" title="Gayatri Mahima">
Gayatri Mahima

Gayatri Mahima is a 1977 Bollywood fantasy film directed by Harsukh Jagneshwar Bhatt.

</doc>
<doc id="20904092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904092" title="Haiwan">
Haiwan

Haiwan is a 1977 Bollywood musical film thriller directed by Ram Rano.

</doc>
<doc id="20904097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904097" title="Hira Aur Patthar">
Hira Aur Patthar

Hira Aur Patthar is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Vijay Bhatt and starring Shashi Kapoor and Shabana Azmi.

</doc>
<doc id="20904100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904100" title="Jadu Tona">
Jadu Tona

Jadu Tona is a 1977 Hindi horror film directed by Ravikant Nagaich. The film stars Feroz Khan and Reena Roy.

</doc>
<doc id="20904108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904108" title="Jai Dwarkadheesh">
Jai Dwarkadheesh

Jai Dwarkadheesh is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Sushil Gupta. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904110" title="Jallian Wala Bagh">
Jallian Wala Bagh

Jallian Wala Bagh is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Balraj Tah.

</doc>
<doc id="20904111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904111" title="Janam Janam Na Saath">
Janam Janam Na Saath

Janam Janam Na Saath is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Mehul Kumar. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904112" title="Daily Mashriq Evening Special">
Daily Mashriq Evening Special

Daily Mashriq Evening Special (Urdu: روزنامہ مشرق ایوننگ اسپیشل ) is first Urdu daily evening newspaper in Pakistan. It is published by the Mashriq Group of Newspapers. Syed Mumtaz Shah is currently its chief editor. It is currently published from Karachi, Hyderabad and Quetta simultaneously.
History.
Daily Evening Special Karachi established in September 1983. Daily Evening Special Quetta established in August 2001.Muhammad Farooq was the founder Editor. Now, Daily Mashriq Evening Special Quetta is edited by Syed Kamran Mumtaz, while the Daily Evening Special Karachi is edited by Syed Nasir Mumtaz.

</doc>
<doc id="20904113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904113" title="Jay Vejay">
Jay Vejay

Jay Vejay is a 1977 Bollywood action film directed by L.V. Prasad.
Plot.
When the rulers of Malwa, Pushpapuri and Paanchal find out that their respective kingdoms are under attack by Jung forces, they consolidate their wealth, hide it underground, surrounded by 3 statutes of Hindu Deities, hide its location in 3 different necklaces, which are then handed over from generation to generation of their respective queens. 200 years later Shamsher Jung attacks and takes over the kingdom of Malwa, forcing Maharaj Dharampal Singh to flee and be eventually be separated from his wife, and two sons, Jay and Vejay. Years later Dharampal is still in hiding away from his wife, Jay has been brought by a bandit named Bhavani Singh, and is now known and feared as Sher Singh, while Vejay is the Senapati of none other than Malwa's Maharaj, Diler Jung, the son of Shamsher. Everyone's path will collide, albeit unknowingly, when they confront each other and race to be the first to take possession of the hidden wealth.
Trivia.
A clip from this film featuring Jeetendra is used in the song "Dhoom Taana" (Om Shanti Om)

</doc>
<doc id="20904114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904114" title="Ann Mollo">
Ann Mollo

Ann Mollo is a British set decorator. She was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The French Lieutenant's Woman".

</doc>
<doc id="20904116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904116" title="Binton railway station">
Binton railway station

Binton railway station was a railway station serving Binton in the English county of Warwickshire. 
Opened by the Evesham Redditch and Stratford-upon-Avon Junction Railway between Broom Junction and Stratford upon Avon, it was adjacent to the Evesham Road midway between Binton and Welford-on-Avon.
History.
The East and West Junction Railway had opened between Stratford-upon-Avon and Towcester between 1871 and 1873. Income from the line was much less than hoped for. A new section, promoted as the Evesham Redditch and Stratford-upon-Avon Junction Railway, was incorporated in 1873 and opened in 1879. This connected with the Midland Railway at Broom Junction. By this time however the East and West Junction had ceased carrying passengers, and did not restart until 1885 which is when this station was built.
However though the East and West had been using the ER&SJ, it had not been making any payments and the latter became virtually bankrupt in 1886. They were helped by a partial organisation in 1908 with the merger into the Stratford-upon-Avon and Midland Junction Railway The group of lines carried on unsteadily until grouping in 1923 when they became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway 
This line to the west of Stratford was treated as being separate by the LMS and passenger traffic was minimal, being limited to, in 1905 for instance, four trains daily in each direction. This continued until 1938, when World War II meant that the service was reduced to one day train daily in each direction. Even this service was discontinued on 16 June 1947. Both this station and Binton closed on 23 May 1949. Freight traffic ceased in 1960 and the line was lifted.
The station was constructed of local blue lias stone (Binton stone) with brick chimneys. The stone for the station and the goods shed could well have been dug out of the deep cutting next to the station in the direction of Broom junction . There was one platform for the single line which had a passing loop to the west. This connected to a siding to the rear of the station with a carriage dock and a goods shed which included the luxury of a 30 cwt hand-operated crane. , virtually all trace of the line has disappeared, though the buildings remain in private hands and are in very good condition.

</doc>
<doc id="20904117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904117" title="Jeevan Mukt">
Jeevan Mukt

Jeevan Mukt (; translation: Freedom in Life) is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Sudhendu Roy. This family drama stars Girish Karnad and Laxmi in the lead with support cast of Parikshit Sahani, Vidya Sinha, Suresh Oberoi, Meena Roy, Sidhir, Mala Jaggi.
The story is about Anita's quest for love, her tribulations in this process and ultimate realisation to freedom in life (aka Jeevan Mukt).

</doc>
<doc id="20904120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904120" title="Kachcha Chor">
Kachcha Chor

Kachcha Chor is a 1977 Bollywood drama film directed by Jambu. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904123" title="Kalabaaz">
Kalabaaz

Kalabaaz is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Ashok Roy.
Plot.
Trapeze artistes, Vijay (Dev Anand) and Radha (Zeenat Aman), also known as Lisa, love each other. Radha's father G.D. Sapru (Pradeep Kumar) manages the circus in which they work. In a daredevil act without any safety net support, Radha misses Vijay, falls down to ground and is hospitalized with serious wounds. Her face is totally disfigured after recovery. She decides to move abroad, not willing to show her disfigured face to Vijay. Meanwhile, a group of Hindu priests ask Vijay to locate for them statues of Shri Krishna and Devi Radha in the mountainous region bordering India and Burma. Vijay agrees to do so and sets out on the mission with Mangu (Tarun Ghosh), Changu (Asrani) and Sandoz (Hercules). On their way, they meet G. D. Sapru with his niece Tina (Zeenat Aman), Radha's look alike and also the dying Poojary (A. K. Hangal). Whether Vijay is successful in getting the statues and identifying Tina as Radha forms the rest of the story

</doc>
<doc id="20904125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904125" title="Poetic Pilgrimage">
Poetic Pilgrimage

Poetic Pilgrimage is a British Muslim hip-hop duo founded in 2002. They express themselves through the art of rhyme, covering personal and social issues/themes whilst also working to ensure that they do not compromise their personal beliefs.
Background.
Poetic Pilgrimage is made up of members Muneera Rashida and Sukina Abdul Noor. Both ladies are of the Afro-Caribbean background and converted to Islam in 2005.
Muneera Rashida and Sukina Abdul Noor were both born in Bristol to Jamaican parents, and have been performing together as Poetic Pilgrimage for 7 years now. The early part of their career saw them as favourites on the London poetry circuit where they performed alongside some of the biggest names often to standing ovations and they have become forerunners in the UK Muslim Hip Hop scene, bridging the gap between their community and the wider Hip Hop and music scene.
Biography.
Sukina Abdul Noor: (born Yashima Douglas) holds a BA (Hons) Degree in English Literature and Caribbean Studies from London Metropolitan University, she was also the editor of a Muslim Hip Hop magazine and hosts a lifestyle Show on Islam Channel. She organises a monthly Poetry event in West London and she has been conducting workshops for over one year. Sukina is married to Mohammed Yahya who is also a Spoken Word Artist / Rapper and is part of the band called Lines of Faith.
Muneera Rashida: (born Tanya Williams) holds a BA Degree from the University of Westminster in Creative Media Practice where her expertise lay in the field of Video Production and Film Studies. Muneera is also an event organiser where she mentors young upcoming artists giving career and performance advice. Muneera is also a youth mentor and has worked in various youth clubs.
History.
Their intention is to make progressive Hip Hop music that fuses their African and Caribbean roots with their musical tastes such as Jazz, Afrobeat, Soul and beyond, providing a novel backdrop to their message of peace, unity, interfaith relations and freedom. They have travelled to various countries particularly Europe (and also hope to travel more frequently to Africa) where the spirit of Hip Hop still exists and have collaborated and worked with artists of the same genre but they also hope to fuse Hip Hop with more traditional sounds from countries such as Senegal, Mali and Morocco. Poetic Pilgrimage have already begun to realise this ambition of theirs by collaborating with musical artists of other faiths. November 2009 saw them collaborate and perform alongside Kavona, a Jewish musical band under the name of YALLA to produce sounds which fused Hip Hop, Spoken Word, Jewish folk music with lyrics in English, Arabic and Yiddish. November 2009 has also seen them perform in mainland Europe in Germany, Norway, Sweden and the UK. They have also performed in the US. Poetic Pilgrimage are the first UK Artist to have performed at The International Trinity Festival Connecticut during their first American tour in March - April 2009.
In addition Poetic Pilgrimage are workshop facilitators and value the ability to teach Poetry and Hip Hop to a younger generation with the aim of being able to enable them change their realities, so they also incorporate their workshops with their music shows in the countries they travel to. Through their workshops they tackle various social issues and aim to counteract the negative impact of some of these using Hip Hop and Grime. As young Muslim women of African-Caribbean heritage they challenge stereotypes and inspire others to do the same.

</doc>
<doc id="20904126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904126" title="Kali Raat">
Kali Raat

Kali Raat is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Shiriram Bohra. The film stars Vinod Mehra and Lalita Pawar. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904127" title="Kasum Khoon Ki">
Kasum Khoon Ki

Kasum Khoon Ki is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Ashok Roy.

</doc>
<doc id="20904130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904130" title="Khel Khilari Ka">
Khel Khilari Ka

Khel Khilari Ka is a 1977 Bollywood action film directed by Arjun Hingorani.

</doc>
<doc id="20904136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904136" title="Kotwal Saab">
Kotwal Saab

Kotwal Saab is a 1977 Bollywood action film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee.

</doc>
<doc id="20904138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904138" title="Ladki Jawan Ho Gayi">
Ladki Jawan Ho Gayi

Ladki Jawan Ho Gayi is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Anand Dasani. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904140" title="Maha Badmaash">
Maha Badmaash

Maha Badmaash is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by RG Thaker. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904141" title="Bidford-on-Avon railway station">
Bidford-on-Avon railway station

Bidford-on-Avon railway station was a railway station serving Bidford-on-Avon in the English county of Warwickshire. 
It was opened by the Evesham Redditch and Stratford-upon-Avon Junction Railway in 1885 between Broom Junction and Stratford upon Avon
History.
The East and West Junction Railway had opened between Stratford-upon-Avon and Towcester between 1871 and 1873. Income from the line was much less than hoped for and a new section, promoted as the Evesham Redditch and Stratford-upon-Avon Junction Railway, was incorporated in 1873 and opened in 1879. This connected with the Midland Railway at Broom Junction. By then however the East and West Junction had ceased carrying passengers, and did not restart until 1885 which is when the station was built. 
However though the East and West had been using the ER&SJ, it had not been making any payments and the latter became virtually bankrupt in 1886. They were helped by a partial organisation in 1908 with their merger into the Stratford-upon-Avon and Midland Junction Railway The group of lines carried on unsteadily until grouping in 1923 when they became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway 
This line to the west of Stratford was treated as being separate by the LMS and passenger traffic was minimal, being limited to, in 1905 for instance, four trains daily in each direction. This continued until 1938, when World War II meant that the service was reduced to one day train daily in each direction. Even this service was discontinued in on 16 June 1947. Both this station and Binton closed on 23 May 1949. Freight traffic ceased in 1960 and the line was lifted.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20904144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904144" title="Surmiran dialect">
Surmiran dialect

Surmiran is a group of dialects of the Romansh language. It is spoken in Surmeira and in the Albula Valley in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20904148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904148" title="Mama Bhanja">
Mama Bhanja

Mama Bhanja is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Naresh Kumar. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904153" title="Mastan Dada">
Mastan Dada

Mastan Dada is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Satyan Bose. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904158" title="Lothar Woelk">
Lothar Woelk

Lothar Woelk (born August 3, 1954) is a retired German football player. He played 420 games in the Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="20904164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904164" title="Mit Jayenge Mitane Wale">
Mit Jayenge Mitane Wale

Mit Jayenge Mitane Wale is a 1987 Bollywood film. 
External links.
this film was not published in 1987. Govinda appeared in his first filem Ilzam which released in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20904167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904167" title="August William Edwins">
August William Edwins

August William Edwins (August 12, 1871 – July 2, 1942) was the American founder of the Augustana Evangelical Lutheran Church mission in the Xuchang, Henan, China
Early life.
August William Edwins was born August 12, 1871 in Ogden, Boone Co., Iowa. His parents had emigrated from Sweden in 1868 to Swede Valley, Iowa. August was the fourth of eleven children. Due to poverty, at 16, he left home to earn money for his education. He graduated from Augustana Academy (Augustana College), Rock Island, Illinois, as valedictorian of both his college and his seminary classes. His gift as a scholar and affinity for linguistics became important for his missionary career. He graduated from Augustana Seminary in 1902 and was ordained that year at the Synod convention held in Ishpeming, Michigan. His first call was to serve the congregation at Trinity Lutheran Church, Stillwater, Minnesota.
It was while serving as a pastor at Trinity that Pastor Edwins was first approached about serving as a missionary in China. In 1904 the China Mission Society (CMS), a group of Augustana members interested in establishing mission work in China, called him to serve as its first missionary to China. He was hesitant, but in 1905, when no one responded to a call for volunteers for the China Mission Society (formed in 1901), Edwins himself volunteered and accepted the Society's call. After one year of language studies, Pastor Edwins, in the company of his Chinese teacher and two Norwegian Lutheran missionaries, set out in the spring of 1906 to explore the possibilities for a CMS field in the Honan province. It proved to be an arduous trip with attacks by angry crowds, military escorts, and revised routes of travel. Pastor and Mrs. Edwins set out for the new mission field in Hsuchang on September 2, 1906.
Mission.
Commissioned for China, Edwins married Alfreda Anderholm and sailed from Seattle, arriving in Shanghai in October 1905. After one year of language studies in the Fancheng district of Xiangfan, Hupeh (Hubei) Province, Pastor Edwins, in the company of his Chinese teacher and two Norwegian Lutheran missionaries, set out in the spring of 1906 to explore the possibilities for a CMS field in the Honan province. It proved to be an arduous trip with attacks by angry crowds, military escorts, and revised routes of travel. Pastor and Mrs. Edwins set out for the new mission field in Hsuchang on September 2, 1906. In consultation with missionaries of the China Inland Mission and others, Edwins was directed to an unoccupied field in central Honan. Moving to Hsu-ch'ang (Xuchang) in 1906, Edwins obtained a foothold in Loyang (Luoyang), Jiaxian, and other strategic centers, where land and property were purchased and groundwork was laid for future expansion. In 1910 the first nine converts were baptized in Xuchang. In addition, he was professor at the Union Theological Seminary in Shekow, near Hankou from 1922 to 1942. Pastor Edwins and the mission started a school in 1909 after requests from local people, but this school closed in 1911 due to inadequacies in the curriculum, faculty, and facilities. Another attempt to open a school occurred in 1913, but this school was discontinued after a year because Pastor Edwins was having to spend many days away from the school supervising building work at the other stations.
Final years and death.
Pastor Edwins' last twenty years in the mission field were spent teaching at the Union Theological Seminary at Hankow. Among other accomplishments, Edwins started a union language school for new missionaries, initiated a Chinese Lutheran church paper, promoted indigenous literature, and taught dogmatics in the Union Lutheran Theological Seminary near Wuhan, Hupeh (Hubei), while also serving as the schools President. In March 1941, due to an increasingly tense political situation in China, Pastor Edwins sent his wife and children home to the United States. After the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor and the subsequent declaration of war on Japan by the United States, American citizens living in China were interned by the Japanese. Since Shekow, where the seminary was located, was in occupied territory, Pastor Edwins became one of those interned. He was interned by the Japanese shortly after Pearl Harbor. Pastor Edwins and others received word in April 1942 that an exchange of American and Japanese nationals was to take place. On June 5 Pastor Edwins and other internees boarded a Japanese steamer that took them to Shanghai. While in Shanghai, Pastor Edwins suffered a stroke and was placed in the China Inland Hospital. He stayed there until he was transferred to the ship that would take him home. The S.S. Conte Verde left Shanghai on June 29 and on July 2 Pastor Edwins died after suffering another stroke late in the evening. He was buried in the South China sea 160 miles due east of Hanoi on July 3 after a brief service attended by fellow missionaries.

</doc>
<doc id="20904168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904168" title="Waldkirchen–Haidmühle railway">
Waldkirchen–Haidmühle railway

The Waldkirchen–Haidmühle railway was a branch line in Bavaria, in southern Germany. It ran from Waldkirchen to Haidmühle in the Bohemian Forest and had a junction there to the line from Haidmühle to Wallern, run by the former United Bohemian Forest Branch Line company ("Vereinigte Böhmerwald-Lokalbahnen"). It branched at Waldkirchen from the Passau – Freyung branch line ("Ilztalbahn"). The line was finally closed in 1994.
History.
On 10 August 1904 the Bavarian state government authorised the construction of a 26.9 kilometre long branch from Waldkirchen to the Czech border beyond Haidmühle. It was not expected that the line itself would make a profit; it was built to form a junction with the Bohemian railway network. It was opened on 15 November 1910. As a result of the state treaty agreed with Austria on 22 November 1904 this branch line was given a junction with Bohemia at Haidmühle to the United Bohemian Forest Branch Line company to their branch line from Haidmühle to Schwarzes Kreuz (Czech: Černý Kříž) with junctions to Winterberg (Bohemia) (Vimperk), Prachatitz (Prachatice) and Krummau (Český Krumlov). The station building and goods shed at Haidmühle were used jointly by both railway companies and the customs authorities.
The route ran from Waldkirchen initially in an easterly direction to Neureichenau and then northeast towards the border station, gaining 346 m in height. In its early years and after the forced annexation of the Sudetenland through trains ran from Passau to Haidmühle, whilst the Freyung line was given at junction at Waldkirchen.
Plans from the Czech side to extend the route again to Haidmühle, in order to build a better connexion there to Bavarian bus services, were scrapped. However there are currently plans to reactivate the "Ilztalbahn", and reinstate a bus link between Waldkirchen and Nove Udoli.
Museum railway.
Between Nové Údolí (German: Neuthal) station and the end of the border bridge in Germany there is a railway museum, housed in three old goods wagons and which recounts the history of the line, as well as museum railway, the "Pošumavská jižní dráha" (PJD), which is described as the shortest international railway in the world. The line is 105 metres long and links Czech and German national territory. It can only be joined in the Czech Republic and the line is not joined to the Czech (ČD) national railway network. A journey down the line takes 24 seconds.
Traffic.
Due to the low axle load permitted on branch lines, special Bavarian "Lokalbahn" (branch line) locomotives ran on the line. In particular, for goods trains the Bavarian BB II (later DRG Class 98.7) Mallet locomotives from Bw Passau were used. From the early 1930s to the start of the Second World War four-wheeled diesel railbuses of DRG Class 135 and 137, together with their corresponding trailer cars, also ran to Freyung and Haidmühle. In addition the employment of Bavarian Pt 2/3 (later DRG Class 70.0) locomotives was reported.
After the line was refurbished and the track and ballast strengthened, DRG Class 64 locomotives took over the passenger services and DRG Class 81s the goods traffic. Later diesel engines were also used as were Uerdingen railbuses for passenger duties.
Closoure and Dismantling.
On the imposition of the Iron Curtain a section of the line on the Czech side of the border was remove and the importance of the Waldkirchen – Haidmühle line rapidly waned. Only shuttle services continued and all trains ran from Passau to Freyung. On 26 May 1963 passenger services to Haidmühle were withdrawn. Between Haidmühle and Jandelsbrunn goods traffic ceased on 31 December 1975 and between Jandelsbrunn and Waldkirchen on 1 October 1994. After the tracks were lifted the trackbed was used for the Adalbert Stifter cycle path.

</doc>
<doc id="20904170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904170" title="Naami Chor">
Naami Chor

Naami Chor is a 1977 Bollywood action film directed by Kamal Mehra.

</doc>
<doc id="20904177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904177" title="Ooparwala Jaane">
Ooparwala Jaane

Ooparwala Jaane is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Naresh Saigal. The film stars Vinod Mehra and Rehana Sultan .

</doc>
<doc id="20904180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904180" title="Paapi">
Paapi

Paapi is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by O. P. Ralhan. Zeenat Aman plays a young woman who was raised on the wrong side of the law. Her estranged brother, played by Sunil Dutt, has become a police officer. The story follows Zeenat Aman as she learns what it is to take responsibility for one's actions and Sunil Dutt as he learns to separate crime from the criminal. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904181" title="Palkon Ki Chhaon Mein">
Palkon Ki Chhaon Mein

Palkon Ki Chhaon Mein is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Meraj. The film stars Rajesh Khanna and Hema Malini. It received 4 of 5 stars from critics in Bollywood Guide Collections. Rajesh Khanna plays the role of a village postman. The film was critically acclaimed and became an unexpected flop at the box office. "Welcome to Sajjanpur", a film inspired by "Palkon Ki Chhaon Mein", became a hit at the box office in 2008.
Plot.
Ravi (Rajesh Khanna) is a well educated guy but hasn’t got a job yet. Unlike others, he doesn’t find any job big or small…he just takes up anything that comes his way. The movie opens showing him delivering Newspapers at people’s doors – but the job is not permanent. He likes painting and usually makes paintings that depict village life…on being asked by his friend he says city life is very mechanical and he doesn’t like it.
When his Maa ji (Pratima Devi) sees one of his paintings she says that the house in his painting is so much like his dadaji’s house. But alas, his father had to leave it and come to the city because of sarkari naukari. Saying that she leaves for post office to collect her husband’s pension but he stops her. He goes to the Post Office instead.
At the Post Office, Om Shivpuri is interviewing people for the post of a Post Man at Sitapur and gets so frustrated talking to people who come for the interview.
When Ravi comes to collect his father’s pension, he takes it for granted that he’s one of the interview candidates and starts asking him questions. He asks Ravi for his age and Ravi says : As per certificates, it’s 21 but that’s not correct.
Om: How can you say that?
Ravi : Because no one knows which year I was born in…Mom says there was a flood in the village the year I was born, as though I wouldn’t have been born had it not been for the floods. She also says, I was born after 2 years since she got married and there was a drought that year.
This part is very interesting. Ravi, unaware that he’s being interviewed answers with such carefree attitude. And Om Shivpuri, on the other hand is also pleasantly surprised and enjoys the conversation.
At the end of 5 minutes, Om Shivpuri offers him the job and Ravi gladly takes it up.
Now that he’s an official postman, he comes home in Postman’s uniform and says : Postman….money order. His mom comes to the door, checks the sheet:
Maa : Yeh kaisa moneyorder hai bhai? (What kind of money order is this, Bhai?)
Ravi : Bhai nahin maa, beta kaho beta! (Bhai nahin, call me Beta)
Maa tu toh aise ghabra gayi…daakiya bana, koi daaku thodi na bana…aur phir sarkari naukari hai – rehne ke liye kapda makaan muft aur rotiyaan Manoj Kumar se maang lenge. (You were so worried…I have become a daakia – a postman, not a Daaku. And it’s a government job, I’ll get accommodation and uniform for free…that leaves roti and I can always ask Manoj Kumar for that)
Maa : Woh kaun hai? (Who’s that?)
Ravi : Maa tu picturen nahin dekhti.
His mother is worried that he’s going for such a job when he’s so well educated. But he is happy to be employed. So he sets out for Sitapur. After getting down from the train, he boards Nattu’s (Amjad Khan) Tanga bound for Sitapur.
Existing Post Master explains his job to him…says his job would also include writing letters for others, reading out their letters etc. apart from just delivering them…because not everybody in the village is literate.
Ravi is asked to share his quarters with Raghu Rampuri(Asrani), who’s a unique-piece item. The moment Ravi enters the house Raghu says : The only two things that are famous from Rampur are – me and chaku.And then introduces him as a poet. When Ravi says that he’s never heard his poems, Raghu says : it’s just that I am ahead of my poems – I became more famous than my poems.
Parcel (Rajoo Shrestha) lives with Raghu. He cleans the house and cooks for him, in return Raghu teaches him how to read and write.
Ravi : Kiska ladka hai? (Whose child is he?)
Raghu : Daak khaane ka (Post Office’s…no wonder he’s named Parcel). He lives at the post office, no one knows who his parents are but he loves reading. Maybe he’ll also become a Postman like you when he grows up.On his first day at work, he goes to the temple in the morning to deliver Panditji’s letter and sees Mohini (Hema Mailin) there.
There’s an old lady in the village, whose son, Rasulla, had joined the Army and gone away… and who never returned. She’s gone insane waiting to hear from him. She sits guarding a mango tree from other kids in the village. She’s been dying to hear from her son for years and when Ravi comes there and chases the little boys troubling her away, she sees the letters on the carrier of Ravi’s cycle and takes them away saying all those are her son’s letters.
He has to coax her into giving those letters back to him. And then he pulls out a blank paper from the stack of letters and recites : Meri pyaari ammi….pretending to read the content from a letter. And at the end he asks her : Nani, what’s your son’s name? And after she says the name, he ends the letter saying : Tera beta Rasulla.Then he goes about delivering letters…he goes to a house and knocks, Mohini opens the door and is delighted to see the Postman…he hands over a letter -
Ravi : I am new here, had I known this letter was for you, I would have given it at the temple itself.
Mohini : You are new, that’s why I didn’t ask you if there was any letter for me when I saw you in the temple.
But the letter is not for her, somebody showed him the wrong house and she’s very disappointed.
She, however, guides him to the correct address, Choudhary’s house. His daughter, Chhutki (Farida Jalal) opens the door and talks non-stop that her father is not home with lots of if-else conditions. Finally when she’s done, he gives her the letter and leaves.
Chhutki’s wedding has been fixed and the letter is from her sasural, she’s very excited to know what’s written in it…so she comes to call Mohini so that they both could go somewhere and read the letter. She takes permission from Mohini’s maa (Leela Mishra) and they both leave with an excuse of fetching water from the well.She opens the letter, puts the envelope behind on a stone wall surrounding the well and starts reading the letter. But she can’t read properly and can’t figure out what’s written in it…she asks Mohini for help but she can’t read either. She says she would have gone and joined the army if she knew how to read and write.
When they see people coming towards them, she tries to collect the envelope and leave from there, but in a hurry, she misses it and the envelope goes flying down into the well.
There’s a beautiful song here – Allah megh de. The letter finally reaches the Chaudhary and he reads it but is perplexed thinking how the Daakiya could have brought the letter without an envelope, which means no address. Chhutki lies to him saying that the letter was delivered without the envelope. And as though her saying so would help she says : Good that the kept the envelope. Imagine if he had to keep the letter and just give the envelope to us. We would never get to know what’s in the letter.
When Daakiya comes the following morning, Chaudhary is still perplexed wondering about the missing envelope and he asks him if he has come to distribute just the envelopes today. Now, it’s Ravi’s turn to get confused. He’s accused of taking the envelope away. (What could he possible do with it even if he had to take it?) Finally Mohini comes to his rescues and spills the truth to Chaudhary.
Next, he goes searching for Aarti Sharma to give Money order….when he reaches her house, he sees her busy making quilts. She stops her work to chat with him for a while and says that it’s her husband’s pension.
Aazadi ke jung mein saheed hue the - She claims to be an army’s widow and yet she puts sindoor. He’s kind of confused. And finding his puzzled expression very natural, she goes on to explain that she’s Amar suhagan and all the others in the village call her Suhagi didi. She says she waits for this day not because she would get money but for her husband…she feels connected to him in some way and when she puts sindoor she feels that he’s still somewhere around.
Ravi takes her hand, and takes her thumb impression on the paper before giving her the Pension amount. But she doesn’t keep the money…she sends it for the welfare of other armies who are fighting day and night, protecting the country and ensuring everybody’s safety. At the end he realizes that she’s educated and can converse fluently in English as well. He leaves feeling embarrassed for taking her thumb impression instead of asking her to sign.
Ravi sits under a Peepal tree in front of Mohini’s house and sorts his letters. And she awaits a letter herself quite desperately so keeps asking him if there’s a letter for her. Ravi replies to her and continues with his work.
Mohini (to her cow) : Do you want some water?
Ravi (assuming she’s asking him) : Yes, a glass of water, please.
Mohini : What will a glass of water do, I will have to get a bucket full of water for you.
And then she asks him if he would want some water…to this he replies -
Ravi : Yes, but not in a bucket.
She goes towards the house and then stops half way through to ask if buttermilk would do. He nods. And she comes with a glass of buttermilk for him.
Mohini : if I get any letters, do give it to me.
Ravi : Who else would I give it to?
Mohini: Oh I mean, don't give it to Maa.
Ravi : Once bitten twice shy, I would never make that mistake again. I have learnt a lot from Chaudhary saab’s letter episode (Dhoodh ka jala hoon na, dekho chhach ko bhi phook phook ke pee raha hoon).
She behaves pretty mysterious asking about letters so he asks her if she gets letters often.
Mohini : No, but just in case if I get any letters.
Ravi : You wait so much for them, you must have got them earlier too.
Mohini : No, not yet, but…
Ravi : Who is it that you expect to hear from so much?
Mohini : (Little uncomfortably) I am supposed to get a letter form my Mamaji.
And goes away saying she has to give buttermilk to her cow.
Ravi : Buttermilk? To cow?
Mohini : I mean water…don’t know what I am saying today
Ravi (jokingly) : You get so confused, has it ever happened that you kept your food plate in front of the cow and started eating the grass yourself?
She laughs and goes away.
Ravi sings Daakiya daak laaya as he goes about his work. He comes home from work very hungry and asks Parcel for food. Raghu gives him water and starts asking about Mohini. The entire village is talking about the two of them now. Ravi confides that he likes Mohini but has no idea how she feels for him. Just then Parcel comes with a sheet of paper and asks Raghu if it’s ok…Raghu after going through it approves of it and asks Parcel to post it. Ravi is confused as to what they both are up to. Raghu explains to him that nobody ever wrote him a letter in his life, so he’s making Parcel write one and post it. He would reply to it on receiving it.
One day on his way back home, Ravi sees Mohini sitting on a tree branch and staring.He asks her what she’s looking at and she says she was thinking about the armies who were there few months ago for training. She would sit there and look at them for hours together.
Mohini : This area used to be so full of armies some time back and now…
Ravi : And now, let’s both go and do a parade.
Mohini : Who will distribute your letters then?
Ravi : We could ask anybody to do that…what’s the name of that liar friend of yours? Chhutki? Let her go around giving the letters and her father will go behind her with the envelopes 
She asks him why he didn’t come and sit under the Peepal tree today to sort his letters and mentions she was actually waiting for him the whole day.
Ravi : You were waiting for me? or for your mamaji’s letter?
Mohini : Had made daliya today, you come everyday so had kept some for you too.
Ravi : Is it still there or did you give it to your cow?
Mohini : I have kept some for you.
Ravi : Ok then, I have to go to Suhagi didi’s house now, I’ll come over after that (extremely delighted).
Suhagi has made some quilts and blankets and she gives them to Ravi to send them across to some regiment. Ravi comes to Mohini’s place to have daliya. He barely sits down when Mohini’s cow breaks free and runs away with the rope entangled with Ravi’s cycle. Mohini’s cow running away with Ravi’s cycle – this becomes such a big breaking news and the hottest gossip in the village.
Ravi goes behind the cow and finally brings both the cow and cycle home. But he gets hurt in the process. So Mohini tends to his wounds. She notices Suhagi’s parcel and asks Ravi about it.
Him : She has sent it for the armies.
Her : What if I want to send a parcel to somebody?
Him : You should have his name and regiment address and it will reach him. But…why? You know any fauji?
Her : No, I was just asking.
Rekha makes a special appearance in this dance – Surme wale sainyaan hamaro ji.
After a few days, she meets him by that tree again and takes his measurements for a sweater. He’s very happy and is now sure that she likes him too.
Another day she complains that he never brings a letter for her and then he promises to bring a letter for her the following day.
He goes home that night and sits awake the whole night writing a letter to her – putting down his feelings on paper. When he meets her, he gives her the letter and she’s extremely delighted. Then she shows him the sweater she has knit and asks him to try it. He’s happily trying it out when she looks at the letter and says – now that he has written to me and I have his address, I can send the sweater too.
He is shocked to find out that it’s not for him. All his dreams are shattered and he’s heart is broken…
She then tells him her story – She had met Ravi (Jeetendra), an army officer when his battalion was training near her village, fallen in love with him and had also quietly married him in a temple. But he had to go almost immediately after that and she has never heard of him since. However, she’s sure he’ll return to her some day.
Now that he knows she’s already married, he decides to help her locate Ravi (Jeetendra). Heartbroken as he is, he cannot help himself from singing a song – Ladkhadane do mujhe. He goes to the town the following morning searching for Ravi (Jeetendra) but with no luck and finally comes back to Sitapur again.
He meets Rasulla’s mother at the station, she gives him a letter and asks him to read it. It has the news of Rasullah’s death and the letter is dated ten years back.
The very same day he receives a telegram saying that the Army Officer he was looking for has been killed in the war. With a heavy heart he goes to give the news to Mohini but there’s a huge crowd gathered there. Mohini tells him that Rasulla’s mother died of sorrow because somebody told her that her son is dead. Ravi feels guilty and tells her that he was the one who had read the letter out to her. At this she tells him he should have lied and hidden the truth from her. At least a lie would have saved her life. Everybody in the village knew of Rasulla’s death but nobody had dared to break the news to her because they were scared she would die of shock.
Now, Ravi (Rajesh) cannot bring himself to tell Mohini of Ravi’s (Jeetendra) death. And he goes back home with a heavier heart. He’s in a dilemma as to whether to tell Mohini the truth or to hide it from her.
Mohini, on the other hand, now aware that the war has come to an end starts waiting all the more eagerly for Ravi (Jeetendra) – Ghungta gira hai.
What will Ravi do now? Will he ever be able to tell Mohini the truth? Will she ever come to know that he was once in love with her? Will she misunderstand his intentions? Mohini’s Maa is pressurizing her to get married…how long will she be able to postpone it? Will she be able to voice out and explain about her marriage with Ravi (Jeetendra)? Is Ravi (Jeetendra) really dead? Or Ravi (Rajesh) has something else in mind?

</doc>
<doc id="20904183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904183" title="Pandit Aur Pathan">
Pandit Aur Pathan

Pandit Aur Pathan is a 1977 Bollywood action film directed by Joginder Shelly.

</doc>
<doc id="20904187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904187" title="Prayashchit">
Prayashchit

Prayashchit is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Kamal Majumdar. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904189" title="Priyatama">
Priyatama

Priyatama is a 1977 light musical Bollywood film directed by Basu Chatterjee. It stars Jeetendra, Neetu Singh, Rakesh Roshan, Utpal Dutt and Asha Sachdev. Asha Sachdev won Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress. Music is by Rajesh Roshan and lyrics provided by Yogesh and Amit Khanna. A couple of songs from the film became popular.

</doc>
<doc id="20904191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904191" title="Ram Bharose">
Ram Bharose

Ram Bharose is a 1977 Bollywood comedy film directed by Anand Sagar.

</doc>
<doc id="20904193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904193" title="Safed Jhoot">
Safed Jhoot

Safed Jhoot is a 1977 Bollywood comedy drama film directed by Basu Chatterjee. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904194" title="Saheb Bahadur">
Saheb Bahadur

Saheb Bahadur is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Chetan Anand.
Plot.
In a small town, situated in a picturesque Indian valley, lives a corrupt Deputy collector, Hare Murari, an equally corrupt Police Superintendent, Pasupathi; a doctor; a Judge; & Professor Rampyare. These officials always ensure that no one gets anything done without their permission, thus ensuring that their palms are adequately greased. When a young man named Prem Pratap seeks a license for conducting a song and dance sequence, he too is asked to bribe them, which he does. Subsequently, Hare Murari finds out that Prem Pratap may be a Government Official who has come incognito to investigate and expose them. Hare Murari's and the others worst fears are realized when they find out that Prem has been speaking long distance with none other than the President of India. What follows is hilarious chaos as the officials come together to try and portray themselves as honest and law-abiding citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="20904202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904202" title="Shankar Hussain">
Shankar Hussain

Shankar Hussain is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Yusuf Naqvi. It has memorable songs by Rafi sing "Kahin ek Masum Nazuk si Lardki" sung by Rafi and "Aaap yun Faaslon Se" sung by Lata, both classics Khayyam's repertoire. 
Short Story : Dr. Uday Shankar, rescues a Muslim child, Husain from a devastating flood and raises him along with his own son Ajay. He makes Husain follow his Muslim roots against the backdrop of his Hindu household. Years later, Husain is studying in college while Ajay returns home after his medical studies. Soon, Dr. Uday Shankar passes away and Ajay continues to help the poor of the village to maintain his father's legacy. Husain falls in love with a Muslim girl Gulsum while Ajay too falls in love with a girl named Kusum. But things get complicated when they find out that Gulsum and Kusum are the same girl. Soon a series of unfortunate events puts Dr. Uday Shankar's family in turmoil and Husain rises up to save his family's name. What is the mystery behind the girl that both brothers have fallen in love with? How will Husain save the honor and dignity of his family?
Songs.
The film is noted for its songs with lyrics by Jan Nisar Akhtar, Kaif Bhopali, Kaifi Azmi and Kamal Amrohi and music Khayyam 

</doc>
<doc id="20904206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904206" title="Shirdi Ke Sai Baba">
Shirdi Ke Sai Baba

Shirdi Ke Sai Baba is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Ashok V. Bhushan.
Story.
Pooja lives with her doctor husband and a young son. Her son becomes seriously ill and does not respond to any medication, her husband wants him to be moved to a hospital for further treatment. Pooja has heard of Sai Baba and wants her son to be treated there. Her son regains consciousness for a short while and demands that he be taken to Shirdi, the town of Sai Baba.
They travel there and meet with an ardent devotee of Sai Baba who recounts the tale behind the Baba: A young boy who traveled with a marriage procession to Shirdi. He stayed there, grew up, and was looked after by the kind townspeople, who subsequently named him Sai Baba. He showed Ganpat Rao that he is one with Vithoba and Bhagwan Shri Kishan; he demonstrated to Som Dev that he is one with Bhagwan Shri Shiv; former jailbird Heera regained his eyesight with Sai's blessing. During all of these miracles, Sai went door to door begging for alms and food. The legend grew, people flocked all over to witness this new Messiah, one whom the Muslims called "Allah Sai", Christians "Jesus Sai", Sikhs "Nanak Sai", and Hindus "Bhola Sai". Sai could recite scriptures from all the holy books — whether it was the Quran, the Bible, the Granth Sahib, or the Geeta — and always blessed Hindus with "Allah Malik" (Allah bless you) and Muslims with "Ram Ram" or "Hare Krishna" (Krishna bless you). After his death, a temple was built in his memory. That temple is still standing, losing none of its majesty, in Shirdi. In that temple, the place where Baba's idol is sitting, is the exact place where Baba once sat, to rest, while the temple was under construction
It is here that a doubting doctor has to decide whether his ailing son can be treated by Sai Baba, and it is here where we will witness whether faith or scientific reality and logic will prevail.
External links.
By Antonio Rigopoulos (1993) "The Life and Teachings of Sai Baba of Shirdi" is published in India by Sri Satguru Publications, Indian Books Centre, Delhi. ISBN 81-7030-378-9

</doc>
<doc id="20904212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904212" title="Shri Ram Vanvas">
Shri Ram Vanvas

Shri Ram Vanvas is a 1977 Bollywood drama film directed by Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao. It is the sequel to the film Sita Swayamvar.

</doc>
<doc id="20904216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904216" title="Taxi Taxie">
Taxi Taxie

Taxi Taxie is a 1977 Bollywood adventure film comedy directed by Irshad.
In 1976, Martin Scorsese came up with Taxi Driver, a movie that went on to be viewed as one of the best films ever. Starring Robert De Niro, the movie garnered tremendous critical acclaim and emerged as a cult classic. Over the years many directors have been inspired by its style and the way it went about constructing a psychological study of a man leading a life shrouded by disturbing elements, or rather deconstructing the psychological state of disturbed man finding it difficult to come to terms with his environs.
Closer home, a man called Irshaad made a movie titled Taxi Taxie, casting Amol Palekar in the lead as a taxi driver operating in the metropolis of Mumbai. This movie that came out in 1977 seems to be clearly inspired by the English classic that released a year before. The director/writer has been influenced by the idea of his famous contemporary from the west, and has created a completely different movie, completely different narrative of his own, which is quite unique.
Amol Palekar, quite fondly given the moniker ‘Hero’ by his fellow Mumbai Taxiwallahs, is an honest and diligent worker who spends most of his time on the streets of Mumbai, helping various people move around the city. However, he himself finds it difficult to navigate through certain cobwebs in his mind, which keep pushing him back to his past. His choice of being a taxi driver, despite being well qualified academically, comes as an enigma to his old college friend who he runs into one day. He justifies it by voicing the joys of being constantly with various passengers, who he treats like fellow companions in the journey of life. The profession, thus, is his way of parrying off any chances of falling prey to loneliness. There is also a more romantic reason of him wanting to search for an old flame who he hopes would run into him, if luck is on his side. Thus, all the time his eyes keep searching for that familiar face while he drives through the good and bad wonders of the city.
As a part of his routine, Hero chances into a hapless (and kind) prostitute more than once, and forges a friendly relationship with her. He also meets a struggling playback singer who somehow reminds him of his flame who he wants to reconnect with quite badly. There is also a kind Christian landlady with whom he shares a lovely bond. It is through these relationships that Hero’s thoughts and conflicts are brought to the fore.
The city of Mumbai plays a crucial role in binding the narrative. The recent Aamir Khan film Talaash shares some other similarities with this thirty-five-year-old forgotten work. People who have been to Mumbai will find it interesting to see all their favourite places from the town being given prominence in the film (without pushing the main context to the background). The film appears technically sound in spite of the apparent low budget.
Cast.
Banner : Radha Mohan Arts
Produced By Mrs. Pari A. V. Mohan
Directed by Irshad
Music By Hemant Bhosle
Lyrics By Majrooh Sultanpuri
Songs
1. JEEVAN MEIN HUM SAFAR - Kishore Kumar & Rama Vij
2. HUMEIN TO AAJ ISI BAAT PAR - Asha Bhosle
3. LAYI KAHAN HAI ZINDAGI - Lata Mangeshkar, Asha Bhosle & Chorus
4. BHAWRON KI GUN GUN - Asha Bhosle
5. Title Song (Instrumental)

</doc>
<doc id="20904219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904219" title="Thomas F. McCran">
Thomas F. McCran

Thomas Francis McCran (December 2, 1875 – September 19, 1925) was an American jurist and Republican Party politician who served as Speaker of the New Jersey General Assembly, President of the New Jersey Senate, and Attorney General of New Jersey.
Early life and legal career.
McCran was born in Newark, New Jersey in 1875. He was raised in Paterson and was educated in the public schools there. He attended Seton Hall College and graduated in 1896 with a Bachelor of Science degree.
He read law in the office of former State Senator William B. Gourley in Paterson and was admitted as an attorney in 1899, becoming a counselor in 1911. He practiced in Gourley's office until 1907 before opening up an office of his own.
McCran was elected City Attorney of Paterson in 1907, holding the office until 1912. He became a counselor at law in 1911 and obtained his LL.D. from Seton Hall in 1917.
Political career.
In 1909 McCran was elected as a Republican member of the State Assembly from Passaic County, and he was re-elected in 1911 and 1912. He was named floor leader by the Republican minority in 1911 and the following year, when the Republicans took control of the Assembly, he was made Speaker. 
Before the expiration of his term, he was nominated by the Republicans of Passaic County for the State Senate. The Progressive Party ran a candidate in the race, splitting the Republican vote, and the Democratic candidate Peter J. McGinnis defeated McCran by a slim margin. In 1915 he ran against McGinnis again and defeated him by a plurality of more than 8,000 votes. 
In 1917 Senate Republicans named McCran majority leader, and in 1918 he was selected as Senate President. He presided as Acting Governor in the absence of Governor Walter Evans Edge.
In 1919 Governor Edge appointed him to the position of Attorney General for a five-year term. On the completion of his term he sought the Republican nomination for Governor in 1925. Despite the backing of Edge (now in the United States Senate) and the regular Republican organization, McCran was defeated for the nomination by Arthur Whitney, who had the support of the Anti-Saloon League. Whitney would go on to defeat in the general election by Democratic candidate A. Harry Moore.
Death.
In September 1925, three months after losing the arduous gubernatorial primary, McCran died suddenly at his home in Paterson. He was diagnosed with acute indigestion and leakage of the heart. He was survived by his wife, the former Frances C. Martin (married at Passaic, June 1916), and his daughter Frances Abby McCran (born December 15, 1918).

</doc>
<doc id="20904222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904222" title="Tyaag">
Tyaag

Tyaag is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Din Dayal Sharma. The film stars Rajesh Khanna and Sharmila Tagore in lead roles. The film was produced by Sharmila Tagore's secretary, N.S.Kabir, and was co-produced by Sharmila Tagore. Rajesh Khanna’s real-life secretary Gurnam Singh played the side kick Bansi to Khanna's character Chetan in this film..The film was critically acclaimed and given four stars by critics upon its release in Bollywood Guide Collections.It was the last film to release with music director as S.D.Burman.
Plot.
The story begins in the Central Jail, where a prisoner (Raza Murad) being hanged in the morning is desperately bewailing his fate. His fears are soothed somewhat by another inmate named Chetan (Rajesh Khanna) who tells him that he is not dying but starting a new life elsewhere in a body free from sin. The principle comforts the prisoner and jail inmate becomes happy. Chetan has served a 10 year long sentence for murder and is about to be released early for good behavior. The Jailor (Murad) is curious how such an obviously empathetic and honest man as Chetan has proved to be could be a murderer as well, and he asks Chetan to explain. Initially Chetan refuses gently but then starts disclosing his past.
Chetan is a penniless poet while Sunita is the daughter of a wealthy man (Kamal Kapoor). Both are very much in love. Chetan’s close friend Bansi (Gurnam Singh) thinks Chetan should use his education to get a job to keep the creditors from his door, but Chetan wants to continue writing books and develop his habit of writing stories with Sunita’s full support. Sunita fears to talk before her father. Her rich father has the reason for being a stubborn father too and that is that he was a poor man and his wife had died because he could not afford proper medical facilities for her only because he could not afford them and this has made him more ambitious in life. So Sunita's father has throughout his life concentrated more on building his house and earning more money for a secure future but all this at the cost of a complete disconnect personally between him and Sunita.
Sunita’s father decides to get her married off to a man named Gopal (Dheeraj Kumar), a doctor. Gopal and his mother (Sulochana Latkar) meet Sunita in her house for the first time and they like her. Her dad decides to announce their engagement at the birthday party. Meanwhile Sunita urges Chetan to ask her hand to her father on her birthday and she invites him for that party.At the party her father is rude to Chetan and then announces her engagement to Gopal — she swallows her anger in order to maintain a good front before the guests, but later goes in search of Chetan at his home.
Sunita tells Chetan that they should elope and go far away from her parents and live a separate world of theirs. Chetan says why should they elope instead they should go together to her father and tell him that they want to get married to each other and that Chetan will take care of Sunita. Sunita does agree with him but tells Chetan that this idea of his won't help as her father may attack or kill Chetan. To this Chetan replies that its completely unethical to run away from problem and in this case from her father as it would bring dishonour to Sunita and even to their own love story. Chetan promises that if her father refuses to give his permission they will get married anyway.So Chetan advices her to go back home and that Chetan would marry her after trying to convince her father. Chetan points out that society will disapprove and she might regret it someday. To this Sunita declares that Chetan is a coward and a selfish person who does not want to share a bit of sorrow that her parents did not approve of their relation
and take a risk by running away and start a life together, when she left her wealth and family and came to him. Sunita says she did not think of anything except her love for Chetan and came running with her belongings to Chetan's house. That shows she is selfless in this love affair. So by this logic she tells Chetan that she would now marry Gopal only as Chetan has belittled their love and her ability to make choice.
Sunita marries Gopal and they live happily but one day she discloses her husband that she was in love with a person in her college days. Gopal gets angry and hurt so starts drinking wine and confides his problem to a friend in bar Mahinder and goes off to England for years to further his medical studies, abandoning Sunita to bring up their son Munna (Master Tito) and take care of his mother.
Chetan meanwhile channels his despair into writing and becomes critically renowned and popular; one of his biggest fans is Sunita’s mother-in-law. His greatest work is a novel called Tyaag—the story of his romance with Sunita. Five years pass after Sunita's marriage and Gopal decides to return to India as he by now realises that Sunita is a good mother and a good daughter-in-law and so decides to mend their marriage life.
Sunit's child then runs away from home in search of his father and boards a train. There he meets a passenger and he turns out to be Chetan. Chetan realises that the child is innocent and decides to lodge a police complaint. On this child being smart and hyperactive decides to run away from him. But Chetan catches him and promises him to take him to England. Munna agrees to go home now provided Chetan takes him home.
Sunita gets angry on seeing Chetan. She tries her best to throw him out of her life. Rest of the story is about the dilemma which Sunita faces. Will Chetan avenge his failed love affair with her in the past by destroying her present married life? Will Chetan avail of the opportunity of Gopal's absence to molest her? Is Chetan really in love with her child? What will happen to her life when her husband returns? This forms the rest of the story.

</doc>
<doc id="20904225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904225" title="Vishwasghaat">
Vishwasghaat

Vishwasghaat is a 1996 Bollywood film directed by Himanshu Brahmbhatt. The film stars Sunil Shetty, Anjali Jathar and Anupam Kher.

</doc>
<doc id="20904229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904229" title="Yaaron Ka Yaar">
Yaaron Ka Yaar

Yaaron Ka Yaar is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by A. Bhimsingh. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904242" title="Cedar Grove (MVTA station)">
Cedar Grove (MVTA station)

The Cedar Grove Transit Station is a transit facility that is located in the vicinity of the Cedar Grove community of Eagan, Minnesota, that opened on March 20, 2010. A video has been released showing off the station. This is the second southbound station on the "METRO Red Line".
Original plans are in works to improve access to Hwy. 77 from the station, along with re-designing the overall station structure as well.
Bus connections.
Note: Route 438 operates on-demand service to Blackhawk Park & Ride (for connections to Route 480). Route 440V trips make connections to Metro Transit Route's 22 (Minneapolis/Brooklyn Center) and 515 (Richfield Commons/Southdale Mall) @ VA Medical Center. BlueXpress operates service directly to Shakopee and Prior Lake on Route 491 via terminal letter "A". "BlueXpress" also operates reverse commute service to Downtown Minneapolis on both Route's 491A and 492.

</doc>
<doc id="20904246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904246" title="Franz Merkhoffer">
Franz Merkhoffer

Franz Merkhoffer (born 29 November 1946) is a retired German footballer. He is the record holder for most games played for Eintracht Braunschweig, where he spent his whole professional career.
Career.
After playing youth and amateur football for his hometown club MTV Dettum and Hamburger SV Amateure, Merkhoffer joined Bundesliga side Eintracht Braunschweig in 1968. In Braunschweig he played 419 games in the Bundesliga between 1968 and 1983, becoming a mainstay in the club's defense for almost 16 years.
Post-retirement.
After retiring from football in 1984, Merkhoffer went into horse breeding.
Personal life.
Merkhoffer is father-in-law to American soccer player Jacob Thomas, who married Merkhoffer's daughter during his stay as a player at Eintracht Braunschweig.

</doc>
<doc id="20904251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904251" title="James L. Berkey">
James L. Berkey

James Lysander Berkey (10 April 1930 – 3 July 1982) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Heaven's Gate".

</doc>
<doc id="20904253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904253" title="Never Mind the Molluscs">
Never Mind the Molluscs

Never Mind the Molluscs is a compilation EP released in 1993 on Sub Pop Records. Released as part of the Halifax Pop Explosion movement of the early 1990s, the EP featured four songs by emerging alternative rock bands from Halifax, Nova Scotia and Moncton, New Brunswick. Two of the featured bands, Jale and Eric's Trip, were signed directly to Sub Pop, while Sloan were signed to Geffen Records.
Eric's Trip contributed a medley of two separate songs, "Blue Sky for Julie/Smother", to the album. Sloan later covered "Smother" for the Geffen Records compilation album "DGC Rarities Volume 1"; their version recombined "Smother" into a medley with a different Eric's Trip song, "Stove" from the album "Love Tara". 

</doc>
<doc id="20904259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904259" title="Anjane Mein">
Anjane Mein

Anjane Mein is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Samir Ganguly. The film stars Rishi Kapoor and Neetu Singh.

</doc>
<doc id="20904261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904261" title="Ankh Ka Tara">
Ankh Ka Tara

Ankh Ka Tara is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Shantilal Soni.

</doc>
<doc id="20904264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904264" title="Anmol Tasveer">
Anmol Tasveer

Anmol Tasveer is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Satyen Bose.

</doc>
<doc id="20904267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904267" title="Atithee">
Atithee

Atithee is a 1978 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Aravind Sen. The film stars Shashi Kapoor.

</doc>
<doc id="20904268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904268" title="Roger Temam">
Roger Temam

Roger Meyer Temam (born 19 May 1940) is a College Professor of mathematics at The Indiana University, Bloomington. According to Mathematics Genealogy Project, (in the beginning of 2009) Temam has supervised 106 PhD thesis; this is the highest number PhD thesis supervised by an individual in the field of mathematics. He has a total of 314 mathematical descendants. He is known for his contributions to the theory of Navier–Stokes equations and numerical analysis.
France.
Temam was advised by Jacques-Louis Lions at the Université de Paris. He finished his dissertation in 1967. He was elected to the French Academy of Sciences on 11 December 2007 (while at Indiana University). From 1967 to 2003, Temam held a professorship at Université Paris-Sud (Orsay).
Indiana.
In the mid-1980s, Temam came to Indiana University to work with Ciprian Foias. Indiana made him a "a very nice offer." He taught at both Indiana and in France for some time. Since his arrival at Indiana, Temam has served as the director of the Institute for Scientific Computing and Applied Mathematics at IU.

</doc>
<doc id="20904269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904269" title="Azaad (1978 film)">
Azaad (1978 film)

Azaad is a 1978 Bollywood thriller film directed by Pramod Chakravorty. The film stars Dharmendra, Hema Malini and Prem Chopra .
Plot.
This is the story of an eccentric young man, Ashok (Dharmendra) who believes in doing good without worrying about the consequences. This does not find any favor with his sister-in-law Sarla (Sulochana), and she decides to leave him. But he persuades her to come back, and he decides to relocate and not cause any more trouble for Sarla. On his way he has a skirmish with the a princess Rajkumari Seema (Hema Malini) who he teaches a lesson to respect the poor and food grown in the fields. When he arrives in the city, due to his misfortune, he lands a job at a factory run by the Rajkumari, and immediately gets in to the bad books of Prem (Prem Chopra) to whom the Rajkumari is engaged to be married. The Rajkumari also decides to teach him a lesson for the humiliation she suffered at his hands. But things work out differently, and Ashok ends up saving the life of the Rajkumari, and she falls in love with him. This jeopardizes the plans that Rajkumari's uncle (Ajit) has for her and her bethrothed Prem, and a horrifying scheme is concocted to stop the love and possible future relationship of Rajkumari and Ashok.

</doc>
<doc id="20904273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904273" title="Bhakti Mein Shakti">
Bhakti Mein Shakti

Bhakti Mein Shakti is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by and starring Dara Singh.

</doc>
<doc id="20904279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904279" title="Bhola Bhala">
Bhola Bhala

Bhola Bhala is a 1978 Bollywood action film directed by Satpal. The film stars Rajesh Khanna, Rekha and Moushumi Chatterjee.

</doc>
<doc id="20904282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904282" title="Enshō-ji (Kenchō)">
Enshō-ji (Kenchō)

History.
This temple and the other Rokushō-ji establishments had a particular function within the Imperial . The Rokushō-ji were "sacred vow temples" ("gogan-ji") built by imperial command following a precedent established by Emperor Shirakawa's 
Hosshō-ji. Although these temple complexes were ostensibly established for a presumptively pious purpose,
The Rokushō-ji were also called the six "Superiority Temples;" and each were uniquely dedicated to an aspect of esoteric Buddhist ontology, as in 

</doc>
<doc id="20904283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904283" title="Newport and Shermans Valley Railroad">
Newport and Shermans Valley Railroad

The Newport and Shermans Valley Railroad was a nineteenth-century, Three foot gauge railways narrow gauge railroad in Pennsylvania. It ran from Newport, Pennsylvania to New Germantown, Pennsylvania. It carried lumber, and transferred it to the standard gauge Pennsylvania Railroad at Newport. The right of way was extended to an uncompleted tunnel through Conococheague Mountain, started in an attempt to connect with the Path Valley Railroad. This right of way was later used by the Perry Lumber Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="20904285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904285" title="Bhookh">
Bhookh

Bhookh is a 1978 Bollywood action film directed by H. Dinesh and Ramesh Puri.

</doc>
<doc id="20904289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904289" title="Chor Ho To Aisa">
Chor Ho To Aisa

Chor Ho To Aisa is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Ravi Tandon. The film stars Shatrughan Sinha, Reena Roy and Bindu .

</doc>
<doc id="20904293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904293" title="Chor Ke Ghar Chor">
Chor Ke Ghar Chor

Chor Ke Ghar Chor is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Vijay Sadanah. It stars Ashok Kumar, Zeenat Aman and Randhir Kapoor. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904295" title="David B. Eskind">
David B. Eskind

David B. Eskind (1909-1992) was a radio scriptwriter and producer. He was born in Nashville, Tennessee and studied writing under Thornton Wilder at the University of Chicago, from which he graduated in 1934. For the next several years he wrote radio scripts for NBC and CBS. During World War II he served in the Army in the Pacific as a writer-producer of Army education and information programs. After the war he joined the staff of the Armed Forces Radio Service in Washington, D.C., where he became a civilian writer-producer of radio shows. In 1953 he became the producer and chief writer of the “Army Hour,” which was broadcast on the Army’s worldwide radio network.

</doc>
<doc id="20904300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904300" title="Millennium Point (New York City)">
Millennium Point (New York City)

Millennium Point is a 137-meter (449 ft), 38-story skyscraper completed during 2001 in Battery Park City of lower Manhattan in New York City (U.S.). It occupies the street addresses 25–39 Battery Place. The skyscraper was constructed from 1999 to 2001, during the change of the millennium. However, due to the September 11 attacks, which hit the nearby World Trade Center, Millennium Point opened in January 2002. It was the silver winner of the 2001 Emporis Skyscraper Award.
The tower section contains 113 luxury condominiums. The wider, lower 12 floors are occupied by a 5-star hotel, The Ritz-Carlton New York, Battery Park. The hotel has 298 rooms, including 44 suites, with the largest suite spanning in area. New York's Skyscraper Museum occupies a small space on the first floor of the building. A restaurant, which does not have a name, is located on the 14th floor.

</doc>
<doc id="20904301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904301" title="Daaku Aur Jawan">
Daaku Aur Jawan

Daaku Aur Jawan is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by and starring Sunil Dutt

</doc>
<doc id="20904303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904303" title="The Original Wailers">
The Original Wailers

The Original Wailers is a reggae group led by Al Anderson, best known for his extensive work with iconic singer Bob Marley.
Biography.
In 1974 when Bob Marley went solo, on the brink of international stardom, he surprised the music community by choosing as his lead guitarist the soft spoken, American-born Al Anderson.
It was Anderson’s stunning lead work on such classics as "No Woman, No Cry", "Dem Belly Full" and "Curfew" (Three O’ Clock Road Block) that first alerted rock fans to the Wailers’ music.
Over a billion dollars worth of Marley’s music featuring Al Anderson’s evocative guitar work has been sold worldwide. Al has also played with the legendary Peter Tosh, James Brown, Stevie Wonder, The Rolling Stones, Steel Pulse, Aswad, Inner Circle, Traffic and Ben Harper.
Junior Marvin joined Marley as singer/guitarist during the sessions for "Exodus" and "Kaya" albums, shortly before the band’s legendary appearance at London’s Rainbow Theatre in ’77. Junior has also to his credit worked with Ike & Tina Turner, Steve Winwood, Linda Lewis, T-Bone Walker, Billy Preston, Chris Wood in both the US and UK. In 2011, Junior Marvin departed the group.
Al Anderson is the sole member of the Wailers mid-1970s line-up in The Original Wailers. The reformed configuration includes Desi Hyson (Vocals/Keyboards), Steve Samuels (Bass Guitar), Paapa Nyarkoh (Drums) and Marty Batista (Keyboards and Organ) that carry forward the true spirit and realities of the original music and the message of “One Love”.
"Miracle".
Al Anderson’s main ambition is to promote The Original Wailers' new EP "Miracle". Their live performances will include songs from this EP as well as classics
of the past including songs from "Legend". Four songs from the album are penned by singer & keyboardist, Desi Hyson. Backup-singer Erica Newell, formerly of the Melody Makers sings on the cover of "Our Day Will Come". 
"Miracle" is reminiscent to the words, sound and power of the original three: Peter Tosh, Bob Marley and Bunny Wailer. The album was done live in real time, with no drum machines, to keep the spirit of the music original and alive. As Al has stated, "When we got together in 1974 at the National Arena in Jamaica, it made an impact on my life musically to date and being part of those three original Wailers left me the standard of their musical genius."
Discography.
"The Wailers"

</doc>
<doc id="20904305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904305" title="Damaad">
Damaad

Damaad is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Rajat Rakshit. It is a comedy. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904309" title="Darwaza">
Darwaza

Darwaza is a 1978 Bollywood horror film directed by Shyam Ramsay and Tulsi Ramsay. The film stars Anil Dhawan.

</doc>
<doc id="20904313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904313" title="Dil Aur Deewar">
Dil Aur Deewar

Dil Aur Deewar is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by K. Bapaiah. The film stars Jeetendra and Moushumi Chatterjee. It is the remake of successful 1973 Telugu film entitled "Jeevana Tarangalu".

</doc>
<doc id="20904314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904314" title="Focal Radio">
Focal Radio

Focal Radio was a commercial radio station based in the city of Stoke-on-Trent and broadcasting to the two counties of Staffordshire and Cheshire in England. 
The station broadcast 24 hours a day, 7 days a week via the local DAB multiplex for the city as well as online. 
The station's entirely locally produced programming consisted of popular music from the past 40 years along with news, sport and speech features of general interest to the local population. A number of specialist music programmes were also provided. 
In February 2009, the station closed down having run out of cash after just four months on air and its parent company Trent Radio Station Limited was placed into liquidation. Several weeks later, the station resumed broadcasting having been acquired by local businessman Mo Chaudry.
Chaudry pulled out of backing the station three months later, resulting in an on-air pledge drive asking for listeners to buy a £10 stake in the station. Despite raising over £60,000 in a week, staff and management failed to raise another £20,000 in order to pay back the investment made by Chaudry. Focal Radio ceased transmission again at 1pm on Thursday 28 May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20904316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904316" title="Riverside Country Park">
Riverside Country Park

Riverside Country Park is a large coastal public park, situated alongside the River Medway estuary between Gillingham and Rainham. The park covers about 100 hectares (approx. ). There are a variety of natural habitats within the park, including mudflats and salt marsh, ponds and reed-beds, grassland and scrub, which provide a haven for wildlife.
History.
The coastline of Gillingham has had a rich and varied past. The park was established in the 1970s by Medway Council and takes in the various areas; of Motney Hill, Rainham Dock, Bloors Wharf, Horrid Hill, Sharp's Green Bay and Eastcourt Meadows.
Rainham Docks and Motney Hill.
The earliest known occupation of the area was in the Neolithic times according to archaeological evidence found around the Rainham Docks area. This was later used by the Romans as a burial site.
Like most of Medway, the fertile area was then a major site of hops, cherries, plums and apple orchards and wheat fields.
In 1819, Motney Hill appears on maps as an island. Because of its large sand deposits it was also known as 'Gritty Island'. In 1901, the "British Standard Cement Company" started chalk extraction to London. The chalk came from a large pit, now known as "Berengrave Local Nature Reserve" 
A cement works was then established on Motney Hill island in 1912. During high tides, barges sailed into the river near the docks, then workers known as 'Muddies' collected mud from the riverbed and loaded it onto the barges. As the tide came back in, the barges would re-float and sail to Rainham Dock, where the mud would be mixed with chalk and fired at high temperatures to produce cement.
Barges then sailed from Rainham Dock East loaded with cement and flints. These were used in the construction of roads and buildings. The barges would return with coal dust, (for firing the cement work kilns ) and timber for the local industry and making staves (timber slats used for making barrels). The barrels where then used to transport the cement. Some of this cement was sent to San Francisco, in the USA, for the re-building of the city after the 1906 earthquake.
The cement factory closed in the 1930s, and soon after the buildings were dismantled. The dockside still remains.
The chalk pit also closed in 1931 after the cement factory.
Motney Hill has also been known as Motley Hill on some old maps.
In 1923, a pumping station and sewerage installations were built on Motney Hill. It began processing waste from Rochester and Chatham, and then later Gillingham. Over the years, the works have been modernised and now it handles over 10 million gallons of effluent each day.
Bloors Wharf.
Since 1869, maps began to show a small quay.
It started as a fisherman's wharf, then had warehouses and was finally a scrap yard and ship breakers site,
In the 1990s, the Great Yarmouth Trawler "Kopli" becomes the last fishing boat to be scrapped at Bloors Wharf.
The wharf buildings have been cleared but now it is an empty abandoned space with a concrete seawall and steel fence.
Horrid Hill.
In the 1860s, Alfred Castle used to moor his vessels in Sharp's Green Bay (see more later), to collect chalk from a nearby quarry in Twydall, before heading across the water to his two cement works on Queenborough on the Isle of Sheppey. The chalk was carted to the barges from the quarry, then the barges would be loaded at low tide, as the draught (draft (hull) of the vessel would require more water under the keel to float off the mud. Due to tidal constraints, the barges were loaded by hand. Castle later built a wooden jetty further down the channel leading to a small peninsula in the river. This then allowed the barges to load at high and low tides. Later, to improve the speed of loading, he built a narrow gauge horse-drawn railway from the quarry to the new wooden jetty. Trucks on the railway had side-tippers, so could just tip their loads into the barges. The chalk was then transported to Queenborough via seven barges, owned by Alfred and his brother James. The works produced 400 tons of cement a week.
In 1890, Joseph Wilders and Franic Joseph Carey were searching for a coastal site of their own cement works. An agreement was made with Alfred Castle to use the eastern side of the peninsula. The new works required some land reclamation, by constructing an extension to the existing causeway and extending the railway out to the works on the island. It was one of the smallest cement works on record. A wharf of timber and concrete was also built to enable barges to unload coke and clay. When the works were fully operational, Carey and Wilders employed a minimum of men who were on a shift system. It was a very bleak place to work, especially during the winter months. It gained the nickname "Horrid Hill" 
The cement works closed in 1910, but chalk was still quarried and supplied the cement works in Queenborough for many years. The last vessel to berth there was a barge, the "Dick Turpin", which subsequently ran aground in the estuary off Horrid Hill in 1913. Some of its cargo of Dundee marmalade jars can still be recovered in the River Medway.
Sharp's Green Bay.
Closer to the visitor centre is Sharp's Green Pond, a small freshwater pond inside the clay sea wall, which is used to promote a diversity of wildlife within the park. Sharp's Green Bay (left of Horrid Hill causeway) is a small tidal marsh bay where a few houseboats are moored. A small car park is on the bay, from a narrow access road from Lower Rainham Road.
Copperhouse Marshes are salt marshes, so named after the copperas works in nearby Gillingham. Copperas (or ferrous sulfate) was used as a dye for woollen cloth and for tanning, made by steeping iron pyrites in wooden vats for about six years and then boiling off the liquid. After evaporation the crystals of the dye were formed. There were Copperas factories in Queenborough in the 16th century and at Whitstable.
Eastcourt Meadows and country park creation.
In 1928, Rainham became part of Gillingham Borough. This former farmland was then used by the council to tip rubbish. This was stopped in the 1950s and is now left as a wild meadow land. In 1987, the expanded Riverside Country Park officially opened, (after the initial opening in the 1970s) followed by designation of the land north of the B2004 as a country park under the Countryside Act 1968.
In 1997, Medway Council began purchasing areas of land for inclusion in Riverside Country Park, including Eastcourt Wood, Marsh Field, Mariner’s Field, Bloors Wharf, Bloors Field, and Motney Field. Work was then started to remove buildings, scrap and pollution from Bloors Wharf for the new park.
Facilities.
This park is maintained by Medway Council. It has a visitor centre (with cafe, toilets and information point) in the main car park, along Lower Rainham Road.
The Saxon Shore Way (long distance path) leads along the coast through the park, between Upchurch and Gillingham.
National Cycle Route 1 leads along the Saxon Shore Way through the park as well.
The park offers good and accessible viewpoints to look out over the North Kent Marshes beside the River Medway.
The park also is acreddited with a Green Flag Award by Natural England.
Motney Hill (is now an RSPB reserve on a headland sticking out into the River Medway) 
Berengrave Local Nature Reserve covers an area of approximately 15 hectares (37 acres). Most of it covers the former site of the Cement Works of Rainham Docks. The estuary has special protection as part of the Medway Marshes Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), as defined by English Nature. and is internationally important for wintering birds that thrive on the invertebrate-rich mudflats, including many species of waders, ducks and geese. The salt marshes have a specialised ecology and act as high tide roost sites.
Eastcourt Meadows Country Park is mistakenly shown on page 119 of the AA Illustrated Guide to the Coast. Also Camer Park Country Park is shown but no text on either park.
Location.
From the A2 London Road in Rainham. Follow the B2004 Lower Rainham Road towards Gillingham.
The country park has two car parks, one with the visitor centre near Sharp's Green Bay and Horrid Hill. The other is near Motney Hill and Bloors Wharf.

</doc>
<doc id="20904317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904317" title="LaRouche movement">
LaRouche movement

The LaRouche movement is a political and cultural network promoting Lyndon LaRouche and his ideas. It has included many organizations and companies around the world, which campaign, gather information, and publish books and periodicals. The movement promotes a revival of classical art and a greater commitment to science; advocates the development of major economic infrastructure projects on a global scale; and calls for a reform of the world financial system to encourage investment in the physical economy and suppress financial speculation.
The movement originated in radical leftist student politics of the 1960s. It is often viewed now as an unclassifiable group. In the 1970s members allegedly engaged in street violence. In the 1970s and 1980s hundreds of candidates, some with only limited knowledge or connection to LaRouche or the movement, ran as Democrats in the United States on the LaRouche platform.
In 1988, LaRouche and 25 associates were convicted on fraud charges related to fund-raising. The movement called the prosecutions politically motivated.
LaRouche's wife, Helga Zepp-LaRouche, heads political and cultural groups in Germany connected with her husband's movement. There are also parties in France, Sweden, and other European countries, and branches or affiliates in Australia, Canada, the Philippines, and several Latin American countries. Estimates of the movement range from five hundred to one thousand members in the United States, spread across more than a dozen cities, and about the same number abroad. Members engage in political organizing, fund-raising, cultural events, research and writing, and internal meetings. The movement has had a number of notable members.
Political organizations.
LaRouche-affiliated political parties have nominated many hundreds of candidates for national and regional offices in the U.S., Canada, Sweden, Denmark, Germany, Australia and France, for almost thirty years. In countries outside the U.S., the LaRouche movement maintains its own minor parties, and they have had no significant electoral success to date. In the U.S., individuals associated with the movement have successfully sought Democratic Party office in some elections, particularly Democratic County Central Committee posts, and been nominated for state and federal office as Democrats, although the party leadership has periodically voiced its disapproval.
International.
The Schiller Institute and the International Caucus of Labor Committees (ICLC) are international organizations associated by some with the LaRouche Movement. Schiller Institute conferences have been held across the world. The ICLC is affiliated to political parties in France, Italy, Germany, Poland, Hungary, Russia, Denmark, Sweden, Mexico, the Philippines, and several South American countries. Lyndon LaRouche, who is based in Loudoun County, Virginia, United States, and his wife, Helga Zepp-LaRouche, based in Wiesbaden, Germany, regularly attend these international conferences and have met foreign politicians, bureaucrats, and academics.
United States.
Political activities.
LaRouche has run for U.S. president eight times, in every presidential election from 1976 to 2004. The first was with the U.S. Labor Party. In the next seven campaigns he ran for the Democratic Party nomination. He received federal matching funds in 2004. "See Lyndon LaRouche U.S. Presidential campaigns."
In 1986, LaRouche movement members Janice Hart and Mark J. Fairchild won the Democratic Primary elections for the offices of Illinois Secretary of State and Illinois Lieutenant Governor respectively. Until the day after the primary, major media outlets were reporting that George Sangmeister, Fairchild's primary opponent, was running unopposed. 21 years later Fairchild asked, “how is it possible that the major media, with all of their access to information, could possibly be mistaken in that way?” Democratic gubernatorial candidate Adlai Stevenson III was favored to win this election, having lost the previous election by a narrow margin. He refused to run on the same slate with Hart and Fairchild, forming the Solidarity Party and running with Jane Spirgel as the Secretary of State nominee. Hart and Spirgel's opponent, Republican incumbent Jim Edgar, won the election with 1.574 million votes.
After that primary Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan (D-NY) accused his own party of pursuing a policy of ignoring the "infiltration by the neo-Nazi elements of Lyndon H. LaRouche," and said that too often, especially in the media, "the LaRouchites" are "dismissed as kooks." "In an age of ideology, in an age of totalitarianism, it will not suffice for a political party to be indifferent to and ignorant about such a movement," said Moynihan. Moynihan had faced a primary challenge in 1982 from Mel Klenetsky, an associate of LaRouche.
In 1986 the LaRouche movement worked to place an AIDS initiative, Proposition 64, on the California ballot, which lost by a 4–1 margin. It was re-introduced in 1988 and lost again by the same margin.
Federal and state officials raided movement offices in 1986. In the ensuing trials, some leaders of the movement received prison terms for conspiracy to commit fraud, mail fraud, and tax evasion. See LaRouche criminal trials.
In 1988, Claude Jones won the chairmanship of the Harris County Democratic Party in Houston, and was stripped of his authority by the county executive committee before he could take office. He was removed from office by the state party chairman a few months later, in February 1989, because of Jones's alleged opposition to the Democratic presidential candidate, Michael Dukakis, in favor of LaRouche.
The LaRouche movement opposed the UN sanctions against Iraq in 1991 and the Gulf War in 1991. Supporters formed the "Committee to Save the Children in Iraq". LaRouche blamed the sanctions and war on "Israeli-controlled Moslem fundamentalist groups" and the "Ariel Sharon-dominated government of Israel" whose policies were "dictated by Kissinger and company, through the Hollinger Corporation, which has taken over The Jerusalem Post for that purpose." Left-wing anti-war groups were divided over the LaRouche movement's involvement.
In 2000, the Democratic Senatorial nominee in Wyoming, Mel Logan, was a LaRouche follower; the Republican incumbent, Craig Thomas, won in a 76%–23% landslide. In 2001, a "national citizen-candidates' movement" was created, advancing candidates for a number of elective offices across the country.
In 2006, LaRouche Youth Movement activist and Los Angeles County Democratic Central Committee member Cody Jones was honored as "Democrat of the Year" for the 43rd Assembly District of California, by the Los Angeles County Democratic Party. At the April 2007 California State Democratic Convention, LYM activist Quincy O'Neal was elected vice-chairman of the California State Democratic Black Caucus, and Wynneal Innocentes was elected corresponding secretary of the Filipino Caucus.
In November 2007, Mark Fairchild returned to Illinois to promote legislation authored by LaRouche, called the "Homeowners and Bank Protection Act of 2007", establishing a moratorium on home foreclosures and establishing a new federal agency to oversee all federal and state banks. He also promoted LaRouche's plan to build a high-speed railroad to connect Russia and the United States, including a tunnel under the Bering Strait.
In 2009, a volunteer table in Mattituck, NY had a picture of Obama with a "drawn-in Hitler moustache" and "a picture of Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi with Frankenstein-style bolts in her head." In Seattle in 2011 (?), an image of Obama with a "Hitler moustache" angered some. Police were called in regarding a LaRouche opponent telling a LaRouche volunteer "Look at me again and I’m going to punch your face." In another case, during the prior month, "the same officer was called to investigated an incident in which a man threatened to rip down several political signs displayed by LaRouche supporters." "Police investigated the incident as malicious harassment — the state’s hate-crime law." At one widely reported event, Congressman Barney Frank referred to the posters as "vile, contemptible nonsense."
In March 2010, LaRouche Youth leader Kesha Rogers won the Democratic congressional primary in Houston, Texas' 22nd District. The following day, a spokeswoman for the Texas Democratic Party stated that "La Rouche members are not Democrats. I guarantee her campaign will not receive a single dollar from anyone on our staff." In June 2012, Rogers won the Democratic congressional primary for a second time.
Controversy.
The LaRouche movement has been accused of violence, harassment, and heckling since the 1970s.
1960s and Operation Mop-Up.
In the 1960s and 1970s, LaRouche was accused of fomenting violence at anti-war rallies with a small band of followers. According to LaRouche's autobiography, it was in 1969 that violent altercations began between his members and New Left groups. He wrote that a faction of Students for a Democratic Society which later became the Weathermen began assaulting LaRouche's faction at Columbia University, and there were later attacks by the Communist Party, and the SWP. These conflicts culminated in "Operation Mop-Up", a series of physical attacks by LaRouche's National Caucus of Labor Committees (NCLC) on rival left-wing groups. LaRouche's "New Solidarity" reported NCLC confrontations with members of the Communist Party and Socialist Workers Party, including an April 23, 1973 incident at a debate featuring Labor Committee mayoral candidate Tony Chaitkin that erupted in a brawl, with chairs flying. Six people were treated for injuries at a local hospital.
In the mid-1973 the movement formed a "Revolutionary Youth Movement" to recruit and politicize members of street gangs in New York City and other eastern cities. The NCLC allegedly trained some members in terrorist and guerilla warfare. Topics included weapons handling, explosives and demolition, close order drills, small unit tactics, and military history.
The USLP vs. the FBI.
In November 1973, the FBI allegedly issued an internal memorandum, later released under the Freedom of Information Act. Jeffrey Steinberg, the NCLC "director of counterintelligence", described it as the "COINTELPRO memo", which he says showed "that the FBI was considering supporting an assassination attempt against LaRouche by the Communist Party USA." LaRouche wrote in 1998:
The FBI was allegedly concerned that the movement might try to take power by force. FBI Director Clarence Kelly testified in 1976 about the LaRouche movement:
Association with Roy Frankhouser and Mitch WerBell.
In the later 1970s, the U.S. Labor Party came into contact with Roy Frankhouser, a felon and government informant who had infiltrated a variety of groups. The LaRouche organization believed Frankhouser was a federal agent assigned to infiltrate right-wing and left-wing groups, and that he had evidence that these groups were being manipulated or controlled by the FBI and other agencies. Frankhouser introduced LaRouche to Mitchell WerBell III, a former Office of Strategic Services operative, paramilitary trainer, and arms dealer. Some members allegedly took a six-day "anti-terrorist" course a training camp operated by WerBell in Powder Springs, Georgia. In 1979, LaRouche denied that the training sessions took place. WerBell introduced LaRouche to covert operations specialist General John K. Singlaub, who later said that members of the movement implied in discussions with him that the military might help "lead the country out of its problems", a view which he rejected. WerBell also introduced LaRouche to Larry Cooper, a Powder Springs, Georgia police captain. Cooper, Frankhouser and an associate of Frankhouser named Forrest Lee Fick later made allegations about LaRouche. Cooper said in an NBC broadcast interview in 1984 that LaRouche had proposed the assassination of Jimmy Carter, Zbigniew Brzezinski, Joseph Luns, and David Rockefeller.
Labor unions.
In 1974 and 1975, the NCLC allegedly targeted the United Auto Workers (UAW), United Farm Workers (UFW), and other trade unionists. They dubbed their campaign "Operation Mop Up Woodcock", a reference to their anti-communist campaign of 1973 and to UAW president Leonard Woodcock. The movement staged demonstrations that allegedly turned violent. They issued pamphlets attacking the leadership as corrupt and perverted. The UAW said that members had received dozens of calls a day accusing their relatives of homosexuality, reportedly at the direction of NCLC "security staff". Leaflets called an Ohio local president a "Woodcocksucker". The leadership of the AFL-CIO was also attacked. During the same period, the LaRouche movement was closely associated with the Teamsters union which was in a jurisdictional dispute with the UFW.
1980 New Hampshire presidential primary.
LaRouche put substantial effort into his first Democratic Primary, held February 1980 in New Hampshire. Reporters, campaign workers, and party officials received calls from people impersonating reporters or ADL staff members, inquiring what "bad news" they had heard about LaRouche. LaRouche acknowledged that his campaign workers used impersonation to collect information on political opponents. Governor Hugh Gallen, State Attorney General Thomas Rath and other officials received harassing phone calls. Their names appeared on a photocopied "New Hampshire Target List" acquired by Associated Press, found in a LaRouche campaign worker's hotel room; the list stated, "these are the criminals to burn – we want calls coming in to these fellows day and night". LaRouche spokesman Ted Andromidas said, "We did choose to target those people for political pressure hopefully to prevent them from carrying out the kind of fraud that occurred in Tuesday's election." New Hampshire journalist Jon Prestage said he was threatened after a tense interview with LaRouche and his associates, and found several of his cats dead after he published an account of the meeting. A LaRouche associate denied responsibility for the dead cats.
Political opponents.
According to courtroom testimony by FBI agent Richard Egan, Jeffrey and Michelle Steinberg, the heads of LaRouche's security unit, boasted of placing harassing phone calls all through the night to the general counsel of the Federal Elections Commission (FEC) when the FEC was investigating LaRouche's political contributions.
During the grand jury hearings followers picketed the courthouse, chanted "Weld is a fag", distributed leaflets accusing Weld of involvement in drug dealing, and "sang a jingle advocating that he be hanged in public".
The Schiller Institute sent a team of ten people, headed by James Bevel, to Omaha, Nebraska, to pursue the Franklin child prostitution ring allegations in 1990. Among the charges investigated by the grand jury was that the Omaha Police Chief Robert Wadman and other men had sex with a 15-year-old girl at a party held by the bank's owner. The LaRouche groups insisted there was a cover-up. They distributed copies of the Schiller Institute's "New Federalist" newspaper and went door-to-door in Wadman's neighborhood, telling residents he was a child molester. When Wadman took a job with the police department in Aurora, Illinois, LaRouche followers went there to demand he be fired, and after he left there followed him to a third city to make accusations.
In the 1970s, Nelson Rockefeller was a central figure in the movement's theories. An FBI file described them as a "clandestinely oriented group of political schizophrenics who have a paranoid preoccupation with Nelson Rockefeller and the CIA." The movement strongly opposed Rockefeller's nomination for U.S. Vice President and heckled his appearances. Federal authorities were reportedly concerned that the situation might turn violent.
One target of LaRouche's attention has been Henry Kissinger. LaRouche allegedly has called Kissinger a "faggot", a "traitor", a British or Soviet agent and a "Nazi", and has linked him to the murder of Aldo Moro. His followers heckled and disrupted Kissinger's appearances. In 1982, a member of LaRouche's Fusion Energy Foundation, Ellen Kaplan, asked Kissinger at an airport terminal if it were true that he slept with young boys; Kissinger and his wife, Nancy, were on their way to a heart operation. In response, Nancy Kissinger grabbed the woman by the throat. Kaplan pressed charges and the case went to trial. In 1986 Janice Hart held a press conference to say that Kissinger was part of the international "drug mafia". Asked whether Jews were behind drug trafficking Hart replied, "That's totally nonsense. I don't consider Henry Kissinger a Jew. I consider Henry Kissinger a homosexual."
A LaRouche organization sold posters of Illinois politician Jane Byrne described by Mike Royko as "border(ing) on the pronographic." In 1986, two LaRouche candidates, Janice Hart and Mark Fairchild, won in the Democratic primaries for two statewide positions in Illinois, Secretary of State and Lieutenant Governor. Campaign appearances by Democratic gubernatorial candidate Adlai Stevenson III, who refused to share the ticket with them and shifted instead to the "Solidarity Party" formed for the purpose, were interrupted by a trio of singers that included Fairchild and Chicago Mayoral candidate Sheila Jones. Illinois Attorney General Neil Hartigan's home was visited late at night by a group of LaRouche followers who chanted, sang, and used a bullhorn "to exorcise the demons out of Neil Hartigan's soul". Before the primaries a group of LaRouche supporters reportedly stormed the campaign offices of Hart's opponent and demanded that a worker "take an AIDS test".
In 1984 a reporter for a LaRouche publication buttonholed President Ronald Reagan as he was leaving a White House press conference, demanding to know why LaRouche was not receiving Secret Service protection. As a result, future press conferences in the East Room were arranged with the door behind the president so he can leave without passing through the reporters. In 1992, a follower shook hands with President George H.W. Bush at a campaign visit to a shopping center. The follower would not let go, demanding to know, "When are you going to let LaRouche out of jail?" The Secret Service had to intervene.
During the 1988 presidential campaign, LaRouche activists spread a rumor that the Democratic candidate, Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis, had received professional treatment for two episodes of mental depression. Media sources did not report the rumor initially to avoid validating it. However at a press conference a reporter for a LaRouche publication, Nicholas Benton, asked President Reagan whether Dukakis should release his medical records. Reagan replied "Look, I'm not going to pick on an invalid." Within an hour after the press conference Reagan apologized for the joke. The question received wide publicity, and was later analyzed as an example of how journalists should handle rumors. Republican candidate Vice President George H.W. Bush's aides got involved in sustaining the story, and Dukakis was obliged to deny having had depression. To avoid the negative backlash on his own campaign, Bush made a statement urging Congress to pass the Americans with Disabilities Act, which he signed upon gaining office and which became one of his proudest legacies.
At a 2003 Democratic primary debate repeatedly interrupted by hecklers, Joe Lieberman quoted John McCain, "no one's been elected since 1972 that Lyndon LaRouche and his people have not protested". The first reported incidence of heckling by LaRouche followers was at the Watergate hearings in 1973. Since then, LaRouche followers have repeatedly disrupted speaking events and debates featuring a large variety of speakers.
Conflict with journalists.
In the 1980s, journalists including Joe Klein and Chuck Fager from Boston's alternative weekly, "The Real Paper", and "Chicago Tribune" columnist Mike Royko alleged harassment and intimidation by LaRouche groups. After Royko wrote about a LaRouche organization, Royko said that leaflets appeared, alleging he had had a sex-change operation. He also said his assistant found a note with a bullseye and a threat to kill her cat on her door; Also according to Royko, LaRouche supporters picketed the newspaper offices, calling Royko a "degenerate drug pusher" and demanding he take an AIDS test. LaRouche supporters denied such charges, saying they were part of a campaign against them by the "drug lobby."
In 1984, Patricia Lynch co-produced an NBC news piece and a TV documentary on LaRouche. She was then impersonated by LaRouche followers who interfered with her reporting. LaRouche sued Lynch and NBC for libel, and NBC countersued. During the trial followers picketed the NBC's offices with signs that said "Lynch Pat Lynch", and the NBC switchboard received a death threat. A LaRouche spokesman said they had no knowledge of the death threat. An editor of the "Centre Daily Times" in State College, Pennsylvania reported that a LaRouche TV crew led by Stanley Ezrol talked their way into his house in 1985 implying they were with NBC, then accused him of harassing LaRouche and producing unduly negative coverage. At the end of the interview, Ezrol allegedly asked, "Have you ever feared for your personal safety?", which the editor found to be "chilling". Another LaRouche group, including Janice Hart, forced their way into the office of "The Des Moines Register"'s editor in 1987, haranguing him over his papers's coverage of LaRouche and demanding that certain editorials be retracted.
Dennis King began covering LaRouche in the 1970s, publishing a twelve-part series in a weekly Manhattan newspaper, "Our Town", and later writing or cowriting articles about LaRouche in "New Republic", "High Times", "Columbia Journalism Review", and other periodicals, culminating in a full-length biography published in 1989. King alleges numerous instances of anonymous harassment and threats. Leaflets appeared from the NCLC accusing King, a newspaper publisher, and Roy Cohn, the newspaper's lawyer, of being criminals, homosexuals, or drug pushers. One leaflet included King's home address and phone number. In 1984 a LaRouche newspaper, "New Solidarity", published an article titled "Will Dennis King Come out of the Closet?", copies of which were distributed in his apartment building. Jeffrey Steinberg denied the movement had harassed King. LaRouche said that King had been "monitored" since 1979, "We have watched this little scoundrel because he is a major security threat to my life."
Public altercations.
From the 1970s to the 2000s, LaRouche followers have staffed tables in airports and other public areas. The tables have carried posters with topical slogans. LaRouche followers have been alleged to use a confrontational style of interaction. In 1986, the New York state elections board received dozens of complaints about people collecting signatures on nomination petitions, including allegations of misrepresentation and abusive language used towards those who would not sign.
In the mid-80s, the Secretary of State of California, March Fong Eu, received complaints from the public about harassment by people gathering signatures to qualify the "LaRouche AIDS Initiative" for the state ballot. She warned initiative sponsors that permission to circulate the petitions could be revoked unless the "offensive activities" stopped. An altercation in 1987 between a LaRouche activist and an AIDS worker resulted in battery charges filed against the latter, who was outraged by the content of some of the material on display; she was found not guilty.
In California in 2009, several grocery chains sought restraining orders, damages and injunctions against LaRouche PAC activists displaying materials related to Obama's health care plan in front of their stores, citing customer complaints. In Edmonds, Washington, a 70-year-old man from Armenia grew irate at what he viewed as comparisons of Obama to Hitler. He grabbed fliers and tussled with LaRouche supporters, resulting in assault charges against him.
Canada.
The North American Labour Party (NALP) nominated candidates in federal elections in the 1970s. Its candidates only had 297 votes nationwide in 1979. LaRouche himself offered a draft constitution for the commonwealth of Canada in 1981. The NALP later became the Party for the Commonwealth of Canada and that ran candidates in the 1984, 1988 and 1993 elections. Those were more successful, gaining as many as 7,502 votes in 1993, but no seats. The Parti pour la république du Canada (Québec) nominated candidates for provincial elections in the 1980s under various party titles. The LaRouche affiliate now operates as the "Committee for the Republic of Canada."
Latin America.
Brazil's Party for Rebuilding of National Order (Prona) was described as a "LaRouche friend" and one of its members has been quoted in the "Executive Intelligence Review" as saying "We associate ourselves with the wave of ideas which flow from Mr. LaRouche's prodigious mind". PRONA gained six seats in the Chamber of Deputies in 2002. After gaining two seat in the 2006 election, the party merged with the larger Liberal Party forming the Republic Party. However, there is no independent evidence that the Prona or its leaders recognized LaRouche as an influence on their policies, and it has been described as being part of the right-wing Catholic integralist political tradition.
The Ibero-American Solidarity Movement (MSIA) has been described as an offshoot of LaRouche's Labor Party in Mexico. During peace talks to resolve the Chiapas conflict, the Mexican Labor Party and the Ibero-American Solidarity Movement (MSIA) attacked the peace process and one of the leading negotiators, Bishop Samuel Ruiz Garcia, whom it accused of fomenting the violence and of being controlled by foreigners. Posters caricaturing Ruiz as a rattlesnake appeared across the country.
The movement strongly opposes perceived manifestations of neo-colonialism, including the International Monetary Fund, the Falklands/Malvinas War, etc., and are advocates of the Monroe Doctrine.
Australia.
LaRouche supporters gained control of the formerly far-right Citizens Electoral Council (CEC) in the mid-1990s. The CEC publishes an irregular newspaper, "The New Citizen". Craig Isherwood and his spouse Noelene Isherwood are the leaders of the party. The CEC has opposed politician Michael Danby and the 2004 Australian anti-terrorism legislation. For the 2004 federal election, it nominated people for ninety-five seats, collected millions of dollars in contributions, and earned 34,177 votes.
The CEC is concerned with Hamiltonian economics and development ideas for Australia. It has been critical of Queen Elizabeth II's ownership of an Australian zinc mine and believes that she exerts control over Australian politics through the use of prerogative power. It has been in an antagonistic relationship with the B'nai B'rith's Anti-Defamation Commission, which has been critical of the CEC for perceived anti-semitism. It has asserted that the Liberal Party is a descendant of the New Guard and other purported fascists such as Sir Wilfrid Kent Hughes and Sir Robert Menzies. The CEC also says it is fighting for "real" Labor policies (from the 1930-40s republican leanings of the Australian Labor Party).
Europe.
The LaRouche Movement has a major center in Germany. The Bürgerrechtsbewegung Solidarität (BüSo) (Civil Rights Movement Solidarity) political party is headed by Helga Zepp-LaRouche, LaRouche's wife. It has nominated candidates for elective office and publishes the "Neue Solidarität" newspaper. Zepp-LaRouche is also the head of the German-based Schiller Institute. In 1986 Zepp-LaRouche formed the "Patriots for Germany" party, and says it ran a full slate of 100 candidates. The party received 0.2 percent of the 4 million votes. In Germany, the leader of the Green Party, Petra Kelly, reported receiving harassing phone calls that she attributed to BüSo supporters. Her speeches were picketed and disrupted by LaRouche followers for years.
Jeremiah Duggan, a student from the UK attending a conference organized by the Schiller Institute and LaRouche Youth Movement in 2003, died in Wiesbaden, Germany, after he ran down a busy road and was hit by several cars. The German police said it appeared to be suicide. A British court ruled that Duggan had died while "in a state of terror." Duggan's mother believes he died in connection with an attempt to recruit him. The German public prosecution service said her son committed suicide. The High Court in London ordered a second inquest in May 2010, which was opened and adjourned.
Solidarité et Progrès, headed by Jacques Cheminade, is the LaRouche party in France. Its newspaper is "Nouvelle Solidarité". The French LaRouche Youth Movement is headed by Élodie Viennot. Viennot supported the candidacy of Daniel Buchmann for the position of mayor of Berlin.
Sweden has an office of the Schiller Institute: Schillerinstitutet/EAP in Sweden, and the political party European Worker's Party (EAP). The former leader of the EAP, Ulf Sandmark, started as a member of the Swedish Social Democratic Youth League (SSU), and was assigned to investigate the EAP and the ELC. After joining the EAP, he had his membership in SSU revoked. Following the Olof Palme assassination on February 28, 1986, the Swedish branch of the EAP came under scrutiny as literature published by the party was found in the apartment of the initial suspect, Victor Gunnarsson. Soon after the assassination, NBC television in the U.S. speculated that LaRouche was somehow responsible. Later, the suspect was released. No connection with LaRouche was shown.
In Denmark, four candidates for parliament on the LaRouche platform (Tom Gillesberg, Feride Istogu Gillesberg, Hans Schultz and Janus Kramer Møller) won 197 votes in the 2007 election (at least 32,000 votes are needed for a local mandate). The Danish LaRouche Movement (Schiller Instituttet) have recently published their first newspaper, distributing 50,000 around Copenhagen and Aarhus.
The Movimento Solidarietà – Associazione di LaRouche in Italia (MSA) is an Italian political party headed by Paolo Raimondi that supports the LaRouche platform.
Ortrun Cramer of the Schiller Institute became a delegate of the Austrian International Progress Organization in the 1990s, but there is no sign of ongoing relationship.
Polish newspapers have reported that Andrzej Lepper, leader of the populist Samoobrona party, was trained at the Schiller Institute and has received funding from LaRouche, though both Lepper and LaRouche deny the connection.
In February 2008, the LaRouche movement in Europe began a campaign to prevent the ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon, which, according to the U.S.-based LaRouche Political Action Committee, "empowers a supranational financial elite to take over the right of taxation and war making, and even restore the death penalty, abolished in most nations of Western Europe." LaRouche press releases suggest that the treaty has an underlying fascist agenda, based on the ideas of Sir Oswald Mosley.
Asia, Middle East, and Africa.
The Philippines LaRouche Society calls for fixed exchange rates, US/Philippine withdrawal from Iraq, denunciation of former US Vice President Dick Cheney, and withdrawal of U.S. military advisors from Mindanao. In 2008 it also issued calls for the freezing of foreign debt payments, the operation of the Bataan Nuclear Power Plant, and the immediate implementation of a national food production program. It has an office in Manila, operates a radio show and says on its website, "Lyndon LaRouche is our civilization's last chance at world peace and development. May God help us." On the matter of internal politics, LaRouche operative Mike Billington wrote in 2004, "The Philippines Catholic Church, too, is divided at the top over the crisis. The Church under Jaime Cardinal Sin, who is now retired, had given its full support to the 'people's power' charade for the overthrow of Marcos and Estrada, but other voices are heard today." Later that year, he wrote that
The U.S.-orchestrated coup which overthrew the government of Philippines' President Ferdinand Marcos in 1986 was a classic case study of what John Perkins describes in his recent book, "Confessions of an Economic Hit Man", as the post-World War II preferred method of imposing colonial control under another name. In the Philippines case, George Shultz performed the roles of both the economic hit man, destroying and taking full control of the Philippine economy, and the coup-master, deposing the Philippine President in favor of an IMF puppet—while calling the operation 'people power.'
According to Billington, representatives of LaRouche's Executive Intelligence Review and Schiller Institute had met with Marcos in 1985, at which time LaRouche was warning that Marcos would be the target of a coup, inspired by George Shultz and neoconservatives in the Reagan administration, because of Marcos' opposition to the policies of the International Monetary Fund. In 1986, LaRouche asserted that Marcos was ousted because he hadn't listened to LaRouche's advice: "he was opposed to me and he fell as a result."
The LaRouche movement is reported to have had close ties to the Ba'ath Party of Iraq. In 1997, the LaRouche movement, and the Schiller Institute in particular, were reported to have campaigned aggressively in support of the National Islamic Front government in Sudan. They organized trips to Sudan for state legislators, which according to the "Christian Science Monitor" was part of a campaign directed at African Americans.
Periodicals and news agencies.
The LaRouche organization has an extensive network of print and online publications for research and advocacy purposes.
Executive Intelligence Review.
The LaRouche movement maintains its own press service, "Executive Intelligence Review". According to its masthead, "EIR" maintains international bureaus in Bogotá, Berlin, Copenhagen, Lima, Melbourne, Mexico City, New Delhi, Paris, and Wiesbaden, in addition to various cities in the U.S.
Broadcast.
In 1986, the LaRouche movement bought WTRI, a low-powered AM radio station that covered western Maryland, northern Virginia, and parts of West Virginia. It was sold in 1991.
In 1991, the LaRouche movement began producing "The LaRouche Connection", a Public-access television cable TV program. Within ten months it was being carried in six states. Dana Scanlon, the producer, said that "We've done shows on the JFK assassination, the 'October Surprise' and shows on economic and cultural affairs".
Internet.
In January 2001, LaRouche began holding regular webcasts every 1–2 months. These were public meetings, broadcast in video, where LaRouche gave a speech, followed by 1–2 hours of Q and A over the internet.
Lawsuits.
In 1979, the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) was sued by the U.S. Labor Party, the National Caucus of Labor Committees, and several individuals including Konstandinos Kalimtgis, Jeffrey Steinberg, and David Goldman, who claimed libel, slander, invasion of privacy, and assault on account of the ADL's accusations of anti-Semitism. A New York State Supreme Court judge ruled that it was "fair comment" to describe them as anti-Semites.
"United States v. Kokinda" was heard by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1990. The case concerned the First Amendment rights of LaRouche movement members on Post Office property. The Deputy Solicitor General arguing the government's case was future Supreme Court Chief Justice John G. Roberts. The Court confirmed the convictions of Marsha Kokinda and Kevin Pearl, volunteers for the National Democratic Policy Committee, finding that the Postal Service's regulation of solicitors was reasonable.
Characterizations.
According to a biography produced by the LaRouche-affiliated Schiller Institute, the movement is based on a commitment to "a just new world economic order," specifically "the urgency of affording what have been sometimes termed 'Third World nations,' their full rights to perfect national sovereignty, and to access to the improvement of their educational systems and economies through employment of the most advanced science and technology."
The LaRouche movement has attracted devoted followers and developed some specific and elaborate policy initiatives, but has also been referred to variously as Marxist, fascist, anti-Semitic, a political cult, a personality cult, and a criminal enterprise. In 1984, LaRouche's research staff was described by Norman Bailey, a former senior staffer of the United States National Security Council, as "one of the best private intelligence services in the world". The Heritage Foundation calls it "one of the strangest political groups in American history", and "The Washington Monthly" calls it a "vast and bizarre vanity press".
The LaRouche movement is seen as a fringe political cult.
Journalist and John Birch Society activist John Rees wrote in his "Information Digest" that the movement has "taken on the characteristics more of a political cult than a political party", and that LaRouche is given "blind obedience" by his followers. He has also called the movement a "cult of personality". In rebuttal, LaRouche called the accusations of being a cult figure "garbage", and denied having control over any of the groups affiliated with him.
According to longtime critics Chip Berlet and Matthew N. Lyons:
In the summer of 2009, LaRouche followers came under criticism from both Democrats and Republicans for comparing President Barack Obama to Hitler. Media figures as politically diverse as Rush Limbaugh and Jon Stewart criticized the comparison.
People.
Members.
According to the "Washington Post", LaRouche has told his followers that they are "golden souls", a term from "The Republic" of Plato. In his 1979 autobiography he contrasted the "golden souls" to "the poor donkeys, the poor sheep, whose consciousness is dominated by the infantile world-outlook of individual sensuous life". According to Dennis King, LaRouche believed that cadres "must be intellectually of a superior breed—a philosophical elite as well as a political vanguard". In 1986, LaRouche said during an interview, "What I represent is a growing movement. The movement is becoming stronger all the time..."
During the criminal trials of the late 1980s, LaRouche called upon his followers to be martyrs, saying that their "honorable deeds shall be legendary in the tales told to future generations". Senior members refused plea agreements that involved guilty pleas as those would have been black marks on the movement.
Former members report that life within the LaRouche movement is highly regulated. A former member of the security staff wrote in 1979 that members could be expelled for masturbating or using marijuana. Members who failed to achieve their fundraising quotas or otherwise showed signs as disloyal behavior were subjected to "ego stripping" sessions. Members, even spouses, were encouraged to inform on each other, according to an ex-member. Although LaRouche was officially opposed to abortion, a former member testified that women were encouraged to have abortions because "you can't have children during a revolution." Another source said some group leaders coerced members into having abortions.
Former members have reported receiving harassing calls or indirect death threats. They say they have been called traitors. "New Solidarity" ran obituaries for three living former members. Internal memos have reportedly contained a variety of dismissive terms for ex-followers. One former member said that becoming a follower of LaRouche is "like entering the Bizarro World of the Superman comic books" which makes sense so long as one remains inside the movement.
In 1992, the father of Lewis du Pont Smith, an adult member of the Du Pont family who had joined the LaRouche movement, was indicted along with four associates for planning to have his son and daughter-in-law abducted and "deprogrammed". The incident resulted in serious legal repercussions but no criminal convictions for those indicted, including private investigator Galen Kelly. The father also successfully had his son declared "incompetent" to manage his financial affairs in order to block him from possibly turning over his inheritance to the LaRouche organization.
Kenneth Kronberg, who had been a leading member of the movement, committed suicide in 2007, reportedly because of financial issues concerning the movement. His widow, Marielle (Molly) Kronberg, had also been a longtime member. She gave an interview to Chip Berlet in 2007 in which she made critical comments about the LaRouche movement. She was quoted as saying, "I'm worried that the organization may be in danger of becoming a killing machine." In 2004 and 2005, Kronberg made contributions of $1,501 to the Republican National Committee and the election campaign of George W. Bush, despite the LaRouche movement's opposition to the Bush administration. According to journalist Avi Klein, LaRouche felt that this "foreshadowed her treachery to the movement." Kronberg had been a member of the movement's governing National Committee since 1982 and was convicted of fraud during the LaRouche criminal trials.

</doc>
<doc id="20904321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904321" title="Joseph Bernard (actor)">
Joseph Bernard (actor)

Joseph Bernard (December 12, 1923 – April 3, 2006) was an American actor and acting teacher who appeared in 25 Broadway plays and several movies and TV appearances in the 1950s through 1970s.
Bernard was born in Brooklyn, N.Y., and studied at New York's New School for Social Research with noted acting teacher Stella Adler. One of his New School classmates was Marlon Brando.
Bernard was drafted into the U.S. Army and served in the D-Day invasion of France. After the war, appeared in the play "Winter Soldiers" and then "Skipper Next to God", directed by Lee Strasberg and starring John Garfield, with whom he became friends. Garfield was Bernard's best man at his marriage to his wife, Bina, whom he wed in 1952. Bina died in 2001.
Bernard appeared in "Murder Inc.", the 1961 Stanley Kramer film "Judgment at Nuremberg", in which he played an assistant to the American prosecutor, played by Richard Widmark, and a number of other films that included "Ice Station Zebra". His television roles included appearances on "Star Trek", "The Twilight Zone", (in the 1961 episode "The Shelter)" and "".
In 1968, executive director and teacher at the Lee Strasberg Theater Institute in Hollywood. He moved to Las Vegas in 1979 and established the Joseph Bernard Acting Studio.

</doc>
<doc id="20904322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904322" title="Do Musafir">
Do Musafir

Do Musafir is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Devendra Goel. The film stars Shashi Kapoor and Rekha .

</doc>
<doc id="20904324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904324" title="Ek Baap Chhe Bete">
Ek Baap Chhe Bete

Ek Baap Chhe Bete is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Mehmood. The film stars Yogeeta Bali.
Family Members in the movie.
Mehmood and all his six sons acted together in this movie along with his American wife Tracy Ali
Masood Ali aka Pucky Ali (Son of Mehmood and Madhu) 
The eldest born played a role in this movie & also Hamare Tumhare which was also the debut movie for Anil Kapoor.
Maqsood Mehmood Ali aka Lucky Ali (Son of Mehmood and Madhu) 
He started his movie career as adult in Yehi Hai Zindagi. Today he has ventured out to be a famous singer songwriter, composer.
Maqdoom Ali aka Macky Ali (Son of Mehmood and Madhu) 
He played the role of a disabled child in Mehmood's 1974 movie 'Kunwara Baap' as he was in real life affected by polio. He too acted in the movie Ek Baap Chhe Bete. He later made a music album enacted by Macky himself in the music video Yaaron sab dua karo and later in Tirchi topiwale, sung by Altaf Raja.
Masoom Ali (Son of Mehmood and Madhu)
Produced the movie Dushman Duniya Ka. He too had acted in this movie.
Mansoor Ali (Son of Mehmood and Tracy Ali) 
He had acted in this movie.
Manzoor Ali (Son of Mehmood and Tracy Ali) 
Debuted played the lead role of drug addicted youth in the movie Dushman Duniya Ka. He too had earlier acted in this movie.
Tracy Ali (Wife of Mehmood) 
Had played the role of the American wife in this movie.

</doc>
<doc id="20904330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904330" title="Ganga Sagar">
Ganga Sagar

Ganga Sagar is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Ashish Kumar. The film stars Trilok Kapoor, Bela Bose, Bharat Bhushan, and Lalita Pawar.

</doc>
<doc id="20904332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904332" title="Hamara Sansar">
Hamara Sansar

Hamara Sansar is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by T. Prakesh Rao. The film stars Mithun Chakraborty and Shashikala.

</doc>
<doc id="20904334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904334" title="Heeralaal Pannalaal (1978 film)">
Heeralaal Pannalaal (1978 film)

Heeralal Pannalal is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Ashok Roy. The film is a Bollywood action comedy released in 1978. The movie starred Shashi Kapoor, Randhir Kapoor, Zeenat Aman and Neetu Singh in lead roles while Prem Nath, Ajit, Madan Puri, Amjad Khan, Asrani, Kamini Kaushal, Tun tun, and Ranjeet also played significant characters in the film.
Plot.
The movie starts with two innocent and kind hearted guys named Heeralal (Shashi Kapoor) and Pannalal (Randhir Kapoor). They are famous among criminals as they have helped police in capturing them several times. Heeralal is in search of his parent’s killer but has no idea of him at all. Pannalal is in search of his father. Heeralal meets with a girl named Ruby (Zeenat Aman ) and falls in love with her. Pannalal falls in love with Ruby’s friend, Neelam (Neetu Singh).
Kalicharan (Ajit), who is a renowned criminal has decided to teach a lesson to Heeralal and Pannalal for interfering in their business. But instead Kalicharan is forced to run from the police. Police commissioner, Premlal (Prem Nath) is very happy with the guys and wants to protect them from Kalicharan and his friend, Panther’s ( Amjad Khan ) anger.

</doc>
<doc id="20904347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904347" title="Kaala Aadmi">
Kaala Aadmi

Kaala Aadmi is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Ramesh Lakhanpal. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904350" title="Welsh history in Chicago">
Welsh history in Chicago

Over the years Chicago has been called home by many immigrant groups and cultures, the Welsh included.
The Welsh in the early history of Chicago.
Thomas Jefferson Vance Owen, whose grandparents were from Wales, is considered “The True Founder of Chicago”. He became the first president of the town of Chicago in 1833, and is responsible for sub-dividing the city into sections and towns. In fact, in early Chicago history, some of the city's mayors were of close Welsh heritage, including:
Streets in Chicago that owe their heritage to Wales.
Chicago has a few street names which owe their heritage to Wales. They include: Berwyn Avenue, Ardmore Avenue and Bryn Mawr Avenue.
Towns and cities in Illinois named after towns in Wales.
Some Illinois towns are named directly after towns in Wales, for their Welsh founders or prominent Welsh Americans, including: Berwyn, Cambria, Cardiff, Edwardsville, Evanston, St. David & Swansea.
The Chicago Eisteddfod of 1893.
Aiming to match the grand scale of the World's Fair, the Welsh mounted an International Eisteddfod, a competitive literary and music festival, on the Fair grounds. Choral performances reportedly drew crowds of 6,000 to the Festival Hall.
Famous Welsh-American Chicagoans.
Chicagoans of Welsh descent have made their presence known in many arenas of entertainment and public service. To name a few: Secretary of State Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, comedian and actor Robin Williams, Chicago news reporter and host of 190 North Janet Davies, actress Denise Richards and architect Frank Lloyd Wright.
Chicago’s most infamous son of Wales is probably Murray the Hump, Al Capone’s chief lieutenant. Once America’s Public Enemy Number One, he was born in Chicago to Welsh parents from Llanidloes, Mid-Wales.
Present Welsh ties.
Expatriated Welshmen continue to contribute to Chicago’s culture. Chicago is also home to three vibrant Welsh societies: The Chicago Tafia Welsh Society, The Welsh Women’s Club of Illinois and The Cambrian Benevolent Society of Chicago, catering to every facet of Welsh culture past and present. Welsh musicians often visit Chicago to perform; most recently: The Manic Street Preachers, The Joy Formidable, Marina and the Diamonds, Duffy, The Stereophonics, Jem, Cerys Matthews, Jon Langford, Bryn Terfel, Tom Jones, People in Planes, Future of the Left, Katherine Jenkins, Super Furry Animals, Funeral for a Friend, Goldie Lookin Chain, Here Be Dragons, David Llewellyn, Julian Jones & The Brit Bus Tour, numerous Welsh male voice choirs and authors Niall Griffiths, Fflur Dafydd, Aeronwy Thomas & Janet Quin-Harkin aka "Rhys Bowen".
In 2007 the Illinois General Assembly signing into law Bill HR0149 that proclaimed March 1, 2007, and each year thereafter, as St. David's Day in the State of Illinois and recognizing the Welsh contribution to the state.
In 2008 Chicago was chosen as the host city for the North American Festival of Wales, the largest Welsh festival in North America.
On Saturday June 6, 2009 the United States national rugby union team played Wales in an international friendly at Toyota Park in Bridgeview, Illinois.
Since 2009, Chicago's iconic Wrigley Building has been illuminated on March 1 in the Welsh national colours (white, red & green) to honour St. David's Day.
On Sunday June 6, 2010 the cult independent Welsh film 'A Bit of Tom Jones?' received its North American premiere in Chicago.
St. David's Episcopal Church in suburban Aurora contains a cornerstone of gray Cambrian limestone, shipped from Saint David’s Cathedral in Wales, which was laid and sealed on the eve of Saint David’s Day, February 28, 1959. A box inside the cornerstone holds, among other items, a note from the stonedresser in Pembrokeshire, Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="20904353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904353" title="Karmayogi (1978 film)">
Karmayogi (1978 film)

Karmayogi is a 1978 Bollywood action film directed by Ram Maheshwari.

</doc>
<doc id="20904358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904358" title="Khoon Ka Badla Khoon">
Khoon Ka Badla Khoon

Khoon Ka Badla Khoon is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Kalpataru. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904360" title="Khoon Ki Pukaar">
Khoon Ki Pukaar

Khoon Ki Pukaar is a 1978 Bollywood action film drama directed by Ramesh Ahuja. The film stars Vinod Khanna.
Storyline
After the murder of his wife, and his son's kidnapping, Dr. Vidya Bhushan decides to devote the rest of his life as a Poojary, living on the premises of a princely-donated temple, hoping and praying that one day he will be reunited with his estranged son. One day a wounded bandit named Sher Singh comes to him for protection, and he not only shields the man from the police, but also tends to his wounds, and lies to the townspeople that the man's name is Amrit, When Amrit recovers, he is grateful to Vidya for looking after him, and he falls in love with a town belle by the name of Shalu. What Vidya does not know that is that Amrit is really interested in the gold and jewellery hidden in a secret underground chamber below the temple; and what Amrit does not know is Shalu is seeking vengeance against Sher Singh for killing her father

</doc>
<doc id="20904363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904363" title="Lal Kothi">
Lal Kothi

Lalkuthi is a 1978 Bollywood thriller film directed by Kanak Mukherjee. 
The Original Music was by Sapan Jagmohan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904368" title="Madhu Malti">
Madhu Malti

Madhu Malti is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Basu Bhattacharya. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904369" title="Mera Rakshak">
Mera Rakshak

Mera Rakshak is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by R. Thyagaraajan. Mithun Chakraborty, Rameshwari, Rakesh Pandey and Gayatri play key roles in this film along with a 'Goat' who acts as the 'Rakshak' (body guard)in the film. It was made by C.Dandhayutpani who initially gave "Hathi Mere Sathi" Rajesh Khanna, Tanuja,followed by "Janwar Aur Insaan" Shashi Kapoor-Rakhi, "Do Aur Do Paanch" Shashi Kapoor-Amitabh-Hema Malini and Parveen Babi and "Shubh Din" a new comer Rajesh Lahar.

</doc>
<doc id="20904377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904377" title="Muqaddar">
Muqaddar

Muqaddar is a 1996 Indian Hindi film. Produced by Rajiv Babbar and directed by T L V Prasad, it stars Mithun Chakraborty, Puneet Issar and Kiran Kumar in lead roles and Moushumi Chatterjee, Simran, Ayesha Jhulka and Hemant Birje in supporting roles. 
Plot.
Shiva (Mithun Chakraborty) always believed in making his own destiny. So when he fell in love with Meena (Ayesha Jhulka) daughter of his arch rival and enemy Parashuram (Puneet Issar), he knew he was inviting trouble. But Shiva got married to her. Parshuram could not bear with humilaition and decides to destroy Shiva. The city tremored when these two brave lions of underworld clashed. The gangwar between the rival gang of Parshuram Shiva rocked the city. Additional Commissioner of Police S.K.Khurana (Kiran Kumar) is appointed to bring the city back to normal. Shiva decides to eliminate the ACP. Shiva plants a bomb. Just when he is going to activate the bomb, he sees S.K.Khurana accompanied with his wife Bharati (Moushumi Chatterjee) and his daughter Pooja (Simran). Shiva does not activate the bomb, despite his hatred for his mother Bharati, Shiva is unable to kill her. Bharati goes to know about shiva. She goes to meet him. Shiva humilaitates Bharati. He cannot pardon Bharati for having abandoned him for his happiness. Although Shiva was alive she had accepted him for to be dead. No one knows what has destiny in store for each one of them. Pooja conceives a child. S.K.Khurana is against Pooja getting married to a criminal's son. Bharati once again comes to Shiva for help. But,Will Shiva pardon his mother? Will he help her?Will Parashuram be able to settle the score? Shiva had never accepted his destiny's decision, is he able to change it this time? forms the rest of the story.
Reception.
Most of Mithun's 1996 release were Success as they followed the Low budget formula. Muqaddar was a satisfying success at the Box-office helping producers and distributors.

</doc>
<doc id="20904382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904382" title="Nalayak">
Nalayak

Nalayak is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Padmanabh. The film stars .

</doc>
<doc id="20904386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904386" title="Nasbandi">
Nasbandi

Nasbandi is a 1978 Bollywood comedy film directed by I. S. Johar. It is a satire on the sterilization drive of the government of India: each of the characters is trying to find sterilization cases.
The film was banned after its released due to its portrayal of the Indira Gandhi government. Later, however, the film achieved cult popularity via home video and satellite broadcast (the ban was lifted after the change of regime).
Cast.
The cast included:
Soundtracks.
Humein To Maar Diya Kasti Topi Walon Ne

</doc>
<doc id="20904391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904391" title="Naukri">
Naukri

Naukri is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee.
This Hrishikesh Mukherjee’s not so famous movie but critically acclaimed classic “Naukri” (1978) featuring Rajesh Khanna and Raj Kapoor together is set in the period 1944-1947. The basic idea of this film is based on the 1955 Tamil Film "Mudhal Thedi" starring Sivaji Ganeshan and Anjali Devi but story and treatment is completely different and the other inspiration for this films was It's a Wonderful Life produced and directed by Frank Capra. The story features a person getting help of an angel after his death. The God Sent person makes the hero realize that when he was alive he was so important and loved by all around him but he couldn’t recognize it. Rajesh Khanna plays the man who meets the angel Raj Kapoor, after he commits suicide. The film was not well publicized before its release and being released at a time when multi-star films ruled the roost, this classic was a box office failure. But over the years it has been appreciated by the audience. In the Bollywood Guide Collections, critics gave the film 4 stars of 5.
The idea of an angel helping a dead person in realising his significance on earth, was also adopted in 2005 film "Vaah! Life Ho Toh Aisi!", wherein Shahid Kapoor and Sanjay Dutt play respective roles of Rajesh Khanna and Raj Kapoor, with Dutt playing modern Yamraj.
Plot.
The film opens up with a distraught tensed up Ranjit watching his mother and his sister and their adopted brother closely. He is wearing a depressing look as he cannot earn and feed his family members properly being a handicapped person. He walks with help of walking stick. He decides that its better to commit suicide and die rather than giving trouble to others and also seeing his family members struggle for survival. His mother loves him a lot although he is limping and jobless. She asks him not to worry and be happy. Their landlord has asked them to vacate the premises the next day. Tension looming around his mind, Ranjit decides to go out early in the morning and jump from the bridge above the railway tracks and give away his life. Ranjit carries out his plan. In the next scenes, he starts walking without help from any stick. He meets a man who calls himself as Captain and he says that he is the only person who can see Ranjith right now. That fat man introduces himself as Swaraj Singh Captain and says that he is a ghost and that Ranjit has died and is now a ghost too. Captain takes him along everywhere and shows him how many other people are roaming as ghosts in the world after committing suicides. Captain says the ghosts attain salvation only when their unfulfilled wish gets fulfilled. Captain asks him why did he commit suicide. Ranjit tells him his story of how he was a badminton player and how rich they were. He had even fell in love with a richer girl. The rest of the story is about Ranjit's description of what drove him to poverty, how were they surviving, how his friends betrayed him and deprived him of any job, how he lost his leg and how much he feels betrayed of his girlfriend leaving him and joining hands with some one else. Captain just keeps listening to his story. The answers to the above question and rest of the story is full of suspense which needs to be seen in the movie directly.
Reception.
It received four in the Bollywood guide "Collections". The film grossed 2,70,00,000 at the box office in 1978 and thereby became a surprise flop. The film was praised by the critics at the time of its release and has developed a cult following over the years among audiences.

</doc>
<doc id="20904402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904402" title="Capstone Farm Country Park">
Capstone Farm Country Park

Capstone Farm Country Park is in Chatham, Kent, Medway, in Kent, England. A former farm converted into a landscaped park and open-space area.
This park is set on 114 hectares () of converted farm land, on the North Downs, near Walderslade. It is within the Kent Downs, an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
History.
The park is set within Capstone valley, between Hempstead and Walderslade. The valley has been used by human use since the Neolithic period, according to the various archaeological finds in the area.
There were originally four large farms in the Walderslade and surrounding areas, including Walderslade Farm, Settingdon Farm, Shawstead Farm and Gibralter Farm (the last two farms still exist). Shawstead Farm (and probably others nearby) were associated with the clearance of local woodland, in 1765 to help supply Chatham Dockyard with oak for the building of wooden sailing ships, launched at Chatham. Most of the larger and more valuable oak trees would have existed in the richer soil of the valley bottoms (Walderslade, Shawstead etc.) where the farms were typically located.
Much of the current park boundaries used to belong to the farm of Shawstead Manor. The ruins of Upper Shawstead Farm are still within the boundary of the Park.
In 1376, Robert Belknapp was forced to give the manor to the Prior and Convent of Rochester to King Edward III, in atonement for certain misdemeanours.
The land then remained in the ownership of the church, latterly the Church Commissioners in Canterbury, until 1928. During this time the
land was rented out to local farmers, including the Crittendens, but the woodlands were managed by the Church Commissioners.
In the 16th century, a Beacon was erected on the site for military warning and use for cavalry manoeuvres.
In 1928, Chatham Council bought the land but it continued to be leased to a local farmer until 1984 when it was opened as a Country Park for Medway Council.
Part of the site continues to be farmed by the Wills family (local farmers) who took on the agricultural tenancy in 1951.
In 1985, the council stopped using the Shawstead landfill site (which has been in use since 1937), this has made more land for the country park, to the west of the park, mainly newly planted woodlands.
In 1984, a section of land (covering an area of 7.8 hectares () ) was sold to create the riding school. Matthews Riding School occupies severals paddocks and equine livery buildings.
Facilities.
It is owned and maintained by Medway Council.
Visitors to the park, near Gillingham, can experience ancient woodlands. Including
The woodlands are managed in the traditional way, by coppicing by the park rangers.
The park also has large green meadows (including the Events Field) and the freshwater lake.
At Capstone, a number of rarely sighted species of wildlife can be seen around the site. Including great spotted woodpeckers, blackcaps, and willow warblers, within the woods. Yellowhammers in the hedges and in the meadows, skylarks.
Many butterfly specious can also be found in the park, including Speckled Wood, gatekeeper and brimstone, seen around the orchard and meadows.
Over the lake, many species of dragonflies and damselflies can be seen.
Other facilities at Capstone include a children's play area, public and disabled toilets, refreshments (from a cafe overlooking the lake), picnic area, cycling paths, a visitor centre, fishing (a day ticket is required), an education room, a horse riding trail and a reptile garden (mainly a rock and scrub area).
The Events field is used for various outdoor acitivies including Kite flying "Kites over Capstone", Cancer Research Race for Life
The park has a very active volunteer group, who along with the Park rangers, coppice within the woods, maintain the trails and complete many other essential works. 
The park also is acreddited with a Green Flag Award by Natural England.

</doc>
<doc id="20904403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904403" title="Parmatma">
Parmatma

Parmatma (परमात्मा) is a 1978 Bollywood adventure film directed by Chand.

</doc>
<doc id="20904410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904410" title="Michał Rutkowski">
Michał Rutkowski

Michał Rutkowski (born October 20, 1959 in Warsaw, Poland) is a Polish economist and a World Bank country director for the Russian Federation and a resident representative in Moscow (since 2012). He is a former director for human development (education, health and social protection) in the South Asia region of the World Bank. He is the highest-ranked Polish official at the World Bank headquarters in Washington, DC, and also a former director of the Office for Social Security Reform in the Government of Poland (1996-97), as well as a co-author of the design of the new Polish pension system. A graduate of the Warsaw School of Economics (MSc 1982, PhD 1987), with post-graduate studies at the London School of Economics (1989-90) and Harvard Business School (1999). Before joining the World Bank in 1990 Rutkowski was an assistant professor at the Warsaw School of Economics and did research work in the area of labor economics, macroeconomics, education, business development and productivity in the Centre for Labour Economics and the Centre for Economic Performance at the London School of Economics. As a member of the secretariat of the Consultative Economic Council to the Polish government he also advised on early issues of economic and social transition to a market economy in Poland. He was also involved in interdisciplinary development endeavors as a member of the Polish Association for the Club of Rome and the British Association for the Club of Rome.
In the World Bank in the period 1990-96, he initially worked on public finance issues in Tanzania and economic and social consequences of mass migration in China. From 1992 onwards he focused, however, on economic and social transition to a market economy in Central and Eastern Europe and former Soviet Union, with a particular emphasis on labor market adjustments and social security system reforms. Before joining the Polish government on leave from the World Bank in 1996, he was closely associated with early work on pension reforms in the Baltic States, Ukraine and Bulgaria, as well as with the reforms of the fiscal federalism in the Russian Federation (see "Federal Transfers in Russia and their Impact on Regional Revenues and Incomes", with Ph. Le Houerou, "Comparative Economic Studies", 1996 (vol. XXXVIII), No. 2/3 (Summer/Fall), pp. 21-44).
In the period 1996-97, Rutkowski led the team of Polish reformers (i.a. Marek Góra, Wojciech Misiąg, Aleksandra Wiktorow, Andrzej Bratkowski, Krzysztof Pater, Agnieszka Chłoń-Domińczak, Ryszard Petru) that prepared a path-breaking pension reform package in Poland. The reform entailed a move away from a traditional pay-as-you-go defined-benefit pension system towards a modern and self-sustainable system based on principles of defined-contributions and partial pre-funding. With strong support of the Plenipotentiaries for Pension Reform (Andrzej Bączkowski and Jerzy Hausner) and ministers of finance (Grzegorz Kołodko and Marek Belka) the first laws of the reform package were passed in 1997, and the second batch in 1998 (with Ewa Lewicka as the Plenipotentiary, Leszek Balcerowicz as the minister of finance, and Marek Góra as Rutkowski's successor as director of the Office for Social Security Reform) to clear the way for the new pension reform to start on January 1, 1999. 
From 1998-2004, back in the World Bank, as sector manager for social protection, Rutkowski led a team of professionals working on pensions, labor markets and social assistance reforms in 28 countries of Central and Eastern Europe and former Soviet Union, as well as in Turkey. During this period a wave of social security reforms swept Central and Eastern Europe, including reforms in Latvia, Estonia, Slovak Republic, Bulgaria, Croatia, Rumunia and Turkey.
In the period 2004-08 Rutkowski was director for human development in the Middle East and North Africa region of the World Bank with his team focusing closely on education reforms, strengthening health systems and expanding and modernizing social security coverage in a volatile region.
Rutkowski has edited and authored books and articles on subjects of social security and labor markets, including a first comprehensive review of labor markets in transition economies "Labor Markets: Wages and Employment" (with R. Jackman) "Labor Market and Social Policy in Central and Eastern Europe", Oxford University Press 1994, as well as e.g. World Development Report 1995 on labor markets (member of the core writing team), "Pension Reform in Europe: Progress and Process" (with R. Holzmann and M. Orenstein), World Bank 2003, and "Pensions" (with N. Barr) [in: "Labor Market and Social Policy in Central and Eastern Europe", World Bank 2005. His current public policy reform interests include social security coverage, political economy of social reforms and managing public policy change. 
Rutkowski is a son of Jerzy Rutkowski (1914-89), an officer of Polish Home Army and a manager of the largest covert printing house (TWZW) during Nazi occupation and Warsaw Uprising, 1940-44. He lives in Washington, DC with his wife and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20904412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904412" title="Phandebaaz">
Phandebaaz

Phandebaaz is a 1978 Bollywood action film comedy directed by Samir Ganguly. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904416" title="Premi Gangaram">
Premi Gangaram

Premi Gangaram is a 1978 Bollywood romance film directed by Jagdish Nirula. 
Cast
Ashok Kumar
Yogita Bali
Anwar Hussain
I. S. Johar
Bindu
Tun Tun
Birbal
Jankidas
Randhir
Dolly
Jugnu
Kirti Bahi
Kuldip Kaur
Laila
Mehar Mittal
Mulchand
Paul Sharma
Saigal
Satish
Satish Kaul
Seema Kapoor
Shama
Uttam Sodi
Vimmi
Yasmin
External links.
The love between Gangaram, a talented singer and Jamuna, is a universally known affair. Jamuans father in order to break this love takes his daughter away to an unspecified place. Gangaram with the help of Leela, his adopted sister plays a ruse and they swap places before Jamuna is to take the rounds around the sacred fire with Leelas boy friend to see that the respective sposes are united with their lovers.

</doc>
<doc id="20904423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904423" title="Rahu Ketu">
Rahu Ketu

Rahu Ketu is a 1978 Bollywood action film directed by B.R. Ishara.

</doc>
<doc id="20904426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904426" title="Raja Rani Ko Chahiye Pasina">
Raja Rani Ko Chahiye Pasina

Raja Rani Ko Chahiye Pasina is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Sulabha Deshpande. The film stars Sushant Ray, Durga, Jasraj. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904428" title="Ram Kasam">
Ram Kasam

Ram Kasam is a 1978 Bollywood action film directed by Chand.

</doc>
<doc id="20904431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904431" title="Saawan Ke Geet">
Saawan Ke Geet

Saawan Ke Geet is a 1978 Bollywood drama film directed by R. Bhattacharya.

</doc>
<doc id="20904435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904435" title="Sone Ka Dil Lohe Ke Haath">
Sone Ka Dil Lohe Ke Haath

Sone Ka Dil Lohe Ke Haath is a 1978 Bollywood action film directed by Naresh Kumar.

</doc>
<doc id="20904439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904439" title="Tumhare Liye">
Tumhare Liye

Tumhare Liye (Hindi: तुम्हारे लिये; translation: For Your Sake) is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Basu Chatterjee. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar, Vidya Sinha and Ashok Kumar as leads with music scored by Jaidev.
Plot.
Gauri (Vidya Sinha) and Prakash (Sanjeev Kumar) are in love and get intimate. Prakash is expected to marry Renuka (Neelam Mehra), as she meets his family's approval; but he chooses Gauri. But after marriage, Gauri starts behaving strangely. She falls ill, and is hospitalized. It is here that the truth surfaces about the past lives of Gauri and Prakash. In their past birth, they were lovers - Gangadhar Upadhyay and Gauri- and Renuka was Kalavati, who loved Gangadhar. During their previous births, too, Gauri had got pregnant, fallen ill, and died because of Kalavati's interference. The child in Gauri's womb did not survive, resulting in Gangadhar's death. In the present birth, the only way Prakash can survive is if someone who loves him sacrifices her life for him. And that person cannot be Gauri, as her death will lead to the death of the child in her womb, and subsequently to Prakash's death. Renuka is now prepared to kill Gauri so she can get Prakash all to herself.

</doc>
<doc id="20904440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904440" title="List of Emmerdale characters (2007)">
List of Emmerdale characters (2007)

The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the British soap opera Emmerdale in 2007, by order of first appearance.
Jackie Stiles.
Jackie Stiles is the mother of Jo Stiles. She appeared in 2007. Jackie left Emmerdale on 13 January 2007.
Cathy Hope.
Catherine "Cathy" Hope is the daughter of Bob and Viv Hope. She first appeared in 2007.
Since Bob and Viv's remarriage in 2006 they had wanted a child. When Viv finally found out she was pregnant, Bob did not want another child because of the death of his daughter Dawn. She was ready to have an abortion when Bob stopped her. Cathy and twin-brother Heath are born on 9 February 2007 in a shed on the moors, hence their names, delivered by village veterinarian Paddy Kirk. Cathy is the older of the twins. They are baptised in May 2007, with nine godparents; Terry Woods, Marlon Dingle, Paddy Kirk, Donna Windsor-Dingle, Jamie Hope, Roxy Lockhart, Emily Kirk, Eddie Hope and Kelly Windsor. In July 2007, they are entered in a "Cute Kids" competition, which Heath wins. 
Heath Hope.
Heathcliff "Heath" Hope is the son of Bob and Viv Hope. He first appeared in 2007.
Since Bob and Viv's remarriage in 2006 they had wanted a child. When Viv finally found out she was pregnant, Bob did not want another child because of the death of his daughter Dawn. She was ready to have an abortion when Bob stopped her. Heath and twin-sister Cathy are born on 9 February 2007 in a shed on the moors, hence their names, delivered by village veterinarian Paddy Kirk. Heath is the younger of the twins. They are baptised in May 2007, with nine godparents; Terry Woods, Marlon Dingle, Paddy Kirk, Donna Windsor-Dingle, Jamie Hope, Roxy Lockhart, Emily Kirk, Eddie Hope and Kelly Windsor. In July 2007, they are entered in a "Cute Kids" competition, which Heath wins. 
Sharon Lambert.
Sharon Lambert is the daughter of Val Pollard and her former partner Jimmy Pepper, and sister of Paul Lambert. She appeared in 2007 and 2008
Sharon arrives in the village in February 2007. With her upcoming wedding to footballer Dan McHerron, she sends invitations to her brother Paul and her aunt Diane Sugden but not her mother. Paul and Diane wonder whether to accept the invitations, partly as Paul also has issues with Sharon. Val sees in a magazine that Sharon is getting married and goes to meet Sharon at Skipdale Hall, the venue chosen for the wedding. Val gets drunk with Dan and she has an argument with Sharon after it is revealed that Val had slept with Sharon's first boyfriend when she was 15 and the boyfriend 17. Val is thrown out and goes for drinks with local journalist John McNally. The following morning, the whole story is in the "Hotton Courier". Sharon and Dan's wedding day does not go well and they do not marry as Sharon is revealed as a gold digger.
Sharon returns to the village on 2 June 2008 for Val's wedding to Eric Pollard and seems a reformed character. After the ceremony, she ends up kissing Eric's son David Metcalfe, and while she only sees it as bit of fun, he appears to take things more seriously. David and Nicola De Souza, who is close to him, overhear Sharon telling a friend that she does not really care about David and is only staying until she has another celebrity party to go to. Nicola and Sharon later get into a fight in the Woolpack when Nicola tells her that David is leaving her for her. Val is then furious that Sharon has gone back on her offer to take her to her next big party and washes her hands of Sharon, who then leaves Emmerdale, saying she wants nothing to do with any of them.
Penny Drury.
Penelope "Penny" Drury is a classmate of Daz Eden. She appeared in 2007.
Penny is a classmate of Daz Eden, and when Debbie Dingle notices that he fancies Penny, she tries to get him to talk to her, but he cannot build up the confidence. Debbie invites Penny to Daz's birthday party but it is only the two of them there. They end up kissing on the sofa, only to be interrupted by Jack Sugden and Billy Hopwood arguing over who should look after Daz. Daz intervenes saying they are ruining his birthday and his chance of getting his leg over, causing Penny to leave. 
Penny returns months later when her father brings his car to Debbie's garage, where Daz works. Penny forgives Daz and the two start dating. After a few months, Penny leaves a glass of vodka and coke lying around at Daz's house, which is found and drunk by Samson Dingle. When she shows no remorse and calls Samson's father Sam retarded and a bad father, Daz dumps her. 
Dan McHerron.
Daniel John "Dan" McHerron is the fiancée of Sharon Lambert. He appeared in 2007. 
A footballer in the lower English league, Dan is engaged to Sharon Lambert, the estranged daughter of Val Lambert, who only finds out about the engagement in a magazine. Val goes to meet Sharon at Skipdale Hall, and later gets very drunk with Dan. When Sharon walks on Val and Dan drunk, a huge arguments starts, where Sharon says that Val slept with her first boyfriend when she was 15 and the boyfriend was 17. Val is thrown out, and is persuaded by local journalist John McNally to go for a drink with him. The following morning the entire affair is in "Hotton Courier". 
Dan later appears in "The Woolpack", having cancelled a date with Sharon the night before saying he had a press conference. However, Rodney Blackstock sees a photo of Dan and two other women in the paper. Val decides not to tell Sharon, however, the wedding ends in disaster and the pair do not marry as Sharon is revealed as a gold digger.
Errol Michaels.
Errol Michaels is a homeless man who persuades Bob Hope to return home. He appeared in 2007. 
Errol Michaels is a homeless man who is first seen in a park where Bob Hope, having left home without telling his family, is selling ice-cream. Bob later talks to Errol about his problems at home, and Errol tries to persuade him to go home, or he would regret it, like Errol now does having left home 18 years before. Errol seems often to appear out of nowhere. On 20 May, Bob's wife Viv is celebrating her 50th birthday in a park, and Errol persuades an unknowing Bob to go to that park to sell ice-cream. When Viv sees Bob, she runs off, and Errol tells him to go after her. Viv rejects Bob and returns to Emmerdale. Errol and Bob then follow her and he gives Bob some advice. He then says he will walk home, and after saying their goodbyes, Bob turns round, but Errol had disappeared. 
Caroline Swann.
Caroline Swann (née Potts) is the sister of Laurel Thomas. Caroline first appeared on 25 May 2007, at the hospital when her mother Hilary woke up from a coma caused by a car crash. The elder of Doug and Hilary's two children, Caroline was always her mother's favourite as a child, even in adult life, causing some resentment from Laurel. Caroline returns on 2 December 2007 when her parents return to their home after staying with Laurel and Ashley in Emmerdale. Caroline says that her husband, Ben, has been made redundant and they have lost their house, so without asking they had moved into Doug and Hilary's house. Doug and Hilary then decide to move back to Emmerdale.
Caroline was seen again on 8 December 2009 when Doug and Ashley turn up at Hilary's house to see Laurel, following Ashley and Laurel's separation. This was her last appearance to date.
Andrea Hayworth.
Andrea Hayworth is a neighbour of Duke Woods. She appeared in 2007. 
Andrea first appears when Terry Woods visits his father, Duke, after hearing he was in hospital. Andrea tells Terry that Duke is in prison after punching a local hooligan. Andrea and Terry go to the prison to collect Duke, and she mediates between the two, who had been estranged for some time. She persuades Duke to go and stay with Terry for a while. She has a brief relationship with Terry. She reappears in the village on 14 August 2007, and tells Duke that she has a new job and she and Ryan are moving to Sheffield. 
Ryan Hayworth.
Ryan Hayworth is the son of Andrea Hayworth. He appeared in 2007 and 2008. 
Ryan is the son of Andrea Hayworth, and lives next door to Duke Woods, the father of Terry Woods. He gets on well with Duke, who is persuaded by Andrea and Terry to go and live with Terry in Emmerdale. In August 2007, he has a failed trial with York City F.C.. In early 2008, Ryan arrives in the village and tells Duke about his problems with his mother's new boyfriend. Terry later tells Duke that Ryan needs him, and Duke leaves the village to be nearer him.
Colin McFarlane.
Colin McFarlane is a businessman who sleeps with Chas Dingle. He appeared in 2007. 
Chas Dingle and Lexi Nicholls are in an upmarket hotel and when they see Colin, they decide to have a bet - who can sleep with Colin. The loser will have to pay for their room there. Lexi soon gets drunk, and turns Colin off, however Chas makes her move and the two go to his room. The following morning, Chas wakes up in Colin's bed to find he has died. She and Lexi decide to make a run for it, although Lexi steals his wallet. The police later question them, while Colin's wife Brenda thanks them for killing her husband.
Brenda McFarlane.
Brenda McFarlane is the wife of Colin McFarlane. She appeared in 2007 and 2008. 
She first appears looking for Chas Dingle, who was sleeping with her husband Colin when he died. Chas thinks that Brenda wants revenge so she and Lexi Nicholls prepare to run away. However, the following day they meet her when she turns up at Chas's house. To their surprise, Brenda hands them some money to thank them for killing her husband - although Colin died of natural causes. Brenda reappears on 17 March 2008, when Chas goes to her to ask for her help. Chas and Debbie Dingle are trying to help Jo Sugden get rid of Charlie Sellers, a former prisoner who is staying in Jo's house and threatening her. Brenda agrees to allow Charlie and Chas to rob one of her nightclubs, and let him then get caught by the police. However, the following day things go wrong when Charlie holds the bar manager hostage with a gun. He and Chas escape, but Brenda later comes after Charlie with a 'heavy'. She tells Charlie to leave and he has no choice but to agree.
Daniel Thomas.
Daniel Thomas is the biological son of Greg and Melanie Doland, although during his life, he is thought to be the son of Ashley and Laurel Thomas. He appeared from 2007 to 2008.
Born on 26 August 2007, an accidental baby-swap in the hospital saw Daniel given to Ashley and Laurel Thomas, while their biological son Arthur is given to the Dolands. He is christened in December 2007, with Shadrach Dingle acting as godfather, who surprises people by caring very much for Daniel and promising to teach him things when he is older. On 21 February 2008, Daniel dies in his sleep of cot death, leaving Laurel and Ashley devastated. Laurel's mother Hilary Potts soon starts to think that Arthur is not Greg and Mel's son, and eventually DNA tests prove this, and that Daniel was Greg and Mel's son. Greg and Mel leave the village in July 2008, after Laurel and Ashley are awarded custody of Arthur.
Arthur Thomas.
Arthur Thomas is the son of Ashley Thomas and Laurel Thomas. He has appeared since 2007.
Born on 26 August 2007, Arthur Thomas is the biological son of Ashley Thomas, the local vicar, and wife Laurel. However, an accidental baby-swap sees him being given to Greg and Melanie Doland, who gives birth nearby on the same day. Their biological son, Daniel Thomas, dies of cot death on 21 February 2008. Laurel's mother Hilary Potts soon starts to think that Arthur is not Greg and Mel's son, and eventually DNA tests prove this. After a court decision, Arthur is handed over to Ashley and Laurel in June 2008. Arthur then refuses to eat and Mel comes round and helps out. Eventually, Laurel bonds with Arthur, and Greg and Mel leave the village. Arthur is last seen on 2 December 2009 after Laurel believes that Sally Spode has abducted him but is humiliated when he turns up with her and Ashley having gone out for a trip. Offscreen, he leaves with Laurel and Gabby to his grandmother Hilary's house although Gabby later returns.
In April 2010, Arthur returns to the village with his mother and his parents reconcile after Sally is arrested.
Melanie Doland.
Melanie "Mel" Doland is the wife of Greg Doland and biological mother of Daniel Thomas. She appeared from 2007 to 2008.
Mel first appears along with Greg when she is giving birth at the same time as Laurel Thomas. Unbeknown to either couple, their babies are accidentally swapped at the hospital, and Mel's biological son, Daniel, goes home with Laurel and Ashley Thomas, while Laurel's biological son, Arthur, goes home with the Dolands. The couples become friends and their children are baptised at the same time by Bishop George Postlethwaite. The Dolands become more frequent visitors to Emmerdale village when Greg, a builder, and Jack Sugden come to an arrangement for the redevelopment of Annie's Cottage. When Jack later sells Annie's Cottage, the Dolands buy it and move to the village. 
On 21 February 2008, Daniel dies of cot death. Soon after, Laurel's mother Hilary Potts starts to suspect Arthur may be the Thomas' son not Greg and Mel's. They try and flee the country, but Ashley stops them. The police await their return, although they are not charged. Mel later runs away with Arthur on her own, but is later found. In June, the courts award custody of Arthur to his biological parents, Ashley and Laurel, leaving Mel particularly devastated. Over the coming weeks, Laurel has problems bonding with Arthur and Mel makes frequent visits to see Arthur. When Laurel finally bonds with Arthur, Greg and Mel leave the village as Mel realises there is no place for them anymore.
Greg Doland.
Gregory "Greg" Doland is the husband of Melanie Doland, father of Jake Doland and biological father of Daniel Thomas. He appeared from 2007 to 2008.
Greg first appears along with Mel when she is giving birth at the same time as Laurel Thomas. Unbeknown to either couple, their babies are accidentally swapped at the hospital, and Mel's biological son, Daniel, goes home with Laurel and Ashley Thomas, while Laurel's biological son, Arthur, goes home with the Dolands. The couples become friends and their children are baptised at the same time by Bishop George Postlethwaite. The Dolands become more frequent visitors to Emmerdale village when Greg, a builder, and Jack Sugden come to an arrangement for the redevelopment of Annie's Cottage. When Jack later sells Annie's Cottage, the Dolands buy it and move to the village. 
On 21 February 2008, Daniel dies of cot death. During a period when Laurel is estranged from Ashley, Greg tries to comfort her and she kisses him. A guilt-ridden Laurel returns to her husband and she and Greg promise to keep quiet about what had happened. Soon after Daniel's death, Laurel's mother Hilary Potts starts to suspect Arthur may be the Thomas' son not Greg and Mel's. They try and flee the country, but Ashley stops them. The police await their return, although they are not charged. Mel later runs away with Arthur on her own, only telling her stepson Jake Doland where she is. After a few weeks, Greg persuades her to come home. At a court hearing on 5 June, a judge decides to award custody of Arthur to his biological parents, Laurel and Ashley. Over the coming weeks, Laurel has problems bonding with Arthur and Mel makes frequent visits to visit him. Greg, however, does not visit Arthur, causing arguments between the couple. When Laurel finally bonds with Arthur, Greg and Mel leave the village as Mel realises there is no place for her anymore.
Patricia Foster.
Patricia Foster is the mother of Jonny Foster. She appeared in 2007, 2008 and 2009.
Patricia first arrives in the village in 2007 to present a £5000 cheque to her son, local farrier Jonny Foster, which he can invest in his future with his partner Paul Lambert. She returns in 2008 for Jonny's commitment ceremony to Paul, who had already married Jonny hours beforehand in a civil partnership. On 12 January 2009, Patricia returns to the village and argues with Paul outside "The Woolpack" during a divorce party being held for him by his mother. Patricia tells Paul that Jonny has emigrated to Australia. The following day Patricia and Val talk, and Val assures her that Paul still loves Jonny and that the divorce party was not his idea. The bonding moment is short-lived, as they begin to argue over who is the "woman" in the relationship, and soon Patricia tries to shame Val by bringing up Paul's fling with Grayson Sinclair. Just as a furious Patricia prepares to leave, Paul arrives, and talks with her privately. Patricia tells him that Jonny is still in love with him.
Charlotte Beecham.
Charlotte Beecham is a police officer. She appeared in 2007 and from 2008 to 2009.
Charlotte has a casual relationship with Emmerdale resident and colleague Ross Kirk. Another officer, Shane Doyle, makes a pass at her. In December 2008, Shane goes missing - having been killed by Jasmine Thomas. Donna Windsor-Dingle, who Shane knew was having an affair with Ross, convinces Charlotte to go to Shane's flat with her to investigate. They find something that suggests he has escaped to Malta, and take it to Sgt. Drake. Charlotte thinks that Donna knows more than she is saying, but Donna lies and does not tell her about Shane knowing about the affair. In January 2009 she and a colleague search the bedroom of Ross Kirk shortly before he is arrested for the murder of Shane Doyle. Later that month she searches the Dingles house after Donna tells her superiors that she believes Eli Dingle have had something to do with the murder. On 27 January 2009, PC Beecham is one of the police officers who arrive in Emmerdale to find Jasmine Thomas and Debbie Dingle, who Eli has just revealed were involved in Shane's murder. In May, she and a colleague arrive in the village after a supplier alleges that Bob Hope stole his money.
Kirsty Rayfield.
Kirsty Rayfield is the girlfriend of Ross Kirk. She appeared in 2007.
Kirsty first appears on 24 October when she comes to visit Ross, however, he breaks up with her. Although they later get back together, this does not last as Kirsty believes he has feelings for Donna Windsor-Dingle. Donna's husband Marlon also believes this. Kirsty left her husband to be with Ross. In late November, encouraged by Donna, he splits up with Kirsty as he no longer loves her.
Freddie Yorke.
Freddie Yorke is a con man who frames Viv Hope for fraud. He appeared in 2007 and 2008.
Freddie meets Viv in late 2007 and persuades her to work with the "Happy Smile Fund", his children's charity. After she had too much to drink, he kisses her. Viv works hard to raise money for the charity, but in early 2008 she realises that the money is not going to the charity. She makes it up with her own money, but fails to get in contact with Freddie. In March 2008, Viv is arrested for fraud and finds that her names have been put down on many pieces of incriminating paperwork. In July, a private investigator finds Freddie and records on tape saying what he had done. However, when the investigator is handing it over in a park, Freddie takes the tape off Viv after a tussle. He leaves her some of the stolen money and without her knowledge plants it in her babies pram. The police then find this and it further incriminates her. The day before the start of Viv's trial, her daughter PC Donna Windsor-Dingle and PC Ross Kirk see Freddie on a surveillance tape and find out where he lives. They try to talk to him, but he flees. A car chase follows, and while Freddie gets away Donna and Ross are seriously injured in a crash. Viv, guilt-ridden about what happened to her daughter, pleads guilty to fraud, and is sent to prison.
Jake Doland.
Jake Doland is the son of Greg Doland. He appeared from 2007 to 2009, when his character was axed.
A writer from Holy Soap described Jake's most memorable moment as being the scenes in which he witnessed his stepmother realise her baby was dead. 
Jake first appears when visiting the village for the christening of his half brother Arthur in December 2007. He is also Arthur's godfather. 
Jake's mother died when he was a child and Greg married Melanie. He returns in January 2008 to help his father re-build Annie's Cottage. Jake does not take to building so when Jack Sugden offers him a job on Butler's Farm, while Andy Sugden was in jail, Jake agrees. Victoria Sugden takes a liking to him but he only sees her as a friend. With Andy in prison, Jake is more interested in Jo Stiles, but Sam Dingle tells him to leave her alone. Jake continues to work there until Andy fires him in June 2008.
In early 2008, Greg and Mel learn that Arthur may not be their son as the hospital are investigating a possible baby swap. Convinced it is the Thomases' grief talking, Jake helps Greg and Mel go on the run. When thwarted at the airport, Mel disappears with Arthur but keeps in touch with Jake. Greg later finds out and convinces her to come home. Weeks later, DNA test results prove Arthur is Ashley and Laurel's son and custody of him is awarded to the Thomases. Daniel, the Dolands' biological son, died in February 2008. They leave town several weeks later to live in Spain, but Jake decides to stay in Emmerdale. 
Jake takes over as head chef at the Woolpack after Marlon Dingle quits in a huff and starts dating Jasmine Thomas. Marlon is convinced to return and Jake returns to being assistant chef. In October 2008, Jake throws a party in an attempt to help his flagging romance with Jasmine. Unfortunately for Jake, PC Shane Doyle wants Jasmine and ends the party by claiming that there have been complaints about noise and whispers to Jake that he'd slept with Jasmine. A furious Jake attacks him and is arrested. Jasmine tells him she has had enough and ends their relationship. Jake becomes close friends with Daz Eden and he moves in with Daz when Daz didn't want his girlfriend Scarlett Nicholls to join him. 
In mid-2009, Greg asks Jake to join him and Melanie in Spain and finds him a job. In August, Lizzie Lakely, who is blind, asks him to scratch a scratchcard for her and tell her if she has won anything – she wins £500 but Eli Dingle convinces him to keep quiet and they split the money. Initially Jake agrees and cashs in the scratchcard, but feeling guilty, Jake confessed to Lizzie. Pleased at Jake's honesty, Marlon Dingle gave him the money for his flight to Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20904444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904444" title="Tumhari Kasam">
Tumhari Kasam

Tumhari Kasam is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Ravi Chopra. The film stars Jeetendra, Maushumi, Navin Nischol, Padmini Kapila, Master Raju and Rupesh Kumar. Lyrics penned by Anand Bakshi were composed by Rajesh Roshan.
Music.
The music is by Rajesh Roshan with lyrics by Anand Bakshi. The songs are sung by Asha Bhosle, Kishore Kumar, Lata Mangeshkar, Mukesh and Preeti Sagar.

</doc>
<doc id="20904473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904473" title="Byfield railway station">
Byfield railway station

Byfield railway station was a railway station serving Byfield in the English county of Northamptonshire. 
History.
The line was opened by the East and West Junction Railway between and in 1873. It was not very successful and in 1877 the two trains a day in each direction were discontinued. However in 1899 the London extension of the Great Central Railway was opened through which brought extra traffic. Great Central services reached Byfield via Woodford South Curve which was built at the same time. Bradshaw's timetable for August 1899 shows the 5.20pm from terminating at Byfield, where it arrived at 7.36pm, 11 minutes after calling at . The curve was officially closed on 22 October 1900, but the rails remained in-situ for many years afterwards although the points were disconnected.
The line was also helped by a partial reorganisation in 1908 and its merger into the Stratford-upon-Avon and Midland Junction Railway The group of lines carried on unsteadily until grouping in 1923 when they became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway By 1905 there were four trains off the Great Central line and two Woodford to Stratford services.
However demand reduced until in 1946 there was one morning through train each way, and one each way between Towcester and Byfield. The station closed on 5 April 1952, with freight finishing on 1 March 1965,
The design of the station buildings was virtually the same as all the others on the line, with two platforms serving a passing loop in the otherwise single line. There was a single line siding with a goods shed and a timber signal box. To avoid having a crossing, the station was built close to an overbridge carrying the A561 road. 
The signal box's main function was to operate the ETS token system, although there was a facility to switch Byfield box out and operate a long block. Today, virtually all trace of the line and the station has disappeared

</doc>
<doc id="20904475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904475" title="Heinz Simmet">
Heinz Simmet

Heinz Simmet (born November 22, 1944) is a retired German football player. He played 419 games in the Bundesliga and scored 55 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20904488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904488" title="Lindsay Goldberg">
Lindsay Goldberg

Lindsay Goldberg is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout and growth capital investments in middle-market companies in such sectors as consumer products, commodity based manufacturing, energy services, business services, financial services, energy transmission and waste disposal.
The firm, which is based in New York City, was founded in 2001 by Alan Goldberg, who had previously served as chairman and CEO of Morgan Stanley Private Equity (later Metalmark Capital) and Robert Lindsay, who played a central role in the Bessemer Holdings private equity business, serving most recently as Managing General Partner since 1991. Goldberg and Lindsay had worked together in the 1980s at Morgan Stanley and were founding members of the private equity business in 1984.
The firm has raised approximately $10 billion since inception across three funds. The firm raised $2 billion for its first fund in 2002. In 2006, the firm completed fundraising for its second fund with $3.1 billion of investor commitments. In 2008, Lindsay Goldberg commenced raising its third fund with a target of $4.0 billion. At December 31, 2008, the firm had raised $4.6 billion for its third fund.
Partners.
Lindsay Goldberg has developed affiliate partnerships with a number of influential individuals and businesses in order extend their reach, both geographically and by industries. These partners include:

</doc>
<doc id="20904502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904502" title="Sharar">
Sharar

Sharar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20904503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904503" title="Aangan Ki Kali">
Aangan Ki Kali

Aangan Ki Kali is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Harsh Koli. Music is by Bappi Lahiri. This is one of the few Hindi films that deals with adoption.
Plot.
Anmol (Rakesh Roshan) and Sunita (Lakshmi) are a happily married couple. However, Sunita has a serious heart condition. She could risk a dangerous operation or live only a few more years. Her medical condition could get worse if she ever gets pregnant. She falls in love with an orphan named Bhavana and wants to adopt her. But her husband wants Sunita to get better, so they can have their own children. He doesn't care about Bhavana and gets upset with her over her childlike behavior, but when she runs away from home, he goes after her and asks her to come home. Together, they convince Sunita to have the risky operation, from which she recovers. Anmol and Sunita adopt Bhavana, and they all live happily ever after.

</doc>
<doc id="20904510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904510" title="Ahimsa (1979 film)">
Ahimsa (1979 film)

Ahimsa is a 1979 Bollywood action film directed by Chand. The film stars Sunil Dutt and Rekha.

</doc>
<doc id="20904511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904511" title="Patrizia von Brandenstein">
Patrizia von Brandenstein

Patrizia von Brandenstein (born 15 April 1943) is an American production designer. She was the first woman to win an Academy Award for production design and has been nominated for two more in the category Best Art Direction. She has shown versatility in creating sets for both lavish historical films and glossy contemporary fare.
She was born in Arizona to German Russian emigrant parents. Her education abroad closed with two years as an apprentice at the famed Comédie Française. She started with the off-Broadway scene of 1960s New York at the Actors Studio and La MaMa as a seamstress, prop maker and scene painter. 1966 saw the real start of her career in design with an eight-year stay creating costumes and sets at the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco under William Ball. She also met future husband and fellow production designer Stuart Wurtzel. She has designed movies in a wide range of subjects, styles, and periods: from the low-budget, break-dancing musical "Beat Street" to the expensive plutonium-plant melodrama "Silkwood".
Director Neil Burger, in his DVD commentary for "Limitless," singles out von Brandenstein for her excellent work on the film.
Selected filmography.
Brandenstein has won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and has been nominated for two more:

</doc>
<doc id="20904514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904514" title="Aladdin and the Wonderful Lamp">
Aladdin and the Wonderful Lamp

Aladdin and the Wonderful Lamp is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by I.V. Sasi. The film stars Kamal Hassan, Rajnikanth, and Srividya .

</doc>
<doc id="20904516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904516" title="Amar Deep (1979 film)">
Amar Deep (1979 film)

Amar Deep is a 1979 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by R. Krishnamurthy and K. Vijayan and produced by K. Balajee. The film stars Rajesh Khanna in the lead role supported by Shabana Azmi and Vinod Mehra, and introduces new actress Deepa. The lyrics were written by Anand Bakshi and the music was composed by Laxmikant Pyarelal.
Plot.
Raja was adopted by a criminal don (Ashok Kumar) at a very young age. After the death of the don, Raja inherits the property, and refrains from crime. However, the wealth and the power associated with it, make him arrogant. He desires Radha, the daughter of his servant, Ramu, and Raja asks his permission to marry her, Ramu accepts, but Radha refuses as she loves Kishan. Raja finds out that Radha is meeting with Kishan on the sly, and complains to Ramu, who forbids her from meeting with Kishan. Then Raja finds out a secret from Kishan's past, meets with him, hires him, and even arranges a lavish marriage for Kishan with Radha, resulting in Kishan being indebted to Raja. Raja entrusts him with more important and responsible work, which must get Kishan to travel a lot. Kishan eventually finds out the real reason for Raja's kindness. Was it that Raja wants Kishan out of the way so he can be near Radha, or is there another reason?

</doc>
<doc id="20904519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904519" title="Aur Kaun?">
Aur Kaun?

Aur Kaun? is a 1979 Bollywood horror film directed by Shyam Ramsay and Tulsi Ramsay . The music of the film composed by Bappi Lahiri was popular in 1979 specially the song "Haan Pehli Baar" sung by Kishore Kumar.The title song was sung by Lata Mangeshkar in her haunting melody style.

</doc>
<doc id="20904523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904523" title="Bagula Bhagat">
Bagula Bhagat

Bagula Bhagat is a 1979 Bollywood action film thriller directed by Harmesh Malhotra. The film stars Ashok Kumar.

</doc>
<doc id="20904527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904527" title="Bin Phere Hum Tere">
Bin Phere Hum Tere

Bin Phere Hum Tere is a 1979 Bollywood drama film directed by Rajat Rakshit. The film stars Asha Parekh and Vinod Mehra.
Plot.
Jamuna lives a poor lifestyle in Gangapur with her widowed step-mother. She is of marriageable age, but instead of getting her married, she is sold to her maternal uncle, Mukand Bihari, who, in turn, sells her to a brothel madame, Telanbai, where Jamuna is confined and forced to dance and sing against her will. She does manage to escape one day, and comes to the rescue of two runaway twins, Raju and Debu, and takes them to Bandra, Bombay, to their cancer-ridden father, Jagdish Sharma. Jagdish and Jamuna are attracted to each other, and both believe to be each other's spouses, even though no formal marriage is performed. Jamuna continues to look after the twins even after Jagdish passes away, and endures many difficulties raising them. Years later, the twins have grown up, while Raju is employed in a factory, Debu is a doctor. Raju has fallen in love with his boss' daughter, Shikha, while Debu is in love with Kiran. Jamuna meets both girls and approves of them. Then her past comes to pay her a nasty visit when she comes face to face with one of her patrons, Jagmohan, none other than Shikha's dad, on one hand, and Telanbai - who is Kiran's mother. Struggling to hold her own against these odds, Jamuna must now also come to terms with other life-changing decisions - including death and subsequent deception - decisions that she may end regretting for the rest of her life.

</doc>
<doc id="20904530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904530" title="Bombay by Nite">
Bombay by Nite

Bombay by Nite is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by A. Shamsheer. The film stars Ramesh Deo, Prithviraj Kapoor and Sanjeev Kumar .

</doc>
<doc id="20904533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904533" title="Chambal Ki Raani">
Chambal Ki Raani

Chambal Ki Raani is a 1979 Bollywood action film directed by Radhakant. The film stars Mahendra Sandhu and Dara Singh .

</doc>
<doc id="20904534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904534" title="21st parallel south">
21st parallel south

The 21st parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 21 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 21° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20904540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904540" title="Carbon dioxide scrubbing">
Carbon dioxide scrubbing

Carbon dioxide scrubbing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20904558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904558" title="National heritage sites (South Africa)">
National heritage sites (South Africa)

Section 27 of the National Heritage Resources Act (NHRA) of South Africa provides for places of historic or cultural importance to be designated National heritage sites. This came into effect with the introduction of the Act on 1 April 2000, when all former national monuments declared by the former National Monuments Council and its predecessors became provincial heritage sites as provided for in Section 58 of the Act.
Both national and provincial heritage sites are protected under the terms of Section 27 of the NHRA, and a permit is required to work on them. National heritage sites are declared and administered by the national heritage resources authority, SAHRA; provincial heritage sites fall within the domain of the various provincial heritage resources authorities.
The SAHRA logo is used to mark national heritage sites.
Currently proclaimed national heritage sites are
External links.
Provincial Heritage Resources Authorities:

</doc>
<doc id="20904559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904559" title="South African Heritage Resources Agency">
South African Heritage Resources Agency

The South African Heritage Resources Agency (SAHRA) is the national administrative body responsible for the protection of South Africa's cultural heritage. It was established through the National Heritage Resources Act, number 25 of 1999 and together with provincial heritage resources authorities is one of the bodies that replaced the National Monuments Council.
External links.
Provincial Heritage Resources Authorities:

</doc>
<doc id="20904560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904560" title="Heritage objects (South Africa)">
Heritage objects (South Africa)

Heritage objects in South Africa are objects or collections formally declared as such by the South African Heritage Resource Agency in order to control their export. Declaration does not restrict the sale or ownership of the objects.
Archeological and paleontological material and meteorites are exempt from declaration as such objects may not be bought, sold or owned.
With the comining into effect of the National Heritage Resources Act on 1 April 2000, all moveable objects previously declared as national monuments became heritage objects.
Heritage Objects at Provincial Level.
At provincial level only Amafa aKwaZulu-Natali has powers to protect and manage heritage objects.

</doc>
<doc id="20904569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904569" title="A Perfect Place">
A Perfect Place

A Perfect Place is a black-and-white tragic comedy short directed, produced, and written by Derrick Scocchera starring Mark Boone Junior and Bill Moseley, first released on 2 February 2008 at the Lake County Film Festival. It was filmed in entirely in Alameda, Oakland and San Francisco, California under a budget of $50,000.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack comprises the third non-aliased solo release by Mike Patton, who wrote, produced and performed all tracks (with the exception of some percussion parts), released on March 11, 2008 under his own Ipecac Recordings with special edition copies of the album being released with a bonus DVD containing the film. The score itself is 10 minutes longer than the film because Patton "got excited" and has been well received by critics with allmusic giving it a four out of five star rating and crediting Patton for the "depth of his orchestral arrangements" calling them "surprisingly mature".
Track listing.
All tracks written by Mike Patton except some percussion parts as noted here.

</doc>
<doc id="20904571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904571" title="Butte Valley Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Butte Valley Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Butte Valley Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 87.

</doc>
<doc id="20904572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904572" title="Dhongee">
Dhongee

Dhongee is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Ashok Roy. The film stars Randhir Kapoor, Neetu Singh, Asrani, Prem Nath and in a special appearanceRakesh Roshan.
Music.
Popular songs by Rahul Dev Burman

</doc>
<doc id="20904576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904576" title="Pop Cutie! Street Fashion Simulation">
Pop Cutie! Street Fashion Simulation

Pop Cutie! Street Fashion Simulation, known in Japan as "That's QT", is a fashion design and business management simulation video game developed and published by Koei for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console.
Gameplay.
In Pop Cutie!, the player is put in charge of a fashion boutique, and is required to design, and sell clothes. Making clothes requires collecting keywords, which certain combination of words creates certain pieces of clothing. To sell your clothes, you must set up a store, and stock it with your items, as well as hire employees to take care of the store. You are set against rivals, who like you are selling clothes. In game you can also take part in "fashion battles", in which you are put against a rival to design an outfit based on a certain amount of items. Your outfit is then judged on several criteria.
The game is broke into several stages, in which you must meet a certain objective to get to the next stage. In different stages your store is located in a different part of town, as well, the size of your store also changes, as well as your rivals.
Reception.
"Pop Cutie! Street Fashion Simulation" received a score of 7.5 out of 10 from "IGN", and a score of 7/10 from Game Zone. Criticisms concerned the pace of the game, as well as the difficulty of controls at some points.

</doc>
<doc id="20904577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904577" title="Dil Kaa Heera">
Dil Kaa Heera

Dil Kaa Heera is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Dulal Guha. The film stars Dharmendra and Hema Malini .

</doc>
<doc id="20904583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904583" title="Do Ladke Dono Kadke">
Do Ladke Dono Kadke

Do Ladke Dono Kadke is a 1979 Bollywood drama film directed by Basu Chatterjee. 
Cast.
'Plot'
Two petty thieves decide to rob a house that kidnappers had decided to kidnap a child from, what results is chaos, as the child ends up with the petty thieves, and both the thieves & the kidnappers claiming the ransom; and assorted characters showing up to claim the reward offered by the child's parents. Light hearted comedy, with "Kise khabar kahan dagar jivan ki ley jaye, kab koi sapna bikhare yahan par, kab koi sach ho jaye..."

</doc>
<doc id="20904586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904586" title="Do Shikaari">
Do Shikaari

Do Shikaari is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Kuljit Pal. The film stars Vinod Khanna and Rekha.
Plot.
Seeking the treasure located in Solomon's Mines in the heart of Africa, Zorro (Amjad Khan) abducts and holds Sunita's (Rekha) father as ransom, and forces her to journey to Africa, to find the treasure. She does travel to Africa, and meets with Ranjeet (Biswajeet) and asks him for help to locate her missing brother. Ranjeet agrees to do so, and they commence their travel, little knowing what awaits them in the deep jungle full of wild beasts; hostile tribesmen; a seemingly endless and barren desert; not to speak of treachery and greed of people from their own group.

</doc>
<doc id="20904587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904587" title="Dooriyaan">
Dooriyaan

Dooriyaan is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Bhimsain Khurana.

</doc>
<doc id="20904589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904589" title="Duniya Meri Jeb Mein">
Duniya Meri Jeb Mein

Duniya Meri Jeb Mein is a 1979 Bollywood action film directed by Tinnu Anand. The film stars Shashi Kapoor and Rishi Kapoor .

</doc>
<doc id="20904592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904592" title="Ganga Bhavani">
Ganga Bhavani

Ganga Bhavani is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by T. Prakash Rao and starring Gummadi. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904593" title="Tony Reading">
Tony Reading

Tony Reading was a British art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Ragtime".

</doc>
<doc id="20904594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904594" title="Ghar Ki Laaj">
Ghar Ki Laaj

Ghar Ki Laaj is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by B. R. Ishara. The film stars Moushumi Chatterjee. The film had lyrics and music by Ravindra Jain. The film was an above-average grosser at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="20904597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904597" title="Gopal Krishna">
Gopal Krishna

Gopal Krishna is a 1979 Bollywood fantasy film directed by Vijay Sharma.

</doc>
<doc id="20904600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904600" title="Griha Pravesh">
Griha Pravesh

Griha Pravesh is a 1979 Bollywood drama film directed by Basu Bhattacharya. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar, Sharmila Tagore and Sarika. The film was the last of Basu Battacharya's introspective trilogy on marital discord in an urban setting, which included "Anubhav" (1971), "Avishkaar" (1973).

</doc>
<doc id="20904605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904605" title="Har Har Gange">
Har Har Gange

Har Har Gange is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Babubhai Mistri. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904609" title="Heera-Moti">
Heera-Moti

Heera-Moti is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Chand and produced by Ratan Mohan. It stars Shatrughan Sinha and Reena Roy. 
Soundtrack.
Heera Moti Had music by o.p.nayyar & Lyrics by Ahmed Wasi

</doc>
<doc id="20904611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904611" title="Charlie Ernst">
Charlie Ernst

Charlie Ernst was a U.S. soccer forward who led the American Soccer League in scoring in 1937 and 1940.
In 1936, Ernst signed with Baltimore S.C. in the American Soccer League. He promptly led the league in scoring with 25 goals. He played with Baltimore S.C. through at least 1940 when he led the league in scoring again, with 24 goals this time. That year, Baltimore shared the 1940 National Challenge Cup title with Chicago Sparta after the teams played to two consecutive ties. Ernst scored in the second game. He later moved to the Baltimore Americans. In 1946, he left the Americans to rejoin Baltimore SC which had faded badly in the intervening years. Despite Ernst’s presence, the team finished the league at the bottom of the standings. He retired at the end of the 1947-1948 season.
He was inducted into the Maryland Soccer Hall of Fame in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20904612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904612" title="Hum Tere Aashiq Hain">
Hum Tere Aashiq Hain

Hum Tere Aashiq Hain is a 1979 Bollywood film produced and directed by Prem Sagar. It stars Jeetendra and Hema Malini in pivotal roles. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904616" title="Jaan-e-Bahaar">
Jaan-e-Bahaar

Jaan-e-Bahaar is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Prakash Kapoor. Playback is by Mohammad Rafi.

</doc>
<doc id="20904617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904617" title="Jaandaar">
Jaandaar

Jaandaar is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by S.K. Lutha. The film stars Vinod Mehra and Nirupa Roy . 

</doc>
<doc id="20904621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904621" title="Janta Hawaldar">
Janta Hawaldar

Janata Havaldar is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Mehmood. 
Popular Songs of the film.
1. Hum se ka bhool huyi sung by Anwar
2. teri ankho ki chahat mein
3. Hum se kya bhool hui sung by anwar

</doc>
<doc id="20904622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904622" title="Jeena Yahan">
Jeena Yahan

Jeena Yahan is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Basu Chatterjee.
Produced by N.P Ali/Jamu Pictures

</doc>
<doc id="20904625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904625" title="Jhoota Kahin Ka">
Jhoota Kahin Ka

Jhoota Kahin Ka is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Ravi Tandon. It stars Rishi Kapoor and Neetu Singh in pivotal roles.
Plot.
The Rai family consists of four: father, mother, Shanti, and two sons, Ajay and Vijay. While traveling on a ship, they run into a severe storm, which leads to the ship capsizing, and the family getting separated. While Ajay and his mother are together, Rai is separate, and so is Vijay. Wealthy Jagatnarain Khanna rescues Rai,takes him home, ensures that he is treated well, and makes him a business partner. Years later, the Rai sons have grown up. Ajay is a lowly motor mechanic working in Pinto's Garage, but has big dreams, and a dual life as a Casanova, who is a liar, a conman, who dreams of making it big with a wealthy woman named Sheetal Khanna. Then there is Vijay, who is now known as Vikram, who works for Sheetal Khanna, and hopes to marry her one day, but has an affair with a gorgeous woman named Mala. When Mala gets pregnant, Vikram refuses to marry her, and an argument ensues. Shortly thereafter Mala is killed, and Vikram is being blackmailed by a man named Prem, who claims he saw Vikram kill her. When Vikram and Prem find out that Sheetal may marry Ajay, they get together and plot against him - and Ajay's lies, and a dual life, make it easy for them to frame him.
One of great movie released in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20904630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904630" title="Lok Parlok">
Lok Parlok

Lok Parlok is a 1979 Bollywood action film directed by Rama Rao Tatineni. It is remake of the blockbuster Telugu film "Yamagola" (1977), which also starred Jayaprada.

</doc>
<doc id="20904632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904632" title="Love in Canada">
Love in Canada

Love in Canada is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by S. Ramanathan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904636" title="Maan Apmaan">
Maan Apmaan

Maan Apmaan is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by N.V. Deshpande. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904637" title="Magroor">
Magroor

Magroor is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Brij. It stars Shatrughan Sinha and Vidya Sinha.

</doc>
<doc id="20904642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904642" title="Meri Biwi Ki Shaadi">
Meri Biwi Ki Shaadi

Meri Biwi Ki Shaadi is a 1979 Bollywood comedy film directed by Rajat Rakshit.
Plot.
When he experiences chest pains, hopeless hypochondriac Bhagwant checks into the hospital for a checkup and overhears his doctor discussing the diagnosis of a terminally ill patient with an associate. Assuming he is the one scheduled to die, he asks his friend to help him find a new husband for his wife Priya so he'll know she won't be alone once he's gone. He locates Priya's old college beau Fernandes. Meanwhile, Priya mistakes her husband's machinations for an attempt to cover up an extramarital affair and throws him out of the house.

</doc>
<doc id="20904645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904645" title="Nagin Aur Suhagin">
Nagin Aur Suhagin

Nagin Aur Suhagin is a 1979 Bollywood adventure film directed by Shantilal Soni. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904651" title="Morkulangara Devi Temple">
Morkulangara Devi Temple

The Morkulangara Devi Temple is a famous Hindu temple in the Kottayam District of Kerala. The main deity is Bhagavathy. The prime feature of this temple is the deity having a height of more than 6 feet. It is believed that the Devi in Morkulangara temple placed in this place after killing the demon Darika.
Overview.
The temple is very famous among devotees. The tall palm tree just in front of the temple sanctum sanctorum facing the Devi Idol is very attractive. Meena Bharani festival in March-April is the main festival here. It is celebrated on the Bharani star in the month of Meenam (March 15- April14). Devotees throngs to the temple for the three day festival.
The temple pond is famous and it is in this place the Lord Shiva Idol from Major Vazhappally Shiva Temple dips fro Aarattu during the 10 day festival of Shiva temple. The Procession from the Shiva temple reaches Morkulangara temple and Aarattu is performed with great devotion.
The temple is administered by Travancore Devaswom Board.
The important days in which devotees flock to the Morkulangara Devi Temple are Tuesday and Friday.
Geographical location.
The Morkulangara Devi Temple is located in Changanassery taluk in Kottayam District. It is just 15 km away from District headquarters and just 2 km away from Changanaseery Municipal junction.
How to reach.
The nearest Airport is Nedumbassery International Airport near Ernakualam. It is at a distance of about 100 km from the temple.
The nearest railhead is Changanassery and temple is just 1 km away from the station.
The nearest busstop for KSRTC buses is Mathumoola in Changanassery, which is just 750m away from the temple. Cars and Auto rickshaws are frequently available from Changanassery and Kottayam.
Darshan Time: Morning 5 am to 10 pm and Evening 5 pm to 8 pm.
References.
Folk stories about the Morkulangara Devi Temple
www.mustseeindia.com

</doc>
<doc id="20904652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904652" title="Prem Vivah">
Prem Vivah

Prem Vivah is a 1979 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Basu Chatterjee and produced by Ramraj Nahta, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Bindiya Goswami, Utpal Dutt and Asha Parekh
Plot.
Asha Parekh plays an unmarried woman in her 30s, past what society considered the marriageable age. Her younger sister played by Bindiya Goswami has a fiancee Mithun Chakraborty. She feels guilty that she is about to have a happy married life, while her older sister will be all alone. She sets out to find a husband for her. When she sees her sister admire Utpal Dutt on television, she brings him into their lives. Unfortunately, Utpal Dutt falls for Bindiya Goswami and isn't aware that Asha Parekh has fallen in love with him. How Bindiya untangles herself from this situation and gets Utpal Dutt and Asha Parekh together forms the rest of the story.

</doc>
<doc id="20904653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904653" title="Raadha Aur Seeta">
Raadha Aur Seeta

Raadha Aur Seeta is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Vijay Kapoor. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904654" title="Raakhi Ki Saugandh">
Raakhi Ki Saugandh

Raakhi Ki Saugandh is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Shibu Mitra.

</doc>
<doc id="20904657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904657" title="Saanch Ko Aanch Nahin">
Saanch Ko Aanch Nahin

Saanch Ko Aanch Nahin (alternative: Truth Needs No Support) is a 1979 Bollywood drama film directed by Satyen Bose. This film was inspired by a story, Panch Parmeshwar, written by the famous writer Premchand. The film was produced by Tarachand Barjatya. The film stars Arun Govil, Om Shivpuri, Urmila Bhatt, and also marked the debut of actress Madhu Kapoor.
Plot.
Manoharlal Agarwal (played by Om Shivpuri) and Satyaprakash Agarwal (played by Arvind Deshpande) are wealthy businessmen and close friends. Manoharlal enters in a dispute with Hariram and to solve this he asks his friend Satyaprakash to be the sole arbitrator. To bond their friendship more, Manoharlal proposes to wed his daughter Nirmala (played by Madhu Kapoor) with Satyaprakash's son Ajay (played by Arun Govil). He also proposes this in order to get favour from Satyaprakash in his case.
Given the acceptances from both the families, Nirmala and Ajay keep meeting each other and soon fall in love. They are also engaged. But as the events in the case turn out, Satyaprakash gives his decision in favour of Hariram. This agitates Manoharlal and in vengeance he decides to break off the wedding. With his power of money he also gets himself appointed as a sole arbitrator in one of the cases involving Satyaprakash. He then decides to rule against Satyaprakash and ruin him financially. Nirmala is also made to marry another man Murli. But just before the wedding, she decides to elope with Ajay. Seeing that her daughter has departed, Nirmala's mother goes in shock and falls critically ill. Hence Ajay brings back Nirmala so that her mother can feel better.
In the case, Manoharlal sees how Satyaprakash is really innocent. Hence with all truth in front of him he is unable to give false verdit just for the sake of his vengeance. He thus realises in what situation Satyaprakash had been when he ruled and realises how truth needs no support and always wins. They both patch up their animosity and the two lovers, Nirmala and Ajay, also get married.
Music.
The songs of the film are composed by the musical duo Raam Laxman on lyrics penned by Kulwant Jani and Ravindra Rawal
Reception.
The film was a modest success. "Film World" wrote ""Saanch Ko Aanch Nahin" is no patch on the earlier hit pictures of Rajshri, like "Dulhan Wahi..."".
Madhu has said of her appearance in the film and several others in the 1980s, "I made mistakes and signed some wrong movies" and blamed it on why her career never took off.

</doc>
<doc id="20904660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904660" title="Salaam Memsaab">
Salaam Memsaab

Salaam Memsaab is a 1979 Bollywood comedy-drama film directed by G. Asrani. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904663" title="Sampark">
Sampark

Sampark is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Inder Sen. The film stars Madhu Kapoor, Girish Karnad and Mazhar Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="20904667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904667" title="Sarkari Mehmaan">
Sarkari Mehmaan

Sarkari Mehmaan is a 1979 Bollywood crime film drama directed by N.D. Kothari. The film stars Vinod Khanna and Jasmin in lead roles.
Plot.
Police inspector Anand is very honest, he is known for his honesty, diligence and bravery. He single handedly captures and arrests notorious smuggler and criminal Jack Ranjit, who is sentenced to several years of jail. Anand Vinod Khanna in disguise, also captures gangster Gulkhan Amjad Khan, who is also sentenced to a long term in jail. Anand's wife Rekha is not very honest and trustworthy and has an affair with another man named Somesh. There are a lot of fights and arguments between husband and wife and Anand threatens to kill her. He starts following his wife hoping to catch her and Somesh redhanded. Shortly after that Rekha and Somesh are found dead and Anand is arrested for their murder though he has not killed them. To prove his innocence and to find the real murderers he escapes from jail and surprisingly comes back face to face with his foes. Ultimately he is proved innocent and the real murderer is arrested.

</doc>
<doc id="20904668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904668" title="Kenji Kazama">
Kenji Kazama

Kenji Kazama is a Japanese martial artist. He played the henchman Spider who fought Fred Williamson in the 1973 action film "That Man Bolt" and he played Yokohama a mean and brutal Japanese official who fought Jhoon Rhee in the 1973 martial arts classic "When Taekwondo Strikes". In 1974 he played the part of Senkaku Kan in the Sonny Chiba cult classic "The Street Fighter". In 1976 he had the lead role in a film called "Karate From Shaolin Temple" that also featured Henry Yu Yung, Fung Ngai, Henry Yu Yung and Bill Lake.
He also served as kick boxing director in "The Street Fighter" and its sequel "Street Fighter 2" aka "Return of the Street Fighter" and another Sonny Chiba film in 1979, "Revenge! The Killing Fist" aka "The Street Fighter's Last Revenge".
Film Work.
Actor
Miscellaneous Crew

</doc>
<doc id="20904670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904670" title="Shaayad">
Shaayad

Shaayad is a 1979 Bollywood film starring Neeta Mehta, Vijayendra Ghatge, Om Puri and Naseeruddin Shah.

</doc>
<doc id="20904671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904671" title="Shabhash Daddy">
Shabhash Daddy

Shabhash Daddy is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Kishore Kumar. 

</doc>
<doc id="20904677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904677" title="Jōshō-ji">
Jōshō-ji

History.
This temple and the other Rokushō-ji establishments had a particular function within the Imperial . The Rokushō-ji were "sacred vow temples" ("gogan-ji") built by imperial command following a precedent established by Emperor Shirakawa's 
Hosshō-ji. Although these temple complexes were ostensibly established for a presumptively pious purpose,
The Rokushō-ji were also called the six "Superiority Temples;" and each were uniquely dedicated to an aspect of esoteric Buddhist ontology, as in 

</doc>
<doc id="20904678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904678" title="Shikshaa">
Shikshaa

Shikshaa is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Shri Ramanathan and starring Raj Kiran and Sushma Verma.
Soundtrack.
Music composed by Bappi Lahiri for lyrics by Gauhar Kanpuri.

</doc>
<doc id="20904680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904680" title="Shodh">
Shodh

Shodh is a 1979 Bollywood ghost movie directed by Biplab Roy Chowdhury, based on the Bengali book "Gorom Bhat O Nichhok Bhooter Goppo" (Steaming Rice and a Ghost Story) by Sunil Gangopadhyay. 
Plot.
Surendra (Om Puri), having been exiled from his village in youth and established himself in the city, comes back to the news of his father's demise, reportedly at the hands of a phantom. He announces a prize for anyone who succeeds in showing him a ghost, which attracts the greed of the poor hungry peasants, resulting in the accusations of innocent people as haunted and even murders with the hope of producing a ghost.
Cast.
Surendra - Om Puri

</doc>
<doc id="20904682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904682" title="Solva Sawan">
Solva Sawan

Solva Sawan is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Bharathi Rajaa. Music by Jayadev Verma and cinematography by P. S. Nivas. 
Cast.
The film marks the debut of actress Sridevi in Hindi films the film also stars Amol Palekar, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Madhukar and Dina Pathak. It is a remake of the Tamil hit 16 Vayathinile (Padhinaaru Vayathinile)(1977) which starred Kamal Hassan and Sridevi. The movie was also remade in Telugu, again starring Sridevi as 16 Vayasu or Padaharella Vayasu (1978).
Plot.
Solva Saawan is a 1979 Hindi-language film, directed by Bharathi Rajaa, starring Sridevi and Amol Palekar. Madhukar and Dina Pathak also star. The film score was composed by Jai Dev. In her debut role as a heroine, Sridevi (herself 16 when the film was shot) plays the 16-year-old Mehna. 
This film involves a young, beautiful 16-year-old girl, Mehna, filled with ambitions of becoming a teacher. She is an attractive, intelligent woman living in the small society and experiences ripe love when sees the new vet who has come to visit. Many are impressed by this charming young fellow who has entered the village. He seems to be a wealthy, prosperous man and soon develops a relationship with Mehna. Mehna, who is deep in love, sacrifices her opportunity to study in the teaching college course to spend time with him. Little does she know, that he has not yet revealed his true colours when he leaves her and retires from the village when she refuses to commit to him.
Sri Devi's distant cousin played by Amol Palekar is mentally retarded, and because he is lame, he is taken advantage of and isolated by the society. He is secretly in love with Mehna, and when he sees her in love with the vet, he is jealous and upset. After being shunned by the vet, Mehna has a new perspective on life and begins to accept Amol Palekar's character, encouraging him to defend himself against those who constantly mock him. But when an evil, rowdy, villager, played by Kulbhushan Kharbanda, attempts to rape Mehna, Palekar's character kills him by throwing a brick at his head. Palekar's character is arrested for murder, and the film concludes with Sridevi waiting at a train station for his return. Her life is impacted by all three men in different way.
Reception.
The film, a remake of the South Indian hit Pathinaru Vayathinile filmed two years earlier with Kamal Hassan and Rajnikanth.The original was a blockbuster hit while the remake bombed at box office.
Soundtrack.
The film features the song ‘Pi Kahan’.

</doc>
<doc id="20904684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904684" title="George DeTitta, Sr.">
George DeTitta, Sr.

George DeTitta, Sr. was an American set decorator. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Ragtime".

</doc>
<doc id="20904686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904686" title="Sunayana">
Sunayana

Sunayana is a 1979 Bollywood comedy film directed by Hiren Nag.
Soundtrack.
Soundtrack for this film has been composed and written by Ravindra Jain.

</doc>
<doc id="20904707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904707" title="Bruce E. Dale">
Bruce E. Dale

Bruce E. Dale is a professor of Chemical Engineering at Michigan State University. He specializes in studies of renewable energy sources, and is currently working on creating methods of turning grass into ethanol for use as fuel.
Dale received his bachelors and masters degrees from the University of Arizona and his Ph.D. from Purdue University.
Dale is a convert to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). He served as a missionary for the church in the Mexico West Mission. He has been a bishop and Sunday School teacher in the LDS Church. From 1999 to 2008 Dale served as stake president of the Lansing Michigan Stake.
Prior to joining the faculty of MSU, Dale was a professor at Colorado State University and Texas A&M University.
In July, 2009 Dale and George W. Huber co-authored the front page article for "Scientific American" about the potential of organic food, specifically non-edible organic fuels.

</doc>
