<doc id="20854580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854580" title="Without (The X-Files)">
Without (The X-Files)

"Without" is the second episode of the eighth season of the science fiction television series "The X-Files". The episode first aired in the United States and Canada on November 12, 2000 on Fox and subsequently aired in the United Kingdom on February 18, 2001. It was written by executive producer Chris Carter and directed by Kim Manners. The episode helps to explore the series' overarching mythology and continues from the seventh season finale, "Requiem", and season eight premiere, "Within", in which Fox Mulder was abducted by aliens who are planning to colonize Earth. The episode earned a Nielsen rating of 9.0 in the United States and was seen by 15.1 million viewers. As with the previous episode, "Within," it was generally well received by critics, although some detractors criticized various plot points.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files. In the episode, John Doggett (Robert Patrick) continues his search for Mulder, and attempts to uncover an alien bounty hunter within their ranks. After the task force is called off, Scully is surprised to learn that Doggett, the leader of the team, has been assigned to the X-Files.
"Without" heavily featured elements of Mulder's abduction by aliens, and as such, new sets were designed to create the alien ship Mulder was imprisoned in. The production crew of "The X-Files" designed the set in a decidedly "low-tech" and "interesting" manner. In addition, unusual filming techniques were used, such as special lenses and motion control, in order to achieve the desired footage.
Plot.
Background.
FBI special agent Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) is currently missing, having been abducted by aliens in the seventh season finale, "Requiem." His partner Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) has been working with Agent John Doggett (Robert Patrick) in order to locate him. After consulting with The Lone Gunmen, a trio of conspiracy theorists made up of John Byers (Bruce Harwood), Melvin Frohike (Tom Braidwood) and Richard Langly (Dean Haglund), Scully finds evidence that Mulder may be in Arizona. Doggett receives news that Gibson Praise (Jeff Gulka), a boy with potentially extraterrestrial DNA, may be in hiding in Arizona as well. The two, along with Walter Skinner (Mitch Pileggi) and a task force of FBI agents arrive and, after searching, find Mulder and Praise on the corner of a mountain.
Events.
As the episode begins, Mulder and Gibson Praise are cornered at the edge of a mountain by pursuing agent John Doggett. Suddenly, Mulder walks off the edge of the cliff and appears to fall to his death; however, when the FBI agents are sent down to retrieve his body, they find that it has disappeared. Dana Scully realizes that what appeared to be her partner was actually an Alien Bounty Hunter sent to retrieve Praise. The Bounty Hunter, who has returned to the school, continues his search for Praise. Meanwhile, Scully follows a girl (Christine Firkins) she had previously observed to be Praise's friend throughout the desert until she is able to locate him. After Doggett explains the events on the clifftop to Alvin Kersh, Walter Skinner tells him that Kersh is setting him up to fail. Shortly afterwards, the Bounty Hunter (now disguised as agent Scully) attacks Agent Landau. Skinner and the real Scully eventually manage to drive the alien away.
After Skinner and Scully find and retrieve Praise, Skinner takes him to the nearest hospital, where his friend Thea visits him, closing the door behind her. In search for Mulder in the desert, Scully sees a bright light in the sky which she thinks is a spaceship, but is later revealed to be a helicopter. The helicopter lands and Doggett insists Scully travel with him to the hospital; she reluctantly accepts. At the hospital, two other FBI agents assure the two agents that nothing has happened to Praise; however, they soon discover that he has vanished. Scully leaves to search for Praise, while Doggett stays in an attempt to catch the intruder. He checks the ceiling space, where he finds Skinner badly injured. Meanwhile, Scully finds Praise, along with Skinner, who claims to be protecting the boy. Skinner, who is actually the Alien Bounty Hunter, attempts to kill her but Scully grabs her gun and shoots him in the neck, killing the Bounty Hunter. After Doggett reports the case to Kersh, he is assigned to the X-File division with Scully. The episode ends showing Mulder still held in captivity.
Production.
Fox Mulder's abduction was devised by Chris Carter towards the end of seventh season as a way of allowing the actor to leave the series. Duchovny fulfilled his contractual obligations after the seventh season and felt that there was not much else to do with the character following the previous seven years.
Production designer Cory Kaplan explains how she was attracted to the idea of using primitive materials when she states, "We all see super-tech now, but the idea of low-tech was much more interesting to me, much more visual. So you take elements of rock and steel and chisel them interesting shapes." She also describes the creation of the set by stating, "I found the backdrop from "Alien", and Bill Roe lit it very dimly and put it behind. And it was just this rotating platform with this humongous dental piece that could rotate around as well and pull his face apart." According to Makeup Supervisor Cheri Montasanto-Medcalf, Matthew Mungle helped in the creation of the alien torture machine by making the cheeks and putting the hooks in. The makeup supervisor adds that the hooks would actually stretch out and that David Duchovny "sat pretty good through all that."
Unusual filming techniques were also used. Visual Effects Supervisor John Wash recalls, "We devised a laser effect where a device is going into his mouth and some other weird lens effects that were going over the scene to give it an alien, other-world-like quality." On the subject of using not only a challengingly minuscule method of filming but also additional sound effects, supervising producer Paul Rabwin recounts, "I had to set up a very, very highly magnified lens to try to get this little device coming right at us. It was very, very scary. We ended up putting some really cool sound effects in there, little servos and motors."
The sequence in which multiple Alien Bounty Hunters appear involved the use of motion control, a method in which a motion-control camera on a computerized module is repeatedly run through the same motion while elements are continually added. The shot, according to John Wash, was one of the few times in the series in which the production crew was able to use motion control and therefore presented a slight challenge. In the filming of the sequence, both a blank plate, for just the set, and lighting elements, that were in the set, were shot before the production crew filmed five different passes, each one with the Alien Bounty Hunter in a different position. The production crew were finally able to clone the Bounty Hunter by blending all the passes together.
Reception.
"Without" premiered on American television on November 12, 2000 on Fox. The earned a Nielsen household rating of 9.0, meaning that it was seen by 9.0% of the nation's estimated households, and was viewed by 9.07 million households, and 15.1 million viewers. Fox promoted the episode with the tagline "Once in a great while a story takes a turn that you never expect... Tonight this is one of them." The episode was later included on "The X-Files Mythology, Volume 3 – Colonization", a DVD collection that contains episodes involved with the alien Colonist's plans to take over the earth.
The episode was met with relatively positive reviews from critics. Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book "Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen", rated the episode five stars out of five. The two praised the episode's plot, citing the abduction and search for Mulder as components to the arcs "brilliance". Shearman and Pearson noted that the final scene, featuring Mulder surrounded by the alien bounty hunter was created with "beauty, emotion, and horror which in collision make "The X-Files" one of the best shows on TV."
Zack Handlen of "The A.V. Club" wrote that both "Without" and "Within" form "a great way to pick up after the cliffhanger ending of the previous season" and that "the pair of episodes [...] work well as an introduction to the new narrative status quo." He warded both entries a "B+" but noted, however, that "Without" nearly came across as "strained or stalling", but "manages to get by with the general freakiness of the alien bounty hunter". Jessica Morgan from Television Without Pity gave the episode a rare "A+". The previous episode, "Within", also received an "A+" grade, making them the only two episodes of "The X-Files" to receive this rating from the site.
Ken Tucker from "Entertainment Weekly" was positive towards both this episode and the season premiere, "Within," awarding the episodes an "A-". George Avalos and Michael Liedtke from the "Contra Costa Times" praised the episode and noted that the Scully/Dogget dynamic and the hunt for Fox Mulder worked towards the show's strengths. Tom Janulewicz from Space.com positively commented on Scully's conversion from skeptic to believer, writing, "Regardless of whether it's aliens, flukemen, or pizza delivering vampires, "The X-Files" is all about phenomena that don't stand in the face of 'rational' explanations. It took her a long time, but like Mulder before her, Scully eventually came to accept that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in her philosophy."
Not all reviews were positive. Paula Vitaris from "Cinefantastique" gave the episode a more mixed review and awarded it two stars out of four. Vitaris criticized both Scully becoming the believer as well as the "sky turning out to be a helicopter gimmick", which she notes "has gotten way too old." Tom Kessenich, in his book "Examinations" wrote a relatively negative review of the episode. He noted, "All ['Without'] did was remind me why the show is a hollow shell of what it once was as long as Fox Mulder is strapped to an alien table and why "The Doggett and Pony Show" holds absolutely no appeal to me whatsoever."

</doc>
<doc id="20854585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854585" title="Direct repeat">
Direct repeat

Direct repeats are a type of genetic sequence that consists of two or more repeats of a specific sequence.
Direct repeats are nucleotide sequences present in multiple copies in the genome. There are several types of repeated sequences. Interspersed (or dispersed) DNA repeats (interspersed repetitive sequences) are copies of transposable elements interspersed throughout the genome. Flanking (or terminal) repeats (terminal repeat sequences) are sequences that are repeated on both ends of a sequence, for example, the Long terminal repeats (LTRs) on retroviruses. Direct terminal repeats are in the same direction and inverted terminal repeats are opposite to each other in direction. Tandem repeats (tandem repeat sequences) are repeated copies which lie adjacent to each other. These can also be direct or inverted repeats. The ribosomal RNA and transfer RNA genes belong to the class of middle repetitive DNA.

</doc>
<doc id="20854600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854600" title="Jardin exotique du Fort Napoléon">
Jardin exotique du Fort Napoléon

The Jardin exotique du Fort Napoléon is a botanical garden specializing in succulents. It is located on the grounds of Fort Napoléon at 120 m altitude above Terre-de-Haut, Îles des Saintes, and is open daily.
Fort Napoléon was first erected in 1777 as Fort Louis, destroyed by the British in 1809, rebuilt from 1844, and given its present name during the reign of Napoleon III of France. Today's exotic garden was created in 1984 and paired with the Jardin Exotique de Monaco in 1986, with whom it began plant exchanges in 1987.
Today the garden contains a collection of local plants and other succulents including Agavaceae, Cactaceae, succulent Euphorbia, and Liliaceae. Of particular interest are its collections of rare and endangered Cactaceae, including "Mammillaria nivosa", "Melocactus intortus", "Opuntia dillenii", "Opuntia rubescens", "Opuntia triacantha", "Opuntia tuna", "Pereskia aculeata", "Pilosocereus nobilis", and "Selenicereus grandiflorus".

</doc>
<doc id="20854602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854602" title="Virginia Leith">
Virginia Leith

Virginia Leith (born October 15, 1932) is an American film and television actress. 
Born in Cleveland, Ohio, she starred in a few films, with her most productive period coming in the 1950s.
Leith signed a contract with 20th Century-Fox in 1954. She left show business following her 1960 marriage to actor Donald Harron. After her divorce from Herron, in the 1970s Leith renewed her career and appeared in a few films and on television shows, including "Starsky and Hutch", "Barnaby Jones", and "Baretta". She left the screen again in the early 1980s.
Probably her most recognizable role is that of a decapitated woman whose head is kept alive in "The Brain that Wouldn't Die".
Personal life.
She was involved with actor Jeffrey Hunter during his divorce in 1955. She dated actor Marlon Brando in 1956.
Virginia Leith resided for approximately a year in Cresskill, New Jersey around 1953-54.

</doc>
<doc id="20854608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854608" title="Pomier Charterhouse">
Pomier Charterhouse

Pomier Charterhouse ("Chartreuse de Pomier") was a Carthusian monastery in Pomier, Présilly near Annecy, Haute-Savoie, in France, close to the Swiss border. It is situated on the foot of the Salève, and on the Way of St. James.
History.
The charterhouse was founded in 1170 by William I, Count of Geneva, and was subsequently used as a place of burial by a number of Counts of Geneva and Vaud. It was visited by the Emperors Sigismund and Charles IV, who put it under Imperial protection. In the course of its history it had 91 priors.
In 1793 it was pillaged during the French Revolution, and the religious structures ruined; the site was sold off into private ownership. At various times it was used for the production of pottery and as a brewery, before being put to agricultural uses. In 1894, Jérémie Girod bought the site from the then owner, the Baron de Drée, and from the ruins was able to restore the main building for use as an hotel, which under the name "Hôtel Pension Abbaye de Pomier" remained in business till 1991. The present and newly restored "Chartreuse de Pomier", consisting of the cellars, and the chapter rooms on the ground floor, is now an event and conference venue.
References.
Jacquet, Abel, 1980: "Sur le versant du Salève. La Chartreuse de Pomier. D'après le manuscrit d'André Folliet". (Mémoires et documents, 89). Annecy: Académie salésienne

</doc>
<doc id="20854611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854611" title="Madrid Open">
Madrid Open

There are three sporting events known as the Madrid Open:

</doc>
<doc id="20854618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854618" title="Ewartia">
Ewartia

Ewartia is a genus of daisies that is in New Zealand and Australia. It is named after a 20th-century botanist and plant collector named Alfred James Ewart.
The species in this genus are:

</doc>
<doc id="20854628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854628" title="Gabriel Larraín Valdivieso">
Gabriel Larraín Valdivieso

Gabriel Larraín Valdivieso (January 26, 1925 – December 20, 2008) was a Chilean Bishop for the Roman Catholic Church. Larraín Valdivieso was of Basque descent.
Biography.
In 1950 Valdivieso was Ordained as a Priest at the age of 25. On September 12, 1966 he was appointed as Bishop of Santiago de Chile, Chile. He was also appointed as Titular Bishop of Theudalis. He resigned as Bishop of Santiago de Chile in 1968. He resigned as Titular Bishop in 1975, he was succeeded by Guillermo Leaden, one of oldest Bishop's in the Roman Catholic Church. 
He died on December 20, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20854632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854632" title="John Oldham">
John Oldham

John Oldham may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20854642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854642" title="Edward Lyttelton">
Edward Lyttelton

Rev. Hon. Edward Lyttelton (23 July 1855 – 26 January 1942) was an English sportsman, schoolmaster and cleric. He played first-class cricket for Cambridge University and Middlesex as well as representing the England national football team.
Life.
Lyttelton was educated at Eton College followed by Trinity College, Cambridge. At Cambridge, he was a member and club librarian of the University Pitt Club.
He came from a sporting family, with five brothers playing first-class cricket, Alfred, Charles, George, Arthur ("Right") and Robert. His father, George Lyttelton, 4th Baron Lyttelton, was a British aristocrat and Tory politician. His brother-in-law, Cyril Alington, was a scholar who later wrote a book called "Edward Lyttelton: An Appreciation".
From 1880 to 1892, Lyttelton worked as the Assistant Master at Wellington College, during which time he was ordained. He was appointed Headmaster of Haileybury College in 1890, where he remained until 1905. Lyttelton was a canon of St Albans Cathedral from 1895 to 1905 and of Norwich in 1931. Between 1905 and 1916 he was the Headmaster of Eton College.
A right-handed middle order batsman, Lyttelton had his best season in 1878 when he amassed 779 runs at 29.96, helping Middlesex to finish as joint Champions. He scored his only first-class hundred that year, an innings of 113 which he made while playing for Middlesex against the touring Australian side, at Lord's. His century stood out as it occurred in the fourth innings, was double the next highest score in the match by either team (56) and was made despite Middlesex being bowled out for just 185. According to Wisden, Lyttelton's last 76 runs came in only 74 minutes. In the same season, Lyttelton took the only wicket of his first-class career, Yorkshire opening batsman George Ulyett, who also batted for England. He dismissed him, caught and bowled, in a match for Cambridge University against Yorkshire. Aside from Cambridge University and Middlesex he also represented the Gentlemen cricket team, I Zingari, Marylebone Cricket Club and the South of England cricket team.
Lyttelton's only full football international came in a 7–2 defeat by Scotland on 2 March 1878. Another significant achievement in the sport was playing in the 1876 FA Cup Final with the Old Etonians F.C., as a defender, which they lost to the Wanderers on a replay. When picked for England he had been representing Cambridge University.

</doc>
<doc id="20854645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854645" title="British Empire in World War II">
British Empire in World War II

When Britain declared war on Nazi Germany at the outset of World War II, it was in possession of a large empire of territories that had achieved varying degrees of independence. The assistance provided by the British Empire to Britain in terms of manpower and material was critical to the war effort, but it proved impossible to defend itself against simultaneous attacks by the Axis Powers. Britain turned to the United States for support in prosecuting the war and defence of the Empire. Although Britain and the Empire emerged from the war as victors, and captured territories were returned to British rule, the costs of the war and the nationalist fervour that it had stoked meant that it was a catalyst for the hi
d decolonization which took place in the following decades.
Pre-war plans for imperial defence.
During the 1930s, a triple threat emerged for Britain and the Empire in the form of right-wing, militaristic governments in Germany, Italy and Japan. Germany threatened the British mainland itself, while Italy and Japan's imperial ambitions looked set to clash with British imperial presence in the Mediterranean and Far East respectively. However, there were differences of opinion within Britain and the Dominions as to which posed the most serious threat, and whether any attack would come from more than one power at the same time.
Defence of the Empire in the Far East and Australasia had centred around the "Singapore strategy" since 1923. This made the assumption that Britain could send a fleet to its naval base in Singapore within two or three days of a Japanese attack, while relying on France to help defend the Mediterranean against Italy and to provide assistance in Asia via its colony in Indochina.
Declaration of war against Germany.
The British declaration of war on Germany on 1 September 1939 automatically committed the British Raj, the Crown colonies and the protectorates, but the 1931 Statute of Westminster had granted autonomy to the Dominions so each decided their course separately. Australian Prime Minister Robert Menzies immediately joined the British declaration, believing that it applied to all subjects of the Empire. New Zealand's Prime Minister Michael Joseph Savage followed suit within a few hours, having consulted his Cabinet. South Africa took three days to make its decision, as the Prime Minister General J. B. M. Hertzog favoured neutrality but was defeated by the pro-war vote in the Union Parliament, led by General Jan Smuts, who then replaced Hertzog. Canadian Prime Minister Mackenzie King declared support for Britain on the day of the British declaration, but also stated that it was for Parliament to make the formal declaration, which it did so one week later. Ireland, however, remained neutral.
Initially the contribution of the Empire to the fighting in Europe came in the form of manpower, food supplies and training. Australia, New Zealand and South Africa provided troops for the defence of Egypt, where British troops were outnumbered four to one by the Italian armies in Libya and Ethiopia. The "British Empire Air Training Scheme" was established, consisting of a series of flight schools in Canada, Southern Rhodesia, Australia and New Zealand. Some volunteers from the Dominions flew with the Royal Air Force during the Battle of Britain in 1940.
Crisis in the Mediterranean.
In June 1940, France surrendered to invading German forces, and Italy joined the war on the Axis side, causing a reversal of the Singapore strategy. Winston Churchill, who had replaced Neville Chamberlain as British Prime Minister the previous month, ordered that the Middle East and the Mediterranean were of a higher priority than the Far East to defend. Australia and New Zealand were told by telegram that they should turn to the United States for help in defending their homeland should Japan attack:
Commonwealth forces played a major role in North and East Africa following Italy's entry to the war, participating in the invasion of Italian Libya and Somaliland, but were forced to retreat after Churchill diverted resources to Greece and Crete.
Fall of Singapore.
The Battle of Singapore was fought in the South-East Asian theatre of World War II when the Empire of Japan invaded the Allied stronghold of Singapore. Singapore was the major British military base in South East Asia and nicknamed the "Gibraltar of the East". The fighting in Singapore lasted from 31 January 1942 to 15 February 1942.
It resulted in the fall of Singapore to the Japanese, and the largest surrender of British-led military personnel in history. About 80,000 British, Australian and Indian troops Suff became prisoners of war, joining 50,000 taken by the Japanese in the Malayan campaign. Britain's Prime Minister Winston Churchill called the ignominious fall of Singapore to the Japanese the "worst disaster" and "largest capitulation" in British history.
Victory.
On 8 May 1945, the World War II Allies formally accepted the unconditional surrender of the armed forces of Nazi Germany and the end of Adolf Hitler's Third Reich. The formal surrender of the occupying German forces in the Channel Islands was not until 9 May 1945. On 30 April Hitler committed suicide during the Battle of Berlin, and so the surrender of Germany was authorized by his replacement, President of Germany Karl Dönitz. The "act of military surrender" was signed on 7 May in Reims, France, and ratified on 8 May in Berlin, Germany.
In the afternoon of 15 August 1945, the Surrender of Japan occurred, effectively ending World War II. On this day the initial announcement of Japan's surrender was made in Japan, and because of time zone differences it was announced in the United States, Western Europe, the Americas, the Pacific Islands, and Australia/New Zealand on 14 August 1945. The signing of the surrender document occurred on 2 September 1945.
Aftermath.
World War II confirmed that Britain was no longer the great power it had once been, and that it had been surpassed by the United States on the world stage. Canada, Australia and New Zealand moved within the orbit of the United States. The image of imperial strength in Asia had been shattered by the Japanese attacks, and British prestige there was irreversibly damaged. The price for India's entry to the war had been effectively a guarantee for independence, which came within two years of the end of the war, relieving Britain of its most populous and valuable colony. The deployment of 150,000 Africans overseas from British colonies, and the stationing of white troops in Africa itself led to revised perceptions of the British and the Empire in Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20854648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854648" title="David Kennedy (hurler)">
David Kennedy (hurler)

David Kennedy (born 9 April 1976) originally from County Tipperary, plays with Loughmore-Castleiney and has been a member of the Kildare senior inter-county team since 2007. He joined the Tipperary Senior Hurling panel in 1998 and has won 2 National Hurling League medals (1999 and 2001) and a Munster and All-Ireland Senior Hurling medal in 2001 at centre-back. He was man of the match in the drawn Munster semi-final against Clare in 1999. He was also on the Munster team that played in the 1999 Railway Cup. David played minor hurling with Tipp in 1993 and 1994. He won a Munster medal in 1993 and won an All-Ireland Under-21 medal in 1995 as a sub. He played both minor and Under-21 football for Tipp. At schools level, he won an All-Ireland B Colleges medal with Templemore C.B.S. At club level, he won a County Under-21 B medal in 1994. David is 6 feet 1 inch in height and weighed 13 stone for the 2001 All-Ireland Final.

</doc>
<doc id="20854649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854649" title="Lorenzo Mongiardino">
Lorenzo Mongiardino

Lorenzo (Renzo) Mongiardino () (Genoa, 12 May 1916 – Milan, 16 January 1998) was an Italian architect, interior designer and production designer. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Biography.
In 1936 Renzo Mongiardino moved from Genoa to Milan to study architecture; in 1942 he graduated from the Politecnico di Milano, together with Giò Ponti.
Beginning in 1944, Mongiardino collaborated Domus magazine, writing many articles. During this period he also began his multifaceted career, focusing primarily on the creation of residential and theatre environments.
In the early fifties Mongiardino began to establish himself as an architect, working from his home and studio in central Milan, on the elegant Via Bianca Maria.
Mongiardino was responsible for creating some of the most important and enchanting houses of the second half of twentieth century, created for an international and prestigious clientele of cultured collectors and entrepreneurs including Baron Hans Heinrich Thyssen-Bornemisza, Aristotle Onassis, Gianni Agnelli and Marella Agnelli, Lee Radziwill and Stanisław Albrecht Radziwiłł, Gianni Versace, Edmond Safra and Lily Safra, Princess Firyal of Jordan, Valentino Garavani, the Rothschild family and the Hearst family. Also starting in the late fifties Mongiardino began his career as “production designer” in Theatre and Cinema together with Franco Zeffirelli, Peter Hall, Giancarlo Menotti and Raymond Rouleau.
In 1993 Rizzoli published “Roomscapes”, a lessons-learned monograph about Mongiardino in which revealed some of his standards of interior design, without forgetting his irreplaceable craftsmen and assistants able to transform his aesthetic dreams into reality; united to his “elective affinity that arrives after years of cooperation and in continuous exercise of affectionate understanding”.
After the arson of theatre “La Fenice” in 1996, Gae Aulenti assigned Mongiardino the project for the interior theatre refurbishment, a project which he was not able to complete.
Mongiardino died in Milan on 16 January 1998.
Style.
The years of Mongiardino’s debut are those of the Modern Movement, but he resisted this new wave, fearing its effects, and perceiving an intrinsic lack of feeling. Instinct took him elsewhere, to seek the harmony of the antique that draws on and re-invents itself in a completely new way. The private nature of his projects and their nature, in the sense that they are an ends unto themselves, and will most likely not survive beyond the lives of their owners, brings with it the risk that Mongiardino’s name may not correspond to anything definite, but true only as evocation of the rich and famous world.
There are in fact several public works of Mongiardino, including two buildings built in Milan (in Via Donizetti and in via Borgonuovo), the restoration of several important hotels (the lobby bar at The Carlyle in New York, The Hotel Kulm in St. Moritz, The Plaza in Rome), as well as the restaurant ("Da Giacomo" in Milan) and several shops, including Sabbadini Jewelers on Milan's Via Montenapoleone. But these works are the exception that the primary focus of Mongiardino’s research, which was addressed almost exclusively to the preparation of domestic spaces, through a careful combination of the search for harmonious proportions and a love for the meticulous execution of every detail. 
Before Mongiardino, houses were built in a particular historical style. Mongiardino revolutionized this methodology. He writes: "The houses are furnished, are created considering the structure, the skeleton, the intrinsic beauty, when there is. We believe we can invent a new house, a universal model that could be replicated identically in Naples as in Stockholm. But the house is not an invention, it is always the same shelter that man needs because he is tired, because he's hungry, because he has to sleep. Older houses were built on the extent of these practical needs, they expressed the authenticity of the goods and used the same limits imposed by available materials and technologies called for the pursuit of beauty in function. Skilled creator of spectacular spaces, he has been able to juxtapose ordinary objects and antiques, in a masterly game of fabrics or painted, and sculptured panels and a range of trompe l'oeil, whereby he obtained masterpieces with poor materials. 
Fundamental in his work, however, is the determination of space, the search for a balance of proportions that must precede the decoration. Precisely this is his book "Roomscapes”. Only later Mongiardino inserted, with the sensitivity set designer, fakes and real objects presented without any hierarchy of values in a setting in which each subject was taking its natural space.
Selected filmography.
Mongiardino was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20854651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854651" title="Leefbaar Eindhoven">
Leefbaar Eindhoven

Leefbaar Eindhoven is a Dutch political party. It is also a regional party for the city of Eindhoven.
The party was grounded by Ad Pastoor. In 2002, the party won 9 seats in the regional parliament's election. Back then, it was the biggest party in Eindhoven and formed a coalition with CDA, D66, Ouderen Appèl Eindhoven and Groen Links.
In 2008, the party won three seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20854656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854656" title="Cristobal Tunon">
Cristobal Tunon

Cristobal Tunon (born 16 November 1948) is a public health specialist. Tunon works at the World Health Organisation in Beijing, China. He has previously worked for the United Nations in Vietnam and Bangladesh.
Tunon was born in Panama City on November 16, 1948. After gaining a scholarship to study abroad he moved to the United Kingdom in 1966. He has a PhD from Manchester University.

</doc>
<doc id="20854670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854670" title="IK Multimedia">
IK Multimedia

IK Multimedia is an international music technology company directly operating in the US, UK, Japan and Italy. Founded in Modena, Italy in 1996, it now operates worldwide with offices in Italy, the US and the UK. The company's best known for products made for music production, creation, live performance and has also expanded to various music segments. The most notable in recent years are their apps and accessories for Apple's iOS platform using Apple's iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad.
Company history.
1998-1999.
IK released its first product GrooveMaker, a loop-remixing software package, in 1998. 1999 saw the release of T-RackS, an analog-modelled desktop mastering solution.
2000-2004.
SampleTank, a multi-timbral, sample-based virtual instrument workstation plug-in, was released in 2001.
AmpliTube, a guitar amp and fx plug-in modelling the entire rig for all platforms, is released in 2002. A new version of SampleTank was released, including a resampling engine enabling the user to independently modify the time/pitch/formant parameters of the sound samples.
2005-2008.
AmpliTube 2 is released in 2005, with several enhancements to the previous version, both in terms of modeling methods and the number of modeled amps and effects. AmpliTube 2 was the basis for subsequent products, such as Ampeg SVX modelling Ampeg bass amplifiers, AmpliTube Jimi Hendrix modeling vintage amps and FX pedals used by the famous guitarist and AmpliTube Metal dedicated entirely to heavy metal gear.
Looking for a way to expand into the hardware market, IK releases StealthPlug, a USB adapter for guitar/bass, in 2006. ARC System, the first acoustic room correction system in a plug-in, follows in 2007 and StompIO, a pedal board capable of controlling the full range of the "Powered by AmpliTube" products, in 2008. X-GEAR followed as the first expandable Guitar/Bass fx system and a preview to the future Custom Shop now found in AmpliTube.
2009.
AmpliTube Fender, the first official Fender licensed and approved software simulation of its amps and FX was released. , the first interface/controller in a wah stompbox enclosure with full integration with the AmpliTube range of products for live and real time use.
2010.
iRig was the first guitar/bass interface and AmpliTube for iPhone/iPod Touch the first amp/fx system for iOS quickly exceeding a million downloads. It was soon followed by AmpliTube for iPad, AmpliTube Fender for iPhone/iPod Touch and AmpliTube Fender iPad.
2011.
iRig Mic started 2011 off as the first handheld microphone for iOS devices followed with VocaLive, the first professional vocalist app for iOS. AmpliTube Custom Shop, the first tone shop integrated into a plug-in, also launched to world wide acclaim. The Custom Shop allowed people the opportunity to buy new gear models from inside of AmpliTube, À la carte.
2012.
iRig Keys, iRig MIX and DJ Rig helped catapult IK Multimedia into a standard for the modern mobile DJ and music producers. Bringing studio quality pianos and electric pianos to iOS devices. New iRig additions included iRig Mic Cast, iRig STOMP and iRig PRE which has been embraced by musicians on mobile platforms and DSLR photographers for adding hi end microphones to their mobile recording devices.
2013.
iRig HD, the first digital interface for Apple's Lightning (connector) for iOS devices and Macbook/iMac compatibility was released. iRig Pro followed a few months after with XLR connector, 1/4" jack and MIDI input. The iKlip was updated for the new iPad sizes and released as the iKlip2. IK Multimedia's first full featured DAW for iOS was added to AmpliTube iOS and introduced as AmpliTube Studio. The Custom Shop continued with new additions from boutique audio companies such as Dr. Z Amplification, Fulltone, and Z.Vex Effects helping the Custom Shop reach over half a million users.

</doc>
<doc id="20854675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854675" title="Virtual Playground">
Virtual Playground

Virtual Playground is a software company producing many tycoon or business simulation games primarily for the PC platform, but their works do also extend to the Nintendo DS. Their works include Prison Tycoon, , Beer tycoon, , and Mall Tycoon 2. Most of their games are programmed in C++.
Their games are published by Take 2 Interactive, Koch Media, Global Star Software and ValuSoft and are typically based on the Gamebryo Game Engine.

</doc>
<doc id="20854676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854676" title="Giuseppe Mariani">
Giuseppe Mariani

Giuseppe Mariani was an Italian art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Taming of the Shrew".

</doc>
<doc id="20854677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854677" title="Checca">
Checca

Checca may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20854684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854684" title="Connecticut Sun all-time roster">
Connecticut Sun all-time roster

The following is a list of players, both past and current, who were under contract with the Connecticut Sun (and Orlando Miracle) in the WNBA during the "regular" season (not including pre-season). 

</doc>
<doc id="20854687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854687" title="Kuiqi Lu Station">
Kuiqi Lu Station

Kuiqi Lu Station () is a terminus on the Guangfo Line (FMetro Line 1), and the future interchange station between Guangfo Line (FMetro Line 1) and FMetro Line 2. Trial construction began in 2003 and the main project in 2005. The station is located under the junction of Kuiqi Road () and Fenjiang Road () in the Chancheng District of Foshan City, Guangdong Province, China. Kuiqi Road is the main route to the Shunde and Nanhai Districts. The station is the public transport hub for the Metro, bus services and taxis in Foshan and was completed on 3November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20854689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854689" title="Lucilla (gastropod)">
Lucilla (gastropod)

Lucilla is a genus of very small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Helicodiscidae.
Species.
The genus "Lucilla" includes the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="20854696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854696" title="Susanna Meredith">
Susanna Meredith

Susanna Meredith (née Lloyd; 1823–1901) was a 19th-century Irish-born prison visitor and pioneer for the rehabilitation of female prisoners.
Biography.
Susanna Lloyd was born in Ireland, her father was the governor of Cork County Gaol. As a child she learned Latin, Hebrew, French and German. At the age of 17, she married a doctor, but was widowed after seven years of marriage. In 1858, Meredith began visiting Millbank Prison with the British Society. In 1860 she moved to London with her mother and, concerned with employment opportunities for women, began editing "Alexandra" magazine. She visited female prisoners in Brixton prison and started a mission offering breakfasts, advice, and limited employment opportunities to newly released women. She reported her visits to the Home Secretary Sir George Grey.
Meredith later turned her attention to the children of convicted women and in 1871 her first home for such children was opened in Addlestone, Surrey by Princess Mary. In 1877, she was told that she was no longer permitted to talk to women prisoners without a matron present. From then, she decided to stop visiting. In 1895 Meredith gave evidence before the Gladstone Committee on prisons.

</doc>
<doc id="20854697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854697" title="Spratton railway station">
Spratton railway station

Spratton railway station is a former railway station which served the village of Spratton in Northamptonshire, England.
The station was once an intermediate stop on the Northampton-Market Harborough railway line, which closed in 1981. A section of the route at Pitsford and Brampton station has now been revived as the headquarters of a heritage railway called the Northampton & Lamport Railway.
The preservation society which operates the line has a Light Railway Order up to and including Spratton, and it is likely a station will be rebuilt there in the future. The original signal box has been preserved and is stored awaiting re-use.
History.
The branch line from Northampton to Market Harborough was opened by the London and North Western Railway on 16 February 1859. Spratton station opened in 1864 adjacent to the level crossing where the line crossed the Spratton to Brixworth road, with four trains each way stopping daily.
Spratton station closed on 23 May 1949, and the line itself closed on 16 August 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20854703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854703" title="Luigi Gervasi">
Luigi Gervasi

Luigi Gervasi was an Italian set decorator. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Taming of the Shrew".

</doc>
<doc id="20854704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854704" title="List of Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel, 2008">
List of Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel, 2008

This is a list of 2008 rocket and mortar attacks on Israel, by Hamas and Palestinian terrorists from the Gaza Strip. This was part of a rapid escalation of attacks by Hamas on Israel. Until the ceasefire on June 19, 2008 2378 rockets and mortars were launched. This is more than the 1,639 attacks launched in all of 2007, the rate of fire per month had increased more than 240%. A six-month 2008 Israel–Hamas ceasefire was agreed to by both sides and began on June 19, 2008. Sporadic attacks continued during the cease-fire at a vastly diminished rate; a total of 20 rockets and 18 mortars were launched from the signing of the ceasefire until the beginning of November. This represented a 98% reduction in rocket fire four and a half month period prior to the signing of the ceasefire during which over 1,800 rockets were fired from Gaza. On November 4, the Israeli military attacked a cross-border tunnel on the Gaza side, killing two Hamas gunman. The resulted in rocket and mortar attacks and subsequent Israel Air Force strikes on launching sites and killed an additional four Hamas gunmen. Israeli officials allege Hamas was constructing a tunnel to be used to abduct Israeli soldiers. Following this event the number of rockets fired from Gaza escalated, 125 being launched in the month of November. This page lists rocket attacks on Israel by Palestinian terrorists. According to the Israeli military's count on December 27, 3,000 rockets hit Israel since the beginning of the year.
A total of eight people were killed by Qassam rocket, Grad rocket and mortar attacks on Israel in 2008. Four of these deaths occurred between 27–29 December.

</doc>
<doc id="20854705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854705" title="Spliff (disambiguation)">
Spliff (disambiguation)

Spliff may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20854710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854710" title="Purulia Sadar East subdivision">
Purulia Sadar East subdivision

Purulia Sadar East subdivision is a subdivision of the Purulia district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Purulia municipality and seven community development blocks: Manbazar–I, Manbazar–II, Bundwan, Purulia–I, Purulia–II, Hura and Puncha. The seven blocks contain 62 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Purulia.
Area.
Apart from the Purulia municipality, the subdivision contains rural areas of 62 gram panchayats under seven community development blocks: Manbazar–I, Manbazar–II, Bundwan, Purulia–I, Purulia–II, Hura and Puncha. There is no urban area under these seven blocks.
Blocks.
Manbazar–I block.
Rural area under Manbazar–I block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Bamni Majhihira, Chandra–Pairachali, Gopalnagar, Manbazar, Bhalubasa, Jitujuri, Baramasya–Ramnagar, Bisri, Dhanarah and Kamta Jangidiri. Manbazar, Puncha and Kenda police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Manbazar.
Manbazar–II block.
Rural area under Manbazar–II block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Ankro Barakadam, Bari–Jagda, Buribandh, Kumari, Bargoria–Jamtoria, Boro Jaragara and Dighi. Boro police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Jamtoria.
Bandwan block.
Rural area under Bandwan block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Bandwan, Dhadka, Kuchia, Kumra, Chirudih, Gurur, Kuilapal and Supudih. Banduan police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Banduan.
Purulia–I block.
Rural area under Purulia–I block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Bhandarpuara–Chipida, Dimdiha, Lagda, Durku, Manara, Chakaltore, Garafusra and Sonaijuri. Kenda, Purulia Muffasil, Arsha and Purulia Town police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Bhatbandh.
Purulia–II block.
Rural area under Purulia–II block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Agoya–Narra, Chharradumdumi, Hutmura, Belma, Ghonga, Pindra, Bhangra, Golamara and Raghabpur. Purulia Muffasil and Purulia Town police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Bibekananda Nagar.
Hura block.
Rural area under Hura block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Chatumadar, Jabarrah, Ladhurka, Rakhera–Bispuria, Daldali, Kalabani, Lakhanpur, Hura, Keshergarh and Maguria–Lalpur. Hura police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Hura.
Puncha block.
Rural area under Puncha block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Bagda, Chirudih, Lakhra, Pirrah, Chandra, Jambad, Napara, Puncha, Kenda and Panipathar. Puncha and Kenda police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Puncha.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20854711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854711" title="San Francisco Pass">
San Francisco Pass

The San Francisco Pass is one of the most important passes of the Andes mountains which connects Argentina and Chile. The highest point of this pass is at AMSL.
Location.
The pass is located at and connects the Argentinian province of Catamarca with the Atacama Region in Chile. In the Argentinian side, route N 60 ascends from Fiambala at AMSL in a deep valley formed by mountains. In the last sinuous , the route climbs from about in Las grutas to more than at the border. 
On the Chilean side the route CH-31 connects Copiapó with the Chile-Argentinian border. On the way it passes next to Maricunga's salt flat on the Nevado Tres Cruces National Park and Laguna Verde. The area is surrounded by volcanoes and high peaks as the Cerro Falso Azufre (), the volcano San Francisco (), the Incahuasi () and highest volcano in the world, Nevado Ojos del Salado (), among others.

</doc>
<doc id="20854713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854713" title="John Machado">
John Machado

John Machado is a 6th degree black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. He is a former Jiu-Jitsu world, national, and state champion, and a two-time Pan American Games Sambo champion.Machado also won many Judo tournaments as a black belt. He is also an aspiring actor, having appeared in numerous movie and television roles.
Biography.
John is the youngest of the five Machado brothers of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. He began his training over 30 years ago with them and his cousins, the Gracie family and received his black belt from Carlos Gracie Jr.. He dominated the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu circuit, winning every major competitive title from 1982 to 1990. In 1990 he also graduated from Rio Federal College receiving a degree in Environmental Farming. After graduating, he competed three years later at the Pan American Games in Sambo competitions, becoming champion two consecutive years: 1993 and 1994.
John has had numerous movie and television roles such as "The Ropes" Vin Diesel's new TV series at FOX(2012), Alienated (2011), Duel of Legends (2011), Redbelt (2008), Brazilian Brawl (2003), Mean Guns (1997), Heatseeker (1995), Kickboxer 4: The Aggressor (1994), and (1995). John also had a role in the television series Walker Texas Ranger, as himself. John produced and starred in the Brazilian Brawl. The following people were cast in his film: martial arts legend Dan Inosanto, acclaimed actor Geoffrey Lewis, musician Rikki Rockett and brothers Carlos Machado, Jean Jacques Machado, Rigan Machado, and Roger Machado.
At the 2012 San Diego Comic Con Superhero Kung Fu Extravaganza hosted by Ric Meyers, transmedia artist Jan Lucanus announced that John has been cast to portray the character "Raam" in the upcoming live action feature film based on the mixed martial arts comic book series . John has also developed his own comic book property with Jan Lucanus and creator Chadwick Coleman, "Faixa Preta: The Black Belt", from Creative Impulse Publishing. The story is set in the near-future in the post-civil war city of Novo Rio, Brazil, following a young martial artist with intuitive powers seeking to unite his war-torn country.
In addition to private seminars, John currently has Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academies in Culver City, California; Torrance, California; and Allen, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20854715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854715" title="2001 Cincinnati Masters – Singles">
2001 Cincinnati Masters – Singles

Thomas Enqvist was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Nicolas Kiefer.
Gustavo Kuerten won in the final 6–1, 6–3 against Patrick Rafter.

</doc>
<doc id="20854716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854716" title="Von Trapp children">
Von Trapp children

Von Trapp children may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20854723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854723" title="Gran Hermano Spain (season 1)">
Gran Hermano Spain (season 1)

The reality franchise "Big Brother" launched in Spain on April 23, 2000 and ended on July 21, 2000, lasting 90 days. This was the third version of Big Brother, The Netherlands and Germany having aired editions prior to this one. The show was hosted by Mercedes Milá and broadcast on Telecinco.
Summary.
Start Date: April 23, 2000
End Date: July 21, 2000
Duration: 90 days
The Finalists: 3 - Ismael (The Winner), Ania (Runner-up) and Iván (3rd)
Evicted Housemates: 7 - Koldo (4),Mabel (5), Iñigo (6), Marina (7), Vanesa (8),Israel (9), Maria Jose (10)
Voluntary Exits: 4 - Jorge, Mónica, Nacho and Silvia

</doc>
<doc id="20854728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854728" title="National Public School, Chennai">
National Public School, Chennai

National Public School (NPS), in Gopalapuram, Chennai, India, is run by the Citizens Education Society. It was founded in 1970 by Dr. K.P. Gopalkrishna and is affiliated to the CBSE.
The School.
National Public School began as the National English School in a rented building on Avvai Shanmugam road in Gopalapuram. Now it is located in a sprawling campus on the same road. It was affiliated to the CBSE in 1972 and has 1300 students and 70 teachers.
The school has an auditorium, play grounds, library, air-conditioned classrooms, science lab and a computer lab with over 40 laptops.
Academics.
The school has classes from KG-1 to 12. Each standard comprises three sections and each section has approximately 35 students. Students are given grades based on their scores in individual subjects. Subject Toppers are given rank badges in the Morning Assembly. Every year the two toppers from each class are given prizes on the Annual Day.
Students can choose between Tamil, Hindi, Sanskrit and French to study as Second Language and Third Language in classes 5 to 8.
The school offers a Science stream or a Commerce stream to students in classes 11 and 12.
Houses.
Students are placed into four houses upon admission:
The houses are identified by the colour of the flag. The houses are awarded points based on their performance in extra-curricular activities - especially sports.
Extra-curricular activities.
Students have won awards in fields such as elocution, music (Carnatic, devotional and folk), dance and sports. The school has won the rolling trophy many times in the Students Book Fair.
The school has won prizes in Quizzes including ESPN Quiz and Young World Quiz.
NPS has a cultural event called Blossom which is organised by the school students for other students in the city. It was started in 2000 as Blossom 2K and has attracted students from many schools of Chennai. In 2009 the event's name was changed to "Impressionz" by students.
Sports.
The school encourages students to participate in sports activities both in and outside school. Inter-school and Inter-house tournaments are held every year. Every grade has their own Soccer team.
Billiards and Snooker==References==
Year 2013 has been very good for Shrikrishna. He has won Senior Men Billiards, Junior Billiards, Sub-Junior Billiards and Snooker apart from finishing runner-up in Junior Snooker. Thus he had won 4 winners and 1 runner-up trophy out of a possible six in the State Ranking Tournament conducted by Tamil Nadu Billiards and Snooker Association. Thus, he is ranked No.1 in 4 events and No. 2 in Junior Snooker. 
During the entire grueling tournament, this 13 year old VIII Std. student had shown lot of grit, determination, resilience far beyond his age. In the Junior Billiards he was trailing by more than half the score at 1 hour mark (2 hours duration) then he scored a brilliant break of 106 and several decent breaks to win by a huge margin over B. Jagadesh of DG Vaishnav College. Incidentally this was he only century break in the entire tournament and a record considering his age.
In the men Billiards finals also he played against a much senior former national champion Siddartha Rao and won a well fought victory.(150 up five frames) with more than three 60+ breaks.
As he had achieved a rare feat of winning 4 titles and finishing runner-up in the other he had been awarded Outstanding Performance by Cue Sports Promotion and Social Association (CuSP); the first one to receive it. He has been chosen for the award as he is the only one so far to win 4 titles and finishing runner-up in one out of a possible six events.
Thirteen year old S. Shrikrishna recently made history in the recent Tamil Nadu state ranking tournament by bagging four state titles.
For his extraordinary show, he was felicitated by CueSports Promotion and Social Association (CuSP) at the closing ceremony of the tournament.
CuSP is a newly formed association to support the cueists of Tamil Nadu. “Our initial step is to identify and support the talented and budding players. We have started with Shrikrishna,” said N.Sreenivas, Promoter, CuSP
References:
1. http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-features/tp-downtown/shrikrishna-felicitated/article5591356.ece
2. Sub-Junior Billiards title: http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-sports/shrikrishna-takes-title/article5287178.ece
3. Men's Billiards title: http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-sports/around-the-city/article5385298.ece

</doc>
<doc id="20854731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854731" title="Kadavallur Anyonyam">
Kadavallur Anyonyam

Kadavallur Anyonyam is a Rig Veda contest held annually at Kadavallur, a remote village in Kerala, South India. In the anyonyam two major Rig Veda schools (known as "Brahmaswam Math") based in Thirunavaya and Thrissur take part. Over the years, the two Brahmaswam Maths at Thrissur and Thirunavaya developed a healthy and constructive competitive spirit. Kadavalloor Anyonyam is the final examination for the Vedic scholars of these institutions. 
The literal meaning of the word Anyonyam is "each other". This nomenclature is because when a Namboothiri belonging to the Thirunavaya school wants to exhibit his proficiency, the portion of the Rigveda to be chanted by him is to be set by the opposite side, that is, Thrissur school, and vice-versa. The opposite side also judges the correctness of the chanting of the portion specified by it. It is postulated that these methods of chanting and its exhibition in a large gathering of an audience of scholarly experts is primarily meant for the zealous preservation of the purity of the text, its correct intonation and correct breaking up of the words in their pristine original form, without an iota of error.
The Kadavalloor Anyonyam is conducted every year during the first fortnight of the Malayalam month "Vrischikam" (mid-November) at the Sreeramaswamy Temple at Kadavalloor village, near the border of Thrissur and Malappuram districts. This temple is situated about 10 km north of Kunnamkulam, on the west side of the Kunnamkulam - Calicut road. Kadavalloor Anyonyam" used to be held regularly till 1947. Later, centred at Chovvannoor Sabhaamadhom, a revival effort was made which could not be sustained. After a gap, it was revived at Kadavalloor Temple itself, which is being regularly held now, annually.

</doc>
<doc id="20854742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854742" title="Ima Demo Zutto">
Ima Demo Zutto

Promotion.
Promotion started at a Christmas event, where the trio performed the single. To further promote the single, Spontania and Ito performed the single on three music shows, NHK Music Japan, NTV Music Fighter and Music Fair.

</doc>
<doc id="20854754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854754" title="Vernon Dixon">
Vernon Dixon

Vernon Dixon was a British (died 14 June 2009) set decorator. He won three Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Dixon won three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20854761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854761" title="1959–60 Coupe de France">
1959–60 Coupe de France

The Coupe de France's results of the 1959–60 season. AS Monaco FC won the final played on 15 May 1960, beating AS Saint-Étienne.

</doc>
<doc id="20854778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854778" title="Ken Muggleston">
Ken Muggleston

Ken Muggleston (born in Sydney, Australia on 24 April 1930) was a British set decorator. He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Oliver!"

</doc>
<doc id="20854796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854796" title="Purulia Sadar West subdivision">
Purulia Sadar West subdivision

Purulia Sadar West subdivision is a subdivision of the Purulia district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Jhalda municipality and seven community development blocks: Jhalda–I, Jhalda–II, Jaipur, Arsha, Bagmundi, Balarampur and Barabazar. The seven blocks contain 59 gram panchayats and two census towns. The subdivision has its headquarters at Jhalda.
Area.
Apart from the Jhalda municipality, the subdivision contains two census towns and rural areas of 59 gram panchayats under seven community development blocks: Jhalda–I, Jhalda–II, Jaipur, Arsha, Bagmundi, Balarampur and Barabazar. The two census towns are: Balarampur and Barabazar.
Blocks.
Jhalda–I block.
Rural area under Jhalda–I block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Ichag, Jhalda–Darda, Mathari–Khamar, Tulin, Ilu–Jargo, Kalma, Noyadih, Hensahatu, MarumOsina and Pusti. There is no urban area under this block. Jhalda police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Mashina.
Jhalda–II block.
Rural area under Jhalda–II block consists of nine gram panchayats, viz. Bamniya–Belyadih, Chitmu, Nowahatu, Begunkodar, Hirapur Adardih, Rigid, Chekya, Majhidih and Tatuara. There is no urban area under this block. Jhalda police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Kotsila.
Jaipur block.
Rural area under Jaipur block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Baragram, Joypur, Ropo, Upankahan, Ghagra, Mukundapur and Sidhi–Jamra. There is no urban area under this block. Jaipur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Jaipur.
Arsha block.
Rural area under Arsha block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Arsha, Chatuhansa, Hensla, Puara, Beldih, Hetgugui, Mankiary and Sirkabad. There is no urban area under this block. Arsha and Purulia Muffasil police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Sirkabad.
Bagmundi block.
Rural area under Bagmundi block consists of eight gram panchayats, viz. Ajodhya, Beergram, Matha, Sindri, Baghmundi, Burda–Kalimati, Serengdih and Tunturi–Suisa. There is no urban area under this block. Bagmundi police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Pathardihi.
Balarampur block.
Rural area under Balarampur block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Balarampur, Bela, Genrua, Tentlow, Baraurma, Darda and Ghatbera–Kerowa. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Balarampur. Balarampur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Basgarh.
Barabazar block.
Rural area under Barabazar block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Banjora, Berada, Latpada, Tumrasole, Bansbera, Bhagabandh, Sindri, Barabazar and Dhelatbamu Sukurhutu. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Barabazar. Barabazar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Barabhum.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20854798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854798" title="Tom Fisher">
Tom Fisher

Tom Fisher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20854811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854811" title="Alberta Oil Sands Technology and Research Authority">
Alberta Oil Sands Technology and Research Authority

The Alberta Oil Sands Technology and Research Authority (AOSTRA) was an Alberta crown corporation to promote the development and use of new technology for oil sands and heavy crude oil production, and enhanced recovery of conventional crude oil. It was funded by the Alberta Heritage Savings Trust Fund. Its head office and information centre were located in Edmonton and a second office in Calgary, Canada.
History.
AOSTRA was formed in 1974 for promotion of the development of new technologies for oil sands and heavy-oil production. In 1979 its mandate was expanded also to the conventional crude oil technologies. In 1984, AOSTRA initiated the Underground Test Facility as an in-situ SAGD bitumen recovery facility.
In 1986, the Alberta Department of Energy took over AOSTRA's role in developing oil sands technology, and on 1 August 2000, AOSTRA was reorganized into the newly established Alberta Energy Research Institute, and rebranded again to the name of Alberta InnovatesEnergy and Environment Solutions with an expanded role to include other energy-related research areas such as wind, solar, fuel cells, clean coal and biomass.
Operations.
AOSTRA operated primarily through projects, the costs of which were shared with industries. The resultant technology is available to any user at fair market value. AOSTRA also supported research at Canadian universities and research institutions by providing grants to inventors, funding the operation of a technical information system, promoting international co-operation in oil sands development, and providing scholarships and fellowships for educational assistance. One of the main targets of AOSTRA finding of suitable technologies for that part of the Athabasca Oil Sands that could not be recovered using surface mining technologies.
Technologies.
Most notable technologies developed with assistance of AOSTRA include of Steam Assisted Gravity Drainage (SAGD), OSLO Cold Water Extraction (OCWE) and Alberta Taciuk Process (ATP).

</doc>
<doc id="20854826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854826" title="Elias Avery Lowe">
Elias Avery Lowe

Elias Avery Lowe (15 October 1879 – 8 August 1969), born to a Russian Jewish family as Elias Avery Loew, was an American palaeographer. His wife was the noted translator H. T. Lowe-Porter; and their great-grandson is journalist and politician Boris Johnson, Mayor of London. 
Lowe graduated from Cornell University in 1902 and received his doctorate in 1908 in Munich under the supervision of Ludwig Traube.
His main works are the Codices Latini Antiquiores.

</doc>
<doc id="20854827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854827" title="1958–59 Coupe de France">
1958–59 Coupe de France

The Coupe de France's results of the 1958–59 season. Le Havre AC won the final played on May 3 and May 18, 1959, beating FC Sochaux-Montbéliard.

</doc>
<doc id="20854875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854875" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Co-operation (Tanzania)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Co-operation (Tanzania)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Co-operation (MoFAIC) is a government ministry of Tanzania. The ministry is headed by Bernard Membe, and its offices are located at Kivukoni in Dar es Salaam.
History.
The ministry of foreign affairs was set up following Tanganyikan independence in 1961, but until 1963, it was a department of the prime minister's office with Oscar Kambona as the first minister. The ministry of external affairs was created in 1964 with Stephen Mhando as its first minister. The name of the ministry has been changed twice since 1975, first to foreign affairs and then to the current foreign affairs and international cooperation.

</doc>
<doc id="20854877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854877" title="Raghunathpur subdivision">
Raghunathpur subdivision

Raghunathpur subdivision is a subdivision of the Purulia district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Raghunathpur municipality and six community development blocks: Para, Raghunathpur–I, Raghunathpur–II, Neturia, Santuri and Kashipur. The six blocks contain 49 gram panchayats and seven census towns. The subdivision has its headquarters at Raghunathpur.
Area.
Apart from the Raghunathpur municipality, the subdivision contains seven census towns and rural areas of 49 gram panchayats under six community development blocks: Para, Raghunathpur–I, Raghunathpur–II, Neturia, Santuri and Kashipur. The seven census towns are: Santaldih, Chapari, Arra, Nabagram, Hijuli, Par Beliya and Adra.
Blocks.
Para block.
Rural area under Para block consists of ten gram panchayats, viz. Anara, Deoli, Jabarrah–Jhapra–II, Udaypur–Joynagar, Bahara, Dubra, Nadiha Surulia, Bowridih, Jabarrah–Jhapra–I and Para. Urban area under this block consists of two census towns: Santaldih and Chapari. Para and Santaldih police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Para.
Raghunathpur–I block.
Rural area under Raghunathpur–I block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Arrah, Bero, Khajura, Sanka, Babugram, Chorpahari and Nutandi. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Arra. Raghunathpur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Raghunathpur.
Raghunathpur–II block.
Rural area under Raghunathpur–II block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Barrah, Joradih, Nildih, Cheliama, Mangalda–Mautore and Nutandih. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Nabagram. Raghunathpur and Santaldih police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Chaliama.
Neturia block.
Rural area under Neturia block consists of seven gram panchayats, viz. Bhamuria, Guniara, Raibandh, Sarbari, Digha, Janardandih and Saltore. Urban area under this block consists of two census towns: Hijuli and Par Beliya. Neturia police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Ramkanali.
Santuri block.
Rural area under Santuri block consists of six gram panchayats, viz. Balitora, Ramchandrapur–Kotaldi, Tarabari,  Garsika, Muradi and Santuri. There is no urban area under this block. Santuri police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Murardi.
Kashipur block.
Rural area under Kashipur block consists of 13 gram panchayats, viz. Agardi–Chitra, Gorandih, Manihara, Sonathali, Barrah, Hadalda–Uparrah, Rangamati–Ranjandih, Beko, Kalidaha, Simla–Dhanara, Gagnabad, Kashipur and Sonaijuri. Urban area under this block consists of one census town: Adra. Kashipur police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Panchkotraj.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20854879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854879" title="Gabe Gabler">
Gabe Gabler

William Louis "Gabe" Gabler (August 4, 1930 - January 4, 2014) was a Major League Baseball player. Gabler played for the Chicago Cubs in . In 3 career games, he had no hits in 3 career at-bats. He batted left threw right-handed.
Gabler was signed by the Brooklyn Dodgers as an amateur free agent in 1950. And was killed falling of a tree branch.

</doc>
<doc id="20854897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854897" title="Gran Hermano Spain (season 2)">
Gran Hermano Spain (season 2)

Gran Hermano returned to Telecinco for a second edition in March 2001. Mercedes Milá was again the host.
Summary.
Start Date: March 18, 2001
End Date: June 27, 2001
Duration: 102 days
The Finalists: 3 - Sabrina (The Winner), Fran (Runner-up) and Mari (3rd)
Evicted Housemates: 9 - Ángel, Alonso, Emilio, Eva, Fayna, Kaiet, Karola, Marta and Roberto
Ejected Housemates: 1 - Carlos
Nominations Table.
This year Housemates Nominated three Housemates for Eviction, and the three or more Housemates with the most Nominations faced the Public Vote.
<br> This Week the Housemates had to vote for one Housemate they wanted to save from Eviction. Ángel, with two votes, was the only Housemate immune this Week.
<br> Housemates only Nominated two Housemates each this Week, instead of the regular three.

</doc>
<doc id="20854921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854921" title="Ernest Archer">
Ernest Archer

Ernest Archer (26 July 1910 – 27 July 1990) was a British art director. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for another in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Archer won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and was nominated for another:

</doc>
<doc id="20854932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854932" title="Weekend Marketplace">
Weekend Marketplace

Weekend Marketplace is a two hour Saturday morning block of paid programming airing on Fox that began airing on January 3, 2009, replacing the 4Kids TV Saturday morning cartoon block that aired using time leased by 4Kids from Fox from 2005 until the last Saturday of 2008. The block is programmed solely with infomercials, which usually air on networks and stations during late night and early morning hours; such programming, however, has not previously been scheduled on a regular basis by a major broadcast television network.
Overview.
Branding and title issues.
Despite being carried over Fox's airwaves, the block features no Fox branding or in-house promotional advertising (or even references to the title "Weekend Marketplace") for the duration of the block and is only used mainly as a placeholder title within television listings and industry media; most stations which carry the block disregard this title when they distribute their listings to guide providers and it usually is listed as four separate segments of "paid programming" instead so that viewers aren't mislead about the content of the block. In addition, Fox stated that it ultimately intended to have the block contain programs that resemble normal programming (albeit still prominently advertising a product), though this has yet to occur. Presently the block consists of four traditional 28.5-minute infomercials, with short-form direct response commercials at the end of each half-hour, and no local station breaks beyond a five-second station identification slot at the top of the first hour.
Scheduling.
The block normally airs from 10:00 a.m. to noon ET/PT, the second half of the timeslot previously used for 4Kids TV; the remaining time was returned to the network's affiliates, for use to air syndicated programming.
Affiliate reach.
The block currently airs on 95% of Fox affiliates. Most, if not all, of the stations that declined to carry 4Kids TV, such as WSVN Miami and WJBK Detroit, have similarly declined Weekend Marketplace (two of the exceptions are WJW Cleveland and KTBC Austin, both of which now air the infomercial block after having declined Fox Kids / Fox Box / 4Kids TV for many years). However, it does not appear that all of the non-Fox stations that picked up 4Kids TV in such markets have continued with the infomercial block (WMYD Detroit airs the block, with KASW Phoenix, WBFS Miami, WBNX Cleveland and WMLW Milwaukee declining it).
KMYS in San Antonio, which switched from MyNetworkTV to The CW in September 2010, continued to carry the block in lieu of Fox sister station KABB and instead airs that network's children's block, "Vortexx" (programmed by Saban Brands) during overnight periods inaccessible to most children, likely as the station was unable to revoke the deal to carry "Weekend Marketplace".

</doc>
<doc id="20854936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854936" title="Eric Eisnaugle">
Eric Eisnaugle

Eric Eisnaugle is a Florida attorney and Republican politician who served as the District 40 Representative in the House of Representatives of the State of Florida. He was first elected to the Florida house in 2008 and re-elected in 2010.
Representative Eisnaugle was born in Arcadia, Florida on February 6, 1977. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in 2000 from Florida Southern College and a Juris Doctor from Vanderbilt University Law School in 2003. His wife, originally from Iowa, is Carrie Eisnaugle.

</doc>
<doc id="20854943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854943" title="2008 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race">
2008 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race

The 2008 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race, sponsored by Rolex, was the 64th annual running of the "blue water classic" Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race. 
As in past editions of the race, it was hosted by the Cruising Yacht Club of Australia based in Sydney, New South Wales. As with previous Sydney to Hobart Yacht Races, the 2008 edition began on Sydney Harbour, at noon on Boxing Day (26 December 2008), before heading south for 630 nautical miles (1,170 km) through the Tasman Sea, past Bass Strait, into Storm Bay and up the River Derwent, to cross the finish line in Hobart, Tasmania. 
The 2008 fleet comprised 100 starters. In 2007, Wild Oats XI equalled Morna/Kurrewa IV's record of three consecutive line honours victories, which Morna achieved in 1946, 1947 and 1948, and is attempting to break the record in its own right in 2008.
2008 fleet.
100 yachts registered to begin the 2008 Sydney to Hobart Yacht race. They are:

</doc>
<doc id="20854948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854948" title="Quofum">
Quofum

 
Quofum (2008) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster.
Plot.
Sent by the Humanx Commonwealth Science Council, a team of explorers manage to find the planet Quofum—which only occasionally appears on long range scans. Since the planet is outside of the Commonwealth territory their mission is deemed minor and unimportant. The team’s four scientists—two human males, one human female and one male thranx—initially discover four separate, unique sentient species. Combined with Quofum’s nine percent alcohol oceans, its unstable appearance is seemingly part of the nature of Quofum: every species on Quofum is seemingly unrelated—casting well-established scientific notions of evolution into doubt. 
When the team’s mechanic, Salvador Araza murders the ship’s captain—revealing himself to be a member of the assassin clan, the Qwarm—the scientific exploration nearly ends. Before stranding the scientists on Quofum, Araza kills one member of the team who tries to stop him from stealing the ship’s shuttle. Upon returning to the ship Araza leaves Quofum but quickly discovers he is not in any part of the known universe. Unknowingly he left the planet while it was in an alternate universe where it periodically hides. Upon realizing his mistake, Araza tries to re-locate Quofum, but fails—stranding himself in the alternate universe. 
The three remaining scientists fall into a survivor’s depression realizing their small expedition won’t be missed while also lacking a means to return home on their own. They continue to explore and document Quofum’s flora and fauna, documenting upwards of ten different sentient species of various degrees of technological development. Eventually they happen upon an entrance to the inner workings of the planet. The ancient race (unnamed, but obviously the Xunca) that once inhabited Quofum altered their planet when they realized the inter-galactic Great Evil was eventually coming to their corner of the universe. The main alternation was to give Quofum the ability to shift to a different universe to protect itself. They also started multiple experiments to create different diverse races in an attempt to find a species that could trigger the "Great Attractor device" they set up in the Norma cluster to fight the Great Evil. 
The solution to the problem, and the conclusion to the storyline is actually revealed in "Flinx Transcendent".
Continuity.
Although supposedly starting in 555 A.A. in the Commonwealth timeline, and before the events to be revealed in "Flinx Transcendent", the actual amount of time spent by the scientists exploring inside Quofum is unclear. While implied that the trio spent years investigating the extent of Quofum’s mysterious inner workings, this would seemingly contradict the established Commonwealth timeline.

</doc>
<doc id="20854952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854952" title="P-8 radar">
P-8 radar

The "Pegmantit 8" or P-8 (also referred to by the NATO reporting name "Knife Rest A" in the west) was an early 2D VHF radar developed and operated by the former Soviet Union.
Development.
The "Pegmantit 8" which is abbreviated to P-8 was a development of one of the first early warning and ground control radars to be developed by the former Soviet Union, the P-3 radar. The radar was developed and successfully tested between 1949 and 1950, demonstrating a detection range of 150 km against a target aircraft at 8 km altitude and was accepted into operational service. The P-8 was developed by the SKB Design Bureau, a division of State Plant No.197 named after V.I.Lenin who developed the previous P-3, the predecessor of the current Nizhniy Novgorod Research Institute of Radio Engineering (NNIIRT). The development of the P-8 radar won the team responsible for its introduction the state prize.
In 1951 the P-8 radar underwent a significant modification which boosted the detecton range to 250 km against a target flying at an altitude of 10 km, the target detection range of low altitude targets was also improved by a factor of 60-70%. Between 1956 and 1957 the P-10 and legacy P-8 radar were equipped with improved clutter suppression equipment allowing for cancellation of clutter moving up to 30 m/s, cancellation was improved by a factor of 5 compared with no cancellation.
Description.
The P-8 being a development of the earlier P-3 shares many similarities with the earlier system, like the P-3M (mobile variant) the P-8 was mounted in two ZiL trucks. The P-8 used a single antenna accomplishing both transmission and reception which rotated at a speed of 2 r.p.m. The antenna was composed of four Yagi antennas mounted in sets of two with one set above the other atop a 30 meter mast. Azimuth was scanned mechanically by the antenna with elevation determined using a Goniometer in similar fashion to the P-3. The P-8 was one of the first Russian radars to incorporate a means of clutter suppression, a coherent oscillator in the receiver circuit acted as a simple moving target indicator to eliminate passive interference like ground clutter. The P-8 was also the first Russian radar to use a plan position indicator in addition to an A-scope to indicate height, the radar had a maximum power output of up to 75 kW and a receiver sensitivity of 7 mV.
Operators.
The P-8 was operated by the Soviet Union from 1950 but has long since become obsolete and retired from service, replaced by more advanced models entering into service after the P-8 such as the P-10 radar.

</doc>
<doc id="20854955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854955" title="Mike Jurewicz">
Mike Jurewicz

Michael Allen (Mike) Jurewicz (born September 20, 1945 in Buffalo, New York) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Jurewicz played for the New York Yankees in . In 2 career games, he had a 0-0 record with a 7.71 ERA. He batted right and left and threw left-handed.
Jurewicz was signed by the Yankees as an amateur free agent in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20854967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854967" title="Luke Sullivan">
Luke Sullivan

Luke Sullivan (born 30 March 1961, in Singapore) is an Australian visual artist most notable for his internationally controversial work, "The Fourth Secret of Fatima". 
Sullivan's practice is considered to be representative of Eclecticism, a European tangent of Postmodernism that emphasizes the artist's obligation to explore diverse subject matter, mediums and referencing. Since the 1990s, the movement has taken a more critical examination of social, political, religious and corporate institutions, and includes the UK's Tracey Emin and America's Tom Sachs.
Since 2000, Sullivan's work has moved from a predominantly constructionist application of found objects and materials, to a more complex exploration of style and medium. Terrorism, Religious Symbolism and Iconography, Environmental degradation and social mores form much of Sullivan's subject matter. "Rhythm Method" 2007, a work referencing the only form of contraception approved by The Vatican, was exhibited at London's Royal Academy of Arts in the same year, further building the artist's reputation for irreverent social and religious commentary.
The Fourth Secret of Fatima.
In August 2007, Sullivan's work "The Fourth Secret of Fatima" became the focus of international media attention and is regarded as one the most provocative and controversial works of religious art since Andres Serrano's Piss Christ. The piece, a statue of the Virgin Mary wearing a burqa, was intended to draw attention to the oppression of women in dogmatic forms of religion such as Islam, but ignited world-wide debate and condemnation in the media. Exhibited with fellow Australian artist Priscilla Brack's incendiary image of Jesus Christ morphing into Osama bin Laden, the works were reported in over 250 international newspapers as well as broad network coverage including Reuters, CNN, BBC and Al Jazeera. Leading a wave of political and religious condemnation, then Australian Prime Minister John Howard declared the work to be "gratuitously offensive".
In the aftermath to the controversy ABC's Virginia Haussegger noted, 
"In the tradition of some of the greatest art scandals, Luke Sullivan's work has challenged, provoked and unsettled everyone who has laid eyes on it".
In his 2008 exhibition, "Freestyler", Sullivan expanded his oeuvre to include paintings of air disasters and highjackings. His recreation of Flight 175's infamous approach moments before its collision with the World Trade Center was explained by the artist as "a painting of an image that had been burnt into my psyche". 

</doc>
<doc id="20854972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854972" title="Grupo Santa Helena">
Grupo Santa Helena

Grupo Santa Helena, or Santa Helena Group, was the name given by the critic Sérgio Milliet to the painters that met in the ateliers of Francisco Rebolo and Mario Zanini starting in the 1930s. The ateliers belonged to a Praça da Sé building named "Palacete Santa Helena". This building was demolished in 1971, when the Sé station of São Paulo Metro was built.
The Santa Helena Group was formed spontaneously, without any conceptual commitment. Most of its members were Italian immigrants, like Alfredo Volpi and Fulvio Pennacchi; sons of Italian immigrants, like Aldo Bonadei, Alfredo Rizzotti, Mario Zanini and Humberto Rosa; some were Spanish immigrants like Francisco Rebolo; some Portuguese immigrants like Manuel Martins.
They all shared a humble origin, and worked as artisans or proletarians. Rebolo, Volpi and Zanini were wall painters. Clóvis Graciano was a railroad worker. Fulvio Pennacchi was a butcher. Aldo Bonadei worked with costume design and embroidery. Rizzotti was an auto mechanic and a lathe worker. Manoel Martins was a goldsmith. Rebolo was a football player. Humberto Rosa and Pennacchi taught drawing. Painting was for the weekends or leisure time. 
Most of them had courses in the "Liceu de Artes e Ofícios" (or "Arts and Crafts Lyceum", that was one Liceo scientifico), or the "Escola Profissional Masculina do Brás" (or "Men's Professional School of Brás"). However, they reduced what they learned to drawing and painting techniques, not to the academic guiding of formal order, were they aware of that or not.
By this time, some painters associations were created in São Paulo, like the "Sociedade Pró-Arte Moderna" (or "Pro-Modern Art Society", aka SPAM) or "Clube dos Artistas Modernos" (CAM, or "Modern Artists Club"). They joined the participants of the "Semana de Arte Moderna" (or "Modern Art Week"). These groups were formed by intellectuals and members of the São Paulo elite, which kept a great distance from the Santa Helena members and other proletarian groups, about which they had little or no knowledge.
The group union, that lasted for years, can be explained as a reaction against the enormous prejudice that existed about the poor immigrants, that came not only from the pre-existent Brazilian elite families, but also from immigrants that became wealthy in Brazil. That prejudice was made clear in several criticisms that were directed to the Group's work, particularly when it started to cause a sensation, and to threaten positions already established.
Some Santa Helena artists had already studied art in Europe before arriving in Brazil; for instance Pennacchi, Rizzotti and Bonadei. All others had difficulty learning about the art created there, and could only be taught by teachers in Brazil. Bonadei was a student of Pedro Alexandrino, Antonio Rocco and Amadeo Scavone. Graciano was taught by Waldemar da Costa, and Zanini was a Georg Elpons student.
The perseverance of the group, in its fight for survival, caused interest and attracted new friends and partners. So, in due time, the place became the meeting point of many other artists.
The Santa Helena Group's major achievement was to reveal some of the most important Brazilian visual artists of the 20th century.
Exhibitions.
In 1937, an exhibition named "Família Artística Paulista", or "Artistic Family of São Paulo" shown a set of artists, including the "Grupo Santa Helena", that could show their work publicly for the first time. From then on, the Grupo became known. They provoked the interest of Mário de Andrade, that identified in them a "São Paulo school of painting".
In 1940, the "Exhibition of French Painters", that presented Cézanne, Picasso, Braque and Gris, among others, caused an enormous impact and several components of the group started to redirect his work, what made them more distant of the Grupo's themes or in their formal aspects. 

</doc>
<doc id="20854994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20854994" title="2009 Derry Gaelic football season">
2009 Derry Gaelic football season

The following are the results and details of the Derry senior Gaelic football team's competitive games in 2009.
Dr. McKenna Cup.
Derry were drawn in Section A of the 2009 Dr. McKenna Cup along with Donegal, Femanagh and University of Ulster, Jordanstown (UUJ). New manager Damian Cassidy originally named a 27 man panel for the competition Dr. McKenna Cup. It was a very experimental panel, including many new-comers, with only a handful of players having previous inter-county experience. A few other players were called into the panel later in the competition.
National Football League.
Derry announced a 34 man panel for the 2009 National League on 22 January 2009. Many of the more experienced players were re-called for the competition, along with some new players who impressed during the McKenna Cup.
Derry National League line-ups:
Championship.
In May 2009 manager Damian Cassidy announced a 35 man panel for 2009 Championship campaign. The Championship panel is much the same as that for the league, with a few additions and omissions.
Derry Championship line-ups:
Minor & Under 21.
Under 21.
The Derry Under 21 team were managed by Senior manager Damian Cassidy in 2009, and his backroom team consisted of Enda Gormley, Barry Dillon, P. Mullan, Kevin O'Neill and Martin McConnell.
The Under 21s were drawn with Donegal in the quarter-final of the 2009 Ulster Under-21 Football Championship. Donegal emerged victorious to knock Derry out of the Championship on a scoreline of 0-12 to 0-06.

</doc>
<doc id="20855029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855029" title="Hannelly Quintero">
Hannelly Quintero

Hannelly Zulami Quintero Ledezma (born November 22, 1985 in Caracas) is a Venezuelan beauty pageant titleholder turned TV host. She won Miss World Venezuela 2007 and Miss Intercontinental 2009. She competed in the Miss World 2008 beauty pageant, on December 13 in Johannesburg, South Africa, and ranked as one of the top fifteen semifinalists. Quintero also won the title of Miss World Americas.
Quintero, who stands 178 cm tall, competed in the national beauty pageant Miss Venezuela 2007, on September 13, 2007 and obtained the title of Miss World Venezuela. She won the special awards of "Miss Photogenic" and "Miss Beauty." She represented the state of Cojedes.
She also placed among the top 8 finalists in Reina Hispanoamericana 2007, held in Santa Cruz, Bolivia on October 26, 2007. Quintero also won the Miss Intercontinental 2009 pageant in Minsk (Belarus), on September 27, 2009.
Quintero is the host of "Somos Talento" in Venevisión. She studied Psychology, and it is her ambition to earn her masters in merchandising and advertising.

</doc>
<doc id="20855039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855039" title="Animal Atlas">
Animal Atlas

Animal Atlas is a half-hour educational wildlife show that "takes children on a tour of discovery, uncovering the secrets of how animals live and thrive. Young viewers meet animals from the familiar to the astounding, and the domesticated to the wild, including the diverse creatures of the African savanna, the finned and flippered of the big deep, and the colorful cast of the equatorial rainforest." The series is produced by Longneedle Entertainment, LLC, a subsidiary of Bellum Entertainment Group. It premiered in national syndication in 2004, and its tenth season began airing in 2013. As of January 2013, Bellum had produced over 230 high-definition episodes of "Animal Atlas", and fourteen related DVD titles.
Home video.
In September 2008, LongNeedle partnered with home entertainment distributor NCircle Entertainment to release "Animal Atlas" on DVD and distribute the show online. The first DVD, "Animal Passport", was released in December 2008. Fourteen "Animal Atlas" home entertainment titles have been released, including "Puppy Party", "Animal ABC's", "Animal Atlas Family Time", "Kitten Party", and "Monkeying Around". The most recent release was "Pet Party", in October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20855051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855051" title="Consortium for North American Higher Education Collaboration">
Consortium for North American Higher Education Collaboration

The Consortium for North American Higher Education Collaboration (CONAHEC) (, ) is a non-profit membership organization which advises and connects higher education institutions interested in establishing or strengthening academic collaborative programs in the North American region. 
Its core membership is composed by colleges and universities from Canada, the United States and Mexico. Since 2008, its membership has expanded to include participation of key higher education institutions from other countries. 
CONAHEC fosters academic collaboration among higher educacion institutions and it has developed a successful partnership with the key national umbrella higher education organizations in the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) region: the American Council on Education (ACE), the American Association of Community Colleges (AACC), the Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada (AUCC), the Association of Canadian Community Colleges and the "Asociación Nacional de Universidades e Instituciones de Enseñanza Superior" (ANUIES) from Mexico.
With more than 170 member institutions, today, CONAHEC is the largest and most comprehensive network of institutions from the NAFTA region, offering student exchanges, annual conferences, professional development programs, and direct advise to its members.
History.
CONAHEC was founded in 1994 as the U.S.-Mexico Educational Interchange Project, co-convened by the Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education and the Mexican Association for International Education (AMPEI). Later, in 1997, the organization adopted its current name and official trinational scope. 
Activities.
CONAHEC member institutions have established a series of services, including:
Secretariat.
CONAHEC is headquartered at the University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="20855052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855052" title="Clark-Kent (Bicycles)">
Clark-Kent (Bicycles)

Clark-Kent bicycles was a bicycle frame manufacturer based in Denver, CO. The name Clark-Kent was a hybrid of the names of the company owners, Pat Clark and Dean Kent, and had no connection with the alter ego of Superman beyond name recognition. Nor is it related in any way with Kent Bicycles of Parsippany, New Jersey.
History.
Clark-Kent started building bicycle frames in 1989. The company built both road and mountain bike frames in steel and titanium and were the early builders of Greg Lemond road and mountain titanium frames, before Lemond production went to Litespeed and later Trek Bicycle Corporation. Clark-Kent sponsored the Coors-Light domestic professional cycling team which included well known road racer and olympic gold medalist Alexi Grewal, and also sponsored Colorado based elite junior cycling squad Horsetooth Racing Team in 1993, which included US Junior National Team members. The company employed master-welders Ivo Vinklarek and Don Herr, however welding on later frames was outsourced with some quality problems which contributed to the demise of the brand. Pat Clark was part owner of the famous Denver Spoke bicycle shop, and also owned a group of bicycle shops known as Premier Cycles across the greater Denver area. The company folded in the mid-1990s and production was halted.
Models.
Road:
Mountain:

</doc>
<doc id="20855084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855084" title="Acral fibrokeratoma">
Acral fibrokeratoma

Acral fibrokeratoma (also known as an "Acquired digital fibrokeratoma," and "Acquired periungual fibrokeratoma") is characterized by a pinkish, hyperkeratotic, hornlike projection occurring on a finger, toe, or palm.

</doc>
<doc id="20855095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855095" title="2001 Stuttgart Masters – Singles">
2001 Stuttgart Masters – Singles

Wayne Ferreira was the defending champion but lost in the quarterfinals to Lleyton Hewitt.
Tommy Haas won in the final 6–2, 6–2, 6–2 against Max Mirnyi.
Seeds.
All seeds receive a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20855116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855116" title="Fibrous papule of the nose">
Fibrous papule of the nose

Fibrous papule of the nose (also known as "Benign solitary fibrous papule," and "Fibrous papule of the face") occurs in adults and is characterized by a dome-shaped, sessile, skin-colored, white, or reddish papule 3 to 6mm in diameter on or near the nose.

</doc>
<doc id="20855147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855147" title="Tellurometer">
Tellurometer

The Tellurometer was the first successful microwave electronic distance measurement equipment. The name derives from the Greek "tellus", meaning Earth.
History.
The original Tellurometer, known as the Micro-Distancer M/RA 1, was introduced in 1959. It was invented by Dr. Trevor Lloyd Wadley of the Telecommunications Research Laboratory of the South African Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), also responsible for the Wadley Loop receiver, which allowed precision tuning over wide bands, a task that had previously required switching out multiple crystals.
Methodology.
The Tellurometer emits an electronic wave: the remote station reradiates the incoming wave in a similar wave of more complex modulation, and the resulting phase shift was a measure of the distance travelled. The results appear on a cathode ray tube with circular sweep. This instrument penetrates haze and mist in daylight or darkness and has a normal range of 30–50 km but can extend up to 70 km.
Application.
The Tellurometer design yields high accuracy distance measurements over geodetic distances, but it is also useful for second order survey work, especially in areas where the terrain was rough and/or the temperatures extreme.
Examples of remote locations mapped using Tellurometer surveys are Adams Bluff, Churchill Mountains, Cook Mountains, Jacobsen Glacier, Mount Albright, Mount Predoehl, Mount Summerson, Sherwin Peak and Vogt Peak.
The MRB2 or Hydrodist was a marine version that was used in coastal surveys and calibrating ships using other survey navigation systems.
They were used by the Army of the Republic of Vietnam in the late 1960s.
Commercial exploitation.
Plessey, the British electronics company, formed a new subsidiary known as "Tellurometer (Pty) Limited" in the 1960s to manufacture the product and to develop and sell derivatives. The Company subsequently introduced numerical displays, solid state transmitters, integrated circuits and eventually microprocessors for the product.

</doc>
<doc id="20855148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855148" title="I Cry">
I Cry

I Cry may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20855154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855154" title="Bob Talbot">
Bob Talbot

Robert Dale Talbot (born June 6, 1927) is a retired American professional baseball player, an outfielder in the Major Leagues from to for the Chicago Cubs. Talbot joined the Cubs from their Pacific Coast League team, the Los Angeles Angels.
He was born in Visalia, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20855155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855155" title="Familial myxovascular fibromas">
Familial myxovascular fibromas

Familial myxovascular fibromas present with multiple verrucous papules on the palms and fingers, which on biopsy show focal neovascularization and mucin-like changes in the papillary dermis.

</doc>
<doc id="20855156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855156" title="Helmut Bauer">
Helmut Bauer

Helmut Bauer was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Helmut Bauer was born on the 2 February 1920 in Mittelschefflenz Baden.
In November 1938 he volunteered to join the SS and was posted to the 17th Company, SS "Deutschland" Regiment stationed in Ellwangen.
World War II.
At the start of World War II he was in the Motorcycle Company and took part in the Polish Campaign and the Battle of France.
At the end of the campaign in France the Waffen SS formed a new Division of foreign volunteers SS Division "Wiking", Bauer was posted into this Reconnaissance Battalion of this new Division.
In the summer of 1942, Bauer was transferred to the 5th SS Panzer Battalion as a platoon commander in the 3rd Company, in 1943 and Bauer was promoted to Oberscharführer (Senior Group Leader) and involved in the heavy fighting the Battalion was involved in during July and August. During the fighting around Andreyevka and Izium he displayed his leadership talents supporting the 2nd Company which was engaged by a number of T-34 and T-60 tanks. Bauer decided to attack and destroyed them without loss. For which he was awarded the Knight's Cross in September 1943.
After a lengthy stay in hospital recovering from a serious wound in 1944, Bauer was promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) and returned to the SS "Wiking" as a Company commander and by the end of the war promoted to Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant).
Helmut Bauer survived the war and died on the 30 November 1967, in Wertheim am Main.

</doc>
<doc id="20855175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855175" title="Bob Will (baseball)">
Bob Will (baseball)

Robert Lee Will (July 15, 1931 – August 11, 2011) was an American professional baseball player who played outfielder in the Major Leagues between and for the Chicago Cubs.
Born in Berwyn, Illinois, Will threw and batted left-handed, stood tall and weighed . He attended Mankato State University and Northwestern University.
Will played all or parts of six seasons for the Cubs, seeing his only consistent playing time in 1960, when he appeared in 117 games as the Cubs' regular right fielder. Overall, he appeared in 410 MLB games, and collected 202 hits. His pro career began in minor league baseball in 1954 and ended a decade later, after the 1964 campaign.
Bob Will died of cancer on August 11, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20855181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855181" title="Matthew Freeman">
Matthew Freeman

Matthew Freeman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20855205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855205" title="Chondrodermatitis nodularis chronica helicis">
Chondrodermatitis nodularis chronica helicis

Chondrodermatitis nodularis chronica helicis (also known as "Chondrodermatitis nodularis helicis") is a small, nodular, tender, chronic inflammatory lesion occurring on the helix of the ear, occurring most often in men.

</doc>
<doc id="20855210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855210" title="Scot Thompson (baseball)">
Scot Thompson (baseball)

Vernon Scot Thompson (born December 7, 1955) is a former a professional baseball player who played outfielder in the Major Leagues from to for the Chicago Cubs, Montreal Expos, and San Francisco Giants.
He was born in Grove City, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20855212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855212" title="Cortelia Clark">
Cortelia Clark

Cortelia Clark (c. 1907, Chicago, Illinois, United States – December 24, 1969, Nashville, Tennessee) was an African American blues singer and guitarist, known for his performances on the streets of Nashville. He won a Grammy for Best Folk Recording in 1967, for the album "Blues In The Street", his only recording.
Life and recordings.
Clark lost his sight after an operation in the mid-1950s, and began playing and singing blues songs on street corners in Nashville. He also sold shopping bags, on 5th Avenue between Church and Union Streets, among other locations. Around 1964, Mike Weesner, a student at Peabody College, made a demo tape of Clark at Globe Studio. This came to the attention of Bob Ferguson and Chet Atkins of RCA Nashville. Felton Jarvis, Elvis Presley's producer, was enlisted to produce the album. In December 1965, Weesner and Jarvis persuaded RCA to record Clark on the sidewalk, complete with prominently featured (but overdubbed) street noises and interactions with city dwellers. Clark performed both original songs and variations of familiar pop, country and blues tunes, including the Everly Brothers' hit "Bye Bye Love", Blind Boy Fuller's "Truckin' My Blues Away", and "Walk Right In" as popularised by the Rooftop Singers. 
Despite the record selling fewer than 1,000 copies, Jarvis submitted it to the Recording Academy in the Folk category for 1966 record releases, which it went on to win ahead of other nominees including Ravi Shankar, Peter, Paul and Mary and Pete Seeger. However, the success had little impact on Clark, who continued to perform on the streets and was never recorded again. He died in 1969 in a house fire, after his kerosene heater exploded.
Tributes.
In 1973 singer/songwriter Mickey Newbury wrote and recorded a song, "Cortelia Clark", based on his knowledge of the real Clark, on the album "Heaven Help the Child". A live version was issued on Newbury's 1988 album "In a New Age". Newbury said: "In Nashville...there was an old man there I used to go in and listen to all the time...he was really a great old guy... I was in San Francisco... I got back home, picked up all of newspapers and went inside, started reading through them. Found out he had burned to death in his trailer while I was gone. I don't know how much it will mean ever to him, but this is a song I wrote about him." The song has subsequently been recorded by other artists including the Kingston Trio, and Josh White Jr., who released a 2000 album of the same title.

</doc>
<doc id="20855220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855220" title="Henry Jenner Scobell">
Henry Jenner Scobell

Major-General Sir Henry Jenner "Harry" Scobell, KCVO, CB (2 January 1859 – 1 February 1912) was a British military leader who served as the last officer in command of Cape Colony before the formation of the Union of South Africa.
Life and career.
Education and early service with the Scots Greys.
Scobell was born in Hanover Square. After attending Eton College, rather than attend Sandhurst, Scobell obtained a commission as a second lieutenant in the Worcester Militia in 1878. In 1879, he obtained a transfer from the militia, joining the 2nd Dragoons (RoyalScots Greys).
Over the next ten years, saw little active service, but Scobell achieved promotion to captain by 1886. In 1889, he was seconded from the Scots Greys to serve as the adjutant of the Royal Wiltshire Yeomanry. In 1896, Scobell would be promoted to major in the Scots Greys.
With the Scots Greys in South Africa.
In 1899, Scobell deployed with his regiment to South Africa to fight in the Boer War. At the start of the war, Major Scobell commanded C Squadron. Initially, the regiment patrolled the area between the Orange and Modder rivers. With the start of Lord Roberts' offensive against the Boer Republics, Scobell saw his first action at the Battle of Paardeberg before participating in the relief of Kimberly.
Following the battle of Paarderberg, Scobell's squadron captured a strategic hill east of Bloemfontein. With 65 men, Scobell rode 35 miles, forcing his way past the Boer commandos defending the rail line in order seize the heights. Through the night, Scobbel's men held the hill despite being outnumbered by Boer commandos.
Scobell's squadron was left at Utival (also known as Zilikats Nek). There they were eventually joined by five companies from the 2nd battalion, the Lincolnshire Regiment, with a section of guns from O Battery, RHA. While Scobell had kept a strong picket line out to watch for Boer commandos, this was changed when he was superseded as the commander of the garrison. With the Scots Greys came under the command of an infantry colonel, the picket outposts were decreased. This allowed when the outpost was attacked by a force of Boer commandos on 10 July 1900. Most of the squadron was captured during the disaster which ensued. The defeat allowed the Boers to hold Zilikats Nek. Scobell was able to escape with part of his command, having to shoot their way through the Boer commandos
After nearly dying in the battle at Zilikat's Nek in the Magaliesberg, he captured Barberton. A review of the action at Zilikats's Nek exonerated Scobell and he was given the local rank of lieutenant-colonel on 1 December 1900 and placed in command of the 1st Regiment, Brabant Horse. On 27 July 1901, Scobell was ordered to assume command of the 5th Royal Irish Lancers.
As part of the British effort to defeat the Boer insurgency, General French appointed Scobell to command a column of cavalry. Scobell's command including detachments from the 9th Lancers and the Cape Mounted Rifles. One of the most effective commandos operating in the Cape Province was the band commanded by Commandant Lotter. In the midst of a six day mission, Scobell received information that Lotter's commando was laagered near the town of Petersburg in a gorge called Groenkloof. Quickly acting on the new intelligence, Scobell's column surprised Lotter's commando at the Battle of Groenkloof on 5 September 1901. In exchange for 10 dead troopers, Scobell's column killed 13, wounded 46 and captured the rest of Lotter's command, effectively destroying one of the most successful Boer units operating in the Cape. In recognition of his success, Scobell was granted the brevet rank of Colonel.
Post-war service.
With the end of the war approaching, Scobell returned to London on board the steamer "Plassy" in February 1902. His brevet rank was confirmed and he was transferred back to his old regiment, the Scots Greys, as its commander on 2 August 1902. He became a Major-General in 1903 and inspector of cavalry in 1907. From 1909 he commanded the British garrison in South Africa. His final posting was as General Officer Commanding Cape District, the position he held until 1911. He died in Rondebosch.

</doc>
<doc id="20855221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855221" title="Loring R-3">
Loring R-3

__NOTOC__
The Loring R-3 was a 1920s Spanish two-seat sesquiplane reconnaissance aircraft designed by Comandante (Major) D. Eduardo Barron and built by Dr. Jorge Loring's company — Talleres Loring. The plane had two tandem open cockpits and was powered by a 600 hp (447 kW) Hispano-Suiza engine. Some R-3s remained in service until the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855234" title="Carlos Lezcano">
Carlos Lezcano

Carlos Manuel Lezcano (born September 30, 1955), is a former professional baseball player who played outfielder in the Major Leagues from to for the Chicago Cubs. 
Early life.
He was born in Arecibo, Puerto Rico.
Manager.
He is currently the manager of the Lake Elsinore Storm, a minor league affiliate of the San Diego Padres. On November 29, 2013, the Cangrejeros de Santurce announced that Lezcano would replace José David Flores as manager of the team.

</doc>
<doc id="20855236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855236" title="Oral submucous fibrosis">
Oral submucous fibrosis

Oral submucous fibrosis (OSF) is a chronic, complex, irreversible, highly potent pre-cancerous condition characterized by juxta-epithelial inflammatory reaction and progressive fibrosis of the submucosal tissues (lamina propria and deeper connective tissues). As the disease progresses, the jaws become rigid to the point that the sufferer is unable to open his mouth. The condition is linked to oral cancers and is associated with areca nut chewing, the main component of betel quid. Areca nut or betel quid chewing, a habit similar to tobacco chewing, is practiced predominately in Southeast Asia and India, dating back thousands of years.
History.
In 1952, J. Schwartz coined the term "atrophica idiopathica mucosa oris" to describe an oral fibrosing disease he discovered in five Indian women from Kenya. S.G. Joshi subsequently coined the termed oral submucous fibrosis (OSF) for the condition in 1953.
Classification.
Oral submucous fibrosis is clinically divided into three stages:
Khanna and Andrade in 1995 developed a group classification system for the surgical management of trismus:
Pathogenesis.
Chronic exposure to beetel nuts, chilli, pepper and prolonged deficiency of iron and zinc may lead to an alteration in oral mucosa, which causes hypersensitivity to these irritants.
This hypersensitivity reaction may often results in a juxta-epithelial inflammation that leads to increased fibroblastic activity resulting in formation of collagen fibres in lamina propria.
These collagen fibers are non degradable and the phagocytic activity is minimized.
Symptoms.
In the initial phase of the disease, the mucosa feels leathery with palpable fibrotic bands. In the advanced stage the oral mucosa loses its resiliency and becomes blanched and stiff. The disease is believed to begin in the posterior part of the oral cavity and gradually spread outward.
Other features of the disease include: 
Causes.
Dried products such as paan masala and gutkha have higher concentrations of areca nut and appear to cause the disease
Common sufferers.
The incidence of the disease is higher in people from certain parts of the world including South-East Asia, South Africa and Middle East.
Treatment.
Biopsy screening is mandatory before treatment. Treatment includes:
Treatment also includes following:
The treatment of patients with oral submucous fibrosis depends on the degree of clinical involvement. If the disease is detected at a very early stage, cessation of the habit is sufficient. Most patients with oral submucous fibrosis present with moderate-to-severe disease. Moderate-to-severe oral submucous fibrosis is irreversible. Medical treatment is symptomatic and predominantly aimed at improving mouth movements.
Stem cell therapy for oral submucosal fibrosis.
Recently scientists have proven that intralesional injection of autologous bone marrow stem cells is a safe and effective treatment modality in oral sub mucosal fibrosis. It has been shown autologous bone marrow stem cell injections induces angiogenesis in the area of lesion which in turn decreases the extent of fibrosis thereby leading to significant increase in mouth opening.

</doc>
<doc id="20855240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855240" title="A Dangerous Maid">
A Dangerous Maid

A Dangerous Maid is a musical with a book by Charles W. Bell, music by George Gershwin and lyrics by Ira Gershwin (writing under the pseudonym "Arthur Francis"). The script is based on Bell's 1918 play "A Dislocated Honeymoon". The story concerns an ex-showgirl who elopes with a society boy, but his family tries to break up the marriage. The Gershwins wrote ten songs for the musical, eight of which were used in the production, which premiered in Atlantic City, New Jersey on March 21, 1921. It toured through several cities and ended in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where it closed on April 16, 1921. 
The show was George Gershwin's second book musical and his first full score written with his brother Ira. The book is believed to be lost. The show is one of the few Gershwin musicals that never made it to Broadway. The book was revised and retitled Elsie and, later, entirely new music was written for it by Eubie Blake and others. This version was produced on Broadway in April 1923. Even though "Elsie" ran for only 40 performances, it made history as a rare early example of black songwriters writing for white performers. No one knows why director Edgar MacGregor abandoned the Gershwin score. Several of the songs were later reused, and Ella Fitzgerald had a success in 1959 with her recording of "Boy Wanted".
Plot.
Elsie Crofton, age eighteen, is a former chorus girl. She has given up the stage to elope with wealthy, spoiled, but good-hearted Harry Hammond, the son of a government contractor. Harry's parents, Phillip and Eleanor, his sister Margery and her fiancé Fred Blakely consider Elsie dangerous to their social position and oppose the marriage. They arrange for Harry to go to a family construction site, to interrupt the honeymoon, and send Elsie to stay at their summer home, where their family friends Alfie and Anne Westford are also staying.
The family plans to destroy the marriage by placing Elsie in a compromising position with the willing and eager Fred. Anne also reveals her prejudices against Elsie. Elsie soon grasps the situation and decides to take action. She flirts with all the men, which dismays her visiting husband, but she gains the sympathies of Phillip, Fred and Alfie. Eleanor, Margery and Anne are furious, but Elsie reveals their scheme, and everybody reconciles.
Productions.
"A Dangerous Maid" debuted in Atlantic City on March 21, 1921 with the production designed by the Robert Law Studios and staged by Edgar MacGregor, with help from Eddie Leonard and Julian Alfred and musical direction by Harold Vicars. The show featured Juliette Day as Elsie, Creighton Hale as Harry, Frederic Burt as Philip, Amelia Bingham as Eleanor, Juanita Fletcher as Margery, Vinton Freedley as Fred, Arthur Shaw as Alfie, and Ada Meade as Anne. After Atlantic City, the show toured through Wilmington, Delaware, Baltimore, Maryland, Washington, D.C. and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, receiving warm reviews. During the tour, Vivienne Segal replaced Juliette Day and MacGregor renamed the show "Elsie". When the tour closed, MacGregor announced the show would be revised before any Broadway run.
Two years later, the show finally made it to Broadway, retaining the name "Elsie", but with a rewritten book and a new score by Noble Sissle and Eubie Blake. Extra numbers were contributed by Alma Sanders and Monte Carlo. "Elsie" ran for 40 performances. Freedley played Harry this time, Burt and Meade returned as Philip and Anne, Stanley Ridges played Fred, Maude Turner Gordon played Eleanor, and Marguerite Zender was Elsie.
In popular culture.
In Season 2 of the television series "Boardwalk Empire", Episode 3 takes its name from this musical, as a character rehearses for a role in "A Dangerous Maid".

</doc>
<doc id="20855247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855247" title="José Ortiz (outfielder)">
José Ortiz (outfielder)

José Luis Ortiz Irizarry (June 25, 1947 – January 20, 2011) was a Puerto Rican professional baseball player, an outfielder who played in the Major Leagues between to for the Chicago Cubs and Chicago White Sox. Born in Ponce, Puerto Rico, Ortiz threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Ortiz appeared in 67 Major League games played over parts of those three seasons, including 36 for the 1971 Cubs. He collected 37 hits, including nine doubles and one triple. He had a .301 career average in 123 at bats. He played eleven seasons and 1,159 games in minor league baseball, retiring after the 1976 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20855253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855253" title="P-10 radar">
P-10 radar

The "Pegmantit 10" or P-10 (also referred to by the NATO reporting name "Knife Rest B" in the west) was an early 2D VHF radar developed and operated by the former Soviet Union.
Development.
The "Pegmantit 10" which is abbreviated to P-10 was a development of the earlier P-8 radar, itself a development of one of the first early warning and ground control radars to be developed by the former Soviet Union, the P-3 radar. The P-10 radar was developed and successfully tested between 1951 and 1953, incorporating the achievements of the P-8 in addition to many new improvements and was accepted into operational service by the end of 1953. The P-10 was developed by the SKB Design Bureau, a division of State Plant No.197 named after V. I. Lenin who developed the previous P-8, the predecessor of the current Nizhniy Novgorod Research Institute of Radio Engineering (NNIIRT). Between 1956 and 1957 the P-10 and legacy P-8 radar were equipped with improved clutter suppression equipment allowing for cancellation of clutter moving up to 30 m/s, cancellation was improved by a factor of 5 compared with no cancellation.
Description.
The P-10 shares many similarities with the earlier P-8; the P-10 was also mounted in two ZiL trucks. The P-10 used a single antenna accomplishing both transmission and reception, the antenna was composed of four Yagi antennas mounted in sets of two with one set above the other. The antenna mast was mounted directly to the Zil transport truck, previous radar like the P-8 had a free standing mast, the advantage of the P-10 mast was that it could be deployed and stowed much faster than before, improving the mobility of the radar. Azimuth was scanned mechanically by the antenna with elevation determined using a Goniometer in similar fashion to the original P-3. The P-10 used a plan position indicator in addition to an A-scope to indicate height, the radar had a maximum power output of up to 100 kW and a pulse width of 4-12 microseconds. A secondary radar for IFF was generally used in conjunction with the P-8 such as the NRS-12 (NATO "Score Board"). In addition to incorporating a means of passive clutter suppression the P-10 was also able to alter its carrier frequency to improve resistance to both passive clutter and active jamming techniques.
Operators.
The P-10 was operated by the Soviet Union from 1953 but has long since become obsolete and retired from service, replaced by more advanced models entering into service after the P-10 such as the P-12 radar.

</doc>
<doc id="20855256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855256" title="Conservatoire botanique national alpin de Gap-Charance">
Conservatoire botanique national alpin de Gap-Charance

The Conservatoire botanique national alpin de Gap-Charance is a national conservatory specializing in alpine plants, located in the Domaine de Charance, about 4 km northwest of Gap, Hautes-Alpes, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.
The conservatory was established in 2004 by national statute to study and conserve alpine species in seven adjacent French départements: Ain, Alpes de Haute-Provence, Hautes-Alpes, Drôme, Isère, Savoie, and Haute-Savoie. It is housed within the old stables of the Domaine de Charance, and maintains a small garden with greenhouses as well as an herbarium of about 100,00 specimens. The larger domain comprises 220 hectares, with terraced garden, English park, and about 1500 varieties of old roses, 800 varieties of pears, and 550 varieties of apple trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20855264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855264" title="Elder White">
Elder White

Elder Lafayette White (December 23, 1933 – November 26, 2010) was an American professional baseball player who played 23 games (primarily as a shortstop) in the Major Leagues in for the Chicago Cubs. Born in Colerain, North Carolina, he attended Chowan College. He stood tall, weighed , and threw and batted right-handed.
White began the 1962 season on the Cubs' roster, and he started nine games at shortstop during the month of April, batting only .158 during the month. He later appeared in seven more games, starting five at shortstop, late in May and in early June. Altogether, he collected eight hits in the Majors, including two doubles, and stole three bases. He played 12 seasons of minor league baseball (1952; 1955–1965), with his most successful year also coming in 1962, when he batted .301 with 11 home runs for the Double-A San Antonio Missions.

</doc>
<doc id="20855268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855268" title="Fascial hernia">
Fascial hernia

Fascial hernias in the form of nodules appear in the skin where the deep and superficial veins meet going through the fascia, most frequently occurring on the lower extremities, becoming prominent when the underlying muscles contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20855276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855276" title="Joe Strain">
Joe Strain

Joseph Allan Strain (born April 30, 1954) is a former a professional baseball player who was a infielder in the Major Leagues from to for the San Francisco Giants and Chicago Cubs.
Strain currently resides in the Home Rule Municipality of Centennial, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="20855285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855285" title="Samaksan">
Samaksan

Samaksan is a mountain in the city of Chuncheon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20855292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855292" title="Moe Thacker">
Moe Thacker

Morris Benton Thacker (May 21, 1934 – November 13, 1997), was an American professional baseball player. His usual position was catcher. He played from 1958 to 1963 for the Chicago Cubs and the St. Louis Cardinals.
Thacker was born and died in Louisville, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="20855298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855298" title="Danny Fowler">
Danny Fowler

Danny Fowler born (28 November 1970) in Pudsey, West Yorkshire is an English former professional snooker player. In the 1993 World Championship, Fowler played the defending two-time World Champion Stephen Hendry in the first round but lost 1–10.

</doc>
<doc id="20855323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855323" title="Sambangsan">
Sambangsan

Sambangsan is a mountain in the counties of Pyeongchang and Yeongwol, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .
References.
Korea has named M.T Sanbangsan .
\M.T Sanbangsan in Jeju is very famous.
M.T Sanbangsan belong here beautiful places in jeju
M.T Sanbangsan is 395m high.
And.. Infornt of M.T Sanbangsan is commemoration stone image of hammel
Sambangsan is an interesting regend.
One day one hunter went to hunt the deer.
So, The hunter shoots the arrow but fixed the hip of the god.
The god gets angry that threw out of Hallasan top.
The Hallasan top carried until the west.
Is like this... Sambangsan made it.
There is a sea cave at the height above sea level of about 150m to the south of Mountain Sanbang.
Also, near by Sambangsan is famous tourist resort in Jeju
Near by Sambangsan is one of famous tourist resrt in Jeju, It is Sambang carbonic acid a hot spring.
If you will tour in Jeju, You shoul see the Sambangsan and relex in Sambang carbonic acid a hot spring.

</doc>
<doc id="20855326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855326" title="Clement Mitchell">
Clement Mitchell

Clement Mitchell (20 February 1862 - 6 October 1937) was an English sportsman who represented the England national football team and played first-class cricket with Kent.
Mitchell was the first ever Englishman to score a hat-trick against Wales in an international, kicking goals in the 16th, 70th and 90th minutes of their 1883 clash at Kennington Oval. A centre-forward, he also kicked a goal in a loss to Scotland a month later and in a 1-1 draw with Wales at the 1885 British Home Championship.
He played eight first-class matches as a left-handed batsman for Kent between 1890 and 1892. He scored just 126 runs at 9.69 with a highest score of 38 not out.

</doc>
<doc id="20855335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855335" title="Infantile myofibromatosis">
Infantile myofibromatosis

Infantile myofibromatosis (also known as "Congenital generalized fibromatosis," and "Congenital multicentric fibromatosis") is the most common fibrous tumor of infancy, in which eighty percent of patients have solitary lesions with half of these occurring on the head and neck, and 60% are present at or soon after birth.

</doc>
<doc id="20855349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855349" title="Hotel Blessing">
Hotel Blessing

Hotel Blessing is a historic hotel located in Blessing, Texas, United States. The hotel was designed by Jules Leffland of Victoria. The hotel has been a community gathering place since it opened in 1907 The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 1, 1979.
Hotel Blessing was built by Jonathan Edwards Pierce, Blessing's founder. It was designed in an unusual expression of the Mission Revival style using an entirely wood facade instead adobe or plaster over brick. 
Pierce built the hotel to provide lodging for land seekers settling the region and traveling salesmen. The hotel was refinished and painted in the 1930s. During World War II, wives and girlfriends of soldiers at Camp Hulen in Palacios would frequent the inn. Since World War II, the camp closed and freight train service stopped. The hotel stopped renting rooms in 1972. 
In 1977, Able Pierce, Jonathan Pierce's grandson, and his wife Ruth renovated and reopened the hotel. The hotel was deeded to the Blessing Historical Society, which currently operates the hotel. The hotel has 25 rooms, most which have a semiprivate bathroom or share a bathroom in a hall. The hotel also has a popular coffee shop, where locals gather to discuss community events.

</doc>
<doc id="20855353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855353" title="Nikon AF Zoom-Nikkor 35-70 mm f/3.3-4.5">
Nikon AF Zoom-Nikkor 35-70 mm f/3.3-4.5

The Nikon AF Zoom-Nikkor 35–70 mm 3.3-4.5 is one of Nikon's zoom lenses for the 35 mm format. The combination of low cost and convenience makes this a popular lens among many photographers.

</doc>
<doc id="20855364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855364" title="Infantile systemic hyalinosis">
Infantile systemic hyalinosis

Infantile systemic hyalinosis or juvenile systemic hyalinosis is an allelic autosomal-recessive condition characterized by multiple skin nodules, hyaline deposition, gingival hypertrophy, osteolytic bone lesions, and joint contractures.

</doc>
<doc id="20855384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855384" title="Mawlamyine Railway Station">
Mawlamyine Railway Station

Mawlamyine Railway Station () is a railway station located in Mawlamyine, Mon State, Myanmar on Myanmar Railways' Bago-Mawlamyine-Dawei line. The two-story station is long and wide, and has a total floor area of 638,000 square feet.
History.
During the British colonial era, the Moulmein Railway Station was the terminus of isolated Mawlamyine-Ye line on the Tanintharyi coast. The line from Yangon stopped at Mottama (Martaban), and passengers had to take a ferry over the Thanlwin River (Salween River) to Mawlamyine. Only in 2006, with the opening of the Thanlwin Bridge, did a direct link to the rest of the national rail network become possible. A new station, reportedly built to the standards of an "ASEAN railway station", was opened on 17 April 2006. The station is located in Myenigon, approximately 3 km east of the city's main market, Zegyi.
Service.
The station is part of the country's national rail network. Myanmar Railways, the country's sole railway operator, offers two trains services per day, the first leaving Yangon at 7:00 am and arriving Mawlamyine at 5:00 pm, and the next service leaving Yangon 10:00 am and arriving Mawlamyine at 9:00 pm. For the return journey back to Yangon, the morning service departs Mawlamyine at 6:00 am and arrives Yangon at 5:00 PM and the next train departs Mawlamyine at 8:30 am and arrives Yangon at 8:00 pm.

</doc>
<doc id="20855389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855389" title="2001 Canada Masters and the Rogers AT&amp;T Cup">
2001 Canada Masters and the Rogers AT&amp;T Cup

The 2001 Canada Masters and the Rogers AT&T Cup were tennis tournaments played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 112th edition of the Canada Masters and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2001 ATP Tour and of Tier I of the 2001 WTA Tour. The men's event took place at the du Maurier Stadium in Montreal in Canada from July 30 through August 5, 2001 and the women's event at the National Tennis Centre in Toronto in Canada from August 13 through August 19, 2001.
The men's draw was headlined by World No. 1, Monte Carlo, Rome and French Open champion Gustavo Kuerten, ATP No. 3 and reigning US Open champion Marat Safin and Indian Wells, Miami and Australian Open champion Andre Agassi. Other top seeds were Rome finalist Juan Carlos Ferrero, Queen's Club and 's-Hertogenbosch champion Lleyton Hewitt, Yevgeny Kafelnikov, Tim Henman and Àlex Corretja.
The women's draw featured WTA No. 2, Australian Open and French Open champion Jennifer Capriati, 's-Hertogenbosch winner and Wimbledon runner-up Justine Henin and Berlin champion Amélie Mauresmo. Also competing were Indian Wells champion Serena Williams, former World No. 1 Monica Seles, Elena Dementieva, Amanda Coetzer and Magdalena Maleeva.

</doc>
<doc id="20855393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855393" title="Samyeongsan">
Samyeongsan

Samyeongsan is a mountain between the counties of Yanggu, Hwacheon and the city of Chuncheon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20855401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855401" title="Raymundo Favila">
Raymundo Favila

Raymundo Acosta Favila is a Filipino mathematician. He has his Ph D. from the University of California, Berkley from 1939, and had his career at the University of the Philippines in Manila. Dr. Raymundo Favila was elected as Academician of the National Academy of Science and Technology in 1979. He was one of those who initiated mathematics in the Philippines. He contributed extensively to the progression of mathematics and the mathematics learning in the country. He has made fundamental studies such as on stratifiable congruences and geometric inequalities. Dr. Favila has also co-authored textbooks in algebra and trigonometry.
Dissertation: On the Projective Differential Geometry of Certain Systems of Linear Homogeneous Partial Differential Equations of the First Order, with Special Applications 

</doc>
<doc id="20855408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855408" title="Diffuse infantile fibromatosis">
Diffuse infantile fibromatosis

Diffuse infantile fibromatosis is a condition affecting infants during the first 3 years of life. It is usually confined to the muscles of the arms, neck, and shoulder area. There is a multicentric infiltration of muscle fibers with fibroblasts resembling those seen in aponeurotic fibromas.

</doc>
<doc id="20855419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855419" title="Baró de Viver (Barcelona Metro)">
Baró de Viver (Barcelona Metro)

Baró de Viver is a station of the Barcelona Metro, in the Baró de Viver area of Sant Andreu, a northern district of Barcelona. It's served by L1 (red line) and operated by Transports Metropolitans de Barcelona (TMB). The station opened in 1983 as the line grew from its terminus in Torras i Bages towards the municipality of Santa Coloma de Gramenet. It's located under the southern side of the busy Nus de la Trinitat, next to the Besòs river bank.

</doc>
<doc id="20855437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855437" title="Aggressive infantile fibromatosis">
Aggressive infantile fibromatosis

Aggressive infantile fibromatosis is a locally recurring, non-metastasizing lesion, presenting with a single or multiple fast-growing masses that are present at birth or occur within the first year of life.

</doc>
<doc id="20855440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855440" title="2005 Speedway World Cup Event 1">
2005 Speedway World Cup Event 1

The 2005 Speedway World Cup Event 1 was the first race of the 2005 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on July 31, 2005 in the Abbey Stadium in Swindon, Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="20855443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855443" title="The Great Commandment">
The Great Commandment

The Great Commandment is a Christian film directed by Irving Pichel, which portrays the conversion to Christianity of a young Zealot, Joel, and the Roman soldier Longinus through the teachings of Jesus in his Parable of the Good Samaritan. It was co-produced by Rev. James K. Friedrich and released by Cathedral Films in 1939. Its theatrical release was in 1941 by Twentieth Century Fox.
Plot.
The film takes place in 30 A.D. Judea in a fictional village near Jerusalem. The protagonist is Joel, the elder son of the village rabbi Lamech. Lamech wants Joel to follow in his footsteps as a scribe and rabbi, but Joel is secretly a zealot leader, believing that more must be done to help his nation than studying the Scriptures. He is also secretly in love with Tamar, the daughter of the carpet merchant Jemuel, and he overhears his father and Jemuel arranging a marriage between Tamar and one of Lamech's sons. Unfortunately for Joel it turns out to be his younger brother Zadok, an impetuous zealot, whom Joel has to protect from his own recklessness. A crisis is brought about by the arrival of a troop of soldiers led by a centurion, Longinus, who issues the demand for a special tax to be collected by a tax collector traveling with them. Zadok and other zealots organize the release of prisoners taken by the soldiers, which moves Longinus to plan a massacre of the men of the village. Zadok wants to attack the Romans right away, but Joel feels that a larger resistance is needed through someone reputed to be the coming Messiah, Jesus. Joel runs afoul of his father in declaring his love for Tamar, whom his father wants wedded to Zadok, and in revealing that he is a zealot leader. 
With the sword of the zealots entrusted to him, Joel goes out to find Jesus in order to enlist His leadership of their cause. is not presented directly in this film, but only as a reflection in water, as the glow of light on His listeners, and by way of the voice of Irving Pichel, the director. Joel meets Jesus' disciples, Andrew and Judas Iscariot, who have two different ideas about Jesus' mission. Judas, like the zealots, thinks that Jesus should be a military and political leader who would lead his people against the Romans. Joel confronts Jesus with the sword of the zealots, and Jesus declines his invitation with the words of Matthew 26:52 "all who take up the sword will perish by the sword."
Joel disappointedly returns to his village just in time for the wedding feast of his brother Zadok and his beloved Tamar. He comes up with the idea that he and the zealots would kidnap Jesus and force His hand to support them. This is forestalled by Jesus' appearance at the village gate where Joel's father is presented as the scribe who asks Jesus, "What is the greatest commandment in the Law? (Luke 10:25-37). Jesus replies with His Parable of the Good Samaritan. The adhortative at the end, "Go and do thou likewise", moves Joel to abandon his plan to kidnap Jesus.
Zadok is told by Nathan the innkeeper that Longinus is vulnerably asleep at his inn, and he gives up going to his bridal bed in order to kill Longinus. Nathan calls Joel and Lamech to the inn because Longinus repulsed Zadok's attack by killing him. The effect of Jesus' words on Joel moves him to keep from killing the unconscious Longinus and standing as a buffer between him and the men of the village, who are thirsting for his blood. When they ask Joel why he is protecting Longinus, he replies that he too is his brother.
Longinus sends word for his soldiers to meet him at the inn, and he has the soldiers arrest Joel and take him to prison in Jerusalem. In prison Joel misses the Passion of Jesus. Tamar is allowed to visit him. They are met by Longinus, who tells Joel that he had him arrested for his own protection from the village mob. He tells him of another wonder: he was a witness of Jesus' crucifixion, and he was the soldier who thrust the spear in His side to make sure He was dead. Longinus throws down the spear, and he, Joel, and Tamar return to the village to witness their Christian faith.

</doc>
<doc id="20855452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855452" title="2010 Australian Open">
2010 Australian Open

The 2010 Australian Open was a tennis tournament that took place in Melbourne Park in Melbourne, Australia, from 18 to 31 January. It was the 98th edition of the Australian Open, and the first Grand Slam event of the year.
In the singles competition, Rafael Nadal and Serena Williams were the defending champions. Williams was able to retain her title with a win over Justine Henin, 6–4, 3–6, 6–2 in the final, while Nadal retired in his quarterfinals match against Andy Murray owing to a quadriceps injury. Roger Federer was the men's champion, defeating finalist Andy Murray in straight sets 6–3, 6–4, 7–6(11).
In doubles, the 2009 champion pairs were successful in their respective title defenses – Bob and Mike Bryan in men's doubles and Serena and Venus Williams in women's doubles. Sania Mirza and Mahesh Bhupathi were not able to defend their mixed doubles title because they withdrew from the event beforehand. In mixed doubles, Cara Black and Leander Paes won the title, which made a mixed doubles career grand slam for Black.
Seniors.
Mixed Doubles.
This was the pair's 3rd consecutive grand slam final and the 4th overall. The victory makes Paes India's joint-lead grand slam winner alongside his ex- doubles partner Mahesh Bhupathi with a total of 11 grand slam doubles titles. This title gave Black a career mixed doubles grand slam, which Black has won one of each slam in mixed doubles.
Prize money.
All prize money is in Australian dollars (A$); doubles prize money is distributed per pair.

</doc>
<doc id="20855455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855455" title="2009 French Open">
2009 French Open

The 2009 French Open (also known as Roland Garros after the famous French aviator) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 108th edition of the French Open, and the second Grand Slam event of the year. It took place at the Stade Roland Garros in Paris, France, from May 24 through June 7, 2009.
Rafael Nadal and Ana Ivanovic were the defending champions. Both were unsuccessful in their title defences, both losing in the fourth round: Nadal to Robin Söderling and Ivanovic to Victoria Azarenka. Nadal's loss to Söderling was his first (and, as of 2013, only) defeat in the tournament since debuting in 2005. Söderling then defeated Nikolay Davydenko and Fernando González on his way to the final, where he was defeated by Roger Federer. Federer equalled Pete Sampras' then-record of 14 Grand Slam titles, and completed his Career Grand Slam by winning the tournament; he had lost the previous three finals to Nadal. Svetlana Kuznetsova, the runner-up to Justine Henin-Hardenne in 2006, was the women's champion this year. She defeated World No. 1 Dinara Safina in the final, avenging a semi-final loss to the same opponent in 2008.
Notable stories.
Rafael Nadal record winning streak, and loss to Robin Söderling.
Entering the tournament, four-time champion Rafael Nadal was unbeaten in French Open singles matches, having won every match and tournament since his debut in 2005. His victory against Russian Teymuraz Gabashvili in the second round on May 27 was his 30th consecutive win, breaking the record for the longest French Open winning streak by a man or woman, held by Chris Evert, who won 29 consecutive matches. Nadal extended the record to 31 consecutive matches by beating Lleyton Hewitt on May 29.
In his fourth round match on May 31, Nadal was defeated by World No. 23 Robin Söderling in four sets, 2–6, 7–6, 4–6, 6–7. The upset result ended Nadal's French Open winning streak at 31 matches; as of 2013, it remains Nadal's only loss in a French Open match. Söderling had never previously reached the fourth round of the French Open in five attempts, let alone the third round of a Grand Slam tournament, and had never previously beaten Nadal in three attempts; the win saw him reach the quarter finals of a Grand Slam tournament for the first time. Söderling proceeded to reach the final, defeating Nikolay Davydenko in straight sets and Fernando González in five sets before losing to Roger Federer in his first Grand Slam final appearance.
Of the upset result, former three-time French Open champion Mats Wilander stated that "Everybody's in a state of shock, I would think. At some point, Nadal was going to lose. But nobody expected it to happen today, and maybe not this year. Now it's a matter of: There's a tournament to be won."
Maria Sharapova's comeback.
After nearly a year out of the sport due to a serious shoulder injury which forced her to miss the 2008 Beijing Olympics, the 2008 US Open and her Australian Open title defence, Maria Sharapova, who had plummeted to as low as World No. 126 during her time away from the sport, entered the tournament ranked World No. 102, and surprised many by reaching the quarter-finals, where she was defeated 6–0, 6–2 by Dominika Cibulková (Sharapova had to defend a match point at 0–6, 0–5 down). Sharapova, unseeded at a Grand Slam for the first time since 2003, had won all of her first four matches in three sets.
Federer's Career Grand Slam.
Roger Federer won the finals against Robin Söderling to finally win the French Open tournament for the first time in his career, after he was beaten in three previous finals by Nadal. With this win, he completed his career Grand Slam, titles in all four Grand Slam tournaments in his career. He became the third male player in the Open era (after Rod Laver and Andre Agassi) and sixth male player in tennis history overall to accomplish the feat.
Day-by-day summaries.
Day 1 (May 24).
Andrey Golubev of Kazakhstan became the first male winner at this year's French Open. French favourites Julie Coin and Mathieu Montcourt enjoyed safe passages through to the second round, but compatriot Mathilde Johansson was unable to use the crowd's advantage, falling to Vitalia Diatchenko 2–6, 6–2, 10–8. Lleyton Hewitt came from 2 tiebreak sets down, taking a third set tiebreak and eventually the match over the 26th seeded Croat Ivo Karlović, winning 6–7(1), 6–7(4), 7–6(4), 6–4, 6–3, to cause the first upset of a seed in the tournament. Karlovic set the new record for the greatest number of aces in the match, serving 55, but couldn't find a way to win. French wildcard Josselin Ouanna came from two sets to one behind to defeat Marcel Granollers, 7–5, 2–6, 3–6, 7–6(2), 6–1. However, Amélie Mauresmo lost to Anna-Lena Grönefeld 6–4, 6–3, to add to her history of early-round exits at Roland Garros. However, seventh seed Gilles Simon recovered from a tight clash with Wayne Odesnik, 4–6, 7–5, 6–2, 4–6, 6–3. Former French Open champion Gastón Gaudio made a disappointing start to his grand slam comeback, losing in straight sets to Radek Štěpánek 6–3, 6–4, 6–1.
Day 2 (May 25).
World number one and top seed Dinara Safina thrashed British Number one Anne Keothavong, 6–0, 6–0 in the first match on Philippe Chatrier, followed by ATP World Tour Champion and four-time defending champion, top seed Rafael Nadal defeating Brazilian qualifier Marcos Daniel 7–5, 6–4, 6–3. Second seed Roger Federer followed with a comfortable victory over Alberto Martín 6–4, 6–3, 6–2. Third seed Venus Williams struggled against Bethanie Mattek-Sands, but won 6–1, 4–6, 6–2. French wildcard Guillaume Rufin, who turned 19 on day 3, upset Eduardo Schwank, who reached the second week last year, 6–1, 6–3, 6–3 to the delight of French fans. However, fans were disappointed to see their Nicolas Devilder fall in five sets (despite holding a two sets to love lead) to seventeenth seed Stanislas Wawrinka, 6–3, 5–7, 2–6, 6–4, 6–4. More disappointment came when Romain Jouan, another wildcard, fell 6–2, 6–4, 6–2 to sixth seed Andy Roddick. However, more good news for American fans followed when Fed Cup heroine Alexa Glatch stunned Flavia Pennetta 6–1, 6–1, to advance to the second round. Kateryna Bondarenko upset Patty Schnyder, and 13th seed Marion Bartoli recovered in an all-French affair to beat Pauline Parmentier 3–6, 6–1, 6–3. Two more French wild cards fell as Uzbekistan's Akgul Amanmuradova defeated Irena Pavlovic and Australian Jarmila Groth beat Kinnie Laisné. Seeds Nikolay Davydenko, Robin Söderling, and Zheng Jie also advanced. Another of the day's upsets came at the hands Colombia's Mariana Duque Mariño, who beat former Top 5 player and 26th seeded Russia's Anna Chakvetadze, winning 3–6, 6–4, 6–4.
Day 3 (May 26).
Serbs Jelena Janković and Novak Djoković had no problems in their second round matches, beating Petra Cetkovská and Nicolás Lapentti respectively. Serena Williams came through a tough tie – in which she squandered eight match points – against Czech Klára Zakopalová to win 6–3, 6–7(5), 6–4. All French seeds came through unscathed with victories for Marion Bartoli, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, Paul-Henri Mathieu and Gaël Monfils. The United States' hopes of having a French Open champion took a big blow as James Blake and Mardy Fish both lost to Argentinian opponents. Fish lost to Máximo González 6–3, 1–6, 6–4, 7–6(4), and Blake, the highest seed to fall on Day 3, was beaten convincingly by Argentinian qualifier Leonardo Mayer 7–6(6), 7–5, 6–2. Number 27 seed Rainer Schüttler was comprehensively beaten by home favourite Marc Gicquel 6–0, 6–0, 6–4 and Chinese number 31 seed Shuai Peng was the only women's seed to go out, as she lost to Spain's María José Martínez Sánchez 1–6, 6–2, 6–4. There were victories for 10th seeded Dane Caroline Wozniacki, former finalist Svetlana Kuznetsova, Olympic gold medallist Elena Dementieva and World No. 5 Juan Martín del Potro.
Day 4 (May 27).
Day 4 saw the start of the second round matches in both the men's and women's draws. The first match up on Court Philippe Chatrier was world number 3 Andy Murray, who he faced Italian world number 104 Potito Starace. Murray was made to work hard, as Starace took control of the tie and levelled the match at one set all. At 5–1 in the third set, Murray worked his way back to reel of 6 games in a row, and went on the win 6–3, 2–6, 7–5, 6–4. World number 1 Dinara Safina was first up on Court Suzanne Lenglen, and made light work of Vitalia Diatchenko, winning 6–1, 6–1. Defending women's champion Ana Ivanovic also won comprehensively, beating Tamarine Tanasugarn to enter the third round. French tennis fans had reason to cheer as number 15 seed Alizé Cornet resumed her match from day 3, and beat Maret Ani 6–4, 7–5 to advance to the second round. Another Frenchwoman, Aravane Rezaï beat Slovenian qualifier Polona Hercog to book a tie with Portuguese qualifier Michelle Larcher de Brito in the third round, who beat number 15 seed Jie Zheng earlier in the day. Unseeded Maria Sharapova faced number 11 seed Nadia Petrova in her first match against a top 20 player since her 10-month absence from the tour due to injury. A gutsy Sharapova came through with a 3 sets victory, 8–6 in the third. Gilles Simon was the only seeded Frenchman playing on day 4, and made swift work of American Robert Kendrick 7–5, 6–0, 6–1. Defending champion Rafael Nadal made history by becoming the first person to win 30 consecutive matches at Roland Garros by beating Teymuraz Gabashvili. French wildcard Josselin Ouanna caused perhaps the biggest upset of the day by beating number 20 seed Marat Safin in an epic five set match, in which he won the final set 10–8.
The first matches of the doubles competition were played, with World No. 1 team Liezel Huber & Cara Black, Květa Peschke & Lisa Raymond, defending champions Anabel Medina Garrigues & Virginia Ruano Pascual and Samantha Stosur & Rennae Stubbs were amongst the first to advance to the second round of the women's doubles.
On the men's side, defending champions Pablo Cuevas & Luis Horna, Lukáš Dlouhý & Leander Paes, Bruno Soares & Kevin Ullyett and Mariusz Fyrstenberg & Marcin Matkowski all advanced to the second round. However, number 7 seeds Andy Ram & Max Mirnyi and number 10 seeds Marcelo Melo & André Sá suffered shock first round defeats.
Schedule of play
Day 5 (May 28).
Day 5 got off to a slow start from a French perspective, as number 13 seed and home favourite Marion Bartoli succumbed to Tathiana Garbin of Italy in straight sets on Court Philippe Chatrier. And the day got worse for France as number 21 seed Alizé Cornet could not find her way past Romanian teenager Sorana Cîrstea. However, they did have some consolation, as Virginie Razzano navigated her way past Anabel Medina Garrigues, and booked a place in the third round to play Bartoli conqueror Garbin. On Court Suzanne Lenglen, Serb Jelena Janković had little problem in seeing off Slovakian opponent Magdaléna Rybáriková, 6–1, 6–2. Venus Williams was made to work very hard to make the third round, as she went the distance with Lucie Šafářová, narrowly winning the final set 7–5. There were also victories for Elena Dementieva, Agnieszka Radwańska, former finalist Svetlana Kuznetsova and 2002 champion Serena Williams.
Meanwhile in the men's draw, Roger Federer was first up on Court Philippe Chatrier as he faced clay court specialist José Acasuso. Roger narrowly won the first set 7–6(8) in a first set tie-break, but Acasuso was not ready to falter, and came back stronger in the second set and eventually winning 7–5. Acasuso continued to put up strong resistance and took Federer to a third set tie-break, however Federer was too strong and won, from thereon Federer had little problem dispatching Acasuso winning the match 7–6(8), 5–7, 7–6(2), 6–2. Federer's victory set him up with a third round tie with Frenchman Paul-Henri Mathieu. After disappointed from the French ladies, the men did not disappoint. Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, Gaël Monfils and Jérémy Chardy and Marc Gicquel all advanced to the third round. No seeds were knocked out, as there were victories from number 5 seed Juan Martín del Potro, Andy Roddick, Novak Djoković and Tommy Robredo, Philipp Kohlschreiber and Igor Andreev and Jürgen Melzer.
There was only one shocking exit from the men's doubles on the day, as Jeff Coetzee & Jordan Kerr were knocked out by the hands of Jaroslav Levinský & Igor Zelenay. Bob & Mike Bryan, Daniel Nestor & Nenad Zimonjić, Rik de Voest & Ashley Fisher and Łukasz Kubot & Oliver Marach all secured places in the second round of the doubles.
There no upsets in the women's doubles, as all seeds made safe progress through to the second round including Serena & Venus Williams and Květa Peschke & Lisa Raymond.
On day 5, the mixed doubles got under way, which saw just one upset. Nenad Zimonjić & Zi Yan fell to the hands of Bruno Soares & Alisa Kleybanova. Cara Black & Leander Paes, Lisa Raymond & Marcin Matkowski, Nadia Petrova & Max Mirnyi and Elena Vesnina & Daniel Nestor all advanced to the second round.
Schedule of play
Day 6 (May 29).
There were mixed French fortunes on Day 6. Aravane Rezaï beat Michelle Larcher de Brito to move into the fourth round. The newest French star, Josselin Ouanna, saw his run come to an end at the hands of 12th seeded Chilean Fernando González, 7–5, 6–3, 7–5. Following that, Gilles Simon, seeded 7th, suffered a collapse to 30th seed Victor Hănescu 6–4, 6–4, 6–2. Rafael Nadal, the four-time defending champion and World Number 1, looked in stellar form as he continued his undefeated run against Lleyton Hewitt, a former holder of the top ranking, 6–1, 6–3, 6–1. Stanislas Wawrinka was eliminated in four sets by tenth seeded Nikolay Davydenko, whilst Fernando Verdasco beat countryman Nicolás Almagro and Robin Söderling, the 23rd seed, set up a clash with Nadal by beating David Ferrer in four sets. Ágnes Szávay stunned third seed Venus Williams 6–0, 6–4, and Novak Djokovic beat Sergiy Stakhovsky. Additionally, defending champion Ana Ivanovic, Đoković's compatriot, advanced convincingly over Iveta Benešová, seeded 32nd, 6–0, 6–2. Andy Murray led Janko Tipsarević two sets to love before the Serb retired.
Schedule of play
Day 7 (May 30).
Schedule of play
Day 8 (May 31).
Day 8 saw Rafael Nadal lose his first ever match at French Open to Swede Robin Söderling, which ended his streak of 31 wins in a row at Roland Garros. Also out was defending women's champion Ana Ivanovic. Former world number 1 Maria Sharapova continued her miraculous run by defeating Li Na 6–4, 0–6, 6–4 to reach the quarterfinals, after returning from nine months away from the game. Nikolay Davydenko beat Fernando Verdasco to advance to the quarters with Söderling. Fernando González beat Victor Hănescu in straight sets to set up a quarterfinal with number four Andy Murray, a winner over Marin Čilić in tight but straight sets. World Number 1 Dinara Safina continued her dominant run of losing just 5 games all tournament against Aravane Rezaï, winning 6–1, 6–0.
Schedule of play
Day 9 (June 1).
Schedule of play
Day 10 (June 2).
Schedule of play
Day 11 (June 3).
Schedule of play
Day 12 (June 4).
Schedule of play
Day 13 (June 5).
Schedule of play
Day 14 (June 6).
Schedule of play
Day 15 (June 7).
The men's singles final was briefly interrupted as Jimmy Jump carrying a FC Barcelona banner ran onto the court during the second set, running around Roger Federer and even putting a cap on him, then jumping over the net before being taken out by security. This is the first time this has ever happened at the French Open, however the occurrence did not seem to throw off Federer, as he won the set, and eventually the match. Federer also completed a career Grand Slam and tied Pete Sampras's record of 14 Grand Slam titles after winning the French Open.
Schedule of play
Seeds.
Withdrawals: David Nalbandian, Richard Gasquet, Katarina Srebotnik, Vera Zvonareva.
Wildcard entries.
Below are the lists of the wildcard awardees entering in the main draws.
Media coverage.
In the US, coverage was provided by The Tennis Channel. In France, the French Open is broadcast live by France Télévisions & Eurosport. In the UK & Republic of Ireland it is broadcast live by BBC & Eurosport, Irish viewers can also watch live on TG4. In Switzerland it is broadcast live by SF, Radiotelevisione svizzera di lingua italiana & Télévision Suisse Romande. In Serbia it is broadcast live by RTS & Eurosport. In Sweden it is broadcast live by Eurosport, and because of Robin Söderling's final, SVT also broadcast the men's final live.

</doc>
<doc id="20855457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855457" title="Sangwonsan">
Sangwonsan

Sangwonsan is a mountain in the county of Jeongseon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20855458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855458" title="Teichgraeber-Runbeck House">
Teichgraeber-Runbeck House

Teichgraeber-Runbeck House is a historic house at 116 Mill Street in Lindsborg, Kansas.
It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20855467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855467" title="Wassmer WA-80">
Wassmer WA-80

__NOTOC__
The Wassmer WA-80 Piranha is a French two-seat low-wing cabin monoplane trainer designed and built by Société Wassmer. Based on the same construction as the company's WA-50 four-seater, the WA-80 was a scaled down version. The prototype, registered F-WVKR, first flew in November 1975 powered by a 100hp Rolls-Royce Continental O-200 engine. Wassmer appointed a receiver and suspended production in 1977, after 25 had been built.

</doc>
<doc id="20855481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855481" title="John M. Butler (scientist)">
John M. Butler (scientist)

John M. Butler is a leading expert on DNA typing. He is a fellow at the National Institute of Standards and Technology.
Butler received his bachelors degree from Brigham Young University. He earned his Ph.D. from the University of Virginia.
Butler has written a textbook on DNA Typing. He has also written widely on DNA research from "A Few Thoughts of a Believing Scientist" which analyzes the possibilities of DNA research applied to the Book of Mormon to multiple articles on polymerase chain reactions where he was the lead author. He has also studied Y-chromosome and Mitochondrial DNA use, including its role in genealogical DNA testing.

</doc>
<doc id="20855485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855485" title="Giant-cell tumor of the tendon sheath">
Giant-cell tumor of the tendon sheath

Giant-cell tumor of the tendon sheath, also known as giant-cell synovioma and localized nodular tenosynovitis, is a firm lesion, measuring 1 to 3 cm in diameter, and is most commonly attached to the tendons of the fingers, hands, and wrists, with a predilection for the flexor surfaces. Giant-cell tumor of tendon sheaths most often affect the wrist and fingers of males and females from the ages of 20-50 . These tumors are typically painless and can cause cortical erosion. Surgery to remove the tumor is a common treatment, though the tumors tend to recur.

</doc>
<doc id="20855515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855515" title="Damadem">
Damadem

Damadem is a remote village in Tivim, Goa, India. The church is dedicated to St. Christopher. This part of Tivim is close to Mapusa and the Karaswada Industrial Estate. The village of Damedem adjoins the wards of "Gavoim], Khoddai, and Auchit Vaddo. Since urbanization began in 1995 there has been drastic change; it has become a popular place for people from outside Goa to relocate.

</doc>
<doc id="20855517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855517" title="William Redfield (actor)">
William Redfield (actor)

William Redfield (January 26, 1927 – August 17, 1976) was an American actor and author who appeared in numerous theatrical, film, radio, and television roles.
Acting career.
Born in New York City, Redfield appeared in the original 1938 Broadway production of "Our Town". A founding member of New York's Actors Studio, Redfield's additional theatre credits include "A Man for All Seasons", "Hamlet", "You Know I Can't Hear You When the Water's Running", and "Dude". He also sang & danced the role of "Mercury" in Cole Porter's "Out of This World".
Other Broadway credits include: "Excursion" (1937), "Virginia" (1937), "Stop-over" (1938), "Junior Miss", "Snafu", "U.S.A.", "Barefoot Boy With Cheek" (1947),
"Montserrat" (1949), "Misalliance" (1953), "Double in Hearts" (1956), "Midgie Purvis" (1961), "A Minor Adjustment" (1967) and "The Love Suicide at Schofield Barracks" (1972).
His film credits include "Such Good Friends", "Fantastic Voyage", "A New Leaf", "For Pete's Sake", and "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest".
On television, Redfield played the title role in the DuMont series "Jimmy Hughes, Rookie Cop" (1953), and appeared in "The Philco Television Playhouse", "Lux Video Theatre", "The United States Steel Hour", "Studio One", "As the World Turns", "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "Naked City", "Maude", and "The Bob Newhart Show". He is best known as Floyd, the younger brother of Felix Unger (played by Tony Randall), on The Odd Couple.
Author.
In his book "Letters from an Actor", Redfield published a colorful and personal recollection of his work in the renowned 1964 international stage production of "Hamlet", starring Richard Burton and directed by Sir John Gielgud. 
Death.
Redfield's best known film appearance was as Dale Harding in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest". It was during the filming of the Oscar-winning movie that Redfield was diagnosed with leukemia. He died on August 17, 1976 at age 49, less than a year after the film was released.

</doc>
<doc id="20855539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855539" title="Seokbyeongsan">
Seokbyeongsan

Seokbyeongsan is a mountain in the county of Jeongseon and the city of Gangneung, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20855540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855540" title="Bill Serena">
Bill Serena

William Robert Serena (October 2, 1924 – April 17, 1996) was a professional baseball player who played infielder in the Major Leagues from to for the Chicago Cubs.
He was born in Alameda, California, and died in Hayward, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20855542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855542" title="Besòs Mar (Barcelona Metro)">
Besòs Mar (Barcelona Metro)

Besòs Mar is a station in the Barcelona Metro, in La Mina, an area of the Sant Martí district of Barcelona. It's served by L4. It was opened in 1982 as "La Mina", but it was controversially renamed with the construction of the Barcelona Fòrum and revamping of the adjacent area into "Besòs Mar", alluding to the proximity to the Mediterranean Sea and to the Besòs river in order to diminish the reference to the neighbourhood's name which had become infamous. It's located underneath carrer d'Alfons el Magnànim between carrer de Lluís Borrassà and carrer de Ferrer Bassa.

</doc>
<doc id="20855562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855562" title="Gaza War">
Gaza War

The Gaza War, also known as Operation Cast Lead () and Gaza Massacre () or the Battle of al-Furqan criterion () was a three-week armed conflict in the Gaza Strip between Israel and Palestinian militants that began on 27 December 2008 and ended on 18 January 2009 in a unilateral ceasefire.
Israel's stated goal was to stop rocket fire into Israel and weapons smuggling into the Gaza strip. After the beginning of the conflict, Palestinian groups continued firing rockets in response to what they characterized as "massacres". Israeli forces attacked police stations, military targets including weapons caches and suspected rocket firing teams, as well as political and administrative institutions in the opening assault, striking in the densely populated cities of Gaza, Khan Yunis and Rafah.
An Israeli ground invasion began on January 3. Infantry commanders were given an unprecedented level of access to coordinate with air, naval, artillery, intelligence, and combat engineering units during this second phase. Various new technologies and hardware were also introduced. On January 5, the IDF began operating in the densely populated urban centers of Gaza. During the last week of the offensive (from 12 January), Israel mostly hit targets it had damaged before and struck Palestinian rocket-launching units. Hamas intensified its rocket and mortar attacks against civilian targets in southern Israel, reaching the major cities of Beersheba and Ashdod for the first time during the conflict. Israeli politicians ultimately decided against striking deeper within Gaza amid concerns of higher casualties on both sides and rising international criticism. The conflict ended on January 18, when Israel first declared a unilateral ceasefire, followed by Hamas' announcing a one-week ceasefire twelve hours later. Israel completed its withdrawal on January 21.
The conflict resulted in between 1,166 and 1,417 Palestinian and 13 Israeli deaths (4 from friendly fire). According to the Shin Bet, after the conflict, there was a decrease in Palestinian rocket attacks. In September 2009, a UN special mission, headed by the South African Justice Richard Goldstone, produced a report accusing both Palestinian militants and the IDF of war crimes and possible crimes against humanity, and recommended bringing those responsible to justice. In January 2010, the Israeli government released a response criticizing the Goldstone Report and disputing its findings. In 2011, Goldstone wrote that he no longer believed that Israel intentionally targeted civilians in Gaza. The other authors of the report, Hina Jilani, Christine Chinkin and Desmond Travers, rejected Goldstone's re-assessment. However, the United Nations Human Rights Council did not agree and ordered Israel to conduct various repairs of the damages. On September 21, 2012, the United Nations Human Rights Council concluded that 75% of civilian homes destroyed in the attack were not rebuilt.
Background.
The Gaza Strip is a coastal strip of land on the eastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea bordering Egypt and Israel. Israel controls Gaza's airspace and territorial waters and restricts the movement of people or goods in or out of Gaza. The UN, Human Rights Watch and many other international bodies and NGOs consider Israel to be the occupying power. Israel maintains that its occupation of Gaza ended following the completion of its unilateral disengagement plan in 2005.
Following Hamas's electoral victory in the January 2006 legislative elections and formation of the Hamas-led PA government on March. The Quartet (United States, Russia, United Nations, and European Union) conditioned future foreign assistance to the PA on the future government's commitment to nonviolence, recognition of the state of Israel, and acceptance of previous agreements. Hamas has resisted such changes, leading to Quartet suspension of its foreign assistance program and Israel imposing economic sanctions.
After the military takeover of Gaza by Hamas and overthrowing Fatah, in June 2007. President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas then dismissed the Hamas-led government and formed a government in the West Bank, bypassing the Hamas-dominated parliament. Israel imposed a ground, air, and maritime blockade, and announced it would allow only humanitarian supplies into the Strip. Palestinian groups were partially able to bypass the blockade through tunnels, some of which are said to have been used for weapons smuggling.
Between 2005 and 2007, Palestinian groups in Gaza fired about 2,700 locally made Qassam rockets into Israel, killing four Israeli civilians and injuring 75 others. During the same period, Israel fired more than 14,600 155 mm artillery shells into the Gaza Strip, killing 59 Palestinians and injuring 270.
According to the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, between 2005 and 2008, 116 Israelis, including civilians and Israeli security forces, which includes Israeli police, Israeli Border Police and members of the armed services, were killed in both Israel and the Palestinian Territories in "direct conflict related incidents" and 1,509 were injured. During this time, 1,735 Palestinians, including civilians and militants from various groups, were killed and 8,308 wounded in "direct conflict related incidents".
2008 six-month lull.
On June 19, 2008, an Egyptian-brokered six-month "lull" or pause in hostilities between Israel and Hamas went into effect. The agreement had no mutually agreed text or enforcement mechanism and eventually collapsed.
The agreement required Hamas to end rocket and mortar attacks on Israel and to enforce the lull throughout Gaza. In addition, Israel insisted that the agreement would include an end to Hamas' military buildup in Gaza and movement toward the release of Corporal Shalit. Hamas said all of Gaza's militant groups would abide by the truce. Defense Ministry Official Amos Gilad, the Israeli envoy to the talks, stressed that Israel demanded a ceasefire, meaning that even one single rocket fired will be seen as a violation of the agreement. He added that Egypt, on its side, is committed to preventing the smuggling activity from Gaza. Gilad also said that Israel would hold Hamas responsible for attacks from Gaza.
In exchange, Israel agreed to ease the embargo and to halt military raids into Gaza. As part of the deal Egypt had promised to stop the smuggling of arms and weapons from its territory into Gaza.
Implementation.
The truce started slowly, with the UN recording seven IDF violations of the ceasefire between June 20 and June 26, and three violations by Palestinian groups not affiliated with Hamas between June 23 and 26. Several mortars and Qassam rockets were fired at Israel in late June.
Israel and Hamas accused each other of bad faith and of violations of the Egyptian-mediated truce. Israel noted that rocket fire from Gaza never stopped entirely and that weapons smuggling was not halted, while Hamas accused Israel of never allowing the major renewal of goods' flow into Gaza and of conducting raids that killed Hamas fighters.
In the month prior to the 4th of November, Israel-Palestinian violence fell to its lowest level since the start of the al-Aqsa intifada in September 2000. Several Israeli violations were reported: In South Gaza on 3 October the IDF fired on two unarmed Palestinians near the border and sent soldiers into the strip to arrest them and detain them in Israel. On the 27 October IDF soldiers fired into Gaza for unknown reasons damaging a school in Khuza and injuring one child. Palestinian fishing boats off the Gaza coast were fired upon on four separate occasions during the month wounding two fisherman. Throughout the month of October 2008 a single Palestinian violation was reported: 1 rocket was fired into Israel causing no damage or injuries. At the end of the month the American Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice sent a message to Hamas acknowledging their efforts to keep the peace.
Conflict escalates.
November 4 incident.
On November 4, 2008, Israel launched a military incursion into a residential area of Dayr al-Balah in central Gaza. Israel stated its aim was to destroy what it said was a tunnel on the Gaza-Israel border dug by militants to infiltrate into Israel and abduct soldiers, however an Israeli defense official was quoted in the "Washington Times" acknowledging that Israel wanted to
"send Hamas a message." According to Israel, the raid was not a violation of the ceasefire, but a legitimate step to remove an immediate threat. Israeli infantry, tanks, and bulldozers entered 250 m into the Gaza Strip, the first major incursion since the June truce. A gunfight broke out, in which one Hamas fighter was killed. Hamas responded with a barrage of mortar and rocket fire at Israeli troops. Three Israeli airstrikes on Hamas mortar and rocket positions then killed five Hamas fighters. According to eyewitnesses, another three Hamas fighters were wounded in an Israeli UAV strike over the el-Burejj refugee camp. Three Israeli soldiers were also wounded during the operation. Hamas said it would take revenge for what it perceived as an act of Israeli aggression that had violated the truce. Hamas launched 35 rockets into southern Israel in what was described by Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum as a "response to Israel's massive breach of the truce", stating that "The Israelis began this tension and they must pay an expensive price. They cannot leave us drowning in blood while they sleep soundly in their beds."
Intensity of rocket attacks targeted at Israeli cities near Gaza sharply increased during November 2008, approaching pre-truce levels. Clashes also took place along the border, during which 11 Palestinian militants were killed. In the period between November 4 incident and mid-December, more than 200 Qassam rockets and mortar shells landed in the western Negev region. Israel has frequently shut down the crossings in response to rocket attacks on its towns.
December.
On December 13, Israel announced that it favored extending the cease-fire, provided Hamas adhered to the conditions. On December 14, a Hamas delegation in Cairo proposed that Hamas was prepared to stop all rocket attacks against Israel if the Israelis would open up the Gaza border crossings and pledge not to launch attacks in Gaza. On the same day, Hamas officials said that earlier reports, quoting Khaled Meshaal as saying there would be no renewal of the truce, were inaccurate. A Hamas spokesman said that the lull would not be renewed, "as long as there is no real Israeli commitment to all of its conditions". A spokesman for the Israeli Prime Minister replied that Israel was committed to the truce but "it's clear there can't be a one-sided ceasefire, ... where rockets are everyday coming from the Gaza Strip targeting Israeli civilians."
On December 17, a 40-year-old Palestinian was killed by IDF fire in Northern Gaza. The following day, December 18, Hamas declared the end of the cease-fire, a day before the truce officially expired. More than 20 rockets were fired from Gaza into southern Israel on that day.
On December 19, Hamas refused to enter talks to renew the six-month truce and a Hamas spokesman announced that it would not extend the cease-fire. Palestinian sources said that Hamas wanted to renew the truce, but only on improved terms – a complete opening of the border crossings with Israel, the opening of the Rafah border crossing with Egypt, a complete ban on Israeli military activity in Gaza and an extension of the truce to the West Bank as well. Israel was not ready to accept these terms. This was confirmed by Yuval Diskin, head of Shin Bet (Israel's internal security agency), at an Israeli cabinet meeting on December 21. Diskin said he thought Hamas was "interested in continuing the truce, but wants to improve its terms ... it wants us to lift the siege of Gaza, stop attacks, and extend the truce to include the West Bank". Three Qassam rockets fired from the northern Gaza Strip landed in Israel.
On December 22, Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said that his country will not accept the ongoing rocket fire from the Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip, Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni, who had supported the truce until recently, suggested that military actions be taken against the Hamas government in Gaza.
On December 23, senior Hamas leader Mahmoud al-Zahar said that Hamas was willing to renew the cease-fire under the original terms, demanding an Israeli commitment to refrain from any military operation in the Strip and to keep the border crossings open. Speaking with Egyptian newspaper "al-Ahram", al-Zahar said that the movement would reassess the situation in Gaza once the 24 hours during which Hamas vowed to halt rocket fire had ended. Despite the temporary ceasefire declared by the armed Palestinian factions, eight Qassam rockets and eight mortar shells hit the Negev. Also that day, Israeli Defense Forces killed three Palestinian militants, stating they were planting explosives on the border.
On December 24, an Israeli airstrike hit a group of militants in Gaza Strip. An Israeli military spokesman said that the militants had fired mortars at Israel. Palestinian medics said that one Hamas militant was killed in the strike and two other Palestinians were wounded, including a cameraman from Hamas' television station. On that day, Hamas military wing issued a statement saying that it began an operation code-named "Operation Oil Stain". 87 Palestinian mortar shells, Katyusha and Qassam rockets hit the Negev. Hamas said that it would expand the "Oil Stain" and put thousands of Israelis "under fire". Hamas said it was ready for the war: "far greater than surrendering to Israeli threats and that they became much more prepared to counter Israeli aggression and to defend themselves than in the past."
On December 25, after Israel had "wrapped up preparations for a broad offensive", Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert delivered a final warning in an interview with the Arabic language satellite channel al-Arabiya. He said "I am telling them now, it may be the last minute, I'm telling them stop it. We are stronger." Another 6 Qassams landed in southern Israel.
Proceeding.
Israeli offensive.
Israel began planning for a military operation as early as six months before the conflict by collecting intelligence on potential targets. The IDF also engaged in a disinformation campaign to give Hamas a false sense of security and to take them by surprise. Defense minister Ehud Barak stated that the offensive was the result of Israel's "patience running out" over the rocket attacks. According to Israeli officials, its subsequent December 27 offensive took Hamas by surprise, thereby increasing militant casualties.
Air strikes.
At 11:30 am on December 27, 2008, Israel launched the campaign titled Operation Cast Lead. It began with an opening wave of airstrikes in which F-16 fighter jets and AH-64 Apache attack helicopters simultaneously struck 100 preplanned targets within a span of 220 seconds. There was a 95% success rate with zero misses in the opening attack according to the Israeli Air Force. Thirty minutes later, a second wave of 60 jets and helicopters struck at an additional 60 targets. The air strikes hit Hamas headquarters, government offices and 24 police stations. An Israeli UAV airstrike on the police headquarters of Gaza City killed 40 people, including several dozen police cadets at their graduation ceremony. Approximately 140 members of Hamas were killed, including Tawfik Jaber, head of Hamas' police force. Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni told reporters that Israel would strike all targets associated with what she called the "illegitimate, terrorist government of Hamas". Israel's goal, according to "The New York Times", was to project an image of "calculated rage" to dissuade Palestinians from attacking Israel through actions such as the coordinated attacks against multiple targets in the middle of a Saturday morning on the first day of the conflict that killed approximately 200 Palestinians.
At least 225-230 Palestinians were killed and more than 700 injured on the first day of air strikes. Civilians, including children, were among the casualties. Although media reported that most of the dead were "Hamas security forces" or "Hamas operatives", police officers are, according to B'Tselem, presumed to be civilians and likely not legitimate objects of attack under international humanitarian law. Human rights groups critically note that the attacks began around the time children were leaving school. The Israeli attack was the deadliest one-day death toll in 60 years of conflict between the Israelis and Palestinians, a day that was called the "Massacre of Black Saturday" by Palestinians in Gaza. Hamas responded with a rocket barrage on Southern Israel, and Palestinian factions in the Gaza Strip kept Southern Israel under constant rocket fire during the entire war. Beersheba suffered two rocket attacks, the farthest Palestinian rockets had ever reached. Palestinian rocket fire killed three Israeli civilians and one soldier in the early days of the conflict.
In the weeks following the initial air raids F-16Is and AH-64 Apaches continued to target Hamas facilities while also inflicting severe damage to Palestinian infrastructure. Israel used the 2000-pound Mark 84 Joint Direct Attack Munition to attack buildings and tunnels along the Gaza-Sinai border. The 500-pound variant was used against underground bunkers. Israel also used the new PB500A1 laser-guided hard-target penetration bomb, which was developed by Israel Military Industries, and is based on the less sophisticated Mark 83. There were unconfirmed reports of the IAF also using the GBU-39 Small Diameter Bomb for the first time. Israeli aircraft also used synthetic aperture radar targeting pods and high-resolution imaging pods. After being grounded six months prior, the Israeli fleet of AH-1F Cobra helicopter gunships were rushed back into service for the operation. The Israeli Air Force also used unmanned aerial vehicles firing Israeli-manufactured Spike missiles.
According to the IAF, 80% of the bombs used by the IAF were precision weapons, and 99% of the air strikes hit their targets. A study by the Center for Strategic and International Studies points out that when possible, IAF executed strikes using the smallest precision-guided weapons, and coordinated air strikes and the use of artillery weapons using GPS, in a systematic effort to limit collateral damage. In a 2009 interview, Major General Ido Nehushtan said that the only use of non-precision-guided munitions from the Israeli Air Force was in open areas. He went on to say: "We had to find ways to do things as precisely and proportionately as possible, while focusing on how to differentiate between terrorists and uninvolved civilians.
The IDF also targeted homes of Hamas commanders, noting: "Destruction of hundreds of Hamas leaders' homes one of the keys to the offensive's success. The homes serve as weapons warehouses and headquarters, and shelling them has seriously hindered Hamas capabilities." Several high-ranking Hamas commanders were killed, including Nizar Rayan, Abu Zakaria al-Jamal, and Jamal Mamduch. Hamas leaders often died along with their families in their homes. According to a Hamas spokesperson and Rayyan's son, the IDF warned Rayan, by contacting his cell phone, that an attack on his house was imminent. Some Hamas leaders hid in the basements of the Shifa Hospital complex in Gaza City in the belief that they would be protected by human shields. Hamas Interior Minister Said Seyam, Hamas Interior Ministry Security Director Saleh Abu Sharkh, and local Hamas militia leader Mahmoud Abu Watfah were killed on January 15 in an Israeli airstrike in Jabalia.
Among IDF's measures to reduce civilian casualties were the extensive use of leaflets and phone messages to warn Palestinians, including families in high-risk areas and families of Hamas personnel, to leave the area or to avoid potential targets. Israel used A-4 Skyhawks to deliver more than 2 million leaflets urging the population to evacuate. In a practice codenamed roof knocking, the IDF issued warning calls before air strikes on civilian buildings. Typically, Israeli intelligence officers and Shin Bet security servicemen contacted residents of a building in which they suspected storage of military assets and told them that they had 10–15 minutes to flee the attack. At several instances, the IDF has also used a sound bomb to warn civilians before striking homes. In some cases, IDF commanders called off airstrikes, when residents of suspected houses have been able to gather on its roof. IAF developed small bomb that is designed not to explode as it was aimed at empty areas of the roofs to frighten residents into leaving the building. Israel's military used low-explosive missiles to warn civilians of imminent attack and to verify that buildings were evacuated before attacks. Some of the attacks took place sooner than the warning suggested and many calls were not followed up with attacks. The Israeli Government report notes that while the warning systems implemented by the IDF did not eliminate all harm to civilians, they were apparently effective, because in many incidents aerial video surveillance by IDF forces confirmed the departure of numerous residents from targeted areas as a direct result of the warnings before the attacks. While Israel is not a party to the Protocol I, Israel accepts its provisions as reflective of customary international law.
By January 3, 2009, the Palestinian death toll stood at 400, with 25% estimated to be civilian casualties. The air offensive continued throughout the ground invasion that followed, and as of January 15, Israeli forces had carried out 2,360 air strikes. No safe haven or bomb shelters existed, making this one of the rare conflicts where civilians had no place to flee. The IAF had so far carried out 555 aerial sorties and 125 helicopter missions, and dozens of UAV flight hours were logged.
Naval operations.
The Israeli Navy attacked Hamas' rocket launchers and outposts, command and control centers, a Hamas patrol boat, and the office of Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh, using the Typhoon Weapon System and Surface to surface missiles. The navy coordinated with other Israeli forces and used powerful shipboard sensors to acquire and shell targets on land. Records of the attacks published by the navy indicate that for the first time vessels were equipped with Spike ER electro-optically guided anti-armor missiles. Videos of an attack showed precision hits from a Typhoon stabilizing gun despite a rolling sea. Versions of the Spike were also used by ground units and possibly by helicopters or unmanned aerial vehicles. Shayetet 13 naval commandos were also deployed to attack targets on land, and reportedly attacked an Iranian ship loaded with arms for Hamas, which was docking in Sudan. On 28 December, Naval vessels shelled the Port of Gaza.
On December 29, the Free Gaza Movement relief boat "Dignity" carrying volunteer doctors with 3.5 tons of medical supplies, human rights activists (Among them Caoimhe Butterly and former US Representative Cynthia McKinney), and a CNN reporter was involved in an altercation with Israeli patrol boats. The captain of the Free Gaza vessel said that their vessel had been rammed intentionally and that there had been no warning before it had been rammed. An Israeli spokesman disputed this, and said the collision was caused by the "Dignity" attempting to outmaneuver the patrol boats after disobeying Israeli orders to turn back.
On January 4, the Israeli Navy extended its blockade of the Gaza Strip to 20 nautical miles.
Throughout the war, the Israeli Navy employed Sa'ar 4.5 class missile boats and Super Dvora Mk III class patrol boats.
Ground invasion.
IDF infantry and armor units amassed near the Gaza border on December 28, engaging in a blockade of the strip.
On the evening of January 3, Israel began the ground operation with a massive artillery barrage all along the Gaza boundary, and ground forces were sent into Gaza for the first time since the start of the conflict. According to the IDF, the intention of the ground invasion, termed the 'second stage' of Operation Cast Lead, was to secure areas within the Gaza Strip from which militants continued to launch rockets even after the Israeli air strikes.
The Paratroopers, Golani, and Givati brigades simultaneously entered the Gaza Strip from several unexpected directions to avoid reported booby traps while also outflanking opposing forces. The 401st Armored Brigade used Merkava Mark IV tanks to quickly block access from Rafah and Khan Yunis to Gaza City, cutting supply lines to Hamas from the south. The move put psychological pressure on Hamas while also forcing combatants to withdraw from the front line. Israeli forces took strategic hilltops to better control areas.
The Israeli advance was spearheaded by Combat Engineering Corps sappers opening routes and allowing the ground forces to advance while dismantling booby traps set up in great numbers by Hamas, often set to detonate upon entry to a building. Improvised explosive devices (IED) were a concern for Israeli soldiers. One Israeli commander said that booby traps were found in a mosque and one-third of the houses. He said that some of the traps were designed to assist in taking IDF soldiers captive. All such attempts failed. The IDF used D9 armored bulldozers to ensure that paths were cleared of IEDs. These bulldozers were also used to destroy tunnels. The unmanned, remote-controlled version of the D9 (called Black Thunder) were also used. In one case an armored D9 knocked down a door, which triggered an explosion of a building full of explosive on top of the D9. The D9 survived the explosion and building's collapse. Combat engineers that inspected the rubbles found a tunnel, cache of weapons and remains of a suicide bomber. Viper miniature robots were deployed by Israeli forces for the first time. These were used for various tasks including the disabling of IEDs. Along with blocking mobile phone communication, the IDF employed electronic jamming equipment to disable remote operated explosives. Among others, The IDF used the new Bull Island system for the first time to identify booby traps in buildings. Bull Island uses a camera shaped like a tennis ball that can be thrown into a building to transfer 360-degree imagery to the troops outside of the structure.
Israeli artillery units worked closely with battalion commanders. For the first time, the Sheder Ham digitized data, mapping, and command-and-control system linked the Artillery Corps into the Army's overall C4I network. Israel artillery fired approximately 7,000 rounds during the conflict. An Israel Defense Forces colonel stated that tactics and procedures had to suit the difficult urban environment. The number of rounds in the 22-day conflict was 5% of the total fired during the 34-day Lebanon war. Under the condition of anonymity, another officer said that close air support missions accounted for more than 90% of rounds fired. He also said that about half of those were MA25A1 incendiary based smoke rounds used to mask troop movements.
The Oketz Unit, the IDF's dog-handling corps, performed 33 successful missions during the war, with specially trained sniffer and attack dogs and their handlers leading advancing forces. In every mission that involved Oketz dogs, there were no casualties among soldiers. Three dogs were killed by enemy fire during the war.
Hamas guerrillas sometimes emerged from tunnels to fire at IDF soldiers, then pulled back to lure troops into built-up areas. In one case, a Palestinian dressed in an Israeli Army uniform opened fire on a group of soldiers, but was killed before he could cause any casualties. In several instances, would-be suicide bombers with explosive vests charged Israeli soldiers, but all were killed before they could reach their targets.
Israeli ground troops entered Beit Lahiya and Beit Hanoun in northern Gaza in the early hours of January 4. Israeli forces reportedly bisected Gaza and surrounded Gaza City, but restricted their movements to areas that were not heavily urbanised. The IDF stated that it had targeted forty sites, including weapons depots and rocket launch sites. The Israeli military said that 50 Hamas fighters were killed and dozens more wounded. At least 25 Palestinian rockets were fired into Southern Israel, wounding a woman in Sderot. One Israeli soldier was killed and 19 other soldiers were wounded in Jabalia when a mortar shell fired by Hamas fighters landed on their patrol.
As Israeli tanks and troops seized control of large parts of the Gaza Strip, tens of thousands of Gazans fled their homes amid artillery and gunfire, and flooded into the inner parts of Gaza city. On January 5, IDF forces began operating in the densely populated urban centers of Gaza. Gun battles broke out between the IDF and Hamas on the streets of Gaza as the IDF surrounded the city. IDF combat units were sent in to capture Hamas fighters, and were met with grenades and mortar fire. The Israeli military said that 80–100 Hamas fighters were killed and 100 captured during heavy ground fighting. Some 40 rockets and mortar shells were fired at Israel, injuring four civilians. Israel continued to launch airstrikes and naval bombardments.
On January 6, heavy fighting took place between Israeli troops and Palestinian militants on the outskirts of the northern district of Gaza City, while Israeli helicopter gunships pounded militant positions. The IDF reportedly widened its attacks to Khan Yunis in southern Gaza, after heavy fighting on the edges of Deir al-Balah in central Gaza. The Al Fakhura school was hit by Israeli mortar fire, and reports on deaths and if militants were among the casualties varied. The attack was originally reported as being on the school. In northern Gaza City, Palestinian gunmen ambushed an Israeli patrol, killing one soldier and wounding four. The patrol returned fire, hitting some of the gunmen, while in Jabalya, an Israeli tank fired a shell into an abandoned building as Golani Brigade soldiers were taking cover in it, killing 3 soldiers and wounding 24. The casualties were extracted under the cover of heavy artillery fire and helicopters dropping illumination bombs. In a separate friendly fire incident, an Israeli officer was killed by a misdirected artillery shell. In all, at least 70 Palestinians and 5 Israelis were killed on January 6.
Arms interdiction and the Sudan strike.
In January and February 2009, there was a series of two air strikes in Sudan and one in the Red Sea allegedly conducted by Israel against a convoy of 17 trucks containing Iranian arms, possibly Fajr-3 artillery rockets, being smuggled to the Gaza Strip through Sudan. A total of 39 were reported killed, with Iranian Revolutionary Guard operatives possibly among the dead. The attack was widely reported to have been conducted by Israeli aircraft, while the Israeli government hinted that it was behind the attack. Naval commandos from the elite Shayetet 13 unit were reportedly involved in the operation, which included an attack on an Iranian arms ship docking in Port Sudan.
Attack on Gaza City.
On January 7, Israel carried out 40 airstrikes overnight. Dozens of other targets were attacked by aircraft and artillery during the day, and the Gaza-Egypt border was bombed after Israeli aircraft dropped leaflets onto Rafah, urging the residents to leave. A total of 20 Palestinians were killed. A total of 20 rockets were fired into Southern Israel. Israel temporarily halted its attacks for three hours to provide a "humanitarian respite". On January 8, an exchange of fire took place in Gaza city. Hamas suffered heavy losses, but an Israeli officer of the Golani Brigade was also killed. In Northern Gaza, snipers opened fire on Israeli forces conducting an operation, killing an Israeli soldier. Another Israeli soldier was lightly wounded. The IDF soldiers identified the origin of the fire and returned fire, directly hitting the snipers. In another incident, several mortar shells were fired at Givati Brigade soldiers, who responded with mortar fire and were aided by IAF airstrikes. In Central Gaza, a force of IDF soldiers entered a building near the Kissfum crossing. As the force entered, Hamas fighters fired an anti-tank rocket at them, killing one Israeli officer and wounding one soldier. Israeli aircraft also hit more than 40 Hamas targets in Gaza. Israeli troops shot and killed Hamas commander Amir Mansi and wounded two other Hamas fighters as they operated a mortar. The IAF attacked over 60 Hamas targets. A rocket fired from Gaza wounded seven IDF soldiers in Southern Israel. On January 10, the Israeli military said that another 40 sites were targeted, and that 15 Hamas fighters were killed. On January 11, the IDF started the third stage of the operation with an attack on the suburbs of Gaza City. Israeli forces pushed into the south of the city and reached a key junction to its north. During their advance, Hamas and Islamic Jihad fighters ambushed Israeli troops at several locations, and heavy fighting ensued, in which 40 Hamas and Islamic Jihad fighters were killed. Additionally, the IAF reported that Hamas operatives had tried to shoot down an IAF plane with anti-aircraft missiles for the first time since operations in Gaza began. Heavy machine gun fire against helicopters had also been unsuccessful. Two Hamas fighters were killed by an Israeli airstrike in the Southern Gaza Strip. A Palestinian woman was also killed by Israeli artillery fire. Israeli forces continued to push deeper into heavily populated areas around Gaza City. Fierce clashes were reported in the Southern suburb of Sheikh Ajleen. On January 12, nearly 30 rockets and mortars were fired at Southern Israel, damaging a house in Ashkelon.
On January 13, Israeli tanks continued their advance toward the headquarters of Hamas' preventive security building from the al-Karramah neighborhood in the northwest and the Tel al-Hawa neighborhood in the northeast. The Israeli Army also said that 25 mortars and rockets were fired into Southern Israel. Before dawn, during the night, Israeli troops and tanks supported by artillery and helicopters advanced 300 metres into Tel al-Hawa, a neighborhood with several high-rise buildings, while Israeli gunboats shelled Hamas targets along the coast. As troops entered the narrow streets, heavy street fighting with militants ensued leaving three Israeli soldiers wounded and 30 Hamas militants dead or wounded, according to the IDF. By morning IDF soldiers were still advancing slowly towards the city center and several buildings were in flames in Tel al-Hawa, where most of the fighting took place. Five Israeli soldiers were wounded during clashes with militants, and an officer was severely wounded by an explosion inside a booby-trapped building. The push into the neighorhood was Israel's deepest incursion into Gaza City. There was widespread desertion by members of the Qassam Brigades in the face of the IDF advance.
On January 15, Israeli artillery started an intense bombardment of the city while fighting was still going on in the streets. Troops and tanks advanced deeper into the city following the shelling. The Israeli military claimed to have killed dozens of militants since breaching the city limits four days earlier, while they suffered 20–25 soldiers wounded. Among buildings hit by shellfire was the al-Quds hospital, Gaza's second-largest, in the Tel al-Hawa neighborhood. At least 14 rockets were fired from Gaza into Israel, wounding five and severely damaging a house in Sderot.
Almost all members of Hamas' approximately 100-man strong "Iranian Unit" were killed during a battle in the Zeytoun neighborhood on January 15. Members of the military wing had previously travelled to Iran for training by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard. According to Palestinian sources, Iran was preparing for an end to the fighting and promised money and resources to rebuild military capabilities and infrastructure destroyed during the fighting.
The headquarters of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) was also shelled on January 15. There were 3 people injured and tons of food and fuel intended for 750,000 Palestinian refugees were destroyed. The Associated Press initially reported that an anonymous Israeli military official stated that Gaza militants had fired anti-tank weapons and machine guns from inside the compound. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said "it is absolutely true that we were attacked from that place, but the consequences are very sad and we apologize for it, I don't think it should have happened and I'm very sorry." After UNRWA dismissed this as "nonsense", Israel ordered an army investigation into the incident. Israeli officials afterwards "came forward to say that preliminary results showed that the militants ran for safety inside the U.N. compound after firing on Israeli forces from outside".
On January 16, more than 50 Israeli airstrikes were carried out against militants, tunnels, and a mosque suspected of being used as a weapons store. Israeli forces continued their push into Gaza City, while Israeli Navy vessels shelled militant targets in support. About 10 rockets were fired into Southern Israel. Palestinian militants fired 15 rockets into Israel, wounding eight people including a pregnant woman.
The Givati Brigade penetrated the deepest into Gaza City. The brigade's reconnaissance battalion swept into the Tel al-Hawa neighborhood and took over two 15-story buildings in search of Hamas operatives two days before the cease fire went into effect. About 40 Palestinian fighters were killed during the operation. The commander of the brigade, Colonel Ilan Malka, was critical of Hamas' use of civilian houses and said that he "took many steps to prevent our soldiers from getting hurt". Malka told reporters that the IDF had initially predicted each battalion would lose six or seven soldiers.
The Israeli government considered a third phase of the operation with the intent of dealing a "knock out blow" to Hamas. Military and intelligence assessments indicating that shifting the goal to destroying Hamas would require additional weeks of deep ground incursions into urban areas and refugee camps. This was expected to result in heavy casualties on both sides and among civilians, reduce the strong domestic support for the war, and increase international criticism.
Humanitarian ceasefires.
Due to the number of civilian casualties and the deteriorating humanitarian situation, Israel faced significant international pressure for a ceasefire, the establishment of a humanitarian corridor, access to the population of Gaza and the lifting of the blockade. On January 7, Israel opened a humanitarian corridor to allow the shipment of aid into Gaza. The Israeli army agreed to interrupt fighting for three hours and Hamas agreed not to launch rockets during the pause. Israel repeated the ceasefire either daily or every other day. Aid officials and the UN praised the truce, but said it was not enough as fighting usually resumed immediately following the humanitarian ceasefires. An Israeli Government report, published in July 2009, notes that during the period between 8 January and 17 January, Hamas fired a total of 44 rockets and mortars at Israel during humanitarian pauses. An independent report commissioned jointly by the Israeli NGO Physicians for Human Rights and the Palestinian Medical Relief Society notes that according to testimonies by local witnesses, there were several cases where IDF ground forces breached the daily ceasefire agreement.
Palestinian paramilitary activity.
According to Abu Ahmed, the official media spokesman of the Al-Quds Brigades, the military wing of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad movement, Palestinian paramilitary factions in Gaza worked together, operationally and otherwise, to repel the Israeli attack on Gaza. Abu Ahmed told "Asharq al-Awsat" during the war that, "everybody helps everybody else with regards to food, weapons, and first aid; there is no difference between a member 'Al Quds Brigade' or 'Al Qassam Brigade wing of Hamas' or 'Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigade' or 'Abu Ali Mustafa Brigade wing of Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine or PFLP'. For everybody's goal is the same and their compass is pointing in the same direction, and that is to drive out the occupation and defeat them, and disrupt their plan to dissolve the Palestinian Cause."
Political representatives for Hamas, Islamic Jihad, the PFLP, Saiqa, the Popular Struggle Front, the Revolutionary Communist Party, Palestinian Liberation Organisation, Fatah's 'Intifada' faction, and a number of other Palestinian factions in Syria formed a temporary alliance during the offensive as well. They issued a joint statement refusing "any security arrangements that affect the resistance and its legitimate right to struggle against the occupation", and refusing proposals suggesting international forces be sent to Gaza. The coalition also affirmed that any peace initiatives must include an end to the blockade, and an opening of all of Gaza's crossings, including the Rafah crossing with Egypt.
Preparation.
Hamas used the months leading to the war to prepare for urban warfare, which was to give them a chance to inflict casualties on the Israeli military. Militants booby-trapped houses and buildings and built an extensive system of tunnels in preparation for combat. A Hamas fighter reported that the group had prepared a tunnel network in Gaza city that would allow Hamas to engage the IDF in urban warfare. IDF commanders said that many Hamas members have dug tunnels for themselves under their homes and hid weapon caches in them. Some houses were booby-trapped with mannequins, explosives and adjacent tunnels: Israeli officers said that houses were set up this way so that "Israeli soldiers would shoot the mannequin, mistaking it for a man; an explosion would occur; and the soldiers would be driven or pulled into the hole, where they could be taken prisoner." A colonel estimated that one-third of all houses encountered were booby-trapped. IDF Brigadier-General Eyal Eisenberg said that roadside bombs were planted in TV satellite dishes, adding that Hamas booby-trapping of homes and schools was "monstrous" and "inhumane". Ron Ben-Yishai, an Israeli military correspondent embedded with invading ground forces, stated that entire blocks of houses were booby-trapped and wired in preparation for urban confrontation with the IDF. Israel said a map showing the deployment of explosives and Hamas forces in the al-Atatra neighborhood in northern Gaza was found. The map reportedly showed that Hamas placed many explosives and firing positions in residential areas, several mosques, and next to a gas station. Israel deployed the elite Sayeret Yahalom combat engineering unit throughout the brigades with new equipment including miniature robots and improved wall-breaching munitions to counter the booby-traps.
According to "Jane's Defence Weekly", armed groups in Gaza counted domestically produced anti-armor RPGs like al-Battar and Banna 1 and Banna 2 in their arsenal. Hamas and Islamic Jihad also manufactured a variety of improvised explosive devices (IEDs), some of which were anti-personnel bombs and others were planted on the sides of roads or underground to be activated against tanks and armored personnel carriers. According to "The Jerusalem Post", some of the IEDs were manufactured from medicine bottles transferred to the Gaza Strip as humanitarian aid by Israel. The same newspaper also reported that Hamas representatives said they were fighting with the aid of armored vehicles and weapons confiscated from the Palestinian National Authority, given by Israel, the United States and other countries.
At least one Palestinian witness told an Italian reporter that on many roofs of the tall buildings that were hit by Israeli bombs, including UN building, there were rocket-launchers or Hamas look-outs. On January 27, the Shin Bet released details given by Hamas captives, including the militants' use of mosques for weapon caches and military training. Militants admitted to the location of Hamas weapon storage sites, in tunnels, in the homes of activists, and in citrus groves and mosques, and told of theory instruction given in mosques as well. Following the visit of the British Army veteran Colonel Tim Collins to the ruins of one of the mosques targeted by the IDF in Rafah, he said that in his view the evidencies of the secondary explosion, that could have indicated weapon's storage in the mosque, are present.
Palestinian rockets in Gaza.
According to Human Right Watch, On December 24, 2008, a rocket struck a bedroom of a family living in the Tel al-Hawa area in southern Gaza City, critically wounding one man. The brother of this victim told after the incident no armed group came to apologize. "I was next door in my home when this all happened. When one of those responsible tried to bargain for the shrapnel, I said that if no one took responsibility I will go to the courts, so Hamas came to me privately and admitted it." On December 26, 2008, a Palestinian rocket struck north of Beit Lahiya, a house was hit killing two cousins and wounding another. The grandfather described the rocket as about one meter in length; according to Human Rights Watch examination the diameter of the pipe is 120 mm. The grandfather said the rocket was taken by Hamas policemen for investigation: "After he left, the war started and we never heard from him again. We got the compensation given to all victims of the war."
Rocket attacks into Israel.
After the initial Israeli aerial assault, Hamas quickly dispersed both its personnel and weapons and equipment. According to Human Rights Watch rockets from Gaza were fired from populated areas, an Islamic Jihad fighter said: "the most important thing is achieving our military goals... We stay away from the houses if we can, but that's often impossible." According to BBC, Palestinian groups had been firing "in response to Israeli massacres". The strike range of Hamas rockets had increased from 16 km (9.9 mi) to 40 km (25 mi) since early 2008 with the use of improved Qassam and factory-made rockets. These attacks resulted in civilian casualties and damage to infrastructure. Rockets reached major Israeli cities Ashdod, Beersheba and Gedera for the first time, putting one-eighth of Israel's population in rocket range. On January 3, 2009 Ma'an News Agency reported: "The Al-Qassam Brigades, military wing of Hamas, said that after a week since the start of the 'Battle of Al-Furqan criterion' it has managed to fire 302 rockets, at an average of 44 rockets daily." As of January 13, 2009, Palestinian militants had launched approximately 565 rockets and 200 mortars at Israel since the beginning of the conflict, according to Israeli security sources. A source close to Hamas described the movement's use of stealth when firing: "They fired rockets in between the houses and covered the alleys with sheets so they could set the rockets up in five minutes without the planes seeing them. The moment they fired, they escaped, and they are very quick." It is reported that 102 rockets and 35 mortars were fired by Fatah, Hamas' chief rival.
Besides the rockets fired by the Qassam Brigades of Hamas, other factions claimed responsibility for rockets fired into Israel and attacks on Israeli soldiers, including Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades (affiliated with Fatah), the Abu Ali Mustapha Brigades, the Quds Brigades and the Popular Resistance Councils. A Fatah official stated that the rocket attacks by his faction contradicted the official position of Mahmoud Abbas, Fatah leader and President of the Palestinian National Authority. Abbas had called on all sides to cease hostilities unconditionally.
Militants fired over 750 rockets and mortars from Gaza into Israel during the conflict. Bersheeba and Gedera were the farthest areas hit by rocket or mortars. The rockets killed three civilians and one IDF soldier and wounded 182 people, with another 584 people suffering from shock and anxiety. The rockets also caused property damage, including damage to three schools. Senior Hamas official Mahmoud al-Zahar stated during the operation "they forces shelled everyone in Gaza... They shelled children and hospitals and mosques, ... and in doing so, they gave us legitimacy to strike them in the same way."
Human Rights Watch noted in the open letter to Ismail Haniyeh that despite his Foreign Ministry stance as part of response to the Goldstone Report, Palestinian armed groups remain responsible for firing rockets indiscriminately or deliberately at Israeli civilian objects. HRW also noted that Palestinian militants put Palestinian civilians at risk of Israeli counter-attacks by launching rockets from populated areas. The UN fact finding mission stated that the firing of rockets at Israel constituted a deliberate attack against the civilian population and was in violation of international law.
After the war, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades revealed new rockets it used during Israel's military operation and published pictures of weapons (Tandem and RPG-29 anti-armor rockets) that it could secretly smuggle to Gaza.
Besides being hit with rockets fired from Gaza, Israel experienced other attacks along the borders with Lebanon and Syria.
Unilateral ceasefires.
On January 17, Israeli officials announced a unilateral ceasefire. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert declared the ceasefire effective that night, at 00:00 GMT on January 18. The ceasefire consisted of two phases: "First a ceasefire is declared. If Hamas stops firing rockets then Israel pulls its forces out of the Gaza Strip. If rocket fire resumes then the IDF goes back in, this time with the international backing gained by having tried a truce." Olmert declared that the military objectives had been met. Hamas initially "vowed to fight on", and responded that any continued Israeli presence in Gaza would be regarded as an act of war. Farzi Barhoum, a Hamas spokesman, said before the ceasefire began, "The occupier must halt his fire immediately and withdraw from our land and lift his blockade and open all crossings and we will not accept any one Zionist soldier on our land, regardless of the price that it costs." Palestinian militants resumed rocket fire into southern Israel the following Sunday morning, four of the six fired landed in or near Sderot. The Israeli military returned fire and launched an air strike against the rocket launching site in northern Gaza.
On January 18, Hamas, Islamic Jihad and other paramilitias said they would stop launching rockets into Israel for one week and demanded "the withdrawal of the enemy forces from the Gaza Strip within a week, along with the opening of all the crossings for the entry of humanitarian aid, food and other necessities for our people in the Gaza Strip". Three days later, the last Israeli troops left Gaza.
Since the unilateral ceasefires were declared on January 17, militants have fired rockets and mortar shells from Gaza, and the IDF has launched airstrikes against Gaza.
Continued negotiations.
Egyptian mediators held discussions with Israel and Hamas about extending the cease-fire by a year or more. Hamas and Fatah met to allow both to play a role in rebuilding. Israel began pressuring Egypt to do more to stop weapons smuggling into Gaza, the halting of which is one of Israel's central demands in extending a cease-fire. On 27 January 2009, Foreign Minister of Egypt Ahmed Aboul Gheit discouraged Britain, France and Germany from sending warships to patrol the waters off Gaza, which the three European nations felt could help halt seaborne smuggling. Gheit said such efforts would harm Europe's relations with the Arab world. Egypt also opposed proposals for European troops to be stationed on the border between Gaza and Egypt to monitor smuggling tunnels.
Israel, along with many Western and some Arab countries, wanted international aid groups to control aid from donations around the world, so that Hamas would not receive credit for the rebuilding. To speed up reconstruction, Hamas agreed that it would not insist on collecting reconstruction money itself and would allow donated money to flow through different avenues based on the various alliances, although Hamas ultimately expected to administer the aid. But advisors to senior Hamas political leader Ismail Haniyeh said Israel's willingness to open the border for humanitarian aid only was unacceptable, as Hamas would need much more to rebuild its economy and provide relief for citizens. Haniyeh aides said the cease-fire is contingent on a full border opening.
Shortly after becoming President of the United States, Barack Obama directed newly appointed special envoy to the Middle East George J. Mitchell to visit Israel, the West Bank, Egypt, Jordan, Turkey and Saudi Arabia for peace talks. Mitchell began his meetings in Cairo on January 27, 2009, and Obama said his visit was part of the President's campaign promise to listen to both sides of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict and work toward a Middle East peace deal. Mitchell did not plan to talk to Hamas, but instead focus on talks with the more moderate Palestinian Authority. A spokesman for Haniyeh said he respected Mitchell, but was disappointed with the envoy's decision not to hold discussions with Hamas.
Ehud Olmert stated that Israel would not agree to a long term truce or lift the blockade on Gaza without the freeing of Gilad Shalit, an IDF soldier held captive in Gaza since June 2006. Hamas demanded that Israel release 1,400 Palestinian prisoners in exchange for Shalit and such negotiations be kept separate from ceasefire negotiations.
Post-war military assessment.
The war was an Israeli tactical victory and a significant tactical defeat for Hamas. Al-Qassam Brigades reported in "The outcome of al-Qassam operations during the Battle of "al-Furqan"" they killed 102 Israeli soldiers. On 19 January 2009, a spokesperson for the group said on al-Arabiya "Israel lost 'at least 80 soldiers' in the fighting" and said about Hamas losses "only 48 fighters slain in Israel war". According to United Nations report of the Independent International Fact-Finding Mission of Human Rights Council, which was on General Assembly's agenda on 29 October 2009: "The large discrepancy in the data confirms the Mission's observations below in the report about the reliability of the information about the Gaza military operations posted on websites of al-Qassam and other Palestinian armed groups." In November 2010, the Hamas Interior Minister acknowledged that around 700 militants part of Hamas and affiliated factions were killed in the war.
Several senior Hamas military commanders and politburo members were killed, as well as approximately 50 explosives experts. Hamas experienced "widespread desertion" in the face of the Israeli advance. Hamas also lost a very large amount of weaponry and equipment; key storage facilities were discovered under mosques and public buildings. A former Shin Bet deputy director who co-authored a report on the war noted, "Hamas had planned to stand and fight, but the Iz al-Qassam Brigades proved unequal to the task ... and consequently they failed to match the public image Hamas has tried so hard to present of stalwart, proficient Islamic warriors."
In addition, the Israeli operation greatly curtailed years of Hamas rocket fire, returning a sense of normalcy to Southern Israel. In the year before the war, Hamas had fired over 3,300 rockets at Israel's Gaza periphery towns. That number dropped to less than 300 in the ten months following the conflict.
Defense analyst David Eshel stated, "The success of Operation Cast Lead in the densely populated Gaza Strip shows that an industrial military that coordinates operations among land, air and sea units, makes effective use of advanced technology, and shares intelligence and leads from the front can decisively defeat an asymmetrical enemy." He further noted, "Israel used a variety of tactics to outflank and defeat Hamas in its own territory. These included long-term planning, meticulous intelligence-gathering, deception and disinformation." As a result of its poor performance, Hamas relieved at least two brigade commanders on Iranian advice, and reportedly stripped 100 fighters of their membership. The organization decided to initiate a thorough investigation of the conduct of its fighters during the operation. Hamas' leadership modified its tactical doctrine. The Qassam Brigades intensified military training at its various training camps and military academy in the Nuseirat refugee camp. The new training was thought to be more offensive, with a focus on hitting the rear of an IDF force. Hezbollah operatives were suspected of involvement in the program. In contrast to the pre-war period, when Hamas openly displayed its capabilities, the nature of the program was kept classified.
The Israeli army said it destroyed about 80% of the tunnels between Gaza and Egypt that were being used to bring in weapons and rocket components. Residents in Rafah said they cleared away debris and discovered that many of the tunnels were intact, though they acknowledged the destruction of many.
Casualties.
Human Rights organisations and the UN counted just above 1,400 Palestinian deaths, Israel acknowledged 1,166 deaths.
According to PCHR, among the Palestinian deaths were 926 unarmed civilians, 255 police officers, and 236 fighters. B’Tselem counted 248 killed police officers. The IDF tallied 295 killed civilians, least 709 armed militants and 162 undetermined.
The Hamas Interior Minister Fathi Hamad stated that between 200 and 300 Hamas fighters, another 150 security forces and 250 policemen were killed.
3 Israeli civilians were killed and 6 soldiers. Additionally, 4 soldiers were killed by "Friendly fire".
Civilians versus combatants.
In "The Jerusalem Post", Israeli-Arab journalist Khaled Abu Toameh suggested that killed fighters in civilian clothes led to the over-counting of civilian casualties and under-counting Hamas military casualties, as Palestinian casualties arrived at hospitals without weapons or any other signs revealing they were fighters. Further difficulties were met with due to differing definitions of who should be counted as a combatant, and the lack of access to the conflict zone by independent media or human rights workers due to Israel's strict blockade of the borders before, during, and after the conflict.
Gazan police.
During the conflict Israel targeted numerous police facilities in Gaza. Many of these attacks occurred during the first minutes of the operations resulting in the deaths of 99 policemen and nine other members of the public. The attacks on Police during the first day of the operation included the bombing of a police cadet graduation ceremony, killing scores of police cadets along with family members who had come to attend the celebration. Police cadets killed in the incident included traffic police and musicians in the police orchestra. The Israeli Orient Research Group reported that 78 of the 89 killed during this first IAF strike were terror operatives, many of them belonging to the militant group, al-Qassam Brigades. The Jerusalem Centre for Public Affairs further reported that 286 of the 343 police officers killed during the offensive were members of terror organizations and that another 27 fighters belonged to units undergoing infantry training. It noted that the security apparatuses participated in terror activity and that the Hamas leadership presented these organizations as at the forefront of the jihad for liberating all of Palestine. The UN fact finding mission established that approximately 240 Gaza policemen were killed by Israeli forces during the course of the conflict constituting over one sixth of the total Palestinian casualties.
Human Rights Watch stated that police are presumptively civilians but on a specific case by case basis can be considered valid targets if formally incorporated into the armed forces of a party to a conflict or directly participate in the hostilities. They stressed that blanket decisions must not be made about police being legitimate targets and that a decision that police and police stations are legitimate military targets depends on whether those police play a role in fighting against Israel, or whether a particular police station is used to store weapons or for some other military purpose. B'Tselem also states that police officers are presumed to be civilians and likely not legitimate objects of attack under international humanitarian law.
The IDF made clear that it regards police under the control of Hamas in Gaza to be equivalent to the enemies armed fighters, including them in the militant's count. A government paper published pictures of four men that were killed during the military operations that they claim were downloaded from Palestinian websites. The men are identified in the different pictures as both policemen and members of al-Qassam Brigades. Israeli Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center (ITIC) alleged that the distinction between the internal security forces and Hamas military wing is not sharply defined and cites Gaza police officials who said that police were instructed to fight the enemy in case of an invasion into the Gaza Strip. Many security force members were reported to "moonlight" with the militant group, Izzidin al-Qassam Brigades.
The UN Fact Finding Mission analysed the police institutions in Gaza from the time Hamas gained control. They concluded that the Gaza police were a civilian law-enforcement agency and that Israel's blanket targeting of the Gaza police was therefore a violation of international humanitarian law.
Gazan rockets.
During the conflict, Palestinian groups fired rockets targeting Israeli civilians in the cities of Ashdod, Beersheba and Gedera placing 1/8 of the Israeli population at risk. The military wing of Hamas said that after a week from the start, it had managed to fire 302 rockets, at an average of 44 rockets daily. 102 rockets and 35 mortars were fired by Fatah at Israel. Over 750 rockets and mortars were fired from Gaza into Israel during the conflict wounded 182 civilians, killing 3 people, and causing minor suffering to another 584 people suffering from shock and anxiety. Several rockets landed in schools and one fell close to a kindergarten, all located in residential areas. The UN fact finding mission stated that this constituted a deliberate attack against the civilian population and was unjustifiable in international law.
Aftermath.
Israel was victorious militarily, but its reputation was harmed. Hamas rejected the Quartet demands to recognize Israel, accept peace deals and abandon violence in exchange for an international recognition as Palestinian people representative. The international community continued to isolate Hamas (except for Iran and Syria). In the months following the war, Hamas suspended its use of rockets and shifted focus to winning support at home and abroad through cultural initiatives and public relations, with the aim to build a "cultural resistance". Hamas officials stated that "The current situation required a stoppage of rockets. After the war, the fighters needed a break and the people needed a break." Hamas also said that "rockets fired from Gaza were meant to hit military targets, but because they are unguided, they hit civilians by mistake." Israeli Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center notes that Hamas' post-war policy of restraint has come under severe criticism from local radical Islamic organizations, which accused Hamas of abandoning the principle of jihad to strengthen its control over the Gaza Strip. Israeli officials say that Hamas military commanders have recognized that their decision to take off their fatigues and don civilian clothing a few days into the fighting was a mistake that might have damaged morale and was perceived by Gazans as indicative that they had lost control of the territory; Hamas militants are now under orders to stay in uniform even if this makes them more easily targeted in Israeli air strikes.
By the end of 2009, in an attempt to cut smuggling tunnels, Egypt had begun to build an underground steel wall along its border with the Gaza Strip. The other steps include restrictions on movement through the Rafah crossing and the presence in Egypt of persons considered close to Hamas, and the expulsion of relatives of Hamas figures studying in Egypt. Egypt imposes naval blockade on its Gaza sea border. There were reports Egypt had severed all diplomatic ties with Hamas, which Hamas denied.
Propaganda and psychological warfare.
Hamas.
Before and during the conflict, Hamas' senior representatives released a number of statements designed to avert Israeli decision-makers from launching any military operation in Gaza and to cause demoralization among Israelis. Before the end of the pre-conflict ceasefire, Hamas boasted that it had countless surprises awaiting Israeli troops, should they advance. Hamas representatives threatened on several occasions to abduct Israeli soldiers, and during the ground invasion tried to spread rumors that it actually had captured or killed more Israeli soldiers.
On a video broadcast on Al-Aqsa TV on January 10, showing the names of Israeli towns hit by rockets, it was implied Tel-Aviv is the next target and that 'all options are open'. Also, Hamas sent messages in Hebrew to Israeli citizens' mobile phones warning: "Rockets on all cities, shelters will not protect you."
Hamas instrumentalized the abducted Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit as a form of psychological weapon, declaring that he had been wounded by Israeli fire, later announcing that his condition was no longer of interest to them.
According to IDF spokesman, Hamas' ruses in the battlefield included booby traps throughout Gaza's neighborhoods, such as mannequins placed at apartment entrances and rigged to explode when the soldiers approach.
Arab television stations reported Hamas-provided statistics for Israeli casualties on the assumption that Israel is distorting its own figures of soldiers killed and wounded.
A study by the Center for Strategic and International Studies notes that Hamas propaganda both rejected Hamas responsibility for the fighting and used it to attack the Palestinian Authority.
Dr. Tal Pavel from Israeli think-tank International Policy Institute for Counter-Terrorism (ICT) said that Hamas uses its Web sites to make comparisons between Israel and Nazi Germany, portraying Israel as a destructive, oppressive regime afraid of Hamas rockets raining on Tel Aviv.
Israel.
The day before the beginning of the offensive on December 27 the IDF pulled troops back from the border and used its radio channels to broadcast talk of a "lull" to achieve a disinformation coup to lure Hamas fighters out of hiding.
A broadcaster in Islamic Jihad's Voice of Jerusalem radio station in Gaza City reported that IDF have been breaking into his station signal "least once an hour" during conflict intensification to broadcast messages to Gaza's population that their problems were due to Hamas. The Israelis also dropped leaflets with similar messages and contact info to report about the whereabouts of militant leaders and weapons caches. The leaflets also noted, "The Israeli army will respond if the rocket fire continues." In war zones, leaflets warned local residents that they had to flee. It also warned residents that their homes would be targeted if they were located in an area of possible target. Dr. Yaniv Levitan of the University of Haifa said that the aim of the flyers was not to demoralize the civil population, but to implant recognition in hearts and minds that Hamas has failed, that there is an option of choosing another path.
IDF spokespersons often reported that scores of demoralized Hamas fighters had been observed deserting. According to Ephraim Kam, deputy head of the Institute of National Security Studies at Tel Aviv University, the claim could not be confirmed but it strengthened the Israeli population's will to continue and undermined the confidence of Hamas in Gaza.
There was a mistrust of phone calls warning messages to people that they have "just minutes to evacuate before they bomb the house". According to a human rights lawyer at the Palestinian Center for Human Rights (PCHR), despite the hundreds of phone calls to families warning their house is about to be blown up, only 37 were destroyed, presumably as of the January 3 date.
Controversies regarding tactics.
Both Israel and Hamas were accused of using controversial military tactics during the 2008–2009 Gaza War.
Controversial tactics allegedly used by Hamas.
Civilians as human shields.
Israel maintains that Hamas uses civilians, and especially children, as human shields, as a part of its war doctrine. They said that Hamas repeatedly called upon Palestinian civilians to gather near buildings where they feared that the IDF was about to launch air-strikes against Hamas targets.
The former commander of the British forces in Afghanistan Col. Richard Kemp testified at UN Human Rights Council 12th Special Session that Israel encountered an "enemy that deliberately positioned its military capability behind the human shield of the civilian population".
The commander of the military-terrorist wing of the PFLP-GC in the Gaza Strip stated in an interview that some areas did not present a problem because of the "population and building density" that would "provide the resistance with a shield".
Professor Newton, expert in laws of armed conflict testifying in front of United Nations Fact Finding Mission criticised a statement by a Hamas brigade commander who said, "The entire people of Gaza are the combatants and therefore, it is appropriate for us to issue warnings and then whether – if, even if they disregard them, to occupy their basement or their house or their backyard." Professor Newton stated that the legal obligation was to never commingle civilian and military objectives.
"The New York Times" quotes a study published by the Israel-based Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center, charging Hamas with methodically building its military infrastructure in the heart of population centers. According to the study, Hamas not only hides among the population, but has made a main component of its combat strategy "channeling" the army into the densely populated areas to fight. During the Gaza War, Hamas invested great effort in preventing civilians from leaving neighborhoods that were in the line of fire and letting them flee to the south of the Strip.
After Israeli forces fired shells near a UN school in Gaza killing around 30 people, Israel's military said the shelling was in response to mortar fire from within the school and asserted that Hamas were using civilians as cover. They stated that the dead near the school included Hamas members of a rocket launching cell. Two residents of the area confirmed that a group of militants were firing mortar shells from near the school and identified two of the victims as Hamas militants.
The Goldstone report found indications that Palestinian armed groups launched rockets from urban areas. The Mission was not been able to obtain any direct evidence of specific intent of shielding the rocket launchers from counterstrokes by the Israeli armed forces. From a legal perspective, the report said that the launching of attacks close to civilian buildings would have unnecessarily exposed the civilian population of Gaza and violated the customary rules of international humanitarian law and the right to life of the endangered civilians.
The Goldstone report concluded that there was evidence of the presence of Palestinian armed groups in residential areas. The report noted that because of the densely populated nature of the northern half of the Gaza strip, once the Israeli forces gained control of the outlying areas in the first few days of the ground invasion, most, if not all, locations still accessible to the Palestinian militants would have been in urban areas. It would be difficult to avoid mixing with the civilian population in the small and overcrowded Gaza Strip. The report concluded that the Israeli Government had not produced any evidence to support its allegation that Palestinian combatants “mingle
routinely with civilians in order to cover their movements”.
According to the book "The Goldstone Report 'Reconsidered' ", a compilation of essays authored by legal scholars and published by the pro-Israel group NGO Monitor, the conclusions were false and largely based on unverified claims made by NGOs.
Combatant use of civilian clothes.
A New York Times journalist asserted that Hamas militants were fighting in civilian clothes. Some NGO reports suggested that in general members of Palestinian armed groups did not wear military uniforms and mixed with the civilian population.
The UN Fact Finding Mission (Goldstone Mission), however, concluded in its report: "″While reports reviewed by the Mission credibly indicate that members of Palestinian armed groups were not always dressed in a way that distinguished them from civilians, the Mission found no evidence that Palestinian combatants mingled with the civilian population with the intention of shielding themselves from attack.″"
Military use of medical facilities and uniforms.
An IDF investigation concluded that Hamas forced the Red Crescent to hand over medic and nurse uniforms for its operatives and commandeered ambulances for fighters transportation during the War. Palestinian civilians living in Gaza detailed Hamas' attempts to hijack ambulances and the wearing of paramedic uniforms by Hamas fighters. An ambulance driver registered with and trained by the Palestinian Red Crescent Society spoke of Hamas' efforts to "lure the ambulances into the heart of a battle to transport fighters to safety" and the hijacking of the al-Quds Hospital's fleet of ambulances.
The IDF claimed that Hamas operated a command and control center inside Shifa Hospital in Gaza City throughout the War, and that Hamas field commanders exploited the daily cessation in fighting that the IDF established for humanitarian purposes to receive instructions from senior Hamas officials. Addressing the Israeli cabinet, an intelligence official claimed that senior members of Hamas sought refuge in the sub-level floors believing that Israel would not target them for fear that such a strike would invariably lead to heavy collateral damage to the hospital patients in the upper floors.
Next to the hospital, Militants set up posts that were used for the firing of mortars. Underneath a mosque that was located alongside the hospital was discovered a tunnel leading to the maternity ward, which was used by Hamas operatives to move undetected. After an Israeli airstrike on the central prison, which resulted in prisoners being released into the streets, several of the 115 prisoners accused of collaboration with Israel who had not yet been tried were executed by Hamas militants wearing civilian clothes in the Shifa hospital compound.
The Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center, an Israel-based group with close ties to the Israeli military establishment, reported that Hamas made extensive use of the Al-Fahoura Medical Centre and that they established a military camp and training base next to it. The ITIC released aerial pictures showing tunnels dug around the building and the medical centre and that the area surrounding the hospital was heavily mined. Rockets were launched in close proximity of the centre. The ITIC report stated that Hamas used 10 Gazan hospitals for launching rockets at Israeli towns and for attacking IDF troops.
Hamas also set up a command centre within a children's hospital located in the Nasser neighbourhood of Gaza City, which was used by top Hamas leadership on the night of December 27. Senior Hamas commanders also set up a command center in a Red Crescent Society clinic in Khan Yunis.
An IDF probe, released on April 22, 2009, stated that a UN vehicle was attacked by Israeli forces because a Palestinian anti-tank squad was being unloaded from the vehicle.
Amnesty International rejected the charges by Israel that Hamas had systematically used medical facilities, vehicles and uniforms as a cover, stating that no evidence had been provided proving such actions. Further, Magen David Adom's submission to the UN Mission investigating the war stated "there was no use of PRCS ambulances for the transport of weapons or ammunition ... there was no misuse of the emblem by PRCS."
Following its investigations the Goldstone report concluded that it "did not find any evidence to support the allegations that hospital facilities were used by the Gaza authorities or by Palestinian armed groups to shield military activities and that ambulances were used to transport combatants or for other military purposes".
Controversial tactics allegedly used by Israel.
Civilians as legitimate target.
The United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict found that Israel, at least in part, targeted the people of Gaza as a whole. The Mission considered firmly based in fact that "″the operations were in furtherance of an overall policy aimed at punishing the Gaza population for its resilience and for its apparent support for Hamas, and possibly with the intent of forcing a change in such support.″"
Disproportionate force.
Israel was widely criticised by human rights groups for using heavy firepower and causing hundreds of civilian casualties. A group of soldiers who took part in the conflict echoed the criticism through both the Israeli NGO Breaking the Silence and a special report by Israeli filmmaker Nurit Kedar that was shown on Britain's Channel 4 in January 2011. Israel was accused of having a deliberate policy of disproportionate force aimed at the civilian population. Israel has said that operational orders emphasised proportionality and humanity while the importance of minimising harm to civilians was made clear to soldiers. Retired U.S. Army colonel Douglas Macgregor gave his opinion as: "They went in heavy, with lots of firepower. But at the same time, because of good intel and other improvements, they were able to be selective and cut down on collateral damage."
IDF use of human shields.
On March 24, a report from the UN team responsible for the protection of children in war zones was released, it found "hundreds" of violations of the rights of children and accused Israeli soldiers of using children as human shields, bulldozing a home with a woman and child still inside, and shelling a building they had ordered civilians into a day earlier. One case involved using an 11-year-old boy as a human shield, by forcing him to enter suspected buildings first and also inspect bags. The report also mentioned the boy was used as a shield when Israeli soldiers came under fire. The Guardian has also received testimony from three Palestinian brothers aged 14, 15, and 16, who all claimed to have been used as human shields.
The UK newspaper "The Guardian" conducted an investigation of its own, which, according to the paper, uncovered evidence of war crimes including the use of Palestinian children as human shields.
The UN fact-finding mission investigated four incidents in which Palestinian civilians were coerced, blindfolded, handcuffed and at gunpoint to enter houses ahead of Israeli soldiers during military operations. The mission confirmed the continued use of this practice with published testimonies of Israeli soldiers who had taken part in the military operations. The mission concluded that these practices amounted to using civilians as human shields in breach of international law. Some civilians were also questioned under threat of death or injury to extract information about Palestinian combatants and tunnels, constituting a further violation of international humanitarian law.
White phosphorus.
From January 5, reports emerged of use by Israel of white phosphorus against the Palestinian population, which was initially denied by Israel. There were numerous reports of its use by the IDF during the conflict. On January 12, it was reported that more than 50 phosphorus burns victims were in Nasser Hospital. On January 16 the UNRWA headquarters was hit with phosphorus munitions. As a result of the hit, the compound was set ablaze. On completion of the three-day Israeli withdrawal (January 21) an Israeli military spokeswoman said that shells containing phosphorus had been used in Gaza but said that they were used legally as a method to provide a smokescreen. The IDF reiterated their position on January 13 saying that it used weapons "in compliance with international law, while strictly observing that they be used according to the type of combat and its characteristics". On March 25, 2009, the United States-based human rights organization Human Rights Watch published a 71 page report titled "Rain of Fire, "Israel's Unlawful Use of White Phosphorus in Gaza" and said that Israel's usage of the weapon was illegal. Donatella Rovera, Amnesty's researcher on Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories said that such extensive use of this weapon in Gaza's densely populated residential neighbourhoods is inherently indiscriminate. "Its repeated use in this manner, despite evidence of its indiscriminate effects and its toll on civilians, is a war crime," she said. The Goldstone report accepted that white phosphorus is not illegal under international law but did find that the Israelis were "systematically reckless in determining its use in built-up areas". It also called for serious consideration to be given to the banning of its use as an obscurant.
After watching footage of Israeli troop deployments on television, a British soldier who completed numerous combat tours in Iraq and Afghanistan with the Intelligence Corps defended the Israeli Army's use of white phosphorus. The soldier noted, "White phosphorus is used because it provides an instant smokescreen, other munitions can provide a smokescreen but the effect is not instant. Faced with overwhelming enemy fire and wounded comrades, every commander would choose to screen his men instantly, to do otherwise would be negligent."
Colonel Lane, a military expert testifying in front of the fact-finding mission in July 2009, told that white phosphorus is used for smoke generation to hide from the enemy. He stated, "The quality of smoke produced by white phosphorus is superb; if you want real smoke for real coverage, white phosphorus will give it to you."
Professor Newton, expert in laws of armed conflict testifying in front of the committee, said that in an urban area, where potential perils are snipers, explosive devices and trip wires, one effective way to mask forces' movement is by white phosphorus. In certain cases, he added, such choice of means would be less harmful for civilian population than other munitions, provided that the use of white phosphorus withstands the proportionality test. In discussing the principle of proportionality he said that the legality of using white phosphorus in an urban setting could only be decided on a case by case basis taking into account "the precise circumstances of its use, not in general, generically, but based on that target, at that time". He stressed that the humanitarian implications were vital in this assessment giving the example that using white phosphorus on a school yard would have different implications to its use on another area. He also said that in his view white phosphorus munition is neither chemical nor incendiary weapon and is not intended to cause damage. He said its use was not prohibited by the Chemical Weapons Convention.
An article by Mark Cantora examining the legal implications of the use of white phosphorus munitions by the IDF, published in 2010 in the "Gonzaga Journal of International Law", argues that Israel's use of white phosphorus in Gaza was technically legal under existing international humanitarian laws and "Therefore, it is imperative for the international community to convene a White Phosphorus Convention Conference in order to address these issues and fill this substantial gap in international humanitarian law."
Dense inert metal explosives (DIME).
Dense Inert Metal Explosive (DIME) is a type of bomb developed to minimize collateral damage. DIME is a relatively new weapons technology being developed mainly in the United States. Several studies, including the one of Armed Forces Radiobiology Research Institute, indicate that the tungsten residuals of the DIME weapon in the muscles of the laboratory animals result in severe malignant carcinogenesis. It is yet to be seen if this will have the same effect in humans. Because of possible high inclination to develop cancerous tumors in humans, some argue that the use of tungsten in weapons may be more dangerous than depleted uranium.
Casualties show unusual injuries. A military expert working for Human Rights Watch said judging by the nature of the wounds and descriptions given by Gazans made it seem likely that Israel used DIME weapons. A Norwegian doctor who worked at Gaza's Shifa Hospital said that pressure waves generated by missile hits are likely the cause and produced by DIME weapons. Another Norwegian doctor said they had ″clear evidence that the Israelis are using a new type of very high explosive weapons which are called Dense Inert Metal Explosive″.
Colonel Lane, military expert testifying in front of the fact-finding mission in July 2009, told the committee that through his studies, no actual proof was found that DIME rounds were used, but tungsten, iron, and sulfur were found in samples analyzed in a forensic lab. He is of the view that some weapons systems used in the conflict had some sort of DIME component to reduce the effect on the ground. Colonel Lane explained that the idea behind a Focused Lethality Munition (FLM), which is an example of a DIME munition, is that the fragments produced stay within a safety radius of about 6 meters, so anybody outside that radius is safe, while those within the area of dispersal will be affected severely. He commented on the documentations where medics described unusual amputations saying that he was no medical expert, but the use of a metal like tungsten and cobalt at short distances would likely have that effect.
The Goldstone Report wrote that the Mission found that the allegations that DIME weapons were used Israeli armed forces required further clarification and they were unable to ascertain their usage, though it received reports from Palestinian and foreign doctors who had operated in Gaza during the military operations of a high percentage of patients with injuries compatible with their impact. It stated that the "focused lethality" reportedly pursued in DIME weapons could be seen as enhancing compliance with the principle of distinction between civilian and military objects. The report added that as it currently stands, DIME weapons and weapons armed with heavy metal are not prohibited under international law, but do raise specific health concerns.
An Amnesty International report called on Israel to confirm or deny its use of DIME in order to facilitate the treatment of those injured in the conflict. After reports of similar cases in 2006, the IDF had denied the use of DIME weapons.
Accusations of misconduct by IDF soldiers.
Testimonies from Israeli soldiers allegedly admitting indiscriminate killings of civilians, as well as vandalizing homes, were reported in March 2009. Soon after the publication of the testimonies, reports implying that the testimonies were based on hearsay and not on the firsthand experience started to circulate. At the same time, another kind of evidence was collected from several soldiers who took part in the fighting, that rebutted claims of immoral conduct on the military's part during Gaza War. Following investigations, the IDF issued an official report, concluding that alleged cases of deliberate shooting at civilians did not take place. Nine Israeli rights groups reacting to the closure of the investigation issued a joint statement calling for an "independent nonpartisan investigative body to be established to look into all Israeli army activity" in Gaza.
In July 2009, the Israeli NGO Breaking the Silence published testimony from 26 soldiers (two junior officers and the rest enlisted personnel) who took part in the Gaza assault, claiming that the IDF used Gazans as human shields, improperly fired incendiary white phosphorus shells over civilian areas and used overwhelming firepower that caused needless deaths and destruction. The report did not represent a cross-section of the army, but rather they were troops who had approached the group or were reached through acquaintances of NGO members. The accusations were made by anonymous people who claimed that they were reserves soldiers and whose faces had been blurred in the filmed talks. An Israeli military spokesperson dismissed the testimonies as anonymous hearsay and questioned why Breaking the Silence had not handed over its findings before the media had been informed. The Israeli military said some allegations of misconduct had turned out to be second or third-hand accounts and the result of recycled rumours. Breaking the Silence state that their methodology includes the verification of all information by cross-referencing the testimonies it collects and that published material has been confirmed by a number of testimonies, from several different points of view. A representative stated "the personal details of the soldiers quoted in the collection, and the exact location of the incidents described in the testimonies, would readily be made available to any official and independent investigation of the events, as long as the identity of the testifiers did not become public." A soldier who described using Gazans as human shields told in an interview to "Haaretz" that he had not seen Palestinians being used as human shields but had been told by his commanders that this occurred.
In response to the report, a dozen English-speaking reservists who served in Gaza delivered signed, on-camera counter-testimonies via the SoldiersSpeakOut group, about Hamas' "use of Gazans as human shields and the measures the IDF took to protect Arab civilians". The special report by Israeli filmmaker Nurit Kedar shown on Channel 4 detailed similar allegations by former IDF soldiers that included vandalism and misconduct by Israeli troops.
Colonel Richard Kemp, former commander of British forces in Afghanistan, in his address to the UNHRC asserted that during the conflict, the Israel Defense Forces "did more to safeguard the rights of civilians in a combat zone than any other army in the history of warfare" and that Palestinian civilian casualties were a consequence of Hamas' way of fighting, which involved using human shields as a matter of policy, and deliberate attempts to sacrifice their own civilians. He added that Israel took extraordinary measures to give Gaza civilians notice of targeted areas and aborted potentially effective missions in order to prevent civilian casualties.
Prosecutions.
The first Israeli soldier to be prosecuted for actions committed during the war was a Givati Brigade soldier who stole a Visa credit card from a Palestinian home and used it to withdraw NIS 1,600 ($405). He was arrested and tried before the Southern Command Military Court on charges of looting, credit card fraud, and indecent conduct. He was found guilty and sentenced to seven and a half months in military prison.
In a report submitted to the UN in January 2010, the IDF stated that two senior officers were disciplined for authorizing an artillery attack in violation of rules against their near populated areas. Several artillery shells hit the UNRWA compound in Tel al-Hawa. During the attack on 15 January 2009, the compound was set ablaze by white phosphorus shells. The officers involved were identified as Gaza Division Commander Brigadier-General Eyal Eisenberg and Givati Brigade Commander Colonel Ilan Malka. An IDF internal investigation concluded that the firing of the shells violated the IDF orders limiting the use of artillery fire near populated areas and endangered human life. IDF sources added later that the shells had been fired to create cover to assist in the extrication of IDF troops, some of whom were wounded, from an area where Hamas held a superior position. An Israeli Government spokesman stated that in this particular case they had found no evidence of criminal wrongdoing and so had not referred the case to criminal investigation.
In October 2010, Colonel Ilan Malka was interrogated by Israeli military police over the Zeitoun incident, and a criminal investigation was opened. Malka was suspected of authorizing an airstrike on a building that left numerous members of the Samouni family dead. His promotion to the rank of Brigadier-General was suspended due to the investigation. Malka told investigatiors that he was unaware of the presence of civilians. He was eventually reprimanded over the incident, but it was decided not to indict him. No other charges were brought over this incident. The IDF denied that they were targeting civilians and "The New York Times" reported that Hamas members had launched rockets at Israel about a mile away from the residents, an area "known to have many supporters of Hamas". The Palestinian Center for Human Rights called the result "disgraceful" and Btselem stated the need for an external investigator to look into IDF actions during Cast Lead.
In June 2010, Chief Advocate General Avichai Mandelblit summoned a recently discharged Givati Brigade sniper for a special hearing. The soldier was suspected of opening fire on Palestinian civilians when a group of 30 Palestinians that included women and children waving a white flag, approached an IDF position. The incident, which occurred on January 4, 2009, resulted in the death of a non-combatant. Mandelblit decided to indict the soldier on a charge of manslaughter, despite contradictory testimony and the fact that IDF investigators could not confirm that the soldier was responsible for the death.
In July 2010, the officer who authorized the airstrike on the Ibrahim al-Maqadna Mosque was subjected to disciplinary action, as shrapnel caused "unintentional injuries" to civilians inside. The IDF said that the officer "failed to exercise appropriate judgement", and that he would not be allowed to serve in similar positions of command in the future. Another Israeli officer was also reprimanded for allowing a Palestinian man to enter a building to persuade Hamas militants sheltering inside to leave.
In November 2010, two Givati Brigade Staff Sergeants were convicted by the Southern Command Military Court of using a Palestinian boy as a human shield. The soldiers had been accused of forcing nine year-old Majed R. at gunpoint to open bags suspected of containing bombs in the Tel al-Hawa neighborhood. Both soldiers were demoted one rank and given three-month suspended sentences.
According to the U.S. State Department's 2010 Human Rights Report, the Military Advocate General investigated over 150 wartime incidents, including those mentioned in the Goldstone Report. As of July, the Military Advocate General launched 47 criminal investigations into the conduct of IDF personnel, and completed a significant number of those.
On April 1, 2011, Judge Richard Goldstone, the lead author of the UN report on the conflict, published a piece in The Washington Post titled 'Reconsidering the Goldstone Report on Israel and war crimes'. Goldstone noted that the subsequent investigations conducted by Israel "indicate that civilians were not intentionally targeted as a matter of policy" while "the crimes allegedly committed by Hamas were intentional goes without saying." He further expressed regret "that our fact-finding mission did not have such evidence explaining the circumstances in which we said civilians in Gaza were targeted, because it probably would have influenced our findings about intentionality and war crimes." The other principal authors of the UN report, Hina Jilani, Christine Chinkin and Desmond Travers, have rejected Goldstone's reassessment arguing that there is "no justification for any demand or expectation for reconsideration of the report as nothing of substance has appeared that would in anyway change the context, findings or conclusions of that report with respect to any of the parties to the Gaza conflict".
Effects.
Along with a high casualty rate, there were multiple economic, industrial and medical effects of the Gaza War. The United Nations Development Programme warned that there will be long-term consequences of the attacks on Gaza because the livelihoods and assets of tens of thousands of Gaza civilians have been affected.
Early estimates by independent contractors in Gaza say that Gaza lost nearly $2 billion in assets, including 4,000 homes destroyed. The IDF destroyed 600–700 factories, small industries, workshops and business enterprises throughout the Gaza Strip, 24 mosques, 31 security compounds, and 10 water or sewage lines. The World Health Organization said that 34 health facilities (8 hospitals and 26 primary health care clinics) were damaged over the course of the offensive and the UNOCHA said that over 50 United Nations facilities sustained damage, of which 28 reported damage in the first three days of the operation. On 22 January 2010, Israel paid $10.5 million in compensation to the United Nations for damages to UN property incurred during the Israeli offensive.
A satellite-based damage assessment of the Gaza Strip by the United Nations revealed 2,692 destroyed and severely damaged buildings, 220 impact craters on roads and bridges with an estimated length of 167 km (104 mi) of paved and unpaved roads damaged, 714 impact craters on open ground or cultivated land with an estimated land area of 2,100 hectares (21 km²), 187 greenhouses completely destroyed or severely damaged with an estimated area of 28 hectares (0.28 km²), and 2,232 hectares (22.32 km²) of demolished zones targeted by IDF bulldozers, tanks and phosphorus shelling.
Health problems in Gaza.
Following the war, Gaza has witnessed increasing epidemics of health problems.
At the Al Shifa hospital a constant increase in the percentage of children born with birth defects of about 60% was witnessed when the period of July to September 2008 was compared to the same period in 2009. Dr. Mohammed Abu Shaban, director of the Blood Tumors Department in Al-Rantisy Hospital in Gaza has witnessed an increase in the number of cases of blood cancer. In March 2010 the department had seen 55 cases so far for that year, compared to the 20 to 25 cases normally seen in an entire year.
During the war, Norwegian medics said that they had found traces of depleted uranium, a radioactive and genotoxic material used in some types of munition, in some Gaza residents who were wounded. Lawyers who brought back soil samples from Gaza said that areas where these samples were taken contained up to 75 tons of depleted uranium. The Israeli government denied it used Depleted Uranium, and the United Nations opened an investigation. Israel had also initially denied the use of white phosphorus during the war, but later acknowledged that indeed it had used white phosphorus to cover troop movements.
The policy of the Government of Israel is to condition the access of Palestinians who live in the Palestinian territories to healthcare in Israel upon financial coverage from the Palestinian Authority. In January 2009, following the war, the Palestinian Authority cancelled financial coverage for all medical care for Palestinians in Israeli hospitals, including coverage for chronically ill Palestinian patients, and those in need of complex care that is not available in other tertiary medical centers in the region. This decision was protested by human rights organizations.
Gaza humanitarian crisis.
The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs reported that the Gaza humanitarian crisis is significant and should not be understated. It also states that the situation is a "human dignity crisis" in the Gaza strip, entailing "a massive destruction of livelihoods and a significant deterioration of infrastructure and basic services". Fear and panic are widespread; 80% of the population could not support themselves and were dependent on humanitarian assistance. The International Red Cross said the situation was "intolerable" and a "full blown humanitarian crisis". The importation of necessary food and supplies continues to be blocked even after the respective ceasefires. According to the World Food Programme, the UN's Food and Agriculture Organization and Palestinian officials, between 35% and 60% of the agriculture industry was wrecked. With extensive damage occurring to water sources, greenhouses, and farmland. It is estimated that 60% of the agricultural land in the north of the Strip may no longer be arable. More than 50,800 Gazans were left homeless. Extensive destruction was caused to commercial enterprises and to public infrastructure. According to Palestinian industrialists, 219 factories were destroyed or severely damaged during the Israeli military operation. They accounted as part of the 3% of industrial capacity that was operating after the Israeli blockade was imposed, which was mostly destroyed during the operation.
On January 3, before the IDF ground operation, Israel's foreign minister Tzipi Livni said that Israel had taken care to protect the civilian population of Gaza, and that it had kept the humanitarian situation "completely as it should be", maintaining Israel's earlier stance. The Secretary-general of the Arab League, Amr Moussa, criticized Livni's statement and further criticized the Security Council for not responding faster to the crisis. On subsequent reports, the UN stated that "only an immediate cease-fire will be able to address the large-scale humanitarian and protection crisis that faces the people of Gaza."
The Emergency Relief Coordinator of the United Nations has stated that after the end of the Israeli operation, at best, only 120 truckloads get into Gaza, instead of the normal daily requirement, including commercial traffic, of 500 trucks at minimum. It is also reported in his statement and other UN humanitarian office reports that essential items such as construction materials, water pipes, electrical wires, and transformers continue to be effectively banned, or only allowed infrequently. He also stated that commercial goods must be allowed in and out, since Gaza Palestinians "do not want or deserve to be dependent on humanitarian aid" and that the "limited trickle" of items into Gaza continue the effective collective punishment of the civilian population and force the counter-productive reliance on tunnels for daily essentials.
As a result of the conflict, the European Union, the Organisation of the Islamic Conference and over 50 nations donated humanitarian aid to Gaza, including the United States, which donated over $20 million. On January 7, a UN Relief Works Agency spokesman acknowledged that he was "aware of instances where deliveries of humanitarian aid into Gaza" were diverted by the Hamas government, though never from his agency. Additionally, on February 3, blankets and food parcels were confiscated by Hamas police personnel from an UNRWA distribution center, and on February 4, the UN Emergency Relief Coordinator demanded that the aid be returned immediately. The Hamas government issued a statement stating that the incident was a misunderstanding between the drivers of the trucks and has been resolved through direct contact with the UNRWA. On February 9, UNRWA lifted the suspension on the movement of its humanitarian supplies into Gaza, after the Hamas authorities returned all the aid supplies confiscated. The UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs has described the Israeli procedures for humanitarian organizations entrance to Gaza as inconsistent and unpredictable ones that impedes the ability of organizations to effectively plan their humanitarian response and obstructs efforts to address the humanitarian crisis brought by the 18 months blockade and Israel's military operation. The UN also reported that international organizations faced "unprecedented denial" of access to Gaza by Israel since 5 November and that humanitarian access remained unreliable and needed to be granted on an unrestricted daily basis.
In a damage assessment by the World Health Organization, 48% of the 122 health facilities assessed were found to be damaged or destroyed, 15 of Gaza's 27 hospitals and 41 primary health care centers suffered damage, and 29 ambulances were partially damaged or destroyed. Injured patients needing referral outside Gaza for specialized care were evacuated exclusively through the Egyptian Rafah border crossing. In the early stages of the conflict, Hamas sealed the border, and prevented wounded Palestinians from seeking medical attention in Egypt. On 30 December, the organization allowed a trickle of medical evacuations from Gaza, but restricted their number. Gaza Ministry of Health reported that between 29 December and 22 January, 608 injured were evacuated through Rafah. The Israeli Erez crossing was closed much of the period and only 30 patients were able to exit during the crisis. An initial survey conducted by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) estimates that 14,000 homes, 68 government buildings, and 31 non-governmental organization offices (NGOs) were either totally or partially damaged, creating about 600,000 tonnes of concrete rubble needing to be removed. Since 2007, Israel has not permitted the entry of construction material into Gaza, adversely affecting UN projects, in particular UNRWA and UNDP, who suspended more than $100 million in construction projects due to lack of materials.
The Israeli Health Ministry and Magen David Adom established an emergency clinic for wounded Gazans at the Erez crossing on 17 June. The clinic received only patients, none of them with war-related injuries, and it was suspected that Hamas had instructed civilians not to seek treatment there. The clinic closed after ten days. Subsequently, the Jordanian Army established a field hospital in the Gaza Strip, which is still operating. The hospital's equipment, staff, and military guards are transferred from Jordan through Israel via the Allenby Bridge, and outgoing personnel return the same way.
One year after the ceasefire approximately 20,000 people remained displaced.
Effects on Israel.
During the conflict, life in much of southern Israel was paralyzed by Hamas rocket and mortar fire. The Israeli Home Front Command issued detailed emergency instructions to Israeli citizens for preparing for and dealing with rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip. The instructions included orders to stay within a certain distance of bomb shelters based on proximity to the source of the rockets. Hamas' Grad rockets' increased range of 40 km put more than 700,000 Israelis within strike range, prompting 40% of the residents of the southern city of Ashkelon to flee the city, despite official calls to stay. Throughout the war, Palestinian rocket attacks into Israel damaged or destroyed more than 1,500 homes and buildings and 327 vehicles. Numerous agricultural fields near Gaza also sustained damage. Twenty-eight Israeli families lost their homes to rocket attacks, and had to temporarily live in hotels. Among the buildings hit were nine educational facilities and three synagogues.
Schools and universities in southern Israel began to close due to rocket threats on December 27. Studies officially resumed on January 11. Only schools with fortified classrooms and bomb shelters were allowed to bring students in, and IDF Home Front Command representatives were stationed in the schools; attendance was low. Palestinian rocket attacks that hit educational facilities caused no casualties.
The largest hospital on Israel's southern coast, Ashkelon's Barzilai Medical Center, moved its critical treatment facilities into an underground shelter after a rocket struck beside its helicopter pad on December 28.
Most business in Southern Israel stopped upon orders of the Home Front Command, with retailers losing an estimated $7 million in the first week. Numerous small businesses suffered in decreased sales, and were unable to pay employee salaries due to low revenues. Major industries remained open, but had high absence rates. The Manufacturers Association of Israel estimated the direct cost to business and industry to be 88 million NIS, and indirect financial losses at several tens of millions of shekels.
The Israel Tax Authority received 1,728 compensation claims for damages related to the conflict, mostly from Ashkelon and Ashdod.
According to Israeli economist Ron Eichel, the war effort cost the Israeli military about 5 billion NIS in military expenditure, or 250 million NIS per day. An anonymous political source told Ynetnews that the aerial assaults were costing $27 million to $39 million a day in munitions and fuel, totaling the first six days of the operation at nearly $265 million for air-strikes alone. Both the IDF and Treasury refused to disclose the exact amount, and the Treasury adamantly denied these figures.
International law.
Accusations of violations regarding international humanitarian law, which governs the actions by belligerents during an armed conflict, have been directed at both Israel and Hamas for their actions during the Gaza War. The accusations covered violating laws governing distinction and proportionality by Israel, the indiscriminate firing of rockets at civilian locations and extrajudicial violence within the Gaza Strip by Hamas. As of September 2009, some 360 complaints had been filed by individuals and NGOs at the prosecutor's office in the Hague calling for investigations into alleged crimes committed by Israel during the Gaza War.
On September 15, 2009, a 574 page report by UN inquiry team was released, officially titled "Human Rights in Palestine and Other Occupied Arab Territories: Report of the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict". It concluded that the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) and Palestinian armed groups committed war crimes and possibly crimes against humanity. On October 16, 2009, the UN Human Rights Council endorsed the report. Israel's Defense Minister said that the report was distorted, falsified and not balanced.
Human rights organizations have urged both Israel and Hamas to implement an independent investigation into the alleged violations of international law as stipulated by the Goldstone report.
On April 1, 2011, Goldstone wrote an op-ed that appeared in "The Washington Post" in which he stated that he no longer believes the report's finding that Israel targeted Palestinian civilians as a matter of policy, the most serious accusation the report made against Israel. The three other signatories to the UNHRC report, Hina Jilani, Christine Chinkin and Desmond Travers, co-authored an op-ed that appeared in "The Guardian" in which they replied that there was no evidence that refutes any of the report's findings.
In April 2012, the International Criminal Court (ICC) rejected the Palestinian Authority's (PA) request that Israel be investigated for claimed war crimes in Gaza in 2009, holding that since the PA is recognized by the UN General Assembly as an "observer" rather than a "state", the ICC lacked jurisdiction to hear its request. The decision was heavily criticized by human rights groups.
Media.
International news networks named the conflict "War in Gaza" and focused on the assault. Israeli media called it the "War in the South" ( "Milẖama BaDarom") and dispatched reporters to Israeli towns hit by rockets. Al Jazeera suggested that it was a war against Palestinian civilians with the title "War on Gaza".
Denied media access.
Reporter access to the war zone was limited. During the Gaza raids against Hamas, the Israeli army denied international media access to the conflict zone, against a decision by the Israeli Supreme Court to lift the embargo. The "Foreign Press Association of Israel" released a statement saying, ""The unprecedented denial of access to Gaza for the world's media amounts to a severe violation of press freedom and puts the state of Israel in the company of a handful of regimes around the world which regularly keep journalists from doing their jobs.""
Attacks on the media.
Media facilities in Gaza, both foreign and domestic, came under Israeli fire in the military campaign. On one occasion a Grad rocket may have been launched from a location near the television studios in the Al-Shuruk tower in Gaza City. Although the Israeli recording of a reporter describing a rocket launch was during the initial aerial bombardment phase the tower was only bombed in the final few days. On December 29, the IDF destroyed the facilities and headquarters of Al-Aqsa TV (though broadcasts continue from elsewhere), and a week later, IDF soldiers entered the building and seized the equipment. The Israelis also hacked into the station's signal and broadcast an animated clip of Hamas' leadership being gunned down. On January 5, the IDF bombed the offices of the Hamas-affiliated Al-Risala newsweekly. On January 9, the IDF hit the Johara tower of Gaza City, which houses more than 20 international news organizations, including Turkish, French, and Iranian outlets. The IDF Spokesperson's Unit said that the building had not been targeted, though it may have sustained damage from a nearby Israeli strike.
On January 12, two Arab journalists from Jerusalem working for an Iranian television station were arrested by Israeli Police and indicted in the Jerusalem District Court for violating military censorship protocols. They had reported on the IDF ground offensive hours before they were cleared to do so. The journalists maintained that they merely stated what was already being said in the international media.
New media.
Media relations also played an important role, with the use of new media (up to and including cyber warfare) on the part of both Israel and Hamas. "Haaretz" reported that Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni "instructed senior ministry officials to open an aggressive and diplomatic international public relations campaign to gain support for Israel Defense Forces operations in the Gaza Strip". Israeli officials at embassies and consulates worldwide have mounted campaigns in local media, and to that end have recruited people who speak the native language. Israel has also opened an international media centre in Sderot. To improve Israeli public relations, the Ministry of Immigrant Absorption has recruited 1,000 volunteers with the objective of flooding news websites and blogs that the ministry term as anti-Israeli with pro-Israeli opinions. Volunteers proficient in languages other than Hebrew were particularly sought after.
Foreign Press Branch head Avital Leibovich believes the "new media" is another war zone, stating, "We have to be relevant there." As part of its public-relations campaign, the Israeli army opened a YouTube channel "through which it will disseminate footage of precision bombing operations in the Gaza Strip, as well as aid distribution and other footage of interest to the international community".
Reactions.
While Israel defined its operation as a war against Hamas, Palestinian representatives and individuals, among others, viewed it as a "war on the Palestinian people".
The United Nations Security Council issued a statement on December 28, 2008, calling "for an immediate halt to all violence". The Arab League, the European Union and many nations made similar calls. On January 9, 2009, following an earlier, failed attempt at a ceasefire resolution, the United Nations Security Council passed Resolution 1860 calling for "an immediate, durable and fully respected cease-fire" leading to a full Israeli withdrawal and an end to Gaza arms smuggling, by 14 votes to one abstention (the United States). The resolution was ignored by both Israel and Hamas.
Many governments expressed positions on the conflict, most condemning both belligerents, or neither of them. Thirty-four states, mostly members of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference, condemned Israel's attacks exclusively. Three of them expressed support for Hamas' operations or defined them as falling within its right of resistance. Nineteen states, mostly members of the European Union, condemned Hamas' attacks exclusively. Thirteen of them expressed support for Israel's operations or defined them as falling within Israel's right to self-defense.
Bolivia, Jordan, Mauritania and Venezuela significantly downscaled or severed their relations with Israel in protest of the offensive.
The conflict saw worldwide civilian demonstrations for and against both sides.
The conflict triggered a wave of reprisal attacks against Jewish targets in Europe and elsewhere. The worldwide number of recorded antisemitic incidents during the conflict more than tripled the number of such incidents in the same period of the previous year, marking a two-decade high.
The British government reviewed its export licenses to Israel for violations of EU and national arms export control laws and revoked five export licenses for replacement parts and other equipment for Sa'ar 4.5 missile boats used by Israel because they were used in the Gaza offensive, although 16 export licenses for other British defense items to Israel were approved.
The conflict has been called the Gaza Massacre () in the Arab world. Khaled Mashal, Hamas' leader in Damascus called for suicide bombings. Ismail Haniyeh, Prime Minister of the Hamas government in Gaza, said: "Palestine has never witnessed an uglier massacre."
On December 28, 2008, a Palestinian laborer working in the Israeli settlement of Modi'in Illit struck his supervisor on the head with a sledehammer, stabbed and injured four civilians, and beat up several others. He was shot and severely wounded by an emergency response team member as he attempted to flee. His actions were suspected of being a reprisal for Israel's attack. The worker had been employed in the city for about 10 years with no previous trouble, but had spoken out against the war shortly before his rampage.
Reactions in Israel.
The war provoked mixed reactions inside Israel, with the Jewish majority largely supporting it, and the Arab minority mostly opposing it. A poll taken on January 8, 2009, showed that 91% of the Jewish public supported the war, and 4% opposed it, while a separate poll conducted from January 4–6 showed a 94% approval of the war among Jews and 85% disapproval among Israeli Arabs.
During the war, Arab protests took place across the country. Within hours of the war's start, the Higher Follow-Up Committee for Arab citizens of Israel met in Nazareth, and declared a "day of wrath and mourning for the martyrs among our compatriots in the Gaza Strip", and a general strike for the following day. Arab demonstrations took place across the country almost every day during the offensive, and were described as the "largest Arab demonstrations in Israel's history". Arab parties and parliamentarians in the Knesset also opposed the offensive. In Jerusalem, Arabs held violent demonstrations, which included rock-throwing, arson, and vandalism of Jewish graves. Police arrested dozens of rioters. At the University of Haifa, Tel Aviv University and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jewish leftist and Arab students staged anti-war demonstrations, which were met with pro-war counter-demonstrations. Some confrontations occurred despite police keeping protesters apart.
The legal rights agency Adalah produced a report highly critical of the Israeli police and court system's response to the opposition to Operation Cast Lead. The report said that the Israeli authorities had shown a lack of tolerance for protests, and had damaged the freedom of expression of those opposing the attacks on Gaza. The report said that the actions showed the lessons of the Or Commission had not been learned. The Israeli Ministry of Justice responded that the risk to human life and public welfare had justified their actions.

</doc>
<doc id="20855564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855564" title="Andrew Timlin">
Andrew Timlin

Andrew Timlin (born June 15, 1974) is a retired field hockey player from New Zealand, who was a regular member of the men's national team, nicknamed "The Black Sticks", during the 1990s. Timlin earned a total number of 43 caps during his career.

</doc>
<doc id="20855570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855570" title="2005 Speedway World Cup Event 2">
2005 Speedway World Cup Event 2

The 2005 Speedway World Cup Event 2 was the second race of the 2005 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on August 2, 2005 in the Smedstadion in Eskilstuna, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20855583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855583" title="Camp Hulen">
Camp Hulen

Camp Hulen was a military training camp near Palacios, Texas, United States that operated from 1925 until 1946, and at one time supported the largest concentration of troops for field training in the United States military.
Camp Palacios was established in 1925 as a summer training camp for the 36th Infantry of the Texas National Guard. The camp was renamed for Major John A. Hulen (1871–1957) in 1930. In 1940, the War Department leased Camp Hulen for anti-aircraft training of National Guard units from around the country.
At its peak, the camp had facilities for 12,000 military personnel and continued as a training facility until early 1944. German prisoners of war were housed at Camp Hulen from 1943 to 1945. In 1946, the War Department returned Camp Hulen to the National Guard, for whom it had become too small. The camp was closed in 1946 and dismantled.
The army air base became the Palacios Municipal Airport in 1965. A housing development company bought the land in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20855591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855591" title="2001 Paris Masters – Singles">
2001 Paris Masters – Singles

Marat Safin was the defending champion but lost in the third round to Andreas Vinciguerra.
Sébastien Grosjean won in the final 7–6(7–3), 6–1, 6–7(5–7), 6–4
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. All sixteen seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20855595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855595" title="Andrew Hastie">
Andrew Hastie

Andrew Blair Hastie (born 5 November 1970 in Christchurch) is a retired field hockey player from New Zealand, who was a regular member of the men's national team, nicknamed "The Black Sticks", during the 1990s. Hastie earned a total number of 68 caps during his career.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20855609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855609" title="Kent Hollow, Connecticut">
Kent Hollow, Connecticut

Kent Hollow is a valley in the Appalachian Mountains in the town of Kent in Litchfield County, Connecticut. It is situated in the upper reaches of the West Aspetuck River, one of the cleanest rivers in Southern New England and itself classified as AA water quality. The Hollow is occupied by four historic farms: Wilsea, DeVaux, Renberg, and Anderson. It is threatened by development with several large homes built by New York weekenders in the past two decades.
It is located about 2 miles west of New Preston, about 2 miles northwest of Marble Dale, and about 6 miles southeast from the town center of Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="20855616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855616" title="Zheng Yuqing">
Zheng Yuqing

Zheng Yuqing (鄭餘慶) (746 – January 2, 821), courtesy name Juye (居業), formally Duke Zhen of Yingyang (滎陽貞公), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Dezong and Emperor Dezong's grandson Emperor Xianzong.
Background.
Zheng Yuqing was born in 777, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His family was from Zheng Prefecture (鄭州, in modern Zhengzhou, Henan) and claimed ancestry from the royal house of the Spring and Autumn Period state Zheng. It also traced its ancestry to a line of officials of Han Dynasty, Jin Dynasty (265-420), Former Yan or Later Yan, Northern Wei, Northern Zhou, and Tang Dynasty. Zheng Yuqing himself was said to be studious and diligent in his youth. In the middle of the "Dali" era (766-779) era of Emperor Xuanzong's grandson Emperor Daizong, he passed the imperial examinations.
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
Toward the end of the "Jianzhong" era (780-783) of Emperor Daizong's son Emperor Dezong, Yan Zhen (嚴震) the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Shannan West Circuit (山南西道, headquartered in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi) invited Zheng Yuqing to serve as an assistant. Zheng later left governmental service to observe a period of mourning when his father died. Early in Emperor Dezong's "Zhenyuan" era (785-805), Zheng was recalled to the capital Chang'an and served successively as "Bingbu Yuanwailang" (兵部員外郎), a low-level official at the ministry of defense (兵部, "Bingbu"); and "Kubu Langzhong" (庫部郎中), a supervisorial official at the ministry of census (戶部, "Hubu"). In 792, he was made an imperial scholar (翰林學士, "Hanlin Xueshi"). In 797, he was made the deputy minister of public works (工部侍郎, "Gongbu Shilang") but was also put in charge of selecting officials at the ministry of civil service (吏部, "Libu"). While he was serving there, there was an incident where a Buddhist monk by the dharma name of "Facou" (法湊), who had been ordered back into civilian life by the county magistrate Lu Boda (盧伯達) after he was accused of misconduct by the other monks, became a monk again despite that order. When Lu reported this to Emperor Dezong, Emperor Dezong ordered that a tribunal be convened that would include the deputy chief imperial censor Yuwen Miao (宇文邈), the deputy minister of justice Zhang Yu (張彧), the chief judge of the supreme court Zheng Yunkui (鄭雲逵), and a supervisor from the ministry of Buddhist and Taoist affairs, Zhuge Shu (諸葛述). Zheng found this tribunal to be inappropriate — as Zhuge was a low-level official who lacked the standing of the three key officials and, in Zheng's opinion, should not share places on the same tribunal — and he submitted a written opposition. This caused Zheng to gain a good reputation.
In 798, Zheng was made "Zhongshu Shilang" (中書侍郎), the deputy head of the legislative bureau of government (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng") and given the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor. It was said that because Zheng was well-versed in the Five Classics, he often invoked ancient precedents while making suggestions to the emperor. In 800, however, he incurred Emperor Dezong's displeasure due to two matters — he was friendly with the director of finances Yu Pi (name not in Unicode) and therefore often advised Emperor Dezong to accept Yu's suggestions, causing Emperor Dezong to believe that they were conspiring; and at that time, due to a drought, Emperor Dezong and the chancellors were discussing issuing a special stipend to the imperial guard soldiers, but Zheng's assistant leaked the news before the discussion was finalized. As a result, Zheng was exiled to serve as the military advisor to the prefect of Chen Prefecture (郴州, in modern Chenzhou, Hunan), while Yu was exiled to be the census officer at Quan Prefecture (泉州, in modern Quanzhou, Fujian).
During Emperor Shunzong's, Emperor Xianzong's, and Emperor Muzong's reigns.
Emperor Dezong died in 805 and was succeeded by his son Emperor Shunzong. Emperor Shunzong immediately issued an edict several important officials that Emperor Dezong had exiled — Zheng Yuqing, Lu Zhi, Han Gao (韓皐), and Yang Cheng (陽城) (although Lu and Yang died before the edict could reach them). Zheng was made "Shangshu Zuo Cheng" (尚書左丞), one of the secretaries general of the executive bureau (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng"). Later in the year, after Emperor Shunzong, who was seriously ill, passed the throne to his son Emperor Xianzong, Zheng was again made chancellor with the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi".
In 806, when Yang Huilin (楊惠琳) the nephew of Han Quanyi (韓全義) the military governor of Xiasui Circuit (夏綏, headquartered in modern Yulin, Shaanxi), seized the circuit after Han was recalled to Chang'an, Emperor Xianzong was discussing with the chancellors how to react. When Zheng submitted suggestions, he invoked an ancient saying that stated that soldiers of Xiasui's capital prefecture Xia Prefecture relied on county officials, which confused the other officials, and they believed that while Zheng was scholarly in ancient matters that he did not have skills to deal with the current emergency. Further, at that time, there was a senior secretary at the legislative bureau, Hua Huan (滑渙), who was closely associating with the powerful eunuch Liu Guangqi (劉光琦) such that whatever Hua suggested, due to his seniority and powerful connections, the other chancellors Du You and Zheng Yin would usually not dare to oppose it. Zheng, however, was displeased that Hua was overstepping his authorities and rebuked him. As a result, Zheng was removed from his chancellor position in summer 806 and made an advisor to the crown prince. However, when Hua was found to be corrupt later that year and executed, Emperor Dezong, finding out that Zheng had rebuked Hua previously, was pleased with Zheng and made him "Guozi Jijiu" (國子祭酒), the principal of the imperial university, and soon made him the mayor of Henan Municipality (河南, i.e., the eastern capital Luoyang). In 808, Zheng was made the defender of Luoyang.
It was said that because both times that Zheng was removed from his chancellor position were not due to major faults of his, his opinion continued to carry great weight. Around that time, there was an incident where the officials Yuan Yifang (元義方) and Lu Tan (盧坦) both requested to have ceremonial "ji" placed at their gates, and both requests were approved, even though such honors were then reserved for officials of greater accomplishment. When Zheng visited Chang'an and expressed the opinion that such decorations were inappropriate, the officials who approved the requests, Lu Ze (陸則) and Cui Bei (崔備) were both fined, and the "ji" were removed from Yuan and Lu's gates.
In 811, when Emperor Xianzong's crown prince Li Ning died, Emperor Xianzong put Zheng in charge of drafting a mourning text for Li Ning, and it was said that Zheng wrote appropriately. Around that time, a physician named Cui Huan (崔環) was given a promotion from being a low-level military officer to be the military advisor to a prefect. Zheng vehemently opposed, believing that it was too great of a promotion for someone who did not have great contributions. His words were so stern that they offended the officials in power at the time, and he was made an advisor to the new crown prince Li Heng, also acting at the minister of worship (太常卿, "Taichang Qing"). While serving there, he restored the use of drums in the palace music. (The use of drums had been discontinued since the rebellions of Zhu Ci and Li Huaiguang during Emperor Dezong's reign, to avoid alarming the people of Chang'an.)
In 814, Zheng was made the military governor of Shannan West Circuit as well as the mayor of its capital Xingyuan Municipality (興元). In 817, he was recalled to Chang'an to again serve as Li Heng's advisor, and soon he requested to retire; Emperor Xianzong declined. Around that time, because Emperor Xianzong had issued multiple mass promotions of officials, it was said that high ranks were becoming overly granted. Emperor Xianzong had Zheng draft regulations that would reduce the excessive promotions. In 818, Zheng was made "Zuo Pushe" (左僕射), one of the heads of the executive bureau. It was said that for a long time, there had not been appropriate officials serving as the heads of the executive bureau, and that after Zheng was named to that post, the people were impressed. As Zheng was familiar with old regulations, Emperor Xianzong also put him in charge of revising the regulations on the rites. Later, Zheng was made the military governor of Fengxiang Circuit (鳳翔, headquartered in modern Baoji, Shaanxi) as well as the mayor of its capital, Fengxiang Municipality.
In 819, Zheng was again made an advisor to Li Heng, as well as acting "Sikong" (司空, one of the Three Excellencies). He was also created the Duke of Yingyang and made acting principal of the imperial university. At that time, the facilities of the imperial university had long been in disrepair, and at Zheng's request, its facilities at Chang'an and Luoyang were repaired.
In 820, Emperor Xianzong died, and Li Heng succeeded him (as Emperor Muzong). Emperor Muzong, as Zheng had long served him, particularly honored him. Zheng died around the new year 821 and was given posthumous honors. It was said that Zheng was frugal and honest throughout his official career, and that at the time of death, he lacked savings. Emperor Muzong thus gave a special stipend to his family members to honor Zheng. Zheng's grandson Zheng Congdang later served as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Xizong.

</doc>
<doc id="20855618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855618" title="Anthony Coffey">
Anthony Coffey

Anthony James Coffey (born July 10, 1967 in Boone, North Carolina, USA) is a professional artist and illustrator, currently lives and works in New York City.
He is best known for the drawings of the "Unofficial Beanie Baby Coloring Book" (series of 4, published 1996-1998). He is currently working on an art project called the ""Bank Roll"" or the ""Money Meltdown"". Anthony Coffey is an associate member of the National Watercolor Society.
Education.
Anthony Coffey received a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the Art Institute of Boston, Boston, Massachusetts in 1993, a Bachelor of Science from Appalachian State University, Boone, NC in 1990 and also completed an Art Foundation Program from the Cardiff School of Art, Cardiff, Wales, United Kingdom in 1988.
Selected Collections.
One of his collectors was Artine Artinian,a French literature scholar. He donated his art collection of artists' self portraits to the Appalachian Cultural Museum in 1990. Several paintings by Anthony Coffey are included in that collection.
The museum exhibit is called "Artine Artinian Collection of North Carolina Self-Portraits".
In 2010 he participated in "Subtle Arrangements”,a group art project curated by Basak Malone at Gelabert Gallery. Currently Anthony Coffey exhibits his paintings in SoHo, New York City at the Ward-Nasse Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="20855627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855627" title="Battle of Castellón">
Battle of Castellón

The Battle of Castellón was an ambush delivered against a French Imperial detachment under General Reille near Girona.
Having crept his force up along the right bank of the Fluvià and set up headquarters at La Armentera, a village near the river's mouth on the Mediterranean Sea, General Lazán prepared a coup de main against the French battalion installed atop Castelló d'Empúries. Since bad roads precluded a night attack, Lazán moved in the early morning, brusquely forcing the French off the ridge. While Reille's troops effected a disciplined fighting withdrawal toward Rosas, the "Chasseurs" de Juan Clarós, acting as the vanguard for General Castro's division, circled across their path of retreat and set up a position in a grove next to the main road, preparing to block the French passage. Caught in the pincers, the French were cut down. Only 80 escaped unwounded and 90 surrendered.
Sequel.
When Reille, established at Figueras, learned of the rout of his men, he set out against the Spaniards the next day with 3,000 infantry and cavalry, aiming to cut their communications with Gerona. In spite of the rapid French movements, Reille was unable to achieve a surprise, and Lazán awaited him with his men solidly entrenched at Castellón. Seeing his attacks repulsed everywhere along the line, Reille decided not to try conclusions with the Spaniards, and Lazán fell back on Gerona unmolested.

</doc>
<doc id="20855641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855641" title="Paul Verner">
Paul Verner

Paul Verner (born April 26, 1911, Chemnitz, d. December 12, 1986, Berlin) was a German communist politician. He joined the communist movement at a young age, and went into exile during Hitler's rule. Verner became a prominent political personality in the German Democratic Republic after the war.
Early life.
His father was a metal worker while his mother worked as a textile worker. Verner trained as metal worker like his father. At an early age, Verner joined the communist children's organization "Jungspartakusbund" (Young Spartacus League).
Political activism.
In 1925 he joined the Young Communist League of Germany (KJVD). In 1929 he became a member of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD). He worked as a volunteer in the communist publishing house "Kämpfer-Verlag" in Chemnitz. He became a member of the regional leadership of KJVD in Saxony. In 1932 he became editor of "Junge Garde" ('Young Guard').
In exile.
With the National Socialist takeover in Germany, Verner went into exile. Towards the end of 1933, he became a member of the Scandinavian Bureau of the Young Communist International, and edited "Jugendinternationale" (the German-language publication of the Young Communist International). In 1934 he shifted to Paris, where he became editor-in-chief of "Junge Garde" (now published in exile), a position he held until the spring of 1935. He moved to Belgium, as the KJVD reorganized.
Verner fought as a volunteer in the International Brigades in the Spanish Civil War. After the Spanish Civil War, he emigrated to Sweden. He was detained by Swedish authorities in Smedsbo, Värmland, between March 1940 and 1942. After being released from Smedsbo he began working as a metal worker in Sweden from August 1943.
Political career in the GDR.
After the end of the Second World War, he returned to Germany. He became a leading figure in the Free German Youth (FDJ).
In 1958 Verner became a candidate member of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED) politburo. He was also one of the secretaries of the party Central Committee. In March 1959 Verner became First Secretary of the Berlin district organization of SED, a powerful institution in the GDR. At the time the party district included West Berlin. Verner received criticism for the dismal performance of the party in West Berlin. Under Verner's leadership the West Berlin organizations were separated from the SED in 1961 (and would become the Socialist Unity Party of West Berlin).
Verner became a full Politburo member in 
1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20855671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855671" title="Ken Robinson (field hockey)">
Ken Robinson (field hockey)

Kenneth ("Ken") Edward Robinson (born 16 November 1971 in Darwin, Australia) is a retired field hockey player from New Zealand, who was a regular member of the men's national team, nicknamed "The Black Sticks", during the 1990s and early 2000s (decade). Robinson earned a total number of 53 caps during his career.

</doc>
<doc id="20855681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855681" title="Kaldenkirchen">
Kaldenkirchen

Kaldenkirchen is a village in North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany, situated close to the Dutch border at Venlo. It is part of the municipality of Nettetal.
History.
For the first time the place name “Caldenkirken” appeared in a document dated 1206. Until 1794 the city belonged to the Duchy of Jülich. Some inhabitants of Kaldenkirchen belonged to the 13 German families who were members of the Religious Society of Friends and Mennonites. These families left Krefeld in 1683 with a ship called "Concord" and headed for Philadelphia where they settled in the newly founded suburb called Germantown. Subsequent emigrants from Kaldenkirchen to Germantown included Paulus and Gertrude Kuster, the great-great-great-great-grandparents of U.S. Army colonel George Armstrong Custer.
In 1856 King Frederick William IV of Prussia permitted the use of “town” for this city. After the Wiener Kongress Congress of Vienna in 1814 Kaldenkirchen belonged to Prussia. In 1903 the German Emperor Wilhelm II permitted the city arms. 
The synagogue was destroyed during the Kristallnacht. 
During the last weeks of the Second World War the city was evacuated. In 1947 a fire destroyed 90% of the forest. In 1961 Kaldenkirchen had 6305 inhabitants, 23% of them Heimatvertriebene. On January 1, 1970 Kaldenkirchen became part of the newly founded city of Nettetal.
Economy.
For more than 150 years the economic life of Kaldenkirchen was characterized by the tobacco industry. At the turn of the century the roof tiles industry was active for some years due to the resources of clay in the "Grenzwald" (forest bordering Germany and the Netherlands).
As Kaldenkirchen is situated near the border it was an important reloading point with a main customs office and many freight forwarders until 1993.
Currently there are various inter-regional companies like the plant nursery Lappen, the producer of sound cards TerraTec, the food company Halal Mekkafood and the German Branch Office of Panini Comics.
Transport.
Kaldenkirchen has direct access to the autobahn A61 and has two exits. It also has a train station with double-tracked passenger and freight traffic to Venlo/NL and single-tracked traffic to Mönchengladbach. 
Main sights.
The main sights are the Catholic Parish Church "St. Clemens", the Protestant Church and the "Rokoko Pavillon" built in the second half of the 18. century.
. The manor house "Altenhof" was almost 500 years the property of Earl of Spee. The nearby "Grenzwald" is a popular Recreation area and Nature reserve.
Right at the border there is the Sequoiafarm Kaldenkirchen, a precious Arboretum that has been used as a Biological institute for many years and is full of historical interest.
Kaldenkirchen Raceway.
The village had its own Stock Car circuit which hosted major international events including the Superstox World Championship in 1975, 1978 and 1987. It also staged the first running of the Stock Saloon World Championship on 19 September 1982. The track was closed at the end of the 1987 racing season.

</doc>
<doc id="20855685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855685" title="Carl Thomas (baseball)">
Carl Thomas (baseball)

Carl Leslie Thomas (May 28, 1932 – March 7, 2013) was a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched in four games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1960 season. A right-hander, he stood tall and weighed .
In his only decision, Thomas won his last Major League game, on May 14, 1960, against the Chicago White Sox. Although he allowed five hits and five earned runs in 4⅓ innings pitched of relief, he was credited with the 10–9 victory.

</doc>
<doc id="20855686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855686" title="International Society for Computational Biology">
International Society for Computational Biology

The International Society for Computational Biology (ISCB) is a scholarly society for researchers in computational biology and bioinformatics. Founded in 1997, the society's core mission is to contribute to the scientific understanding of living systems through computation.
ISCB seeks to communicate the significance of computational biology to the larger scientific community, to governmental organizations, and to the general public; the society serves its members locally, nationally, and internationally; it provides guidance for scientific policies, publications, meetings, and distributes information through multiple platforms. ISCB organizes the Intelligent Systems for Molecular Biology, ISMB, conference every year, a growing number of smaller, more regionally or topically focused annual and bi-annual conferences, and has two official journals: "PLoS Computational Biology" and "Bioinformatics". The society awards two prizes each year, the Overton Prize and the Accomplishment by a Senior Scientist Award, and it inducts Fellows, to honor members that have distinguished themselves through outstanding contributions to the fields of computational biology and bioinformatics.
History.
Founding.
In 1996 the ISMB conference steering committee thought it would be useful to start a scientific society focused on managing all scientific, organizational, and financial aspects of the ISMB conference and to provide a forum for scientists to address the emerging role of computers in the biological sciences. The International Society for Computational Biology (ISCB), was legally incorporated in the US in 1997 with Larry Hunter, currently director of the Center for Computational Pharmacology at the University of Colorado School of Medicine and the university's computational bioscience program, elected as its inaugural president by the members of the founding board of directors: Pankaj Agarwal, Russ Altman, Douglas Brutlag, Dominic Clark, Keith Dunker, Janice Glasgow, Rick Lathrop, Peter Karp, Asai Kiyoshi, Teri Klein, Chris Overton, Christos Ouzounis, David Searls, Jude Shavlik, Randall Smith, David States, Alfonso Valencia, and Shoshana Wodak.
During the next few years the focus remained on management of the annual ISMB conference, whose 1993 attendance of approximately 200 researchers had more than tripled by 1999. That year Bioinformatics (previously published as CABIOS) by Oxford University Press became the official journal of the ISCB. Dues-paying members of the society gained two tangible benefits of membership: ISMB conference registration discounts and an online subscription to the journal.
The new millennium brought in a new president in Russ Altman, currently chair of Stanford University's department of bioengineering and director of the program in biomedical informatics, and over 1,200 delegates attended ISMB 2000 in San Diego. Altman took steps to formalize some of the legal and administrative aspects of ISCB before passing the torch in 2002 to Philip E. Bourne, currently professor in the department of pharmacology and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences at the University of California, San Diego. Bourne gave ISCB a more permanent home at UCSD, which included the university's commitment to host the society through at least 2005 and its offer of staff support. Although Bourne served as president for only one year, he left his mark on the society by increasing the interaction with regional groups and conference organizers worldwide, and through an improved web presence. During his tenure, membership grew to more than 1700 researchers, and the 2002 ISMB conference in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada welcomed over 1,600 attendees.
Expansion.
Michael Gribskov, then at UCSD's San Diego Supercomputer department and now at the department of biological sciences at Purdue University, was elected president in 2003. That year ISMB took place in Brisbane, Australia, which was the first time the meeting was held outside North America or Europe. This phase brought many uncertainties for the society when attendance dropped to one half of budgeted expectations due to travel fears and restrictions related to outbreaks of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome or SARS, the start of the war in Iraq, and the location, which broke with the pattern of North American and European venues. Although scientifically successful, the financial losses of ISMB 2003 left ISCB financially unstable for the first time in its history.
In part to reduce ISCB's dependence on ISMB proceeds to fund the society's activities and annual overhead costs, a pilot regional conference was hosted in the US to gauge interest in smaller, localized meetings. In December 2003, the Rocky Mountain Regional Bioinformatics conference, Rocky 1, was launched in Aspen, Colorado. The meeting has been held annually ever since and now attracts attendees from around the world.
In 2005, as part of the society's discussions about the role of publications and the society's official journal, accompanied by the advent of open access publishing, the ISCB announced a partnership with the Public Library of Science and launched a new open access journal, "PLoS Computational Biology". The journal is intended to emphasize computational methods applied to living systems at all scales, from molecular biology to patient populations and ecosystems, and which offer insight for experimentalists. Past president and past publications committee chair Phil Bourne served as the new publication's editor-in-chief and he remains in that role. The first issue of the new journal coincided with the opening day of ISMB 2005, held in Detroit, Michigan.
Burkhard Rost, then professor in the department of biochemistry and molecular biophysics at Columbia University and now the Alexander von Humboldt Professor and chair of bioinformatics and computational biology, computational sciences at the Technical University Munich, succeeded Michael Gribskov as president in 2007 and has been reelected twice with a current term expiration set for January 2013. Under his tenure the ISMB/ECCB 2007 conference in Vienna, Austria, chaired by Thomas Lengauer of the Max-Planck Institute for Informatics, and co-chaired by Burkhard Rost and Peter Schuster of the University of Vienna, was further expanded to include a total of eight parallel tracks, and the 2007 conference attendance of approximately 1,700 was back on track with expectations. Vienna as a destination and the Austria Center Vienna were both so well received by the conference organizers and attendees alike that it was selected to host the 2011 conference as well, which is a first for the ISMB series that had never before repeated a location.
In 2010 the first ISCB Latin America was held in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Leadership.
A president, an executive committee, and a board of directors comprise ISCB's scientific leadership, drawing on distinguished, internationally renowned researchers who are elected for their term by the general society membership. The executive director leads the ISCB staff and supports a diverse set of committees dedicated to specific issues that are important to the computational biology and bioinformatics community, including education, policy, and publications.
Aims.
ISCB has the following aims: 
Conferences.
ISCB grew out of the need for a stable organizational structure to support the planning and manage the finances of the Intelligent Systems for Molecular Biology (ISMB) conference series, which had its start in 1993. ISMB is ISCB's most prominent annual activity, toward which a significant portion of resources are dedicated each year. Since 2004, when ISMB is held in Europe, it is held jointly with the European Conference on Computational Biology (ECCB).
ISCB began expanding its conference offerings with the introduction of the annual Rocky Mountain Bioinformatics Conference series in 2003, the annual Conference on Semantics in Healthcare and Life Sciences (CSHALS) in 2008, the bi-annual ISCB Africa ASBCB Bioinformatics Conference in 2009, and the bi-annual ISCB Latin America Conference in 2010. Future plans include the development of an ISCB Asia Conference.
In addition to ISCB-organized conferences, the society supports other computational biology and bioinformatics conferences through affiliations and sponsorships. These include the annual Pacific Symposium on Biocomputing (PSB), the annual international conference on Research in Computational Molecular Biology (RECOMB), the annual Asia-Pacific Bioinformatics Network's International Conference on Computational Biology or InCoB, and the annual general meeting of the European Molecular Biology Network or EMBnet.
Affiliated organizations.
The ISCB has several affiliated organizations (mainly regional), including:
Africa
Asia
Europe and Middle East
North America
South America
ISCB Fellows, Officers, and Other Groups.
Fellows
Current Board of Directors
Past Presidents
Past Executive Committee
Past Board of Directors

</doc>
<doc id="20855700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855700" title="Lure National Park">
Lure National Park

Lurë National Park () is a park located in Lurë municipality in north-eastern part of Albania. It includes Kunora e Lurës which reaches a height of above sea level, the highest peak of Lurë Mountains. 
The most common type of tree is the Beech which is found on altitudes between to . On altitudes between Black Pine are abundant and on altitudes between separate Red Pine and White Pine are found on rocky slopes. These forests are home to the rare European Brown Bear, Eurasian Lynx, Eurasian wolf, European Pine Marten, Roe Deer and Capercaillie.
A prime attraction for visitors to Lurë National Park and its mountains is its many lakes. The mountain range contains twelve glacial lakes which were formed during the Würm glacial period. These 12 lakes are home to the Smooth Newt and the Great Crested Newt. These lakes are found between .
The four principal lakes are:
Description.
Lurë National Park (Albanian: Parku Kombëtar i Lurës) is situated on the eastern slopes of the Lurë Mountains. It was established in 1966 by a decision of the Council of Ministers of Albania. The national park covers an area of around 1280h. The town of Peshkopi is about 25 kilometres east of the National Park while villages such as Fushë-Lurë and Sina e Epërme are even closer to the National Park. The National Park is home to many rare animals such as those mentioned above. But once again the real attractions are its 12 lakes which attract many visitors year round. With a surface of 1.280 hectares it is situated in the eastern side of the mountain massive of "Kunora e Lurës". Its 12 icy lakes offer picturesque and attractive environments at an altitude of 1.350–1.720 m. Among the many lakes the one that stand out are the Big Lake 32 hectares, Lake of Pines 13 hectares, Black Lake 8 hectares and Lake of Flowers 4 hectares. However, after the fall of Communism, the area suffered from massive deforestation from illegal logging, and forest fires that have severely affected ecosystems around the many glacial lakes
In the southern part of the park there is a meadow called Field of Mares which offers a relaxing view, since its vegetation is miscellaneous with multi-color flowers and full of coniferous trees. This park offers various possibilities for developing eco-tourism, winter sports, equitation, horse riding etc.
The glacial complex of the Lurë lakes are one of the most beautiful pearls of Albanian nature. The glacial lakes of Lurë have a general surface of 100 ha. They are located in the northeastern part of the country in the district of Dibra. In winter these lakes freeze, taking the view of natural skiing lanes. The lake of Flowers is really astonishing with the big white water lilies in summer, leaving the impression of a big garden created by the hand of a mastermind.

</doc>
<doc id="20855701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855701" title="Ulmarra Ferry">
Ulmarra Ferry

The Ulmarra Ferry is a cable ferry across the Clarence River in New South Wales, Australia. The ferry operates between the town of Ulmarra and Southgate.
The ferry is operated by a private sector operator under contract to New South Wales Roads and Maritime Services. The ferry operates on demand from 0600 to 2300, 7 days a week, with three 45 minute breaks during the day. It is closed for maintenance every Sunday from 0600 to 0800 and on the first Wednesday of each month from 0930 to 1130. If the ferry is not in operation, the alternatives are a detour via the bridge at Grafton, or a detour via the Lawrence Ferry.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="20855705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855705" title="Chom Dong">
Chom Dong

Chom Dong is a botanical garden near Hua Hin, Prachuap Khiri Khan Province, Thailand.
Nestled in 40 rai of undulating land on the lower slopes of Khao Hin Lek Fai National Park is Chom Dong Villa. Its unique setting, with its spectacular backdrop of the hill to the north and northwest, provides the garden with its own microclimate quite different from Hua Hin town, two kilometres to the east and 200 kilometres south of Bangkok on Petchkasem Highway.
The Garden.
Throughout the year, the garden at Chom Dong presents the visitor with an ever-changing kaleidoscope of flowering shrubs and trees, some of which are native to the original forest that existed. These latter include ‘Sarapee’ "Mammea siamensis", ‘Ked’ "Mimusops hexandra" Roxb., Angsana ‘Pradu Baan’ "Pterocarpus macrocarpus", several species of Fig ("Ficus"), Elephant Apple 'Ma’tard' "Dillenia indica", Siamese Neem Tree ‘Sadao’ "Azadirachta indica" A., Singapore Almond ‘Hoo Kwang’ "Terminalia catappa", 'Oy Chang' "Lannea coromandelica" Merr., 'Sark' "Erythrophleum succirubrum" Gagnep., Tamarind ‘Makaam’ "Tamarindus indica", and various "Lagerstroemia". Some have been planted since the main Villa was built, including fruit trees such as the mango, coconut, and star fruit, the large Teak "Tectona grandis" behind Chom Dong Villa, Rain Tree ‘Jarm-Juri’ "Samanea saman", Song of India "Dracaena reflexa", and the yellow-flowering Copper Pod ‘Nonsri’ "Peltophorum pterocarpum" Back ex Heyne.
Over the years, more plants, shrubs and trees have been added. Many of these have been chosen to withstand the sometimes long dry spells, and include bougainvillea ‘Feung Fa’, various species of frangipani ('Lantom’), Desert Rose 'Chuan Chom' "Adenium obesum" and Lantana ‘Paka-krong’ "Viburnum lantana". Also thriving are Leadwort ‘Payapmork’ "Plumbago", yellow ‘Barnburi’ "Allamanda cathartica", Purple Bignonia ‘Muang Maneerat’ "Saritaea magnifica", various cassias, Purple Orchid Tree ‘Chong-Koh See Muang’ "Bauhinia variegata", Barometer Bush ‘Neon’ "Leucophyllum frutescens" (Berland) I. M. Johnst. with magenta flowers, different types of palm trees and Dragon Tree ‘Chan Par’ "Dracaena loureire" Gagnep.
There are currently over 300 different plant species in the garden at Chom Dong, and the online plant index continues to grow.
November to February.
During the cool, dry season from November to February, the bougainvillea are at their peak flowering time and the garden is a mass of colours ranging from white, through to pale pink, yellow, orange and magenta. The blue-grey and darker blue of the "Plumbago" is also prominent at this time, although, together with the "Adenium", they flower throughout the year.
From October to December the two reservoirs of water, which form the central spine of the property, are full to the brim and the lotus and water lilies are at their best. A walk from the main Villa down towards the dam separating the two bodies of water will bring the visitor to the topiary garden of strange animals including a giraffe, "Tyrannosaurus rex", a couple of dragons and a buffalo. The Toothbrush Tree ‘Koy’ "Streblus asper" Lour. is used extensively as topiary. Along the dam one passes under arches of flowering creepers such as the white Herald’s Trumpet ‘Hiranyika’ "Beaumontia murtonii" Craib, Rangoon Creeper ‘Leb Mue Nang’ "Quisqualis indica" L., Afgekia ‘Kanpai Mahidol’ "Afgekia mahidolae" and Purple Bignonia ‘Muang Maneerat’ "Saritaea magnifica". From the south end of the dam, one can sit in the jasmine-covered gazebo and see the herd of life-sized topiary elephants on the other side.
March to June.
March to April is the flowering peak of the "Plumeria" and the perfume of the flowers fills the air at this time. Hua Hin is specially noted for its mangoes. This is the time, too, when the monkeys come down from the hill to savour the Chom Dong mangoes and leave a trail of seeds in their wake.
As the weather gradually changes and temperatures start to soar, the brilliant red of Monkey Flower Tree 'Pradu Daeng' "Phyllocarpus septentrionalis" Donn. Smith predominates the garden. This is followed by the mauves and purples of the "Lagerstroemia", in particular the large, showy blooms of Pride of India ‘Salao’ "Lagerstroemia loudonii" Teijsm. & Binn. which cover the whole tree. There are several of these trees throughout the garden.
From April to May and into June, the cassias start to flower. First Horse Cassia ‘Kaalapruek’ "Cassia grandis" provides the visitor with a spectacular view of salmon-pink sprays, followed by the yellow of Indian Laburnum ‘Ratchapruek’ "Cassia fistula", also known in Thailand as the flower associated with HM King Bhumibol Adulyadej. Next, one is rewarded with the sight of the Pink and White Shower ‘Kalapapruek’ "Cassia bakeriana" Craib at the entrance to the Villa. The final one to bloom, in late June, is Apple Blossom Cassia ‘Chaiya-pruek’ "Cassia javanica", with its lovely pale pink flowers. Also at this time Flame of the Forest ‘Haang Nok Yoong’ "Delonix regia" with its deep orange and red flowers, and the yellow of Copper Pod ‘Nonsri’ "Peltophorum pterocarpus" can be seen. If one is lucky, one can also come upon the large scarlet blooms of the Rose of Venezuela 'Asoke Sapun' "Brownea grandiceps".
July to October.
During the rainy season, from July to October, the garden is at its greenest, and one can admire the many native trees dotted about the garden. Keepers are experimenting with several imported trees which seem to be doing well so far, and the rain would be vital to their growth. These include African Baobab "Adansonia digitata", Queensland Bottle Tree "Brachychition rupestris", Hawaiian Blue Latania Palm "Latania" sp., Edible Fig "Ficus carica" from the Mediterranean, and a row of Cannon Ball Trees "Couroupita guianensis" originating from South America. Gardeners are also experimenting with a small grove of golden bamboo and forming a hedge of the native bamboo, all of which welcome the rain.
The garden has several unusual plants of local origin. These are the purple-flowered ‘Plong Gin-Look’ "Memecylon ovatum", the red 'Kluay Musang' "Uvaria cordata" Alston, pale lilac flowers of 'Krapee Chan' "Milletia brandisiana" Kurz, white blossoms of ‘Moek Luang’ "Holarrhena pubescans" Wall ex G Don, and the creamy blooms of Alexandrian Laurel ‘Krating’ "Calophyllum inophyllum". A stroll through the garden will reveal other features, including the great boulder area with "Ficus" trees atop the giant rocks, held on tightly by their roots; the ornamental waterfall; the par-3 golf course; and the bougainvillea tunnel.
Local Fauna.
In the rainy season, bird life is most abundant. The Red-wattled Lapwing can be heard with its distinctive cry which has given rise to its Thai name ‘kratae-tae-waed’, and Hoopoe, even the occasional kingfisher or egret frequent the water’s edge. Wild fowl comes down from the hill. More common are magpies and turtle doves. Owls and nightjars can be heard in the evenings.
The lower reservoir in particular is a breeding ground for species of frogs and toads and after a rainfall their noise reaches symphonic level. They also attract snakes. Other garden residents include cicadas, species of butterflies and other insects, such as emerald jewel beetles, while the Villa is home to geckos which are found in all parts of Thailand.
Keeping a watchful eye on all this are the Villa’s Thai dogs, adopted when they were abandoned at a nearby Wat. When the mango trees are laden with fruits, around March, they are joined by a troop of macaques who make their home in a cave on Khao Hin Lek Fai.
The Villa.
The grounds consist of three adjacent properties: the main part is Chom Dong Villa, with the later addition of Nornnon Villa to the southeast and Cherngkhao Villa to the northeast. Khao Hin Lek Fai National Park forms the north and northwestern boundary.
The main Villa is a long, simple two-storey structure facing east towards the sea which can be seen on a clear day. The upper storey is surrounded by a wide veranda typical of old Hua Hin seaside residences. The other two villas, Nornnon and Cherngkao, are single-storey bungalows. There is also a children’s treehouse on a tamarind tree near Nornnon.
History of the Villa.
On November 30, 1975, the foundation stone was laid for a 'Pra Tamnak' or royal villa, named 'Chom Dong' (Woodland Vista) by HM Queen Ramphaiphanni, queen of HM King Rama VII. This became her country retreat for the last years of her life. Here she spent many relaxed and contented days in relative privacy, for several months at a time. There were visits by members of the royal family from Klai Kangwol Palace in Hua Hin. Old friends often came to stay. Whilst here, she regularly played a few holes of golf at the nearby Royal Hua Hin Golf Course.
Over the past two decades, the Villa and garden were lovingly cared for by Pochana and Vilai Snitwongse, and later, by their son and daughter-in-law.
Sports and leisure.
In recent months a 9-hole 735 yard par-3 golf course and an archery range have been added to Chom Dong. Hua Hin is famous for its golf courses; there is a full-size golf course next door, Royal Hua Hin Golf Course, a mature links style course from the 1920s. It is Thailand's oldest golf course and still one of the best. Nearby are a dozen international standard golf courses, such as Palm Hills, Black Mountain, and Majestic Creek. All are open to the public.
There are numerous leisure activities at Chom Dong, both within the Villa and in the garden. In addition, Hua Hin beach, with its long stretches of golden sand, is only a few minutes’ drive away. Within the main Villa is a billiards room and a table football table for eight players. The wooden players have been customised to wear the colours of two of Bangkok’s top universities. There is an extensive library in Chom Dong Villa and also in Baan Cherngkao. Hua Hin is 10 degrees north of the Equator and despite the worsening light pollution in recent years, it is still possible to enjoy stargazing at night. A large collection of toys have accumulated over the past three generations, including steam engines and electric trains.
Culinary interests.
Of culinary interest at Chom Dong is a brick-surfaced open space for cooking ‘gai-ob-fang’ (chicken baked in straw), a specialty of the house. Bales of rice straw are kept handy for this purpose as well as stacks of seasoned firewood for the pizza oven.
Hua Hin town has a selection of restaurants, both local and international. Hua Hin is famous for its traditional Thai desserts such as mango with glutinous rice and sweets made from palm sugar, rice flour and coconut cream. Many expats have settled there, and many more comes regularly as tourists, especially from the United Kingdom, Scandinavia and other parts of Western Europe. An Italian factory makes mozzarella cheese in town, and there are places run by expats that make German sausages and bread, English pies and Italian ice cream. There is also a vineyard called Hua Hin Hills about 40 minutes away which resembles Tuscany, and which produces a variety of wine mainly from Shiraz grapes but also from Chenin blanc, Colombard, Brunello, Trempanillo and Black Muscat.
The Villa stood in peaceful isolation during its first two decades, but lately houses and residential communities began to spring up nearby as Hua Hin expanded. The road to the Villa has been widened and extended up Khao Hin Lek Fai where a public garden and several viewpoints have been built. All these developments change the ambience of the garden somewhat but the grounds are extensive enough to maintain privacy and continue to be a sanctuary for plants and wildlife.

</doc>
<doc id="20855707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855707" title="Massouma al-Mubarak">
Massouma al-Mubarak

Massouma al-Mubarak (born 1947) is Kuwait's first female government minister, sworn in on 20 June 2005. Massouma al-Mubarak was educated in the United States and is a professor of political science.
Biography.
Massouma went to the US for higher education in 1971. She has two master's degrees and a doctorate from the University of Denver. Since 1982 she has been teaching political science at the Kuwait University. 
She has been active in the field of equal rights for women and also writes a daily column for "Al-Anba" newspaper. In 2002 she collected signatures on a petition opposing segregation by gender or abolishing coeducation in Kuwait.
In June 2005, she was appointed minister of planning and minister of state for administrative development to the cabinet led by prime minister Sabah Al Ahmed Al Sabah. On 25 August 2007, Massouma resigned as Minister of Health following after a fire in a hospital in Jahra. The fire killed two patients.
In the 2009 Kuwaiti parliamentary elections, she and three other women won seats to become the first women to enter the Kuwaiti parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="20855719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855719" title="1,2-Dichloro-4-nitrobenzene">
1,2-Dichloro-4-nitrobenzene

1,2-Dichloro-4-nitrobenzene is an organic compound with the formula 1,2-Cl2C6H3-4-NO2. This pale yellow solid is related to 1,2-dichlorobenzene by the replacement of one H atom with a nitro functional group. This compound is an intermediate in the synthesis of agrochemicals.
Production and uses.
The nitration of 1,2-dichlorobenzene mainly produces 1,2-dichloro-4-nitrobenzene, together with smaller amounts of the 3-nitro isomer. It can also be prepared by chlorination of 4-chloronitrobenzene.
One of the chlorides is reactive toward nucleophiles. Potassium fluoride gives 1-chloro-2-fluoro-4-nitrobenzene, an intermediate in the production of herbicides. With ammonia, one obtains 2-chloro-4-nitroaniline, a precursor to diazo dyes. Reduction with iron powder gives 3,4-dichloroaniline (m.p. 72 °C, CAS# 95-76-1).

</doc>
<doc id="20855724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855724" title="Starring Tracy Beaker">
Starring Tracy Beaker

Starring Tracy Beaker is a 2006 British children's book, written by Jacqueline Wilson, and illustrated by Nick Sharratt. The book was first released on 5 October 2006, and was published by Doubleday.
This is the third book of the daring Tracy, and this time she's up to more fun and games. Tracy's school/class are doing a play, "A Christmas Carol" and Tracy would dearly love a role. She gets the leading role in the school play (Ebenezer Scrooge) but messes it up by punching her enemy, Justine Littlewood in the nose. Tracy gets back the role near the end of the book because the other kids who are auditioning for Scrooge are hopeless.
Tracy lives in a Children's Home which she calls in her point of view "The Dumping Ground". She plans on becoming an actress just like her Hollywood mum, and she plans to make a start with this great opportunity. She desperately wants her mum to come and watch her acting Scrooge. Tracy does her very best. And spends her Christmas with Cam.
Characters.
Tracy
The main character, lives in "Dumping Ground". Has strong ideas but tells lies. Lives in the Dumping Ground. She plays the main role at as Scrooge. Wants to be fostered by Cam.
Cam
Tracy's foster mother. She really cares for Tracy and bothers to come down every Saturday to see her, and Tracy very much enjoys these visits.
Jenny
Head care worker.
Mike
Care worker.
Elaine the Pain
Tracy's Social worker. Not a help at anything in 'Christmas mode' and always blubs on about Cheek and Attitude and Silly Offensive Personal Remarks that could be really hurtful.
Peter
An Orphan. Lost his parents when he was younger and then went to live with his Nan. Unfortunately, she died shortly afterwards leaving Peter at the dumping ground.Is also friends with Tracy.
Justine
Tracy's Arch-enemy.
Louise
Both Tracy and Justine's friend. Unfortunately, Tracy no longer trusts her.
Mrs Darlow
Tracy's School headteacher
Miss Simpkins
Tracy's Art and Drama teacher.
There are three Tracy Beaker books in the series.
/5253283/ Starring Tracy Beaker at Waterstone's]

</doc>
<doc id="20855725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855725" title="Art Thomason">
Art Thomason

Arthur Wilson Thomason (February 12, 1889 – May 2, 1944) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for one season. He played in 20 games for the Cleveland Naps during the 1910 Cleveland Naps season. He was later the player/manager of the Rock Island Islanders of the Mississippi Valley League from 1922 to 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="20855726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855726" title="Wassmer">
Wassmer

Wassmer was a French specialized woodworking company formed by Bernard Wassmer in 1905. It later became an aircraft manufacturer specializing in gliders. It was bought out by Issoire Aviation, a subsidiary of Siren, in 1978.
Aircraft production.
The company entered into aircraft production in 1955 when it produced a batch of Jodel D.112 two-seater aircraft at its factory at Issoire. The company also produced the single-seat WA-20 and two-seat WA-30 gliders. In 1959 the company produced the WA-40 Super IV a four-seat touring aircraft. 
In 1972 in co-operation with the Siren they formed a joint company Consortium Europeén de Réalisation et de Ventes d'Avions (CERVA) to build a metal variant of the WA4/21 itself a variant of the WA-40. The components for the Cerva CE.43 Guépard were manufactured by Siren at Argenton-sur-Creuse and final assembly, equipment fit and flight testing was carried out by Wassmer at Issoire. The company also co-operated with the CE-75 sailplane. 
In a move-away from the traditional woodworking heritage of the company it soon developed the ability to produce plastic or composite construction which led to the WA-50 series of four-seat aircraft. The company's last aircraft design was the WA-80 Piranha a two-seat trainer a scaled-down version of the WA-50.
With both the WA-80 and different variants of the WA-50 in production the company had working capital problems and a receiver was appointed in 1977 and production was stopped. On 1 February 1978 Issoire Aviation, a company set up by Siren, bought the assets of Wassmer and used the former Issoire factory to build gliders and to continue to support Wassmer products.

</doc>
<doc id="20855727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855727" title="Christoph Merian Stiftung">
Christoph Merian Stiftung

The Christoph Merian Stiftung (CMS) is a non-profit-making public utility institution, with its seat in Basel (Switzerland). Up until 1972 the institution was named Chr. Merian’sche Stiftung.
Foundation.
Christoph Merian (1800-1858) was the owner of a large estate, agriculturist and rentier. He was one of the richest men in Switzerland at the time. He was honorary citizen of Münchenstein (1854) and the canton of Basel-Country (1855).
The institution was founded in Christoph Merian's Testament (dated 26.03.1857). In his testament he made an endowment/beneficence to the city of Basel. This came into legal effect as his widow Margaretha (1806-1886) died on the 3rd of May 1886.
Literature.
Gustav Adolf Wanner: Christoph Merian, Basel 1958 
Rudolf Suter: Die Christoph Merian Stiftung, Basel 1986 
External links.
Personenlexikon des Kantons Basel-Landschaft: Merian Christoph: http://www.baselland.ch/MERIAN_Christoph-htm.294430.0.html 
Christoph Merian Stiftung: http://www.merianstiftung.ch 
Merian Park Brüglingen: http://www.bogabrueglingen.ch 

</doc>
<doc id="20855746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855746" title="Hymie Gill">
Hymie Gill

Hymie Maxwell Gill (born 4 August 1973, in Dunedin) is a retired hockey player from New Zealand, who was a regular member of the men's national team, nicknamed "The Black Sticks", during the late 1990s and early 2000s. Gill earned a total number of 79 caps during his career scoring 7 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20855752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855752" title="Richard Abrahamson">
Richard Abrahamson

Richard Neal Abrahamson (born October 21, 1947) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
He was born in McMinnville, Oregon.
In 1972 he was part of the American team which finished 14th in the Olympic tournament. He played all five matches and scored 24 goals.
Four years later he finished tenth with the American team in the 1976 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches and scored 24 goals again.

</doc>
<doc id="20855776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855776" title="Fletcher Abram">
Fletcher Abram

Fletcher Abram, Jr. (born December 12, 1950) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Cary, Mississippi.
In 1972 he was part of the American team which finished 14th in the Olympic tournament. He played three matches and scored two goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20855780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855780" title="Michael Briggs (racing driver)">
Michael Briggs (racing driver)

Michael Briggs (born 24 July 1966 in Port Elizabeth) is a South African auto racing driver.
Career.
He started saloon racing in 1987 with the national Group N Saloon Car Championship, winning the title five times. In 1991 he won the South African GTI Championship. He had great success racing in the South African Touring Car Championship for Opel, where he was crowned champion in 1993 and 1995, and was runner-up in 1994. For the final eight rounds of the British Touring Car Championship he replaced injured driver James Thompson for Vauxhall Sport and finished fifteenth in the championship.
From 1997 to 2002 he competed in the SATCC, the Malaysian Supercar Championship (champion in 2000) and the Asian Touring Car Championship (ATCC). His last season in the ATCC came in 2006 for Team PETRONAS Syntium Proton in a Proton Impian, finishing in third.

</doc>
<doc id="20855781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855781" title="Olívio Aurélio Fazza">
Olívio Aurélio Fazza

Olívio Aurélio Fazza (June 25, 1925 – December 25, 2008) was a Brazilian Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.
He was born in Juiz de Fora.
At the age of 29, Fazza was ordained as a priest. On May 5, 1978 he was appointed as Bishop of Foz do Iguaçu, he was ordained on August 12. He retired on November 28, 2001 and was succeeded by Laurindo Guizzardi.
He died in Foz do Iguacu, aged 83.

</doc>
<doc id="20855791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855791" title="Francisco Marmolejo">
Francisco Marmolejo

Francisco Marmolejo (born 1961) is an international educational administrator. He is the Tertiary Education Coordinator and Lead Tertiary Education Specialist of the World Bank.
Early life and education.
Francisco Marmolejo was born in Ojuelos in Mexico. He graduated from the Autonomous University of San Luis Potosí Universidad Autónoma de San Luis Potosí (UASLP) in 1981 with a bachelor's degree in business administration with emphasis in Agri-business. He received a Masters degree in business administration from UASLP, and later conducted doctoral work in Organizational Administration at Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México.
Career in university administration and international education.
Marmolejo started his career at UASLP; from 1981 to 1983, he served as Manager of the Experimental Agriculture Station "Las Delicias", and from 1983 to 1987 he worked as Assistant Administrative Dean at the School of Agriculture. In 1989, he was appointed Head of the MBA Program at the Universidad de las Américas (UDLA) in Mexico City, where later he served as Vice President for Academic Programs (1990–92) and Vice President for Administration and Finances (1992–94). During his tenure, UDLA obtained accreditation in the U.S. granted by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS).
From 1994 to 1995, he was the first Mexican educator serving as a Fellow of the American Council on Education. He did his fellowship at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, Amherst.
At the end of his ACE Fellowship, he was appointed as founding Executive Director of CONAHEC, the Consortium for North American Higher Education Collaboration, a network of more than 160 colleges and universities from Canada, the U.S. and Mexico where he served until 2012. CONAHEC is the largest and an influential international collaborative higher education network in the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) region. CONAHEC is headquartered at the University of Arizona, where Marmolejo also served as Assistant Vice President for Western Hemispheric Programs, Affiliated Researcher at the Center for the Study of Higher Education and Affiliate Faculty at the Center for Latin American Studies.
Marmolejo is or has been member of advisory and governing boards in various institutions and organizations including the External Advisory Boards at the University of Nuevo Leon (UANL), the University of San Luis Potosí (UASLP), Universidad de Guadalajara, the Mexican Consortium of Universities (CUMEX), the Mexican Association of International Education (AMPEI)[http://www.ampei.org.mx], WES: World Education Services, and the Compostela Group of Universities. He has been member of the Commission of International Initiatives at the American Council on Education, and of the Board of Directors at .
Marmolejo has consulted for universities and governments in different parts of the world, and has been part of Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) and World Bank international peer review teams of experts conducting evaluations of higher education in Europe, Latin America, Africa, the Middle East and Asia.
He participates in international higher education conferences delivering presentations and lectures on internationalization of higher education and higher education trends. Marmolejo has authored and co-authored articles on the same topics and chapters in books.
He was actively involved in the creation of the Network of International Education Associations (NIEA) which brings together the leaders of the most important international education associations of the world. At NIEA he served as member of the Board.
Francisco Marmolejo is married to Olivia G. Cossio. They have three sons, Francisco Jr., Jose, and Juan.

</doc>
<doc id="20855794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855794" title="Dick Tomanek">
Dick Tomanek

Richard Carl Tomanek (born January 6, 1931 in Avon Lake, Ohio) is a retired American professional baseball player, a pitcher who played for five seasons in Major League Baseball. He played for the Cleveland Indians from 1953 to 1954 and 1957 to 1958 and the Kansas City Athletics from 1958 to 1959. Nicknamed "Bones," he stood tall and weighed .

</doc>
<doc id="20855799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855799" title="Roger Baker">
Roger Baker

Roger Lewis Baker (born August 10, 1946) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Hood River, Oregon.
In 1972 he was part of the American team which finished 14th in the Olympic tournament. He played all five matches and scored eleven goals.
Four years later he finished tenth with the American team in the 1976 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches and scored ten goals again.

</doc>
<doc id="20855803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855803" title="Defying Gravity (TV series)">
Defying Gravity (TV series)

Defying Gravity is a multi-nationally produced space travel television science fiction drama series which first aired on August 2, 2009 on ABC and CTV and was canceled in the autumn (September/October) of 2009. Set in the year 2052, the series follows eight astronauts (four women and four men) from four countries on a six-year space mission through the Solar System, during which they are monitored from Earth via a real-time communication system. The series was pitched to networks as ""Grey's Anatomy" in space". Thirteen episodes of the series were produced before it was cancelled, only eight of which were shown on ABC, though the full run was shown in other countries or online.
Premise.
The program follows the adventures of eight astronauts on board the international spacecraft "Antares", the next ambitious manned space mission after the Mars landing. The lives of the astronauts are being constantly recorded and broadcast back to Earth both as part of an ongoing documentary and as part of mission monitoring. In spite of a libido-suppressing device worn by each crew member, referred to as "HALO" for "Hormone Activated Libido Oppressors", romantic entanglements develop among some crew members. Further complicating their lives is a mysterious storage pod that contains something referred to as Beta, which is exerting an impact on their mission.
Development.
The project was inspired by the BBC fictional documentary miniseries "", broadcast on BBC One in 2004. The show was co-produced by the BBC, Fox Television Studios, and Omni Film Productions, in association with Canadian broadcasters CTV Television Network and SPACE, as well as German broadcaster ProSieben.
Thirteen episodes were initially ordered, and filming began on January 19, 2009, in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, North America, lasting six months. CGI effects were handled by Stargate Studios, in collaboration with set designer Stephen Geaghan.
Scheduling.
On June 30, 2009, ABC announced that it had ordered the program for a summer 2009 broadcast in the United States. The show began on October 21, 2009 on BBC Two and BBC HD in the United Kingdom, and has aired on both CTV and SPACE in Canada, and is set to air on ProSieben in Germany. All 13 episodes aired in November / December 2009 on Arena TV in Australia.
CTV moved the scheduled airing of the show from Sunday to Friday nights on August 26, 2009, and speculation began about the possibility of the show being canceled. On September 14, 2009, online sources noted ABC's apparent cancellation of the series, with most having reported the eighth episode as the "series finale", while others reported it as the "season finale". The show's publicist, Nicole Marostica, issued a statement on September 14, 2009 that ABC is not in fact canceling the show but that management is deciding on a time slot to air the remaining 5 episodes of season 1.
CTV aired episode 9, "Eve Ate the Apple" on September 18, 2009, but did not have "Defying Gravity" on its schedule for the following week. The remaining four episodes were aired on SPACE, which is only available in Canada. On October 22, 2009, TV Squad reported that the sets for "Defying Gravity" had been destroyed and that the series had been canceled. On October 29, 2009, creator James Parriott revealed to CliqueClack TV how the series would have continued, had the show gone past its first season. Parriott explained that he has the first three seasons plotted out in a show "bible", along with how it would ultimately end. Also reported was that the remaining episodes that did not air in the U.S. would not be shown on television, but would appear later on Hulu and iTunes. The series was released to DVD on January 19, 2010. All online content regarding the show was removed from the ABC website as of November 18, 2009, and is no longer available on Hulu.

</doc>
<doc id="20855807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855807" title="Dennis Berkholtz">
Dennis Berkholtz

Dennis Lee Berkholtz (born January 19, 1945) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Appleton, Wisconsin.
In 1972 he was part of the American team which finished 14th in the Olympic tournament. He played three matches and scored six goals. He was coach of the US at the 1976 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20855813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855813" title="Donnacha Fahy">
Donnacha Fahy

Donnacha Fahy (born 1979 in Clonmel, County Tipperary) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club St. Mary's GAA and was a member of the Tipperary GAA senior inter-county team in the 1990s and 2000s, winning All-Ireland and National Hurling League honours with his native-county.

</doc>
<doc id="20855815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855815" title="John Gorrie Memorial Bridge">
John Gorrie Memorial Bridge

The John Gorrie Bridge carries US 98 and US 319 over the Apalachicola Bay. It connects Apalachicola, Florida with Eastpoint, Florida. The original John Gorrie Bridge was built in 1935, replacing a ferry service between the two towns. It included a rotating section to allow passage of ships with high masts. The current bridge was built in 1988.
Dedication.
The Gorrie Bridge Opening Celebration was held on Armistice Day, November 11, 1935. Florida Governor David Sholtz cut the ribbon to officially open what was referred to as the Florida West Coast Scenic Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="20855824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855824" title="Larry Caton">
Larry Caton

Lawrence "Larry" Ray Caton (born March 2, 1948 in Normal, Illinois) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
In 1972 he was part of the American team which finished 14th in the Olympic tournament. He played one match.

</doc>
<doc id="20855838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855838" title="Ollie Tucker">
Ollie Tucker

Oliver Dinwiddie Tucker (January 27, 1902 – July 13, 1940) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for two seasons. He played for the Washington Senators for 20 games in 1927 and the Cleveland Indians for 14 games in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="20855843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855843" title="Your Choice Live Series 037">
Your Choice Live Series 037

Your Choice Live Series 037 is a live split album by indie/emo bands Texas Is the Reason and Samiam.
It was recorded at Raucherkammer, Wiesbaden, Germany on May 28, 1996. It was released three years later in 1999, two years after Texas Is the Reason disbanded. The concert was Texas is the Reason's last live show until the group's 2006 reunion.
More live material by Samiam has been released on a limited (and sold out) "live" 7-inch that was recorded in Alzey/ Germany on March 31, 1992. It was re-released as a part of a compilation 2xCD as YCR - the 7 inches - compilation.

</doc>
<doc id="20855848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855848" title="2005 Speedway World Cup Race-off">
2005 Speedway World Cup Race-off

The 2005 Speedway World Cup Race-off was the third race of the 2005 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on August 4, 2005 in the Olympic Stadium in Wrocław, Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20855856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855856" title="Hurricane Barbarossa">
Hurricane Barbarossa

On September 14, 2008, Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND) inaugurated Operation Hurricane Barbarossa with an ongoing string of militant attacks to bring down the oil industry in Rivers State.
On September 27, a week after declaring an oil war and sustaining heavy losses at the hands of the Nigerian armed forces, the group declared a ceasefire starting the next until "further notice."

</doc>
<doc id="20855859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855859" title="Acaxochitlán">
Acaxochitlán

To reach this village from the city of Mexico, go to Green Indians, then take the road to Tuxpan about an hour and a half. Find the exit to the dam ate Tejocotal, exit it and then take the road to Tuxpan. In a few miles township of Acaxochitlan will be found.
It is bordered on the north and east with the State of Puebla, specifically north 11.5 miles to the Municipality of Honey, northeast 19 km with the municipalities of Pahuatlán and Naupan, 12 km east of the Municipality of Huauchinango and 11 km southeast of the Municipality of Ahuazotepec.
Acaxochitlan and Latin America.
Unlike other Latin American countries, where native peoples belong mostly to a single language group whose language has been elevated to the status of co-official Spanish company, in Mexico there are about 62 indigenous peoples who speak between sixty two and more than a hundred different languages (depending on the source consulted).
Unlike the United States where there are many linguistic groups, most of these groups are foreigners. Only a few are native.
In the early twentieth century indigenous Mexicans were more than half of the population, their participation in the Mexican Revolution asking land and better conditions of life, he was only partially satisfied, currently counting 1995 as the natives are only 11% of the total population.
In Acaxochitlan live Otomi Tepehuas, Nahuas and mestizos, so it is a sample of what is Mexico, .. Mexico today. Even though barely reaches 34 thousand inhabitants only a third retains the native tongue, the other speaks only Spanish.
Acaxochitlan Story.
This village is typical of our Mexico, is very old as human settlement, occupied by various cultural groups in Mesoamerica, was a stopping place for the ancestors who came and went between the Gulf of Mexico and the center of the republic.
Although it is possible that from time further back and has been inhabited.
It is not known when it became settlement because there is still no full investigation of the people, it is known that there is evidence from the time of the Toltecs, that there were people here in Acaxochitlan.
"Acaxochi" as the locals say, is known to have been part of the state of Tula, in the mid-800 AD And continued so until about 1200 d. C. for 1300 A.D. was submitted by the Otomi kingdom Jaltocan kingdom. At this time only speak Otomi and Totonac, but by 1400 AD chichimecas arrived, and introduced the use of the Nahuatl language.
Decades after serious Acaxochitlan subject to the kingdom of Tenochtitlan, but only for a short time because the kingdom of Texcoco then take control of the place, and it is in those moments that come the Spanish, which would ally to defeat Tenochtitlan.
It should be noted something important, that despite contact with Spain, there are many traditions which were not altered and that there are to this day, such as embroidered handicrafts, dances and customs that were also modified to give a mixture of cultures, such as how to build our homes, and food (food).
Now talk first of its archeology, and architectural constructions after their weavings and last of their dances and cuisines.
In addition there were many social changes, it implemented a new system of the charge, and put emphasis on evangelism, which had an impact on society as I outline in Spanish as the dominant language, and began the decline of native languages.
Archeology.
In 1544 it begins to build the first chapel visit, which belonged to the ecclesiastical head of Snapper and this in turn to the diocese of Tlaxcala, unfortunately there are a lot of colonial history is not known, for example, we do not know as was the standard of living of the population, whether improved or worsened or remained the same with the arrival of Spanish.
  In 1568 the parish was founded, using as a patron to St. Mary of the Assumption. And in the following years would more works of a religious nature. As are the chapels of San Mateo visit, (Guachevatlan) Zacacuautla, San Miguel (Quaquacala), Santa Ana (Zacuala), San Francisco (Chapantla), San Juan (Eloxochitlán), San Pedro (Amaxac) and Tepepa.
For 1575 Acaxochitlan becomes part of the jurisdiction of Tulancingo. Ie is subject to the authority of Tulancingo. And in 1606 for the first time the charge is granted to a descendant of King Montezuma, Mr. Juan Andrada Moctezuma, 33 years later its territory legally granted to "Acaxochi, what is called" legal fund ".
  There are copies of a drawing canvas that explains this event, the funny thing is that it is a mixture of ancient Mesoamerican codices with many European elements.
During the eighteenth and nineteenth construirirían would highlight some houses in the town, one is "Los Portales" and another "The Zacanteco" in this house was born the illustrious citizen Luis Ponce. He was born in the nineteenth century, in 1839. He was greatly influenced by his mother, the year his mother died, the health of Luis Ponce suffered serious until he died the same year, and his tomb is the inscription "Luis Ponce could not live without her mother." This character was a patriotic liberal, government support Juarez against the French, wrote poems, founded a hospital in Tulancingo, and two newspapers.
Returning to buildings, houses one of the best preserved of the town is "La Casa Grande" which to date remains as originally built.
Another is "The Proof" and end of the nineteenth build the house of "The Melo" and "The Family Sosa" Porfirian both eclectic style. I started building the twentieth century "La Casa Esmeralda".
By 1909 they built the chapel of Our Lady of Guadalupe, on the pre-Hispanic pyramid base, this chapel has a Gothic style, it looks very well finished on the facade. The kiosk and the source were made in 1910 year beginning of the Mexican Revolution. It would be years until in 1928 he did buy the equipment for the clock and would be in place until 1932.
A few years after the presidency of Acaxochitlan ask the General Lazaro Cardenas to the Mexico - Tuxpan passed by the municipality. And he built the first gas station in 1940. But even today, visitors can go to Acaxochitlan and enjoy many modern conveniences of a few decades ago did not exist, the electric light was introduced through the efforts of Mr. Alfredo Martinez Castelán in 1946 with money who buy land for build a power line booth and start laying a grid.
Subsequently constructed a health center, a telesecondary and auditorium. The current city kiosk was made in 1982. And it would make subsequent remodeling the central plaza.
Historical Clothing.
There are cultural traits that have endured time dare, one of which is the tissue that is done in the region are Nahuatl clothes even has pre-Hispanic techniques, such as loom and different types of embroidery. Some clothes that develop are: backpacks, quexquemitl, girdles, blankets and woolen shawls, embroidered blouses, skirts, belts and separators.
Most village women wear girdles from small to hold the diaper, and when they grow their skirt or petticoat, is a tradition. Fabrics are of the municipality, are beautiful yet hard to make, it takes years of training, and are linked to the pre-Hispanic past, all symbols are embroidered on them, if you look carefully you will look like a figure appears basic ... the diamond, and the union of several diamonds form the figure of the cross symbolizing the four directions, north, south, east and west.
A few years ago I find the figure of the goddess of corn, and this figure also appears with Hispanic huipil which is embroidered with diamonds. Even in the recently found "Mr. Yellow" are typical tape men are tied at the waist, and so has the knot again symbolizes the four directions.
Beyond embroidery, this activity is an essential part of women's role in society, accepted by all, as an activity made by women and for the connoisseur of culture, women's clothing is a beautiful expression of our Mexico. Sure the dress has variations by region of the country, there are even different types of clothing in Acaxochitlan, according to the district to which they belong, but all share the common pre-Hispanic past
References.
References:
1. Acaxochitlan Municipal Archive, Hidalgo. Municipal Presidency.
2. Icazbalceta Joaquin "Collection of documents for the history of Mexico" "Letter from Mr. Francisco Ceynos, judge Mexico's hearing, the emperor." June 22 1532texto Cervantes Virtual web. 
3.On the language to be used in the writings of trade, Mexican Congress, May 31, 1822
April.
4. Research, data selection and ordering of drafting, made by the historian Juan Carlos Martinez Hernandez, supported and UAEH and INAH as part of social service done in 2012.
5. National Indigenous Institute (INI: 1998): "Indigenous languages of Mexico", on the website of the National Commission for the Development of Indigenous Peoples (CDI), accessed March 9, 2007.
6. Cifuentes, Barbara (1998): History of indigenous peoples of Mexico: Multilingualism through history, INI
7. http://www.uv.mx/popularte/esp/scriptphp.php?sid=660 dances.
8. http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbacoa_ (M% C3% A9xico) cuisine.
9. The canvases of Acaxochitlan and its importance in the history of the peopling of the northern highlands of Puebla and neighboring areas of Guy Stresser Pean, 1998. ISBN
10. Luis Ponce, in Lorenia Lira Tulancingo History Workshop, archivomunicipal@tulancingo.gob.mx
11. Facts tissues, dances and cuisine provided by Master Olga Castaneda.
12. Review text and text complementation Alvaro Avila Cruz.
13. Archeology information given by the architect Carlos Hernandez.

</doc>
<doc id="20855865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855865" title="Agua Blanca de Iturbide">
Agua Blanca de Iturbide

Agua Blanca de Iturbide is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 97.6 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 8443. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855869" title="Ajacuba">
Ajacuba

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 16,111.

</doc>
<doc id="20855873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855873" title="Alfajayucan">
Alfajayucan

Alfajayucan (Otomi: Nxamti) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Alfajayucan. The municipality covers an area of 467.7 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 16,859.
Xamaje is a section of Afajayucan, Hidalgo, Mexico

</doc>
<doc id="20855876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855876" title="Almoloya, Hidalgo">
Almoloya, Hidalgo

Almoloya is one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Almoloya. The municipality covers an area of 282.7 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 10,638. 
During the colonial period Almoloya was part of the corregimento of Apa y Tepeapulco. The church of Concepcion Almoloya was established by 1697.

</doc>
<doc id="20855882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855882" title="El Arenal, Hidalgo">
El Arenal, Hidalgo

El Arenal is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 125.9 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 15,037. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855885" title="Atitalaquía">
Atitalaquía

Atitalaquía is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of .
As of 2010 census, the municipality had a total population of 26,749. Atitalaquia is now part of Tula de Allende built-up area and while urbanization is still growing, about to be included in Mexico City Metro Area.

</doc>
<doc id="20855887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855887" title="Atlapexco">
Atlapexco

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 18,769. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855890" title="Atotonilco de Tula">
Atotonilco de Tula

Atotonilco de Tula is a city and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 31 km².
As of 2010 census, the municipality had a total population of 31,078. Its now part of Tula de Allende built-up (or metro) area.

</doc>
<doc id="20855893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855893" title="Atotonilco El Grande">
Atotonilco El Grande

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 23,823. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855897" title="Kunora e Lurës">
Kunora e Lurës

Kunora e Lurës is a mountain in Albania. Kunora e Lurës reaches a height of above sea level and is the highest peak in the Lure Mountains in Lure National Park. Kunora e Lurës has a rocky face and is included in the Lura National Park, which was established in 1966. On average Kunora e Lurës has 1-1.5 m of snow on it, rarely going up to .

</doc>
<doc id="20855903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855903" title="Joe Calzaghe vs. Mikkel Kessler">
Joe Calzaghe vs. Mikkel Kessler

Joe Calzaghe versus Mikkel Kessler was a super middleweight boxing contest between the number one and two super middleweights in the World. At the time both fighters were unbeaten. On the line was the WBO, WBC and WBA World belts as well as the The Ring Magazine championship. Calzaghe won by unanimous decision.
Build-up.
Joe Calzaghe entered the contest having held the WBO version of the World super middleweight title for nine years, originally beating Chris Eubank for the vacant belt in 1997. He had defended the belt a total of twenty times and had also briefly held the IBF version of the title following a victory over American Jeff Lacy. In total Calzaghe was undefeated in 43 fights and was considered one of the best pound for pound fighters in the World.
Mikkel Kessler was the holder of both the WBC and WBA belts. Originally winning the WBA belt in November 2004 with a victory over Manny Siaca. He defended twice before taking on WBC champion Marcus Beyer in a unification bout in October 2006. He defended both titles in his next fight against Librado Andrade in March 2007. Kessler was considered to be second only to Calzaghe in the super middleweight division.
Talks had been held between the two camps for the fight since October 2006 after Kessler successfully defended against Andrade and Calzaghe had defeated Sakio Bika. Kessler had complained that the Welshman spoke more about facing the likes of Bernard Hopkins and Roy Jones than face his nearest rival in the division. Eventually in July 2007 a fight was agreed for November with Calzaghe's promoter Frank Warren and Mogens Palle representing Kessler coming up with a suitable deal. Speaking of the fight Calzaghe claimed that this was the fight that would mean the most to his career so far even more than the victories over Lacy and Eubank.
The fight.
The fight was held at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff in front of 50,000 fans and broadcast on the television networks HBO and Setanta Sports. The first three rounds were closely fought before Kessler had the better of the 4th with two separate right uppercuts winning him the round. The following rounds saw Calzaghe's work rate begin to take control although Kessler seemed to have the advantage in terms of power with a number of shots seeming to rock Calzaghe further. According to Compubox at the end of the fight Calzaghe had thrown 1010 punches against 585 for Kessler although Kessler had the edge on accuracy and the amount of power punches which landed. Speaking of the fight and the amount of punches thrown Kessler said afterwards ""his punches weren't particularly hard but it was confusing when he hit you 20 times."" In the interview immediately after the fight, Kessler did admit that Calzaghe had hurt him with one particular body shot.
The fight ended with a unanimous points decision for Calzaghe with the judges awarding the contest 117-111, 116-112 and 116-112 (Curiously, the British and Danish press commentators had the fight somewhat closer at 115-113 while the U.S. commentator Harold Lederman at HBO had the fight a wide 117-111 for Calzaghe).
The decision meant that Calzaghe had been able to unify three belts in the division and fully establish himself as the top super middleweight in the World.
Aftermath.
The fight with Kessler had been the 21st defense of Calzaghe's WBO title. The achievement meant that the boxer was now in the record books as having made the 4th highest amount of world title defenses. Only the likes of Joe Louis (25 defenses), Dariusz Michalczewski (23 defenses) and Ricardo López (23 defenses) had achieved more. Calzaghe was awarded the BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award for his achievements in boxing throughout 2007.
Kessler regrouped by winning back the now vacant WBA title against Dimitri Sartison and defending once against Danilo Haussler.

</doc>
<doc id="20855909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855909" title="Eddie Turchin">
Eddie Turchin

Edward Lawrence Turchin (February 10, 1917 – February 8, 1982) was a Major League Baseball infielder who played for one season. He played 11 games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1943 Cleveland Indians season, spending time as a third baseman and shortstop.

</doc>
<doc id="20855911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855911" title="Calnali">
Calnali

The "cabecera" or municipal seat is primarily "mestizo", while the outlying communities (including Papatlatla, Tula, Atempa, and Ahuacatlan) are heavily populated by Nahuatl-speaking indigenous people. The town's tianguis is held every Sunday morning in the central plaza and surrounding streets. Despite its small size, Calnali is important as a regional cultural center, hosting an annual music festival featuring local "Bandas de Viento" and "huapango" performers, as well as an annual festival of indigenous culture. Large celebrations are also held for the Day of the Dead, Carnival and the 25th of April which is the festival of Calnali's patron saint; San Marcos.
In the 2008 municipal elections, Calnali became the first and only municipality in Hidalgo to be governed by the progressive Convergencia party. In 2009, over the objections of the municipal administration, the diocese of Huejutla de Reyes temporarily suspended all Catholic Church functions in Calnali, including baptisms and funerals, in response to indigenous carnival activities on Ash Wednesday. The municipal government reverted to the Partido Revolucionario Institucional in 2011. 
Calnali supports six hotels, including three rustic eco-tourism lodges. The Centro de Investigaciones Cientifícas de las Huastecas 'Aguazarca'(CICHAZ) is located on the western outskirts of the municipal seat.
Central Calnali is located at 980 m elevation, and the entire municipality occupies the eastern slope of the Sierra Madre Oriental. The terrain is largely mountainous Veracruz moist forests fragmented by pasture and cropland. The Río Calnali and the Río Tula/Atempa, tributaries of the Río Conzintla and ultimately the Río Pánuco, traverse the municipality from east to west. Each of these rivers is a hybrid zone between two species of the swordtail fish Xiphophorus. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855913" title="Cardonal">
Cardonal

Cardonal (Otomi: ʼMohai) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 462.6 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 15,876. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855914" title="Chapantongo">
Chapantongo

Chapantongo is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 298.1 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 11,389. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855915" title="Chapulhuacán">
Chapulhuacán

Chapulhuacán (Otomi: Mät’äxi) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 239 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 20,577.

</doc>
<doc id="20855919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855919" title="Chilcuautla">
Chilcuautla

Chilcuautla (Otomi: ʼMiza) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 231.3 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 15,284. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855921" title="Vincent DiCalogero">
Vincent DiCalogero

Vincent John DiCalogero (born July 25, 1950) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
He was born in New York City.
In 1972 he was part of the American team which finished 14th in the Olympic tournament. He played two matches and scored one goal.
Four years later he finished tenth with the American team in the 1976 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches and scored three goals again.

</doc>
<doc id="20855923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855923" title="Cuautepec de Hinojosa">
Cuautepec de Hinojosa

Cuautepec de Hinojosa is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Cuautepec de Hinojosa. The municipality covers an area of 372.6 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 45,527. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855926" title="Eloxochitlán, Hidalgo">
Eloxochitlán, Hidalgo

Eloxochitlán is a village and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 200.4 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 2,417.

</doc>
<doc id="20855928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855928" title="Emiliano Zapata, Hidalgo">
Emiliano Zapata, Hidalgo

Emiliano Zapata is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 36 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 12,309. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855931" title="Epazoyucan">
Epazoyucan

Epazoyucan is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 174.7 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 11,522. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855932" title="Francisco I. Madero Municipality, Hidalgo">
Francisco I. Madero Municipality, Hidalgo

Francisco I. Madero is one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Tepatepec. The municipality covers an area of 95.1 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 29,466. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855936" title="Angiolipoleiomyoma">
Angiolipoleiomyoma

Angiolipoleiomyoma is an acquired, solitary, asymptomatic acral nodule, characterized histologically by well-circumscribed subcutaneous tumors composed of smooth muscle cells, blood vessels, connective tissue, and fat.

</doc>
<doc id="20855937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855937" title="Huautla, Hidalgo">
Huautla, Hidalgo

Huautla is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 287.8 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 22,521. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855938" title="Huazalingo">
Huazalingo

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 11,863. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855943" title="Huehuetla">
Huehuetla

Huehuetla is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 262.1 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 22,927. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855945" title="Huejutla de Reyes">
Huejutla de Reyes

Huejutla de Reyes is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico.
The municipality covers an area of 377.8 km². As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 115,786. but only 36,305 live in the metropolitan area, whereas the remaining population live in various small communities.
It is considered as "the Heart of La Huasteca".

</doc>
<doc id="20855946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855946" title="MidnightPumpkin">
MidnightPumpkin


</doc>
<doc id="20855950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855950" title="Tawfik Jaber">
Tawfik Jaber

Tawfik Jaber (Arabic: توفيق جابر; died 27 December 2008) was the chief of police in Gaza, and was one of the most prominent figures among those killed on the first day of the 2008–2009 Israel–Gaza conflict.
Jaber was originally affiliated with the secular Palestinian political party, Fatah, switching his loyalty to the Hamas government in the Gaza Strip in 2007.
Bill Dienst, an American doctor who met Jaber at a Gaza border crossing in the summer of 2008, when Dienst and other activists were denied passage into the strip, said that Jaber told him that he had not seen his wife for years: "He couldn't get out and she couldn't get in. It's a common story there."
Jaber was among 40 people killed at a police headquarters in Gaza City where Hamas was hosting a graduation ceremony for new recruits. Of his death, Dienst said: "These are traffic cops who provide law and order. ... Those people were not shooting rockets. They were trying to build a civil society."

</doc>
<doc id="20855951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855951" title="Huichapan">
Huichapan

Huichapan (Otomi: Nxamädo) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 668.1 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 39,734. 
Notable residents include Pedro María de Anaya who was born in Huichapan in 1795.

</doc>
<doc id="20855959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855959" title="Jacala">
Jacala

Jacala, officially Jacala de Ledezma is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Jacala de Ledezma (municipality). The municipality covers an area of 346.9 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 12,057. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855960" title="Jaltocan">
Jaltocan

Jaltocan is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 48.8 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 10,265. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855962" title="Juárez, Hidalgo">
Juárez, Hidalgo

Juárez Hidalgo is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 161.9 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 1820 .

</doc>
<doc id="20855963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855963" title="Lolotla">
Lolotla

Lolotla is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 215.9 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 9541. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855966" title="Metepec, Hidalgo">
Metepec, Hidalgo

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 9278. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855968" title="Metztitlán">
Metztitlán

Metztitlán (Otomi: Nziʼbatha) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 814.7 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 20,123.

</doc>
<doc id="20855969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855969" title="Mineral de la Reforma">
Mineral de la Reforma

Mineral de la Reforma is one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. Adjacent to Pachuca in the same built up area, it's one of the fastest growing city of Hidalgo State. As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 68,704. 
Its population is estimated at 89,509 inhabitants in 2009 ("Coplaco") The municipal seat lies at Pachuquilla. The municipality covers an area of 106 km².

</doc>
<doc id="20855979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855979" title="Congenital smooth muscle hamartoma">
Congenital smooth muscle hamartoma

Congenital smooth muscle hamartoma is typically a skin colored or lightly pigmented patch or plaque with hypertrichosis.

</doc>
<doc id="20855980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855980" title="Dave Tyriver">
Dave Tyriver

David Burton Tyriver (October 31, 1937 – October 28, 1988) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in four games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1962 season.
Tyriver died of a heart attack at age 50.

</doc>
<doc id="20855981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855981" title="Interfoto Picture Library Ltd v Stiletto Visual Programmes Ltd">
Interfoto Picture Library Ltd v Stiletto Visual Programmes Ltd

Interfoto Picture Library Ltd v Stiletto Visual Programmes Ltd [http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWCA/Civ/1987/6.html EWCA Civ 6 is an English contract law case on onerous clauses and the rule of common law that reasonable notice of them must be given to a contracting party in order that they be effective. It also addressed, but did not decide, the position of onerous clauses as disguised penalties (which are ineffective at common law).
Facts.
Interfoto delivered 47 photographic transparencies to Stiletto in a jiffy bag. Stiletto was planning to use them for a presentation, but in the event it did not. It never opened the transparency bag or read Interfoto's standard terms and conditions, which were inside the bag. Condition 2 said there was a holding fee of £5 per transparency for each day over fourteen days. After around a month, Interfoto sent a bill for £3,783.50.
Judgment.
The Court of Appeal held that the holding fee was ineffective. Dillon LJ said that a ‘particularly onerous or unusual’ term must have special notice. However, Interfoto was entitled to a small restitutory charge of £3.50 per transparency per week for their holding.
Bingham LJ held that the clause was not valid. It was ‘a venial period of delay an inordinate liability.’ The issue was, he said,
He advocated embracing good faith - ‘showing up your cards’, ‘fair dealing’, and so on. On penalty clauses, Bingham LJ noted at the end of his decision,

</doc>
<doc id="20855990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855990" title="Elmer Edes">
Elmer Edes

Elmer Edes (born September 4, 1937) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Budapest, Hungary.
In 1972 he was part of the American team which finished 14th in the Olympic tournament. He played all five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20855991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855991" title="Napolitains">
Napolitains

Napolitains are small tablets of chocolate intended to be served with a cup of coffee.
They are about by in size, weigh about 5 grams and are individually wrapped. Napolitains may be of any type of chocolate.

</doc>
<doc id="20855993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855993" title="Mineral del Chico">
Mineral del Chico

Mineral del Chico is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 118.2 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 6,714. 

</doc>
<doc id="20855999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20855999" title="The Cock and the Jewel">
The Cock and the Jewel

The Cock and the Jewel is a fable attributed to Aesop. It is one of a number that feature only a single animal. As a trope in literature, the fable is reminiscent of stories used in zen such as the kōan. It presents, in effect, a riddle on relative values and is capable of many interpretations, depending on the point of view from which it is regarded.
The Fable.
In its most cogent, unelaborated form, the fable is very short. A cockerel seeking food finds instead a precious gemstone, recognises the worth it has for others, but rejects it as being of no practical use to himself. The rejection is generally shown in the form of a direct address by the cockerel to the gemstone, as in this modern English translation: 
Literary tradition.
The Cock and the Jewel was given prominence in medieval Europe by virtue of the fact that it opens what was then a standard text for the teaching of grammar, the so-called "elegaic Romulus", a Latin fable collection by Phaedrus. This was generally committed to memory in early school years. Literary translations of the fable, using the Latin "Romulus" as their source, include those by Marie de France, John Lydgate and Robert Henryson, and translators tended to retain its first-place position. 
The fable in the "Romulus" is typically short and given in eight lines of elegaic metre with a further two providing a moral judgement. It portrays the cock as startled to discover such a beautiful object in the dirt ("in sorde manens") and recognising that he is not the right creature to have found it. The writer's emphatic moral conclusion provided the standard medieval interpretation of the fable. It runs (in Latin): 
Translation: "Cockerel, you represent a fool "(stolidum);" jewel, you stand for the fine gift of wisdom "(sophye);" for the fool, this corn "(seges)" has no taste."
The explicit judgement of the cock's action as foolish, on the grounds that the jewel represents wisdom rather than mere allure or material wealth, may represent the standard medieval "answer" to Aesop's "riddle", but variants in the tradition did exist. The story stands at the head of Marie de France's 12th century fable collection, the "Ysopet". There she adds from Phaedrus a detail common in later retellings, that the cock is scratching on a dunghill, so emphasizing the contrast between the find and its location. The cock makes the observation that a rich man would have known how to make proper use of the gem it has uncovered, whereas 'since I can't embellish you as I would like, I'll not adorn you at all.' At odds with this reasonable conclusion, Marie comments that the cock is like those who, 'if everything does not go as they wish, they do not value good and honor at all but instead take the worst and scorn the best.' 
John Lydgate's version, written c.1410, is longer and more nuanced. He begins the Prologue to his "Isopes Fabules" with the statement that 'Wisdom is more in price than gold in coffers' but turns that to mean that beneath the 'boysterous and rurall' fable hide valuable lessons for life, so anticipating the Cock's eventual find. In his description of the Cock, Lydgate presents it as a noble beast and a notable example of diligence. On discovering a jacinth in the dunghill, the Cock rejects keeping it as being contrary to his natural station in life. All the wisdom it might symbolise, from his practical point of view, is no better than speculation on 'how the man came first into the moon'. Lydgate then comments that the Cock has made the wisest choice in rejecting worldliness and preferring virtue.
Samuel Croxall's prose retelling, originally published in 1722 and many times reprinted, also draws Lydgate's conclusion. Noting the fable's ambiguity, he comments that 'the most probable intention of the author was to hold forth an example of industry and good sense. The lesson inculcated is the wisdom of estimating things by their intrinsic worth, and of refusing to be led away by doubtful fascinations from the known path of duty.' But the Cock's abstention from the trappings of the governing class is also capable of the political reading given it by John Ogilby in his "Fables of Aesop paraphras'd in verse" (1665). The lesson of maintaining the balance of social relations is emphasised further by Wenceslaus Hollar's accompanying print in which the cock astride its dunghill is wittily contrasted with the Germanic castle on the neighbouring hilltop. 
The other literary expansion to survive from the 15th century is Robert Henryson's "The Morall Fabillis of Esope the Phrygian", written c.1480, with which this fable, under the title of "The Taill of the Cok and the Jasp", begins. His own moral conclusion follows the standard "verse Romulus" closure, making the rejected jasper an unambiguous figure for wisdom and condemning the consequent materialism of the cockerel. This is in line with the Biblical simile of the uselessness of casting pearls before swine (Matthew 7.6), to which Henryson alludes in the poem. For him the state of nature is limited by brute appetite; it requires wisdom to discern the way of learning and virtue. Caxton appears to agree in his contemporary publication of the fables (1484). The cock, he says, represents ""the fool whiche careth not for sapyence ne for wysedome"", but then draws the sting from his criticism in continuing ""and by the stone is to vnderstond this fayre and playsaunt book"".
La Fontaine's Fables give it a materialist twist by likening the cock to those who are incapable of judging the 'intrinsic worth' of anything (I.20). After a very brief telling of the cock's rejection of the pearl as being inedible, La Fontaine describes a parallel situation in which a man inherits a valuable manuscript but prefers to have cash in hand for it. According to his reading of the fable, what the man and the cock lack is aesthetic judgement rather than wisdom. Some later interpretations are equally materialistic. Thomas Bewick applies the fable to the choice of sexual partner in his "Select Fables of Aesop" (1784), while the Canadian author Robertson Davies converts it to a playlet satirising devotees of the "Readers Digest" in his "A Masque of Aesop" (1955).
Artistic interpretations.
Such a short fable suggested little latitude for invention to most book illustrators, apart from the sly juxtaposition of dunghill and castle already noted in Hollar's print. The same criticism can be made of the nearly contemporary Flemish painting of the subject by Frans Snyders. In the second half of the 19th century, the French animal painter Philibert Léon Couturier, whose specialty was poultry, managed to provide two amusing variations on the theme. In "Le coq et la perle", now in the Musée Denon, Chalon-sur-Saône, the bird struts by with a pearl pendant hanging from its beak, the image of self-regard. In contrast, "Coq et perle" pictures the bird approaching a fallen necklace with great caution. A more symbolical interpretation by Gustav Mossa depicts a fashionable courtier in motley dress that includes a cock's comb. So engrossed is he in his own appearance that he ignores a female beauty dressed in white who stands in the background looking at him.
La Fontaine's version of the fable allowed illustrations of the simpleton selling a valuable edition to whom he compared the cock. Settings of his words have been comparatively rare. In 1873 it was set for men's voices by Emile Pessard, and later for a capella male voices by Noel-Gallon (1891-1927). It is also the second in Marie-Madeleine Duruflé's "6 Fables de La Fontaine" for a Capella choir (1960). In Germany, it was Martin Luther's translation ("Fabel vom Hahn under der Perle") that was set by Hans Poser as the first of six in "Die Fabeln des Äsop" for accompanied men's choir (0p.28, 1956).
External links.
15th-20th century illustrations from books

</doc>
<doc id="20856001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856001" title="Mixquiahuala">
Mixquiahuala

Mixquiahuala (officially Mixquiahuala de Juárez; Otomi: Ntʼähi) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Mixquiahuala de Juárez (municipality). The municipality covers an area of 138.1 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 37,747. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856003" title="Molango">
Molango

Molango (officially Molango de Escamilla ) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 246.7 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 10,385. 
References.
http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Molango#Referencias

</doc>
<doc id="20856005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856005" title="Ministry of Information, Youth, Culture and Sports">
Ministry of Information, Youth, Culture and Sports

The Ministry of Information, Culture and Sports is a government ministry of Tanzania. The ministry was founded in 2006 by presidential notice, merging extant sections of sports, information, and culture into one functional ministry. The vision statement of the ministry is "to have a nation that is well informed, and enriched with culture and sports."
Organization and operations.
Departments of the Ministry include the following:
Information Development
Culture Development
Sports Development
Policy & Planning
Administration

</doc>
<doc id="20856008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856008" title="Nicolás Flores, Hidalgo">
Nicolás Flores, Hidalgo

Nicolás Flores is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 393.2 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 6,202. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856009" title="Nopala">
Nopala

Nopala (officially: Nopala de Villagrán; Otomi: ʼMostʼä) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 334 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 15,099. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856012" title="Omitlán de Juárez">
Omitlán de Juárez

Omitlán de Juárez is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 110.5 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 7,529. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856014" title="Khariton Chebotaryov">
Khariton Chebotaryov

Khariton Andreyevich Chebotaryov () (1746, Vologda - July 26, 1815, Moscow) was a rector of the Moscow University (1803-1805), state counsellor, and ordinary professor of history, morality, and eloquence. 
Khariton Chebotaryov was born in Vologda into a poor family. In 1755, he entered a gymnasium under the Moscow University, becoming a university student six years later. Upon his graduation from the university in 1764, Chebotaryov was soon hired by his alma mater as a translator from Latin and German. In 1767, he was transferred to the gymnasium as a teacher of history and geography. In 1773, Khariton Chebotaryov was entrusted with teaching Russian literature, simultaneously doing translations from Latin, German, and French with his students. In 1775, he was appointed deputy librarian (суб-библиотекарь) of the university library (only a professor could hold this post) and editor-in-chief of the "Moskovskie Vedomosti" for the next three years. In 1776, Khariton Chebotaryov became an extraordinary professor at the Russian Literature Department, simultaneously remaining a philosophy and world history teacher at the gymnasium. Upon the death of Professor Johann Gottfried Reichel, Chebotaryov delivered lectures on European history and Russian literature at the gymnasium. In 1778, Khariton Chebotaryov was made an ordinary professor and appointed librarian and censor at the university theater. In 1778-1783, he was a secretary of the academic council (университетская конференция), inspector of the university gymnasium and normal school. In 1782, Khariton Chebotaryov was promoted to the rank of a collegiate assessor and then court councilor (1786). At the behest of the Empress, he and Anton Barsov were engaged in copying out notes from Russian chronicles, located at synodal and patriarchal libraries and Moscow State Archive. These notes were later presented to Catherine the Great and then served as a source for her "Notes on Russian History". In consideration of his efforts, Khariton Chebotaryov was rewarded with 500 silver rubles. After the transformation of the university charter, Chebotaryov was elected its rector (being in the rank of collegiate councilor) and awarded with the Order of Saint Anna (2nd Class). Upon his resignation from this post, Chebotaryov was appointed a permanent representative of the university board, remaining as such until his death. In 1809, Khariton Chebotaryov was promoted to the rank of state councilor. During the Patriotic War of 1812, he lost his precious library and personal archives, which would come to him as a shock and greatly undermine his health. As a result, Chebotaryov suffered a stroke and died on July 26, 1815. He was interred at the Vagankovo Cemetery in Moscow. 
Khariton Chebotaryov is known to have been a member of several learned societies, such as the Free Russian Assembly (Вольное Российское Собрание), Society of the Admirers of the Russian Language (Общество Любителей Русской Словесности; honorary member), Society of History and Russian Antiquities (Общество Истории и Древностей Российских; chairman), and Moscow Masonic Lodge.

</doc>
<doc id="20856015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856015" title="Pacula">
Pacula

Pacula is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 429 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 4,522. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856017" title="Pisaflores">
Pisaflores

Pisaflores is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Pisaflores (municipality). The municipality covers an area of 159.3 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 17,214. 
Pisaflores also has Tepehuas who are Eastern Orthodox Christians (Sandstrom 2005).

</doc>
<doc id="20856020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856020" title="Progreso, Hidalgo">
Progreso, Hidalgo

Progresso (officially: Progreso de Obregón) is a community and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 106 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 4,630. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856022" title="San Agustín Metzquititlán">
San Agustín Metzquititlán

San Agustín Metzquititlán is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 313.5 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 8,558. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856023" title="San Agustín Tlaxiaca">
San Agustín Tlaxiaca

San Agustín Tlaxiaca is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 354.6 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 27,118. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856029" title="San Bartolo Tutotepec">
San Bartolo Tutotepec

San Bartolo Tutotepec is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 305.8 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 17,837. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856030" title="Thomas Hardiman (handballer)">
Thomas Hardiman (handballer)

Thomas Joseph Hardiman (born August 2, 1947) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Trenton, New Jersey.
In 1972 he was part of the American team which finished 14th in the Olympic tournament. He played one match.

</doc>
<doc id="20856039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856039" title="Observatoire Astronomique de Mont-Soleil">
Observatoire Astronomique de Mont-Soleil

Observatoire Astronomique de Mont-Soleil is an astronomical observatory located on Mont-Soleil, above Saint-Imier in the Canton of Berne, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20856040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856040" title="Orizatlán">
Orizatlán

Orizatlán (officially: San Felipe Orizatlán) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Orizatlán. The municipality covers an area of 308 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 38,472. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856041" title="San Salvador, Hidalgo">
San Salvador, Hidalgo

San Salvador is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 200.4 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 28,637. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856046" title="Santiago de Anaya">
Santiago de Anaya

Santiago de Anaya is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 316.1 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 14,066. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856048" title="Singuilucan">
Singuilucan

Singuilucan is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 334.1 km². As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 13,143.
The name of Singuilucan has been erroneously given as "lugar de lodo o de mucho lodo" (place of silt or too much mud), which in Nahuatl would be "Zoquilocan". But the pre-Columbian glyph for this town clearly shows a hill with quelites ("quilitl" means green herbs, "tzintli" in Nahuatl) growing at its base. It also shows a blade of a knife, alluding to the obsidian blade industry of Teotihuacan, which was based in this area, as well as there is nearby "El Cerro de las Navajas" ("hill of the knives").
So the correct translation of Singuilucan is "tzinquilocan", "the place at the base of the mountain of quelites".

</doc>
<doc id="20856049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856049" title="Tasquillo">
Tasquillo

Tasquillo (Otomi: Maxei) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 167 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 15,429. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856053" title="Tecozautla">
Tecozautla

Tecozautla (Otomi: Masofo) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 575.6 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 31,609. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856054" title="Tenango de Doria">
Tenango de Doria

Tenango de Doria is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 210.7 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 15,793. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856058" title="Tepeapulco">
Tepeapulco

Tepeapulco is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico.The municipality covers an area of 239 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 49,850. 
During the Spanish colonial period it was part of the domain of the alcaldia mayor of Apa y Tepeapulco. The parish of San Francisco Tepeapulco was established in 1527.

</doc>
<doc id="20856060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856060" title="Tepehuacán de Guerrero">
Tepehuacán de Guerrero

Tepehuacán de Guerrero is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 426.6 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 27,240. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856061" title="Tepeji">
Tepeji

Tepeji (officially: Tepeji del Río de Ocampo) is a city and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 393.4 km².
Tepeji del Rio has many industrial complexes with companies such as Procter and Gamble, Kaltex, Arteche, Zaga, PPG, Pilgrims Pride etc. An investment group has constructed a golf course at nearby Lake Requena with associated residential areas. There is also a plaza which has a supermarket, a gas station, a movie theater, and other shops.
As of 2010 census, the municipality had a total population of 80,612. As it's being urbanized continuously, Tepeji del Rio is about to be included in Mexico City Metro Area.
It is currently being governed by President Fernando Miranda.

</doc>
<doc id="20856062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856062" title="Rudolph Matthews">
Rudolph Matthews

Rudolph "Matt" Matthews (born November 7, 1945) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Woodville, Mississippi.
In 1972 he was part of the American team which finished 14th in the Olympic tournament. He played all five matches and scored ten goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20856063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856063" title="Lipoblastomatosis">
Lipoblastomatosis

Benign lipoblastomatosis (also known as an "Embryonic lipoma,") is a tumor frequently confused with a liposarcoma, affecting exclusively infants and young children, with approximately 90% occurring before 3 years of age.

</doc>
<doc id="20856064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856064" title="Tepetitlán">
Tepetitlán

Tepetitlán is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 180 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 8,893. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856068" title="Tetepango">
Tetepango

Tetepango is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 56.5 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 9,697. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856071" title="Tezontepec de Aldama">
Tezontepec de Aldama

Tezontepec de Aldama is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 133.6 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 10,723. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856074" title="Tianguistengo">
Tianguistengo

Tianguistengo is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 134 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 13,478. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856075" title="Tizayuca">
Tizayuca

Tizayuca is a city and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 92.5 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 56,573. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856078" title="Tlahuelilpan">
Tlahuelilpan

Tlahuelilpan is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 31.3 km².
As of 2010 census, the municipality had a total population of 17,153. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856079" title="Tlahuiltepa">
Tlahuiltepa

Tlahuiltepa is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 467.7 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 9,264. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856081" title="Tlanalapa">
Tlanalapa

Tlanalapa is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 156.7 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 8,662. 
History.
This was the center of the Tlanalapan state prior to the Spanish incursion. It was a dependency of Otompa. By 1521 the area was taken over by the Spanish. During the colonial period it was part of Apa y Tepeapulco except for a short time around 1545 when it was the center of a separate jurisdiction.

</doc>
<doc id="20856082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856082" title="Kate Molale">
Kate Molale

Kate Molale (2 January 1928 – 9 May 1980) was a South African political activist. 
She joined the African National Congress Sophiatown branch in the early 1950s. In 1954 she was elected as secretary of the Sophiatown ANC branch. She was an activist in the popular resistance against the forced eviction of the Sophiatown residents. She mobilized people against the 1953 Bantu Education Act, organizing pioneers ("Masupatsela") to bolster the school boycotts in protest against the Bantu Education Act. Under her leadership many children were mobilized for school boycotts in Sophiatown, Orlando, Brakpan, Randfontein and Alexandra.
Molale became a member of the National Executive of the ANC Women's League. She was also the ANC Youth League Transvaal secretary.
Conducting surveys amongst the South African populace, Molale played a key role in the drafting process of the Freedom Charter.
In 1955 Molale was part of a delegation that went to the Native Commissioner in Johannesburg to deliver a protest against the extension of pass laws to include African women. As the delegation left the Native Commissioner's office, they were detained and charged. Molale was one of the key activists in mobilizing women during the 9 August 1956 Anti-pass campaign, travelling to various corners of the country on agitation tours.
Molale was one of the ANC activists targeted at the time of the launching of 90 days detention without trial. After being released from detention, she went underground and became a commander of Umkhonto we Sizwe.
Between 1970 and 1975 Molale represented the ANC Women's League/Women's Section in the Women's International Democratic Federation. After leaving the WIDF office, Molale based herself in Morogoro, Tanzania. In Tanzania she dedicated herself to the care of children of exiled South African activists. Molale suffered a traffic accident in Tanzania on 3 May 1980. Whilst co-traveller Peter Sithole died immediately, Molale passed into coma. She was pronounced dead on 9 May 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20856083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856083" title="Tlanchinol">
Tlanchinol

Tlanchinol is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of .
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 33,694. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856084" title="Tlaxcoapan">
Tlaxcoapan

Tlaxcoapan is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 79.3 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 26,758. It's now part of Tula de Allende built-up (or metro) area.

</doc>
<doc id="20856085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856085" title="Tolcayuca">
Tolcayuca

Tolcayuca is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 120.8 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 11,746. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856086" title="Apache Torque">
Apache Torque

Apache Torque is a sub project of the Apache Software Foundation Database Project. It is an object-relational mapper for Java. Torque lets you access and manipulate data in a relational database using Java objects. Unlike most other object-relational mappers, Torque does not use reflection to access user-provided classes, but it generates the necessary classes (including the Data Objects) from an XML document and DTD describing the database schema (which can either be written by hand or generated from an existing database). The same XML documents can also be used to generate and execute a SQL script which creates all the tables in the database. These generation steps are performed through the Velocity templating engine. 
As Torque hides database-specific implementation details, Torque makes an application independent of a specific database vendor, if no exotic features of the database are used. A single XML document and DTD represents the overall schema, with platform-specific tailoring provided by Velocity templates and platform-specific XML where needed. This platform-specific component may be only around a tenth of the overall source volume, a useful saving when supporting multi-platform products.
Usage of autogeneration eases the customization of the database layer, as you can override the autogenerated methods and thus easily change their behaviour. This allows for both rapid prototyping and easier long term maintenance of an application's database layer.
Torque's use of the XML document and DTD is rather unusual in the XML world, as rather than using a single fixed XML schema (or doctype) for all "Torque schema definitions" and keeping the application schema entirely within the XML document, Torque instead uses the DTD to represent the table / column mappings and the XML document is only used to describe application data. This permits Torque to use XML validation to validate the "data" component against the "schema" component of the target application. However it also means that schema generation, schema auto-documentation and schema authoring must work with the less familiar DTD syntax, rather than XML. In particular, this prevents XSLT being applied to a Torque schema in a useful manner.
History.
Torque was developed as part of the Turbine Framework. It is now decoupled and can be used by itself. Starting with version 2.2 Turbine uses the decoupled Torque.

</doc>
<doc id="20856088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856088" title="Emerald Warriors RFC">
Emerald Warriors RFC

The Emerald Warriors are an Irish rugby team based in Dublin. They play in the Leinster Metro League Division 10 and are members of the International Gay Rugby Association and Board. They are Ireland's first primarily gay rugby team although it is open to anyone with an interest in playing rugby and includes heterosexual members.
History.
Emerald Warriors RFC was formed in August 2003 by Richie Whyte to provide gay and bisexual men the opportunity to play rugby in Ireland and internationally and to create links with similar teams and organisations in the UK, Europe and America. The team began playing in 2004 and took part in the Bingham Cup, often referred to as the 'Gay World Cup' that year, representing Ireland. They competed again in 2006 and went on to host the event in 2008, in Dublin City University's sports complex with endorsement from the IRFU. The event was deemed a success for rugby in general, for bringing gay rugby in Ireland to a new level of organisation and popularity by The Gay and Lesbian Equality Network (GLEN). They entered the Leinster Metro Junior league in 2007. They also competed in the Union Cup a biennial European, non-professional, gay rugby union tournament in London 2009, Amsterdam 2011 and Bristol 2013.
Crest and colours.
The club colours are green, white and blue. The team crest is based on a traditional Celtic shield with several rugby balls forming a decorative floral pattern at the center of the crest.
Documentary film.
The team was subject of a documentary film on Irish language station TG4 called "Queering the Pitch" which followed the Emerald Warriors, representing Ireland at the The Bingham Cup in 2006. The documentary, which was directed by Tom Maguire, was also screened at GAZE: The Dublin International Lesbian & Gay Film Festival in 2007.
Mention in court ruling.
The club was mentioned in a 2009 Irish Supreme Court judgment on Portmarnock Golf Club when ruling on equality legislation regarding whether the club could prohibit women from joining. It ruled there is no prohibition on the establishment of clubs or associations whose membership is limited to persons of a particular gender and made a specific reference to the Emerald Warriors recognising that rugby is not a "need" of gay men.
Other events.
The team and its members have also taken part in events such as the Dublin Pride Parade and Mr Gay Ireland, with club member Barry Meegan who was asked by his team mates to represent the club, winning the competition in 2007 and raising money for HIV and AIDS related charities based in Dublin in the process.

</doc>
<doc id="20856091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856091" title="Tulantepec de Lugo Guerrero (municipality)">
Tulantepec de Lugo Guerrero (municipality)

Tulantepec de Lugo Guerrero is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 89.9 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 29,246. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856093" title="Tezontepec">
Tezontepec

Villa de Tezontepec is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 133.6 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 10,723. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856094" title="Xochiatipan">
Xochiatipan

Xochiatipan is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 149 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 18,157. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856095" title="Xochicoatlán">
Xochicoatlán

Xochicoatlán is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 159.3 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 6,954.

</doc>
<doc id="20856097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856097" title="Yahualica, Hidalgo">
Yahualica, Hidalgo

Yahualica is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 164.5 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 22,228. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856099" title="Zacualtipan">
Zacualtipan

Zacualtipan (formally: Zacualtipan de Ángeles ) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 241.6 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 25,987.

</doc>
<doc id="20856103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856103" title="Zempoala, Hidalgo">
Zempoala, Hidalgo

Zempoala is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 305.8 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 27,333.

</doc>
<doc id="20856104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856104" title="Zimapán">
Zimapán

Zimapán (Otomi: Mabo̱za) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 860.9 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 34,476. Zimapán has a regional hospital and 7 Health Centers. It also has 32 Casas de Salud, or Health Houses.

</doc>
<doc id="20856112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856112" title="2005 Speedway World Cup Final">
2005 Speedway World Cup Final

The 2005 Speedway World Cup Final was the fourth nad last race of the 2005 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on August 6, 2005 in the Olympic Stadium in Wrocław, Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20856116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856116" title="Solar power in Israel">
Solar power in Israel

Solar power in Israel refers to the use of solar energy in Israel, which began in the early days of the state. In the 1950s, Levi Yissar developed a solar water heater to address the energy shortages that plagued the new country. With the 1970s oil crisis, Harry Zvi Tabor, the father of Israel's solar industry, developed the prototype of the solar water heater now used in over 90% of Israeli homes. Israeli engineers are at the cutting edge of solar energy technology and its solar companies work on projects around the world.
With no oil reserves and the country's tenuous relations with its oil-rich neighbors, the search for a stable source of energy is a national priority. Solar technology in Israel has advanced to the point where it is almost cost-competitive with fossil fuels. The high annual incidence of sunshine in the Negev Desert has spurred an internationally renowned solar research and development industry. At the end of 2008, a feed-in tariff scheme was approved which has led to many residential and commercial solar energy power station projects.
Israel's goal is to produce ten percent of the country's energy from renewable sources by 2020.
History and development.
In 1949, prime minister David Ben-Gurion offered Harry Zvi Tabor a job on the 'physics and engineering desk' of the Research Council of Israel, which he accepted. His first task was to create an Israeli national laboratory to create standards amongst the different measurements in use in the country, primarily British, Ottoman and metric. Once the laboratory was established, he focused on solar energy for research and development.
Solar energy was particularly attractive for two reasons. First was the abundance and strength of the sun's rays on Israeli land. Israel's geographic latitude location is on the 30th parallel north, where the annual incident solar irradiance is 2000 kWh per sq.m. Second, Israeli land lacks oil, and the conflicts with its neighbors made the procurement of a stable source of energy a national priority. In particular, it is argued that the best defense against missile attack felling the national power grid would be to build a distributed power network, which would mean solar fields of 25–50 megawatts across Israel.
Early in the 1950s, Tabor began to examine why solar installations were inefficient. He eventually devised ‘selective black surfaces’, which his team at the National Physical Laboratory modified using nickel and chrome methods to blacken metals. These surfaces, which became known as Tabor surfaces, are particularly effective at trapping heat for use in solar water heaters.
Tabor and French immigrant Lucien Bronicki developed a small solar power unit, the Organic Rankine cycle turbine, for developing countries with problematic power grids. It was designed to neutralize the maintenance issues of reciprocating engines so it had only one moving part, the rotor. A 3 kWe prototype was exhibited at the 1961 United Nations Conference on New Sources of Energy in Rome, but it failed to find commercial success.
Dead Sea Solar pond.
In 1965, Lucien Bronicki established Ormat Industries to commercialize the Organic Rankine cycle turbine concept. In the 1970s and 1980s Ormat built and operated one of the world's first power stations to produce electricity from solar energy; the plant was located just north of the Dead Sea in Israel.
The plant utilised a technology known as the solar pond, a large-scale solar thermal energy collector with integral heat storage for supplying thermal energy. It was the largest operating solar pond ever built for electricity generation and operated up until 1988. It had an area of 210,000 m² and gave an electrical output of 5 MW.
Solar water heaters.
In the 1950s there was a fuel shortage in the new Israeli state, and the government forbade heating water between 10 a.m. and 6 p.m. As the situation worsened, engineer Levi Yissar proposed that instead of the construction of more electrical generation plants, homes should switch to solar water heaters. He built a prototype in his home, and in 1953 he started NerYah Company, Israel's first commercial manufacturer of solar water heaters. By 1967 around one in twenty households heated its water with the sun and 50,000 solar heaters had been sold. However, cheap oil from Iran and from oil fields captured in the Six-Day War made Israeli electricity cheaper and the demand for solar heaters dropped.
As of the early 1990s, all new residential buildings were required by the government to install solar water-heating systems, and Israel's National Infrastructure Ministry estimates that solar panels for water-heating satisfy 4% of the country's total energy demand. Israel and Cyprus are the per-capita leaders in the use of solar hot water systems with over 90% of homes using them.
The Ministry of National Infrastructures estimates solar water heating saves Israel of oil a year.
Feed-in tariff.
On June 2, 2008 the Israeli Public Utility Authority approved a feed-in tariff for solar plants. The tariff is limited to a total installation of 50MW during 7 years, whichever is reached first, with a maximum of 15 kWp installation for residential and a maximum of 50kWp for commercial. The National Infrastructures Ministry announced on December 2009 on expanding the feed-in tariff scheme to include medium-sized solar-power stations ranging from 50 kilowatts to 5 megawatts, though only one project was approved by June 2010.
Educational and research facilities.
The Grand Technion Energy Program (GTEP).
Multidisciplinary scientists at Technion - Israel Institute of Technology are pooling resources at GTEP to advance the science behind solar power.
Nano science and solar energy
With its strong basis in nanotechnology and science, GTEP is pioneering the field of nano-energy. 
National Solar Energy Center.
The National Solar Energy Center was founded in 1987 by the Ministry of National Infrastructures, and is part of Ben-Gurion University of the Negev. In testing, the concentrated solar technology proved to be up to five times more efficient than standard flat photovoltaic silicon panels, which would make it almost as cheap as oil and natural gas. A prototype ready for commercialization achieved a concentration of solar energy that was more than 1,000 times greater than that from standard flat panels. According to Faiman, who led the Israeli team that developed the technology, 10% of Israel’s population (1,000 megawatts) could live on the energy from 12 square kilometres of land.
Jacob Blaustein Institutes for Desert Research.
The Jacob Blaustein Institutes for Desert Research facility was founded by Amos Richmond, and its faculty is part of the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev. It has a solar energy research program that has assisted in the development of passive heating, involving the mitigation of extremes of heat and cold in the desert through efficient storage from day to nighttime. One research project is an inhabited adobe house with rational fenestration. Prisms that transmit heat during the day are installed in the room and can be rotated to allow the heat to discharge at night.
There is a double-skin greenhouse that uses copper sulfate solution as a heat screen during the day. The liquid is pumped between the two skins, protects the interior from ultraviolet rays, and collects heat. At night the liquid is recirculated, returning the heat to the greenhouse.
Weizmann Institute Solar Research Facilities Unit.
In addition to a solar reactor, the solar research facilities of the Weizmann Institute of Science are among the most advanced laboratories in the world for concentrated solar energy research. They have tested solar technology in the production of hydrogen fuel, which has been successfully trialled on a large scale. Tareq Abu-Hamed, an Israeli scientist at the University of Minnesota, with colleagues Jacob Karni and Michael Epstein, head of the Solar Facility at Weizmann, were the developers of a new method to produce hydrogen fuel more cheaply, efficiently and safely while solving storage and transportation issues.
Other innovations include harnessing sunlight for space communications and meteorological information; controlling light-dependent chemical reactions; and developing photodynamic cancer therapy.
Solar power stations.
The Negev.
The Negev Desert and the surrounding area, including the Arava Valley, are the sunniest parts of Israel and little of this land is arable, which is why it has become the center of the Israeli solar industry. David Faiman thinks the energy needs of Israel's future could be met by building solar energy plants in the Negev. As director of Ben-Gurion National Solar Energy Center, he operates one of the largest solar dishes in the world.
A 250 MW solar park in Ashalim, an area in the northern Negev, was in the planning stages for over five years, but is not expected to produce power before 2013. In 2008, a government tender was prepared on three solar power plants near the city; two thermal and one photovoltaic. The fields have not begun construction so far.
In the Rotem Industrial Complex outside of Dimona, Israel, more than 1,600 solar mirrors focus the sun's rays on a tower to heat a water boiler to create steam. BrightSource Industries (Israel), Ltd., uses the solar array to test new technology for the three new solar plants to be built in California for Pacific Gas and Electric Company and Southern California Edison.
Farming and kibbutzim.
Israel's first solar power station opened in August 2008. Moshe Tenne built the 50 KW plant on his Negev farm for NIS 1.3 million, and he expects to earn NIS 220,000 a year from selling excess electricity to the national power grid. After the National Infrastructures Ministry announced it would expand its feed-in tariff scheme to include medium-sized solar-power stations ranging from 50 kilowatts to 5 megawatts, Sunday Solar Energy announced that it would invest $133 million in photovoltaic solar arrays for installation on kibbutzim. In December 2008, the Sunday company announced that Kibbutz Reim in the western Negev would be the first community in the world to rely entirely on solar energy. The Reim installation, costing NIS60-100 million, would generate at least 2.5 megawatts during peak consumption. Excess energy would be sold to the Israel Electric Company. The investment is expected to pay for itself in 10 years, and the costs and revenues will be divided evenly between the kibbutz and Sunday.
Arava Power Company.
Ketura Sun is Israel’s first commercial solar field. Built in early 2011 by the Arava Power Company on Kibbutz Ketura, Ketura Sun covers twenty acres and is expected to produce green energy amounting to 4.95 megawatts. The field consists of 18,500 photovoltaic panels made by Suntech, which will produce about 9 gigawatt-hours of electricity per year. In the next twenty years, the field will spare the production of some 125,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide. The field was inaugurated on June 15, 2011.
On May 22, 2012 Arava Power Company announced that it had reached financial close on an additional 58.5 MW for 8 projects to be built in the Arava and the Negev valued at 780 million NIS or approximately $204 million. APC President and Co-Founder Yosef Abramowitz stated, "Our work is not yet done. Israel needs to adopt the European Union goal of 20 percent renewables by 2020 and this major milestone by Arava Power is proof positive that it can be reached. Furthermore, an injustice must be corrected by creating a special quota of solar fields for Bedouin land owners, who are locked out of the current solar program."
Additionally, the Arava Power Company has signed multiple agreements with Bedouin families in the Negev desert to build solar fields on approximately 92 acres of land, with a production capability of up to 20 megawatts. APC has been lobbying the Israeli government to create separate solar caps for Bedouins.
On February 7, 2012, Arava Power announced that it had received a license for the Tarabin Solar Field, the first solar field for the Bedouin community. Financing for the $30 million Tarabin installation is to be provided by OPIC – the Overseas Private Investment Corporation of the United States Government. Arava Power President Yosef Abramowitz sees solar power for the Bedouin as a positive example for Native Americans, First Nations, Aboriginals and others with historic land claims.
Carmey Avdat Winery.
Sunday Solar Energy was commissioned to build a solar installation for the Carmey Avdat winery in the Negev Desert. The 50 kW peak installation covers the 200-square meter roof of the winery and provides 65 percent of its annual energy needs.
Kibbutz Samar.
The Aora's Solar "Flower" Tower is the world's first solar hybrid power plant, comprising 30 heliostat solar reflectors. The plant switches to natural gas-powered turbines after dark so that it can continue producing power 24 hours a day.

</doc>
<doc id="20856137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856137" title="Abraham Pruijs van der Hoeven">
Abraham Pruijs van der Hoeven

Abraham Pruijs van der Hoeven (Leiden, March 30, 1829 - Brussels, January 7, 1907) was a governor of Nanggröe Aceh Darussalam a northern region of the island of Sumatra.
Van de Hoeven was born in Leiden in 1829. He first went to sea as a cabin boy in 1845, but had risen to the rank of mate by 1852. He undertook training to be a colonial official in 1854. in 1856 he was serving in Sumatra and in 1858 he led an expedition.
In 1870 he was assistant resident in Benkoelen and in 1873 he was resident in Palembang. From February to October 1880 he was a joint commissioner with Karel van der Heijden looking at the area of Sumatra called Aceh. This report argued for the pacification of this troublesome area and he was appointed governor in 1881. However the area erupted and he left in March 1883.
In 1886 he served on the Dutch Council for India, but retired in 1893. He died in Brussels in 1907 after retiring to Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20856144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856144" title="Jim Neher">
Jim Neher

James Gilmore Neher (February 5, 1889 – November 11, 1951) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched in one game for the Cleveland Naps on September 10 during the 1912 Cleveland Naps season, pitching one inning.

</doc>
<doc id="20856146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856146" title="Solitary cutaneous leiomyoma">
Solitary cutaneous leiomyoma

Solitary cutaneous leiomyoma typically presents as a deeply circumscribed, freely movable, rounded nodule ranging from 2 to 15mm in diameter, with overlying skin that may have a reddish or violaceous tint.

</doc>
<doc id="20856156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856156" title="Buddy Aydelette">
Buddy Aydelette

William Leslie "Buddy" Aydelette (born on August 19, 1956 in Mobile, Alabama) was an American football guard. He began his career with the Green Bay Packers of the NFL. He was drafted by the Packers in the 7th round (169th overall) of the 1980 NFL Draft. He would go on to become noteworthy for being the most decorated guard in the history of the rival USFL. Over the 3 seasons, Aydelette started for the Birmingham Stallions, he would make every USFL All-League team and every TSN USFL All-Star Team.
In 1983, the Stallions offense led the league in rushing. In 1984, the Stallions would again lead the league in rushing averaging 184 yards rushing per game and QB Cliff Stoudt would finish with a 101.6 QB rating, good for 3rd in the league. They would end the season as the league's #2 offense, behind the run and shoot offense of Jim Kelly's Houston Gamblers. The 1985 team would finish 3rd in the league in offense behind the Gamblers and Bobby Hebert's Oakland Invaders team.
After the USFL folded, Aydelette finished his football career with one final season in the NFL with the Pittsburgh Steelers

</doc>
<doc id="20856178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856178" title="Milo Netzel">
Milo Netzel

Miles Albion Netzel (May 12, 1886 – March 18, 1938) was a Major League Baseball third baseman who played for one season. He played in ten games for the Cleveland Naps during the 1909 Cleveland Naps season.

</doc>
<doc id="20856181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856181" title="Zarqa River">
Zarqa River

The Zarqa River (, Hebrew: נחל יבוק, Yabok river) is the second largest tributary of the lower Jordan River, after the Yarmouk River. It is the third largest river in the region by annual discharge, and its watershed encompasses the most densely populated areas east of the Jordan River. It rises in springs near Amman, and flows through a deep and broad valley (which is identified with the biblical Jabbok River) into the Jordan, at an elevation lower. The river is heavily polluted and its restoration is one of the top priorities for the Jordanian Ministry of the Environment.
Geologically, the Zarqa river is about 30 million years old. At the river's origin is 'Ain Ghazal, a major archaeological site that dates back to the Neolithic period. Archeological finds along the course of the river indicate the area was rich in flora and fauna in the past. The Zarqa river is well known for its amber deposits that date back to the Hauterivian of the lower Cretaceous (135 m.y.). A remarkable flora and fauna was reported from this amber reflecting a tropical paleoenvironmental prevailing conditions during the time of resin deposition (Kaddumi, 2005; 2007).
Etymology.
The modern Arabic name, Zarqa (زرقاء), means "the blue river". The Hebrew name Jabbok derives from the word "baqoq", which means "to flow" or "pour out".
Biblical Jabbok.
The Zarqa River is identified with the biblical river Jabbok (Hebrew: יבוק). The Biblical Jacob crossed the Jabbok on his way back to Canaan, after leaving Harran. It leads west into the Sukkot Valley, from where one crosses over the Jordan and can easily reach Shechem, as Jacob eventually did. The biblical cities of Zaretan and Adam are also at the mouth of the valley.
The river is first mentioned in connection with the meeting of Jacob and Esau, and with the struggle of Jacob with the angel (Genesis 32:23 "et seq."). It was the boundary separating the territory of Reuben and Gad from that of Ammon (Deuteronomy 3:16), the latter being described as lying along the Jabbok (Numbers 21:24; Deuteronomy 
2:37, 3:16; Joshua 
12:2). The territory of Sihon is described as extending "from Arnon unto Jabbok" (Numbers 21:24), and it was reclaimed later by the King of Ammon (Judges 
11:13, 22). Eusebius places the river between Gerasa and Philadelphia.
Course.
The headwaters of the Zarqa begin just northeast of Amman, rising from a spring named Ain Ghazal ("Gazelle spring"). The river flows to the north before heading west. Rising on the eastern side of the mountains of Gilead, it runs a course of about in a wild and deep ravine before flowing into the Jordan River between Gennesaret and the Dead Sea, at a point below its origin. At its higher reaches, the river banks are mostly steep and canyon-like. Near Ain Ghazal, two tributary wadis join the river, and it opens up into a shallow basin. It forms the border between the Jordanian administrative regions of Irbid and Balqa Governorate.
The river is perennial, but with a very low base flow of about 2–million to 3 million cubic meters per month during the summer months, and as much as 5–million to 8 million cubic meters per month during the rainy winter months. This makes it the second largest tributary of the lower Jordan River, after the Yarmouk River, and the third largest river in the region by annual discharge. Irregular floods after rain storms may increase the flow to as much as 54 million cubic meters. The median annual flow is 63.3 million cubic meters. The total basin area is the largest in Jordan. A small dam, Al-Rwyha dam, near the village of Dayr Alla, marks the end of the upstream portion of the river, where it is natural and fast flowing with very clear water. There is very little agriculture along the banks of the river in this region, which are very rocky. Downstream from this dam, the water level is very low, and the river banks are intensively used for agriculture, as well as grazing by sheep and goats<br>
The King Talal Dam was built across the lower Zarqa in 1970, and created a reservoir with a capacity of 55 million cubic meters, and increased in 1987 to 86 million cubic meters.
When built, it was expected that the reservoir would supply water for municipal use in the Amman region. However, the current levels of pollution in the lake make the water unfit for human consumption, and it is used for irrigation only.
Bridges.
The new Jerash Bridge crosses the Zarqa upstream of King Talal reservoir, on the road from Amman to Jerash. The bridge is the site of a gauging station where flow measurements are continuously taken.
In the city of Zarqa, several bridges, vehicular and pedestrian, cross the river. The earliest of these was built by the Chechen founders of the city. Current bridges include the Zawahreh Bridge, a vehicular bridge connecting Baha' al-Din Street with al-Zuhur Street and the another connecting Baha' al-Din Street with King Talal Street. Two pedestrian bridges connect al-Zuhur Street and Baha' al-Din Street, and Wasfi al-Tal Street and Petra Street.
Natural history.
The geological origins of the Zarqa river are about 30 million years old, when the Jordan Rift Valley was formed. A ripple effect of its formation was the creation of side-wadis. The Zarqa river carved into the western edge of one of these side wadis. The earliest exposed
formations in the area date from the Triassic and early Jurassic periods, and have been named Zerqa and Kurnub formations. The rock formations are marine sediments, remnants of the prehistoric Tethys Sea, which used to cover the area running roughly east - west, halfway across the present Dead Sea. Along the Zarqa, we find crystalline limestone alternating with shale. The next layer is a 20-30 meter high layer of gypsum, argillaceous marly lime, shales and iron-rich stone and sandstone. This layer is rich in fossils. The Zarqa valley was an important passageway connecting the Eastern Desert with the Jordan Valley.
Flora.
Archaeological finds of charcoaled remains indicate that poplar and tamarix used to grow along the banks of the Zarqa, with forests of wild oak growing on the hillsides. Today, tamarix thickets are still widespread in the floodplains, and the banks are cultivated with fruit orchards and vegetable fields. Along the course of Zarqa river, water is pumped directly and used to
irrigate crops of leafy vegetables such as parsley, spinach, cabbage, cauliflower and lettuce, as well as potatoes. Olive trees are also found along the river's banks. Tulips grow on many hillsides of the river, while in the springs area and the watercourse, water vegetation is found. Natural pine forests grow in the King Talal Dam area. Along the upstream banks, where the river runs wild, one finds the common reed, oleander and Typha species. Since the waters of the Zarqa are highly contaminated, with high levels of organic matter and various chemical compounds (especially detergents and dyes), the use of Zarqa water for irrigation has significantly altered the biodiversity of the natural flora, and caused the disappearance of the majority of fresh water species.
Fauna.
In prehistoric times, the area was rich with fauna, and 45 distinct animal species have been identified, half of them wild animals. Domesticated goats were the most common, and gazelles were the most frequently occurring wild animal species. <br>
Today, the area is still home to a diverse population of birds and mammals, and some of the breeding species found do not breed anywhere else in Jordan. Among the bird species found are the European Roller, Desert Lark, Dead Sea Sparrow, Desert Finch and Blue-cheeked Bee-eater. The King Talal dam has created a lake which is a habitat for migratory waterfowl and various fish species. Notable birds found in the lake area include the Little Bittern, Cattle Egrets, Grey Herons, White Storks, Common Teal and Eurasian Coot. The lake's waters sustain stock of fish, some of which is indigenous species and some introduced species. The most common are Tilapia. Migratory birds also winter in the man-made pools which make up the Kherbit Al-Samra Sewage Treatment Plant, located in a broad depression close to Wadi Dhulayl, the main tributary of the Zarqa River. As many as 6,000 White Storks have been spotted roosting there. Mammals found in the area include the Common Otter (Lutra lutra), and the Persian Squirrel (Sciurus anomalus). The otter is considered a threatened species.
History.
'Ain Ghazal, the origin of the spring the feeds the Zarqa river, is a major archaeological site, dating back to the Neolithic period. It was continuously occupied for more than two thousand years, and the earliest finds date to 7200 BCE. 'Ain Ghazal is one of the earliest known human settlements with evidence of domesticated animals. With a population of around 3,000 at its height, it was also one of the largest prehistoric population centers in the Near East, with about five time the population of neighboring Jericho. During a 1982 survey of the Zarqa valley, a number Early Iron Age sites were discovered, concentrated along the banks of the Zerqa and its tributaries. One of them, Tulul adh-Dhahab, is under further research now. Zarqa, Jordan's second largest city, is built on the banks of the Zarqa River, and is the largest settlement along its course. Today, most of the land and plantations on the riverbanks are owned by the heirs of the patrician El-wir clan, the rest is owned by Bani-Hassan tribe, and other local tribes. The town of Zarqa was founded in 1902 by Chechen immigrants. Its population grew rapidly with an influx of Palestinian refugees who fled the West bank during the Six-day war.<br> The Zarqa River also flows through Jerash. Inhabited since the Bronze Age, Jerash was an important Greco-Roman city (Gerasha), home to noted mathematician Nicomachus. The ruins of the city are well preserved and have been extensively excavated.
Environmental concerns.
The Zarqa river is highly polluted. In many areas, raw sewage flows untreated directly into the river through dry riverbeds (wadis), contaminating it and creating a stench which has been a cause of numerous complaints, particularly during the summer months. Though sewage treatment stations have been built in a couple of locations (including Ain Ghazal and Khirbet As Samara), these stations often receive more water than they can handle. Such overflow occurs during winter floods, as well as during summer months when the population increases with the return of migrant workers to Amman. During overflow, untreated water runs directly to the Zarqa river. As a result, the Zarqa's water is brownish colored, often with dense foam due to large amounts of organic matter. Other sources of pollutants are the illegal dumping of industrial waste, including those from textile factories, and batteries and oils from garages.
The river's watershed encompasses the most densely populated areas east of the Jordan River, and it flows through an industrialized area that is home to more than 52% of Jordan's industrial plants, including the Jordan Petroleum Refinery Company. During the summer months, treated domestic and industrial waste-water compose nearly all of the flow, and substantially degrade the water quality. Coupled with over-extraction of water from the underground aquifer and the naturally low base flow of the Zarqa, this has created a major problem, described as one of Jordan's "environmental black spots". and has made rehabilitation of the Zarqa a top priority for the Jordanian Ministry of the Environment. The restoration project is estimated to cost $30 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20856184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856184" title="Sandor Rivnyak">
Sandor Rivnyak

Sandor Rivnyak (, born October 31, 1937) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Hungary.
In 1972 he was part of the American team which finished 14th in the Olympic tournament. He played all five matches.
Four years later he finished tenth with the American team in the 1976 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches again.

</doc>
<doc id="20856189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856189" title="Selected Stories of Lu Hsun">
Selected Stories of Lu Hsun

Selected Stories of Lu Hsun is a collection of English translations of major stories of the Chinese author Lu Xun translated by Yang Hsien-yi and Gladys Yang and first published in 1960 by the Foreign Languages Press in Beijing. This book was republished in 2007 by the Foreign Languages Press with the updated title of Lu Xun Selected Works. Stories included in the collection are drawn from three of Lu Xun's story collections: 《吶喊》"Call to Arms" (CTA), 《彷徨》 "Wandering" (W), and 《故事新編》 "Old Tales Retold" (OTR).
The stories were a major influence on the May Fourth Movement in China in the 1920s.
Major themes.
One major theme in the stories in this collection is that habits of mind (psychology or "spirit") need to be examined; improvements in material conditions and institutions, while important, are not sufficient by themselves to renew China. See in particular "A Madman's Diary" and "The True Story of Ah Q".
Lu Xun employed point of view in his stories in a way that was novel at the time for Chinese literature, helping readers consider new possibilities about the true nature of the reality around them.
A second major theme in the stories is the problem of how members of the intellectual class are to live their lives. It is a theme in many stories, including "Kong Yiji", "My Old Home", "In the Wine Shop", "Regret for the Past", and others.
A third major theme in the stories is commentary on traditional customs and institutions. The stories look at the specific dysfunctions of particular customs and institutions, and also at the general result in which people are discarded. It is a theme in many stories, especially "Kong Yiji" and "The New Year Sacrifice".
Story synopses.
Preface to "Call to Arms".
((CTA), dated December 3, 1922) In this preface, Lu Xun describes the evolution of his social concerns. An important thread to this preface is his encounters with traditional Chinese medicine and the problems of health care, which bears directly on several stories in the collection. Lu Xun also describes one of his overarching objectives as a writer and social critic: he sees society as "an iron house without windows, absolutely indestructible, with many people fast asleep inside who will soon die of suffocation." Is it possible to help them? Or will he only make them suffer unnecessarily by intervening?
A Madman's Diary.
(狂人日記, (CTA), dated April 1918) This story ostensibly reveals the delusions of a man who has passed through a period of madness, and has now returned to sanity and participation in "normal" society.
A theme in the story is the nature of reality, and the difficulty of attaining a perspective from which to see reality clearly. "I begin to realize that during the past thirty-odd years I have been in the dark . . ."
A secondary theme is the self-destructiveness of traditional Chinese society, likening it to cannibalism. "I have only just realized that I have been living all these years in a place where for four thousand years they have been eating human flesh."
The story is said to have drawn inspiration from Nikolai Gogol's story Diary of a Madman.
Moreover, it is believed that the writing of this story closely coincides with Lu Xun's personal transition from a focus on medicine to a focus on psychology and literature.
Kong Yiji.
(孔乙己, (CTA), dated March 1919) This is the story of a local intellectual who falls afoul of his community.
A major theme in this story is the way in which traditional Chinese society's system of advancement for intellectuals left many discarded and useless. " had studied the classics but had never passed the official examination. With no way of making a living, he grew poorer and poorer, until he was practically reduced to beggary."
A related theme is the physical cruelty of traditional Chinese "justice." In the story, Kong is given a beating that lasts "nearly all night, until his legs were broken," and afterward he is reduced to crawling from place to place.
Medicine.
(藥, (CTA), dated April 1919) This story focuses on a sick boy and a traditional Chinese folk medicine practice.
Two major (and inter-related) themes in this story are superstition, and man's search for meaning in a confusing world.
Lu Xun acknowledged the impact of beliefs about traditional Chinese medicine on his own life. In "Medicine", the characters are told, "A roll dipped in human blood . . . can cure any consumption!" though this promise proves false. Scholars have suggested that Lu Xun's family experience with traditional Chinese medicine was crucial in forming his psychology and personality.
Despite its earthy topic, the story has a carefully wrought structure.
Tomorrow.
(明天, (CTA), dated June 1920) This story also concerns a sick child and traditional Chinese folk medicine.
It raises the question: what if the ability to change the course of events is largely illusory? Do we still go on? "Something which had never happened to her before, and which she had thought never could happen, had happened. . . . She was only a simple woman. What solution could she think of?"
An Incident.
(一件小事, (CTA), dated July 1920) More a meditation than a story, in "An Incident" a man's rickshaw puller collides with a pedestrian, and the passenger must confront the question: when do other people begin to matter? When do his own concerns have to adjust to those around him? "The military and political affairs of those years I have forgotten as completely as the classics I read in my childhood. Yet this incident keeps coming back to me, often more vivid than in actual life, teaching me shame, urging me to reform, and giving me fresh courage and hope."
Storm in a Teacup.
(風波, (CTA), dated October 1920) In this story, the "storm" is a change in government (presumably the 1911 Revolution, and the "teacup" is a village in which the residents face a simple, practical concern: will certain people's lack of a queue be noticed (and be punished)? Or are they too far from the action to be noticed?
One theme of the story is the difficulty of meaningful political participation in such a widely dispersed polity as China. Another theme is the life and death impact politics is able to make on people, even down at the village level. "I don't think the emperor will ascend the throne. I passed Mr. Chao's wine shop today, and he was sitting there reading again, with his queue coiled on the top of his head. He wasn't wearing his long gown, either."
My Old Home.
(故鄉, (CTA), dated January 1921) On a visit to his old hometown, a man finds that a "lamentably thick wall" . . . "an invisible high wall" has grown up between himself and his old acquaintances.
Themes in the story include: the persistence of memory, the way people as well as places constitute the sense of a place, the painfulness of disconnection from the past, and the dilemma of intellectuals who must turn their attention away from the past and face present reality.
A theme in the story is the Chinese concept of ancestral home.
The True Story of Ah Q.
(阿Q正傳, (CTA), dated December 1921) This story is Lu Xun's most famous work, and perhaps the most famous in contemporary Chinese fiction.
The story involves an ordinary village dweller of few means, and describes the habits of mind that he employs in navigating the course of his days. (In particular, he finds pretexts to transform many failures and embarrassments into "victories" by self-consolation.)
A major theme of the story is the question of what constitutes a bigger challenge: material conditions themselves, or the psychological processes that obstruct us from engaging realistically with material conditions.
Village Opera.
(社戲, (CTA), dated October 1922) Ostensibly a comparison of the experience of attending Chinese opera performances in the city vs. a village, the story evolves into an essay on how people interact with each other within the village context, including attitudes toward sharing.
The New Year Sacrifice.
(祝福, (CTA), dated February 1924) The "New Year Sacrifice" refers to a sacred rite taking place during the sensitive New Year period . . . and indirectly to the old widow who is too broken to be allowed to help prepare it. She has twice been "sacrificed" at the altar of arranged marriage.
The story explores many themes. One theme is the use of taboos, and whether they are consistent with progress. More broadly, the themes of women's rights and marriage practices (including arranged marriage) are explored. "This poor woman, abandoned by people in the dust as a tiresome and worn-out toy, once left her own imprint in the dust, and those who enjoy life must have wondered at her for wishing to prolong her existence; but now at least she has been swept clear by eternity. Whether spirits exist or not I do not know; but in the present world when a meaningless existence ends, so that someone whom others are tired of seeing is no longer seen, it is just as well, both for the individual concerned and for others."
Even more broadly, the story raises the question of what society should do to address the plight of those who are traumatized, severely depressed, or otherwise psychologically, emotionally, or spiritually broken. Finally, Lu Xun considers universal themes, showing how people's "religious" questions ("What happens when you die? Is there a hell?") are relevant, even to non-believers. He suggests that sticking with a "safe" response ("I am not sure") is not enough.
In the Wine Shop.
(在酒樓上, (W), dated February 1924) In this story, the narrator meets an old friend who expresses frustration because the need to respect the feelings of others (especially his mother) force him to engage in "futile" exercises, and the need to support himself forces him to teach the outmoded Confucian canon. "Who cares about such futile affairs anyway? One only wants to muddle through them somehow. When I have muddled through New Year I shall go back to teaching the Confucian Classics as before."
The story relates closely to the changing attitudes toward the traditional canon in the course of China's New Culture Movement.
The story deals with the theme of modern Chinese intellectuals confronting day-to-day reality. "In future? I don't know. Just think: Has any single thing turned out as we hoped of all we planned in the past? I'm not sure of anything now, not even of what I will do tomorrow, nor even of the next minute . . . . "
Happy Family.
(幸福的家庭, (W), dated March 1924) This story draws humorously on contemporary magazine subjects (the "happy family," the "ideal husband") to reveal, inter alia, what a real happy family looks like . . . dealing with the quotidien: errands, the crying of children, family chatter . . . .
The principal character in the story is writing a magazine article about a "happy family": "The family naturally consists of a husband and wife - the master and mistress - who married for love. Their marriage contract contains over forty terms going into great detail, so that they have extraordinary equality and absolute freedom. Moreover they have both had a higher education and belong to the cultured elite . . . . "
Like "In the Wine Shop," this story deals with the theme of modern Chinese intellectuals confronting day-to-day reality.
Soap.
(肥皂, (W), dated March 1924) Lu Xun uses a simple bar of soap to reveal experiential context (e.g. a shopping expedition) and conjugal intimacy (as it mediates the man's relationship with his wife) and social policy (revealing male chauvinism toward a female beggar), and more.
Lu Xun raises the question of who has the real power to deal with and bring about change: the stumbling man or his subtle wife?
Divorce.
(離婚, dated November 1925) A young woman holds out hope that her marital dispute will be resolved in her favor.
Lu Xun suggests that "getting a hearing" is like a dream; the reality is that the powers-that-be settle things in the usual manner. "Seventh Master moved his lips, but nobody could hear what he was saying. Only his servant heard, and the force of this order entered his very marrows, for twice he twitched as if overcome by awe. . . . knew that something unexpected and completely unforeseen was about to happen - something which she was powerless to prevent. Only now did she realize the full power of Seventh Master."
The Misanthrope.
(孤獨者, dated October 1925) The story's protagonist is a "misanthrope" because he rejects the bond of people to each other ("it is hard to live so that no one will mourn for your death") and because he experiences emotion in situations differently than conventional society expects.
A major theme of the story is the desire to live and think according to one's own convictions, vs. doing society's bidding. Lu Xun raises the question of whether anyone who tries to go his own way will end up as a "wounded wolf."
Regret for the Past.
(伤逝, dated October 1925) The "true story" of what really happens when modern romance (a "love match") is pursued.
A major theme of the story is that "honesty" and "truth" (with or without rejection of outmoded traditional marital norms) are not enough to bring about a successful marital relationship.
The Flight to the Moon.
(奔月, (OTR), dated December 1926) In this story based on traditional myths and themes, Lu Xun shows that the heroic figure (the intellectual?) and his quest (social crusade?) can sometimes be depressingly mundane.
A theme is the idea that humor and imagination are just as important as high purpose in helping people to persevere.
Forging the Swords.
(鑄劍 (OTR), dated October 1926) In another story based on traditional myths and themes, Lu Xun weighs the cost of seeking justice (and, by extension, of wielding the sword of truth), and suggests that great sacrifices are most certainly required in this particular pursuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20856192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856192" title="Cutaneous endometriosis">
Cutaneous endometriosis

Cutaneous endometriosis is characterized by the appearance of brownish papules at the umbilicus or in lower abdominal scars after gynecologic surgery in middle-aged women.

</doc>
<doc id="20856193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856193" title="Parkmore RFC">
Parkmore RFC

Parkmore RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Terenure, Dublin. They play in Pool 3 of the Leinster Junior 4 League. The club colours are sky blue and white hoops.

</doc>
<doc id="20856222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856222" title="Grade I listed buildings in Nottinghamshire">
Grade I listed buildings in Nottinghamshire

There are over 6000 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Nottinghamshire, by district.
References.
English Heritage Images of England

</doc>
<doc id="20856230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856230" title="James Rogers (handballer)">
James Rogers (handballer)

James Galvin Rogers (born October 16, 1946) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Glendale, California.
In 1972 he was part of the American team which finished 14th in the Olympic tournament. He played four matches and scored 15 goals.
Four years later he finished tenth with the American team in the 1976 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches and scored 18 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20856241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856241" title="Galician slaughter">
Galician slaughter

The Galician Slaughter, also known as the Peasant Uprising of 1846 or the Szela uprising (; or ), was a two-month uprising of Galician peasants that led to the suppression of the szlachta uprising (Kraków Uprising) and the massacre of szlachta in Galicia in the Austrian partition in early 1846. The uprising, which lasted from February to March, primarily affected the lands around the town of Tarnów.
It was a revolt against serfdom, directed against manorial property and oppression (for example, the manorial prisons), with many victims; Galician peasants killed about 1,000 noblemen and destroyed about 500 manors. The Austrian government used the uprising to decimate nationalist Polish nobles, who were organizing an uprising against Austria.
It was the largest peasant uprising on Polish lands in the 19th century. It has also been called "the last jacquerie or peasant uprising in European history."
Background.
In the semi-autonomous Free City of Kraków, patriotic Polish intellectuals and nobles (szlachta) had made plans for a general uprising in partitioned Poland, intending to reestablish an independent Poland. A similar uprising of nobility was planned in Poznań, but police quickly caught the ringleaders. The Kraków Uprising begun on the night of February 20, and initially met with limited successes.
In the meantime, the recent poor harvests resulted in significant unrest among the local peasantry.
Uprising.
The Kraków uprising was a spark that ignited the peasants' rebellion. The insurgent nobles made appeals to the peasants, reminding them of the popular hero Tadeusz Kościuszko and promising an end to serfdom. Some peasants indeed sided with the nobles. Narkiewicz and Hahn, among others, note that the peasants around Kraków, many of whom remembered the promises made by Kościuszko and peasant soldiers who fought beside him, were sympathetic to the noble insurgents. Another account is of the peasants in Chochołów, who gathered under a Polish flag and fought the Austrians.
Most sources agree that the Austrians encouraged the peasants to revolt. A number of sources point to the actions of the Austrian Tarnów administration, in particular an official identified as the District Officer of Tarnów, Johann Breindl von Wallerstein. Wallerstein reached out to peasant leader Jakub Szela. Serfs were promised the end of their feudal duties if they helped to put down the insurgent Polish noblemen, and were also paid in money and salt for the heads of nobles. Hahn notes "it is generally accepted as proven that the Austrian authorities deliberately exploited peasant dissatisfaction in order to suppress then national uprising." Magosci et al. write that "most contemporaries condemned the Austrian authorities for their perfidious use of the peasantry for counter-revolutionary aims."
It was ironic, as historian Eric Hobsbawm has noted, that the peasants turned their anger on the revolutionaries, whose ideals also included improvement of peasant situation. The progressive ideals of the Polish insurgents were praised, among others, by Karl Marx, who called it a "deeply democratic movement that aimed at land reform and other pressing social questions." As noted by several historians, the peasants were not so much acting out of loyalty to the Austrians, as revolting against the oppressive feudal system, of which the Polish nobles were prime representatives and beneficiaries in the Galician region. Wolff takes a different stance here, by noting that it is likely that the Austrian authorities held greater sway with the peasants, who saw improvement in their living conditions in the recent decades, which they associated with the new Austrian rule.
Bideleux and Jeffries (2007) are among the dissenters to that view, citing Alan Sked's 1989 research that contends that "the Habsburg authorities - despite later chargers of connivance - knew nothing about what was going on and were appalled at the results of the blood-lust." Hahn notes that during the events of 1846 "the Austrian bureaucracy played a dubious role that has not been completely explained, down to the present day."
The peasants also aided the Austrian army in defeating the insurgents at the battle of Gdów.
Peasants attacked the manor houses of the rebel noble leaders as well as of suspected rebel nobles and killed many hundreds of the estate owners and their families; about 90% of the manor houses in the Tarnów region are estimated to have been destroyed. At least 470 manor houses were destroyed. Estimates of the number of lives lost by Polish estate owners and officials range from 1,000 to 2,000. Jezierski notes that most of the victims were not nobles (he estimates those constituted maybe about 200 of the fatalities) but their direct employees. Most of the victims had no direct involvement with the Polish insurgents other than being a part of the same social class. (Davies also notes that near Bochnia, Austrian officials were attacked by overzealous peasantry.) Bideleux and Jeffries discuss the total number of victims noting that "more than two thousands lives were lost on both sides", which suggests that most of the victims were from among the Polish nobility.
The uprising was eventually put down by Austrian troops. Accounts of the pacification vary. Bideleux and Jeffries note it was "brutally put down by the Austrian troops." Jezierski notes the use of flagellation by the authorities. Nance describes the arrest and exile of the anti-Austrian peasants in Chochołów. Magocsi et al. note that the peasants were punished by being forced to resume their feudal obligations, while their leader, Szela, received a medal and a land grant.
Legacy.
Serfdom existed in Galicia until 1848, and the unrest of 1846 is credited with helping to bring on its demise.
The destruction of crops during the hostilities was one of the reasons for the ensuing famine.
For the Polish nobles and reformers, this event was a lesson that class lines are a powerful force, and that peasants cannot be expected to support a cause of independent Poland without education and indoctrination.
Soon after the uprising was put down, the Republic of Cracow was abolished and incorporated into Galicia.
The massacre of the gentry in 1846 was the historical memory that haunted Stanisław Wyspiański's play "The Wedding". The uprising was also described in the stories "Der Kreisphysikus" and "Jacob Szela" by Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach.
Notes.
a The nationality of the peasants is a complex issue. A number of sources describe them as Polish. Hahn notes that the peasants in the region affected by the uprising were not Ruthenian, but rather "Polish speaking Catholics." Others, however, note that the peasants had little national identity and considered themselves Masurians; to quote one of the peasants as late as end of World War I: "The older peasants called themselves Masurians, and their speech Masurian... I myself did not know that I was a Pole till I began to read books and papers, and I fancy that other villagers came to be aware of the national attachment in much the same way." In turn Wolff prefers to talk of "Galician peasants".
b This is, however, disputable, considering for example the 1907 Romanian Peasants' Revolt, the 1914 Peasant Revolt in Albania or the 1920 Tambov Rebellion in the USSR.

</doc>
<doc id="20856250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856250" title="Metastatic carcinoma">
Metastatic carcinoma

Metastatic carcinoma is able to grow at sites distant from the primary site of origin; thus, dissemination to the skin may occur with any malignant neoplasm, and these infiltrates may result from direct invasion of the skin from underlying tumors, may extend by lymphatic or hematogenous spread, or may be introduced by therapeutic procedures.
The most common malignancy found in bone is metastatic carcinoma.

</doc>
<doc id="20856254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856254" title="XO-2 (star)">
XO-2 (star)

XO-2 (XO-2B to be precise, cf. next paragraph) is a cooler Sun-like star located approximately light-years away from Earth in the Lynx constellation. It has a magnitude of 11 and cannot be seen with the naked eye but is visible through a small telescope. This star is also notable for its large proper motion.
This star (XO-2B, the northernmost star) is in a very wide binary star system with a nearly identical star (XO-2A, the southernmost star) at a separation of approximately AU.
Planetary system.
One known exoplanet, XO-2b (or rarely XO-2Bb), which is classified as a hot Jupiter, was discovered by the XO Telescope using the transit method orbiting XO-2 (XO-2B) in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20856259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856259" title="Gaily, Gaily">
Gaily, Gaily

Gaily, Gaily (released in the United Kingdom as Chicago, Chicago) is a 1969 American comedy film directed by Norman Jewison. It is based on the autobiographical novel by Ben Hecht and stars Beau Bridges, Melina Mercouri, Brian Keith, and George Kennedy. 
Plot.
Set in 1910, the film's main character is Ben Harvey (patterned after Ben Hecht): serious about seeing the world, he leaves his home for Chicago, where he meets a woman named Lil, who in reality is the Madam of the bordello Ben mistakes for a boarding house. He also is friends with Adeline, one of the prostitutes. While he tries to find work, Ben encounters other people, including a man named Sullivan, who is involved in shady doings in city government. Suspecting corruption, Harvey and a hard drinking reporter decide to investigate.
Awards.
The film was nominated for three Academy Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="20856263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856263" title="Richard Schlesinger (handballer)">
Richard Schlesinger (handballer)

Richard Bradley Schlesinger, Jr. (born September 2, 1946) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Chicago.
In 1972 he was part of the American team which finished 14th in the Olympic tournament. He played all five matches and scored four goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20856269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856269" title="Anthony Gizzo">
Anthony Gizzo

Anthony Robert Gizzo (August 4, 1902 – April 1, 1953) was a Kansas City, Missouri mobster with the Cosa Nostra and a boss of the Kansas City crime family.
Gizzo was born in New York City and was known as "Tony". In the early 1920s, after being arrested on a narcotics charge, Gizzo attempted to bribe a federal officer with $10,000 ($ today). Gizzo was convicted and in 1924 served one year and a day at Leavenworth Federal Penitentiary in Leavenworth, Kansas. 
Gizzo was a close friend of mobster Charles Binaggio. In 1930, Gizzo and Binaggio were arrested in Denver, Colorado, on a minor charge. During this time, both men were lieutenants to Kansas City North End political boss John Lazia in his illegal gambling operations. Gizzo soon became known as one of the five "Iron Men" due to his underworld clout. 
In 1950, with Binaggio's murder, it is believed that Gizzo assumed leadership of the Kansas City family. 
Kefauver Committee.
Gizzo testified in Kansas City before the U.S. Senate Kefauver Committee in its investigations of organized crime. At one point, a senator asked Gizzo if he belonged to the Mafia. Gizzo replied,
Later on, Gizzo had the following exchange with the Committee when asked if he knew Balestrere:
On April 1, 1953 Gizzo died of a heart attack in Dallas, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20856287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856287" title="Kevin Serrapede">
Kevin Serrapede

Kevin John Serrapede (born August 4, 1948) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Queens, New York City.
In 1972 he was part of the American team which finished 14th in the Olympic tournament. He played four matches and scored three goals.
Four years later he finished tenth with the American team in the 1976 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches and scored four goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20856304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856304" title="Robert Sparks">
Robert Sparks

Robert Earl Sparks (born September 11, 1947) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Jersey City, New Jersey.
In 1972 he was part of the American team which finished 14th in the Olympic tournament. He played all five matches and scored three goals.
Four years later he finished tenth with the American team in the 1976 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches and scored four goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20856310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856310" title="Birmingham Coal Company">
Birmingham Coal Company

The Birmingham Coal Company was a coal mining company in the Pittsburgh Coalfield area. It operated mines along Becks Run,
as well as other mines south of the Monongahela River, such as the Bausman Mine and the American Mine. It is named for Birmingham, Pennsylvania, a town which was later annexed to Pittsburgh. Part of the company was the Birmingham Coal Company Railroad, a narrow gauge railroad that ran Along 21st street. Coal was transferred underground using a tailrope system from Spiketown to the mine entrance, and from there to the railroad on a gravity plane to the railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="20856311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856311" title="Shoichiro Toyoda">
Shoichiro Toyoda

Biography.
Family tree.
The descendants of Sakichi Toyoda who established Toyoda Automatic Loom Works, have long dominated the upper management of Toyota Motors, which was incorporated in 1937. Shoichiro Toyoda was born in Nagoya on February 17, 1925, the son of Kiichiro Toyoda, who would become the president of Toyota between 1941 and 1950; and in due course, Shoichiro Toyoda became president of the company between 1982 and 1992. His son, Akio Toyoda, was appointed company president after Katsuaki Watanabe relinquished that post to become Chairman.
Career.
Toyoda joined Toyota Motors in 1952. He attended the Tokyo First Middle School (Hibiya High School), First High School （Tokyo University）, and graduated from Nagoya Imperial University (Nagoya University) in 1947 with a degree in engineering. In ten years, he had risen to the position of managing director; and he was promoted to senior managing director in 1967, to executive vice president in 1972, and president of the Company's marketing organization in 1981.
The merger of the sales and production organizations in 1982 produced Toyota Motor Corporation. Toyoda became the new entity's first president. The disparate nature of the two distinct corporate cultures required his attention, and the extent to which the "oil and water" of these two Toyota groups were merged successfully was attributed in large part to his leadership. He served as chairman from 1992 to 1999; and he became honorary chairman in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20856312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856312" title="John Malloy">
John Malloy

John Malloy (born September 19, 1975) is an American fine artist, illustrator, designer, and sequential artist. His illustrations and designs have appeared in advertising, packaging, magazines, cd covers, apparel, on the web, and in posters, with clients ranging from Peace Tea to Diesel to Business Week. His fine art employs a variety of media, including pen & ink, oil & acrylic paint, and digital.
Early life.
Malloy was born and raised in Hanover Township, Pennsylvania, and began drawing cartoons and rock stars at age 6. His father, a cemetery-caretaker, and mother, a coal-miner’s daughter, encouraged him to pursue his talents. Later, he earned a strong background in trompe l'oeil oil painting, and since has been self-taught in painting, pen & ink, design, and sequential art. He did not become interested in comics or graphic novels until he was 19.
Illustration, Fine Art, and Comics.
In his early twenties, Malloy began his career as an illustrator producing 2 pieces the "Mirage" Series for , "Mind Harness" and "Natural Balance", in addition to cover art for a variety of alternative newspapers. He also scripted, illustrated, and designed "Amnesia", his first graphic novel for NBM Publishing. In his mid-twenties, feeling his work was growing derivative and stagnant, he took a few years off from visual art altogether to pursue other interests and jobs. These experiences would later become partial inspiration for his comic, "Queasy". In his spare time he experimented with new techniques and styles to develop his own unique voice. He started work again as an illustrator, designer, fine artist, and comics creator in early 2007 at the age of 31.
His illustrations have been featured in The Big Book of Contemporary Illustration, and Gestalten's "Illusive 3" book of contemporary Illustration. Since 2007 he has produced work for 55 DSL (Diesel Clothing), "Paste Magazine", "Business Week", Focus Features, Minus the Bear, and many more. He is also the logo designer and artist behind Peace Iced Tea for Hansen's Beverage Co./Monster Energy. His illustrations and designs have been featured in a variety of publications and exhibits, including Illusive, The Big Book of Contemporary Illustration, and Spectrum. He was most recently awarded the platinum prize for Illustration in the 42nd Creativity International Print Competition.
His fine art has been exhibited at Thinkspace Gallery, Gallery 1988, Gallery Nucleus, Spoke Art Gallery, Art Whino Gallery, AR4T Gallery, Sin City Gallery, and in the globally touring exhibitions Tiger Translate and Into Infinity, and others.
His first graphic novel, "Amnesia" (NBM Publishing; 2001), combined pen & ink, digital, and painted media. In its review of the novel, "Publishers Weekly" wrote that "Malloy has obvious ambition and talent, he hasn't harnessed that talent to present a coherent, meaningful narrative." In a 2010 interview Malloy states, "Looking back on it I’m actually not that fond of it since it was my first effort. I’ve always been a fan of the medium and enticed by how unexplored it is as a genre." He returned to the sequential/comics medium in 2007, concepting and illustrating sequential-art rock interviews for Lemon Magazine, and is currently at work on his autobiographical graphic novel titled "Queasy" excerpt appears in Image Comics' Popgun Anthology Volume #4.

</doc>
<doc id="20856319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856319" title="Moumouni Fabré">
Moumouni Fabré

Moumouni Fabré (born 28 November 1953) is a Burkinabé politician who has served as the Ambassador of Burkina Faso to South Africa since 2008. He was Minister of Territorial Administration and Decentralization from 2002 to 2006.
Life and career.
Fabré was Ambassador to Germany from late 1988 to March 1991, then Ambassador to Iran from 1992 to 1997. Subsequently he was an Adviser to the Presidency of Burkina Faso; he was responsible for organizing the 34th Summit of the Organisation of African Unity in June 1997, and he was Coordinator of the 26th Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers in January 1998. Later, he was appointed as Director of the Cabinet of Prime Minister Paramanga Ernest Yonli in July 2001. Fabré was then appointed to the government as Minister of Territorial Administration and Decentralization on 10 June 2002, serving in that position until being dismissed from the government in January 2006. He was instead appointed as Ambassador and Representative of the President of Burkina Faso to Togo, responsible for monitoring the implementation of political agreements.
After serving as President Blaise Compaore's Representative in Togo, Fabré was appointed as Ambassador to South Africa on 16 April 2008. He arrived in South Africa on 9 August 2008 and presented his credentials to South African President Kgalema Motlanthe on 2 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20856324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856324" title="Pippa Norris">
Pippa Norris

Pippa Norris (born July 10, 1953) is the McGuire Lecturer in Comparative Politics at the Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University, Australian Laureate Fellow and Professor of Government and International Relations at the University of Sydney, Director of the Electoral Integrity Project and treasure at the World Values Survey.
Education.
Norris holds a Bachelor of Arts in Politics and Philosophy from Warwick University, and Masters and Doctoral degrees in Politics from the London School of Economics (LSE). Prior to joining Harvard in 1992, she taught at Edinburgh University.
Career.
Her research compares public opinion and elections, democratic institutions and cultures, gender politics, and political communications in many countries worldwide, mostly using data from the World Values Survey
She has served as an expert consultant for many international bodies including the UN, UNESCO, NDI, the Council of Europe, International IDEA, the World Bank, the National Endowment for Democracy, and the UK Electoral Commission. She has also served as the Director of the Democratic Governance Group at the United Nations Development Programme in New York. 
She has served on executive bodies for the American Political Science Association (APSA), the International Political Science Association (IPSA), the Political Studies Association of the United Kingdom (PSA), and the British Politics Group of APSA. She was President of the Political Communications section of APSA and of the Women and Politics Research Group of APSA, and Co-Founding Chair of the Elections, Parties, and Public Opinion Group (EPOP) of the PSA.
She has held visiting appointments at Columbia University, the University of California, Berkeley, the University of East Anglia, the University of Oslo, the University of Cape Town, Otago University, the Australian National University and the University of Sydney.
She is a member of the scientific committee of the Fundacion IDEAS, Spain's Socialist Party's think tank, and she sits on the editorial board of the academic journal "Representation". Prior to joining Harvard in 1992, she taught at Edinburgh University. She holds a Bachelor of Arts in Politics and Philosophy from Warwick University, and Masters and Doctoral degrees in Politics from the London School of Economics (LSE). 
In 2011 Norris and Ronald Inglehart were awarded with the Johan Skytte Prize in Political Science for "contributing innovative ideas about the relevance and roots of political culture in a global context, transcending previous mainstream approaches of research". Other recent honors include a Doctor Honoris Causa awarded by the University of Edinburgh, an Australian Research Council Kathleen Fitzpatrick Laureate Fellowship, and the Political Studies Association of the UK 'special recognition' award.
Publications.
Monographs
Edited books
Her work has been published in more than a dozen languages (French, German, Dutch, Italian, Swedish, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Polish, Hungarian, Croatian, Pashtu, Arabic, Chinese, Indonesian, Korean, and Japanese).
Journals articles include those published in the "British Journal for Political Science", "Political Studies", "Political Communication", the "European Journal of Political Research", the "International Political Science Review", "Electoral Studies" and "Legislative Studies", amongst others, and she co-founded and edited "The Harvard International Journal of Press/Politics".

</doc>
<doc id="20856341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856341" title="Cecil Perkins">
Cecil Perkins

Cecil Boyce Perkins (born December 1, 1940 in Baltimore, Maryland) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Perkins played for the New York Yankees in . In 2 career games, he had a 0-1 record with a 9.00 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.
He attended Shepherd College.
Perkins was signed by the Yankees as an amateur free agent in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="20856344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856344" title="Elongate twig ant">
Elongate twig ant

The elongate twig ant, "Pseudomyrmex gracilis", is a large, slender species native to Mexico. The workers are about in length and generally wasp-like in appearance and style of movement. Worker ants are bi-colored; the head and gaster are dark, while the antennae, mouthparts, thorax and legs are dull orange with dark shading. There is one queen per colony. The nests, which are small and contain few ants, are often constructed high up in trees. The ants can sting painfully and they defend their nests vigorously. They often may be seen on vegetation, foraging for live insects or collecting honeydew from sap-sucking insects. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856347" title="Guy Povey">
Guy Povey

Guy Povey (born 25 May 1960 in Birmingham)is a British auto racing driver. He presently drives a BMW M3 E36 in Production Saloons series for his own Povey Motorsport Team. He has also drove in the Britcar 24 Hour race. His previous racing includes motocross and the Uniroyal production saloon championship. Povey won back to back class titles in the BARC/Firestone prodsaloon championship in 1990 and 1991. He entered one round of the 1992 British Touring Car Championship in a BMW M3 for the Techspeed Racing team.

</doc>
<doc id="20856378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856378" title="2002 Pacific Life Open – Men's Singles">
2002 Pacific Life Open – Men's Singles

Andre Agassi was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Michel Kratochvil.
Lleyton Hewitt won in the final 6–1, 6–2 against Tim Henman.

</doc>
<doc id="20856401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856401" title="George B. Chan">
George B. Chan

George B. Chan was an American art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Gaily, Gaily".

</doc>
<doc id="20856403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856403" title="St Ives by-election, 1928">
St Ives by-election, 1928

The St Ives by-election, 1928 was a by-election held on 6 March 1928 for the British House of Commons constituency of St Ives in Cornwall.
Vacancy.
The by-election was caused by the resignation of the sitting Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP) Anthony Hawke on his appointment to be a High Court judge.
Electoral history.
Hawke had first won the seat at the 1922 general election. He lost it to the Liberal candidate Sir Clifford Cory at the 1923 general election when there was also a Labour candidate in the field but won it back from Cory in a straight fight in 1924.
Campaign.
The by-election was a three-cornered contest, though given the electoral history of the seat it was always regarded as a two-horse race between Conservative and Liberal.
The circumstances in which Mrs Runciman came to be selected as Liberal candidate were an issue in the by-election. Her husband, Walter Runciman who was Liberal MP for Swansea West had decided to transfer from Swansea to St Ives at the next general election. When the by-election was caused by Hawke’s resignation, Mrs Runciman was adopted as Liberal candidate to keep the seat warm for her husband. This attracted Tory derision. Apparently Liberal party leader David Lloyd George did not approve of Mrs Runciman’s candidacy and he sent no message of support for her during the by-election. However, Deputy Leader Sir Herbert Samuel did travel to the constituency to speak on her behalf.
Result.
The result was a victory for Mrs Runciman, who overturned Hawke’s majority of 1,247 to win by a majority of 763 votes. 
Mrs Runciman was the third woman parliamentary candidate ever to be elected for the Liberal Party, after Margaret Wintringham and Vera Terrington. On election Mrs Runciman joined her husband in the House of Commons, the first married couple to sit in the House together.
Aftermath.
Mrs. Runciman duly stood down in her husband’s favour at the 1929 general election and he held the seat for the Liberal Party, again defeating Caird. 
Mrs Runciman sought re-election at the General Election of 1929 at the Conservative held seat of Tavistock, but finished second. Rev. Hopkins also moved to contest Penryn & Falmouth and again finished third.
This was seen as one of the two ‘warming pan’ by-elections in the 1924-1929 Parliament, with Hugh Dalton's wife successfully contested the 1929 Bishop Auckland by-election with her husband contesting it at the 1929 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20856409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856409" title="INGRA (construction company)">
INGRA (construction company)

INGRA d.d. is a Croatian construction company. Founded in 1955, INGRA has carried out work in more than 30 countries on more than 100 power supply facilities such as hydroelectric power plants, dams and pumping stations, and more than 700 projects such as factories, hotels, tourist complexes, hospitals, bridges and roads.
INGRA has operated as a joint stock company since 1990. As well as the investment construction which it has carried out since its founding, it has expanded its activities to include the construction of residential buildings, tourism – especially nautical tourism, road construction, and ancillary activities.
INGRA is based in Zagreb, Croatia, with offices in Algeria, Germany and Bosnia and Herzegovina. , the company's Chairman of the Board is Igor Oppenheim.

</doc>
<doc id="20856424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856424" title="Marinelli Creek">
Marinelli Creek

Marinelli Creek is a watercourse whose headwaters emerge from the melting of Marinelli Glacier in Tierra del Fuego, Chile. Marinelli Creek discharges to Ainsworth Bay, a notable inlet along the Almirantazgo Fjord. The Marinelli Glacier has been in a state of retreat since at least 1943, and the retreat continues to the present time of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20856451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856451" title="Río Negro, Guatemala">
Río Negro, Guatemala

Río Negro is a city in Baja Verapaz, Guatemala. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856455" title="Nevus lipomatosus superficialis">
Nevus lipomatosus superficialis

Nevus lipomatosus superficialis (also known as "Nevus lipomatosis of Hoffman and Zurhelle") is characterized by soft, yellowish papules or cerebriform plaques, usually of the buttock or thigh, less often of the ear or scalp, with a wrinkled rather than warty surface.

</doc>
<doc id="20856458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856458" title="Thad Tillotson">
Thad Tillotson

Thaddeus Asa Tillotson (December 20, 1940 – May 16, 2012) was a relief pitcher in Major League Baseball pitcher. Listed at 6' 2", 195 lb., Tillotson batted and threw right handed. He was born in Merced, California.
Tillotson played for the New York Yankees in and . He also played one season in Japan for the Nankai Hawks in . 
Tillotson was originally signed by the Los Angeles Dodgers as an amateur free agent in 1960. In 50 career games, he had a 4–9 record with a 4.06 earned run average.

</doc>
<doc id="20856469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856469" title="Carl Biddiscombe">
Carl Biddiscombe

Carl Francis Biddiscombe (June 22, 1924 – November 4, 2000) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Biddiscombe was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20856475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856475" title="Joyce Cave">
Joyce Cave

Joyce Irene Cave (2 June 1902 – 13 March 1953) was an English squash player who won the inaugural women's British Open tournament in 1922, defeating Nancy Cave in the final 11–15, 15–10, 15–9. She also won the tournament in 1925 and 1929, defeating Nancy Cave and Cecily Fenwick respectively in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20856481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856481" title="Andrew Friberg Three-Decker">
Andrew Friberg Three-Decker

The Andrew Friberg Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 26 Ames Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1928 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20856487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856487" title="Angiolymphoid hyperplasia with eosinophilia">
Angiolymphoid hyperplasia with eosinophilia

Angiolymphoid hyperplasia with eosinophilia (also known as: "Epithelioid hemangioma," "Histiocytoid hemangioma," "Inflammatory angiomatous nodule," "Intravenous atypical vascular proliferation," "Papular angioplasia," "Inflammatory arteriovenous hemangioma," and "Pseudopyogenic granuloma") usually presents with pink to red-brown, dome-shaped, dermal papules or nodules of the head or neck, especially about the ears and on the scalp.

</doc>
<doc id="20856488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856488" title="Umqombothi (song)">
Umqombothi (song)

"Umqombothi" ("African Beer") () is a song famously performed by South African singer Yvonne Chaka Chaka. It was composed by Sello "Chicco" Twala and Attie van Wyk.
Umqombothi, in Xhosa, is a beer commonly found in South Africa made from maize, maize malt, sorghum malt, yeast and water.
"Hotel Rwanda" featured "Umqombothi" in the beginning of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20856506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856506" title="Rasen (TV series)">
Rasen (TV series)


</doc>
<doc id="20856510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856510" title="Oscar Dugey">
Oscar Dugey

Oscar Joseph Dugey (October 25, 1887 – January 1, 1966) was a Major League Baseball player. He played all or part of six seasons in the majors, between and , for the Boston Braves and Philadelphia Phillies. He played mostly at second base, but also appeared in 20 games at third base. Following his playing career, Dugey was a coach for the Braves and Chicago Cubs.

</doc>
