<doc id="20920746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920746" title="Goodbye Paradise">
Goodbye Paradise

Goodbye Paradise is a 1983 Australian film directed by Carl Schultz. The plot centres on Queensland's Gold Coast in the early 1980s, when a disgraced former cop, Michael Stacey (Ray Barrett) writes a book exposing police corruption, does an investigation resulting in 2 murders, exposes a religious cult and watches the army begin a military coup.
Production.
The idea of doing a Raymond Chandler-type story set on the Gold Coast came from Denny Lawrence. His original idea was to have an ex police officer working as a private investigator who investigated a quasi-religious commune run by a charlatan that ended with the deaths of man of the communes followers. Then the Jonestown Massacre happened and Lawrence backed away from this idea. He then pitched the idea to Bob Ellis, who liked it and the two of them agreed to work together. They always envisioned Ray Barrett in the lead role as the private eye Stacey and the three of them got some money from the NSW Film Corporation to go up to Surfers Paradise for a week to research and write the script. Many of Ray Barrett's characteristics found their way into the character of Stacey. Barrett:
Bob is a great observer, and when I finally read the script, I thought "You bugger; you've observed Barrett!" But I didn't mind. I was flattered because Stacey is a living person. He is a failure, really, but a loveable failure; a kind man at heart. Yet everything's slipped by him and he hasn't achieved the things he's wanted to. The character relates to a lot of people, including myself. Bob's put the finger on it. He's brilliant.
According to Lawrence, he was more interested in a genre piece whereas Ellis tried to incorporate his personal politics, but the collaboration was a successful one and the two men would work again many times in the following years. 
Ellis and Lawrence insisted that Carl Schultz direct. The movie was shot in the winter of 1981 in and around Surfers Paradise over eight weeks.
The character of Quiney was meant to be played by Anthony Quayle but Guy Doleman was cast instead.
Awards.
The film was nominated for 4 AFI Awards, won in the Best Actor in the Lead Role (Ray Barrett) and Best Screenplay, Original or Adapted (Bob Ellis, Denny Lawrence) categories. John Seale won the Cinematographer of the Year award of the Australian Cinematographers Society.
Sequel.
Bob Ellis and Denny Lawrence wrote a sequel for the film called "Goodbye Adelaide". The plot involved Stacy finishing the book he is writing in the first movie and visiting the Adelaide Festival to promote it, where he is caught up in an attempted defection by a Russian. However, the movie was never made.

</doc>
<doc id="20920784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920784" title="Al Zupek">
Al Zupek

Albert Ernest Zupek (January 12, 1922 - June 16, 1980) was a fullback in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers. Zupek played collegiate ball for Lawrence University before playing professionally for one season in 1946. He retired that same season.

</doc>
<doc id="20920785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920785" title="Noakes (surname)">
Noakes (surname)

Noakes is a surname of English origin, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20920814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920814" title="Theodor Weber">
Theodor Weber

Theodor Weber (January 28, 1836, Zülpich, Rhine Province - January 12, 1906) was a German theologian and professor of philosophy.
Biography.
Weber was born in Zülpich. He was the second bishop of the German Old Catholic Church, and one of the more important followers of Anton Günther's philosophy.
In 1858 he obtained his doctorate of philosophy at the University of Bonn under the tutelage of Franz Peter Knoodt (1811-1889). In 1860 he received his ordination in Breslau, and from 1862 to 1864 was a schoolteacher in the town of Sagan. In 1868 he received his habilitation, later serving as a professor of philosophy at the University of Breslau (1872 to 1890).
In 1890 he relocated to Bonn, where he was named vicar-general by Joseph Hubert Reinkens (1821-1896). In 1896 he succeeded Reinkens as bishop of the German Old Catholic Church.
Works.
Among his better known writings are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20920821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920821" title="RVNS Tran Binh Trong (HQ-05)">
RVNS Tran Binh Trong (HQ-05)

RVNS "Trần Bình Trọng" (HQ-05) was a South Vietnamese frigate of the Republic of Vietnam Navy in commission from 1971 to 1975. She and her six sister ships were the largest South Vietnamese naval ships of their time.
History.
Construction and United States Navy service 1944-1946.
"Trần Bình Trọng" was built in the United States by Lake Washington Shipyard at Houghton, Washington, as the United States Navy "Barnegat"-class seaplane tender . Commissioned in October 1944, "Castle Rock" served in the Central Pacific during and after World War II. She was decommissioned in August 1946 and placed in reserve.
United States Coast Guard service 1949-1971.
In 1948, the U.S. Navy loaned "Castle Rock" to the United States Coast Guard, which commissioned her that year as the cutter USCGC "Castle Rock" (WAVP-383). She was later reclassified as a high endurance cutter and redesignated WHEC-383. While in Coast Guard service, her primary duty was to patrol ocean stations, reporting weather data and engaging in search-and-rescue and law-enforcement operations. She also performed combat duty in the Vietnam War for a few months in 1971.
Republic of Vietnam Navy service 1971-1975.
Acquisition and operations.
After her antisubmarine warfare equipment had been removed, "Castle Rock" was transferred to South Vietnam on 21 December 1971 and was commissioned into the Republic of Vietnam Navy as the frigate RVNS "Trần Bình Trọng" (HQ-05) By mid-1972, six other former "Casco"-class cutters also were in South Vietnamese service. They were the largest warships in the South Vietnamese inventory, and their 5-inch (127-millimeter) guns were South Vietnam's largest naval guns. "Tran Quang Khai" and her sisters fought alongside U.S. Navy ships during the final years of the Vietnam War, patrolling the South Vietnamese coast and providing gunfire support to South Vietnamese forces ashore.
The Battle of the Paracel Islands.
Possession of the Paracel Islands had long been disputed between South Vietnam and the People's Republic of China. With South Vietnamese forces stationed on the islands drawing down because they were needed on the Vietnamese mainland in the war with North Vietnam, China took advantage of the situation to send forces to seize the islands.
On 16 January 1974, the South Vietnamese frigate RVNS "Ly Thuong Kiet" (HQ-16) spotted Chinese forces ashore on the islands. Both "Ly Thuong Kiet" and the Chinese ordered one another to withdraw, and neither side did. Reinforcements arrived for both sides over the next three days, including "Trần Bình Trọng", which appeared on the scene on 18 January 1974 with the commander of the Republic of Vietnam Navy, Captain Hà Văn Ngạc, aboard.
By the morning of 19 January 1974, the Chinese had four corvettes and two submarine chasers at the Paracels, while the South Vietnamese had "Trần Bình Trọng", "Ly Thuong Kiet", frigate RVNS "Trần Khánh Dư" (HQ-4), and corvette RVNS "Nhật Tảo" (HQ-10) on the scene. "Trần Bình Trọng" landed South Vietnamese troops on Duncan Island (or Quang Hoa in Vietnamese), and they were driven off by Chinese gunfire. The South Vietnamese ships opened fire on the Chinese ships at 10:24 hours, and the 40-minute Battle of the Paracel Islands ensued. Not equipped or trained for open-ocean combat and outgunned, the South Vietnamese ships were forced to withdraw. "Nhật Tảo" was sunk, and the other three South Vietnamese ships all suffered damage; Chinese losses were more difficult to ascertain, but certainly most or all of them suffered damage and one or two may have sunk.
The Chinese seized the islands the next day, and they have remained under Chinese control ever since.
Flight to the Philippines.
When South Vietnam collapsed at the end of the Vietnam War in late April 1975, "Trần Bình Trọng" became a ship without a country. She fled to Subic Bay in the Philippines, packed with South Vietnamese refugees. On 22 May 1975 and 23 May 1975, a U.S. Coast Guard team inspected "Trần Bình Trọng" and five of her sister ships, which also had fled to the Philippines in April 1975. One of the inspectors noted: "These vessels brought in several hundred refugees and are generally rat-infested. They are in a filthy, deplorable condition. Below decks generally would compare with a garbage scow."
After "Trần Bình Trọng" had been cleaned and repaired, the United States formally transferred her to the Republic of the Philippines on 5 April 1976.
Philippine Navy service 1976-1985.
The ship was commissioned into the Philippine Navy as frigate BRP "Francisco Dagohoy" (PF-10) on 23 June 1979. She was decommissioned in June 1985, and was discarded in March 1993, probably scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="20920835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920835" title="Yuji Ishikawa">
Yuji Ishikawa


</doc>
<doc id="20920840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920840" title="Hand of Fate">
Hand of Fate

Hand of Fate is the fourth album by artist Amanda Perez, released on October 13, 2007. Amanda Perez released two songs related to the album, "Radio" and "Don't Wanna Love You", on her personal Myspace page.

</doc>
<doc id="20920866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920866" title="SX-10">
SX-10

SX-10 is an American rap metal band formed in 1996 by rapper Sen Dog.
History.
SX-10 was formed in 1996 in Los Angeles, California by Cypress Hill member Sen Dog. According to Sen Dog, SX-10 was formed because he had wanted to perform a different style of music. SX-10 released its debut album, "Mad Dog American", on June 6, 2000. It featured guest appearances by DJ Muggs, Everlast, Mellow Man Ace, Eric Bobo and Kottonmouth Kings. Allmusic reviewer John Young wrote that "The band sounds like a stripped-down, unambitious Rage Against the Machine -- and though this couldn't have been the intention, for better or worse, SX-10 is more enjoyable than most of the Cypress Hill you're likely to hear." Members Andy Zambrano and Jeremy Fleener also performed on Cypress Hill's 2001 album "Stoned Raiders". In 2006, Sen Dog stated that SX-10 would be working on a second album.

</doc>
<doc id="20920874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920874" title="Kirton Huggins">
Kirton Huggins

Captain Kirton Huggins, ED, psc is director of the Strategic Project Management Office.
Huggins is a former Commanding Officer of the Trinidad and Tobago Coast Guard (COTTCG). Prior to that he was Executive Officer of the Trinidad and Tobago Coast Guard (XOTTCG), assuming the position from XOTTCG J Ramoutar on June 14, 2005. Huggins was once assigned as the Procurement Officer of the Coast Guard.
Coast Guard Career.
After attending basic training at Staubles Bay in Chaguaramas in 1978, his first duty station was to a patrol boat.
Academic Degrees.
Commander Huggins' educational accomplishments include a Bachelor of Science Degree "magna cum laude" from University of the West Indies.
Personal.
Commander Huggins is married and has three children. He has been installed as Vice President, Lions Club of Port of Spain Central for the fiscal year 2009/2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="20920884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920884" title="Stars in My Crown">
Stars in My Crown

Stars in My Crown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20920888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920888" title="Naoya Shibamura">
Naoya Shibamura

Shibamura previously played for Avispa Fukuoka, Tokushima Vortis and Gainare Tottori in the J. League. In March, 2011 he signed a contract with the Latvian Higher League club FK Ventspils for one season. 2012 he signed a contract with the Uzbek Higher League club FC Pakhtakor Tashkent, and become first Japan player in Uzbekistan.

</doc>
<doc id="20920891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920891" title="Crimes Act 1961">
Crimes Act 1961

The Crimes Act 1961 is an Act of the Parliament of New Zealand that forms a leading part of the criminal law in New Zealand. It repeals the Crimes Act 1908, itself a successor of the Criminal Code Act 1893, and partially codifies the criminal law in New Zealand. Most crimes in New Zealand are created by the Crimes Act, although some are created elsewhere. All common law offences are abolished by section 9, as are all offences against Acts of the British Parliaments, although section 20 saves the old common law defences where they are not specifically altered.
The Act is administered by the Ministry of Justice.
Amendments and failed amendments.
Section 14 of the Crimes Act 1961 allowed death sentences. However, due to growing general public opposition to the death penalty, reformist New Zealand National Party Minister of Justice Ralph Hanan and other National MPs exercised a conscience vote and voted with the abolitionist New Zealand Labour Party to forbid judges passing sentence of death other than in cases of treason. This was the functional abolition in New Zealand, with no one executed after this date. In 1989, the death penalty was formally abolished by the Fourth Labour Government.
Section 187A of the Crimes Act was inserted in 1978. It provides access criteria for abortion in New Zealand and is the subject of perennial debates between the Abortion Law Reform Association of New Zealand (pro-choice) and the New Zealand anti-abortion movement over greater restriction, maintenance and complete decriminalisation of abortion.
The Homosexual Law Reform Act 1986 amended the Crimes Act, allowing for consensual homosexual relationships between men.
In 2003, the Prostitution Law Reform Act 2003 decriminalised sex work, removing sections 147-149A of the Crimes Act, which had formerly prohibited most forms of prostitution in New Zealand through maintaining criminal penalties against soliciting, living off the proceeds of sex work, brothel-keeping and managing sex workers.
The Crimes (Substituted Section 59) Amendment Act 2007 abolished Section 59 of the Crimes Act, which had previously allowed parental corporal punishment of children, despite opposition from religious social conservatives and others.
Sections 50 and 169 dealt with the provocation defense, the so-called "gay panic" defence. Often used by killers of gay men to avoid murder convictions, it was abolished through multipartisan consent in 2009. The only party not to support this was ACT New Zealand, acting under the advice of ACT MP, lawyer, and criminal David Garrett.
Section 123 of the Crimes Act deals with blasphemy. Unlike the United Kingdom, New Zealand has not yet abolished this moribund "offence". In practise, charges can only be brought through permission of the New Zealand Solicitor-General, which is usually not forthcoming, given modern religious pluralism and free speech sensibilities.
Section 144A of the Crimes Act deals with New Zealand citizens and ordinary residents that commit acts of child sexual abuse in overseas jurisdictions through child sex tourism. It applies existing prohibitions against sexual connection and indecent acts with children under twelve and young people to children within overseas jurisdictions. Under Section 144C, it is also illegal to promote child sex tourism overseas from New Zealand.
Section 204A outlaws female genital mutilation within New Zealand, while Section 204B deals with ancillary and related offences.
There have been two attempts thus far to introduce regulated euthanasia in New Zealand through abolition of Section 179 of the Crimes Act 1961 and replacement with a liberalised regulatory regime, in 1995 and 2003. Both failed.

</doc>
<doc id="20920902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920902" title="Panicum turgidum">
Panicum turgidum

Panicum turgidum is an old world clumping desert bunchgrass of the "Panicum" genus.
Distribution.
It is common across the Sahara and Arabia, from Senegal to Pakistan, and known by the a number of common names, most widely as Taman, tuman, or thaman in Egypt and Arabia; merkba or markouba in Mauritaina and some Saharan Arabics; and afezu in Tamachek. Other common names include guinchi (eastern Sahara) and du-ghasi (Somalia).
Description.
"Panicum turgidum" is a perennial bunchgrass, growing in dense bushes up to tall. It has roots at the nodes which are covered in hairs to which fine sand adheres creating a felty appearance. 
It is drought- and salt-tolerant and used for flour, fodder, thatch and erosion control.
Ecology.
In the Nigerien Sahara, tussocks of "Panicum turgidum" act as a nurse plants for tree regeneration. They have been shown facilitating the regeneration of "Acacia tortilis" subsp. "raddiana" by protecting seedlings from drought and domestic herbivory. Accordingly, transplanting seedlings of Saharan trees inside "Panicum"’s tussocks may promote substantially reforestation in degraded areas on a long-term scale.

</doc>
<doc id="20920905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920905" title="List of civil parishes of County Antrim">
List of civil parishes of County Antrim

In Ireland Counties are divided into civil parishes and parishes are further divided into townlands. The following is a list of civil parishes in County Antrim, Northern Ireland:
A.
Aghagallon, Aghalee, Ahoghill, Antrim, Ardclinis, Armoy
B.
Ballinderry, Ballintoy, Ballyclug, Ballycor, Ballylinny, Ballymartin, Ballymoney, Ballynure, Ballyrashane, Ballyscullion, Ballywillin, Billy, Blaris
C.
Camlin, Carncastle, Carnmoney, Carrickfergus or St. Nicholas', Connor, Craigs, Cranfield, Culfeightrin
D.
Derryaghy (aka Derriaghy), Derrykeighan, Donegore, Drumbeg, Drummaul, Dunaghy, Duneane, Dunluce
F.
Finvoy
G.
Glenavy, Glenwhirry, Glynn, Grange of Doagh, Grange of Drumtullagh, Grange of Dundermot, Grange of Inispollan, Grange of Killyglen, Grange of Layd, Grange of Muckamore, Grange of Nilteen, Grange of Scullion, Grange of Shilvodan
I.
Inver, Island Magee
K.
Kilbride, Kildollagh, Killagan, Killead, Kilraghts, Kilroot, Kilwaughter, Kirkinriola
L.
Lambeg, Larne, Layd, Loughguile
M.
Magheragall, Magheramesk
N.
Newtown Crommelin
P.
Portglenone
R.
Racavan, Raloo, Ramoan, Rasharkin, Rashee, Rathlin Island
S.
Shankill, Skerry
T.
Templecorran, Templepatrick, Tickmacrevan, Tullyrusk

</doc>
<doc id="20920938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920938" title="2009 Liga Panameña de Fútbol season">
2009 Liga Panameña de Fútbol season

The 2009 Liga Panameña de Fútbol season was the 22nd season of top-flight football in Panama.
Apertura I.
Final round.
Semifinals.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
San Francisco qualified for 2009–10 CONCACAF Champions League.
Apertura II.
The Apertura II (officially the 2009 Copa Digicel Apertura for sponsorship reasons) was the second tournament of the season. It started August 8 and ended on December 13. Árabe Unido were crowned champions of the Liga Panameña de Fútbol for the fifth time after beating Tauro 3-2 in the final. With this win Árabe Unido earned a spot in the 2010–11 CONCACAF Champions League.
Final round.
Semifinals.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Árabe Unido qualified for 2010–11 CONCACAF Champions League.
Relegation table.
For the second year in a row, Alianza had the least amount of points at the end of the season and had to face Liga Nacional de Ascenso champion Río Abajo. Just as last year, Alianza defeated Río Abajo and stayed in the LPF.
"Pink indicates relegation playoff"

</doc>
<doc id="20920946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920946" title="List of bridges in Florida">
List of bridges in Florida

The U.S. state of Florida is a peninsula with many bridges. The longest bridge in the state, the Seven Mile Bridge of the Florida Keys, the eighth-largest bridge in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20920973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920973" title="Shogo Nishikawa">
Shogo Nishikawa

Career statistics.
Last update: 23 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20920979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920979" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Dinwiddie County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dinwiddie County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Dinwiddie County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20920999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20920999" title="National Weather Service Training Center">
National Weather Service Training Center

Located in Kansas City, Missouri, the National Weather Service Training Center (NWSTC) is an integral component of the National Weather Service Mission by providing training to NOAA/NWS employees in the areas of equipment (operations, maintenance and repair), management, meteorology, hydrology, systems support, and related activities. NWSTC's staff develop and deliver courses in a number of formats including residence classes and workshops, web-based and computer-based self-study tutorials, teletraining (interactive web delivery), and work aides.
In addition, NWSTC staff provides consulting services, research and development, technical and operational documentation assistance, and system deployment support. Also, the NWSTC Leadership Academy offers leadership training to all federal agencies. 
NWSTC's goal is to teach job-specific and practical skills; integrate systems so the whole, instead of individual parts of the problem, can be recognized; emulate the NWS working field environment; and provide students the ability to work and experiment with concepts or equipment as part of learning.
NWSTC's Mission is to align the training of NOAA/NWS employees with the advancement of science and technology for NOAA to earn the public's trust and perform with service-based excellence.

</doc>
<doc id="20921027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921027" title="Magic of Faerûn">
Magic of Faerûn

Magic of Faerûn is an accessory for the fictional Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the 3rd edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
Contents.
This 192-page book begins with a one-page introduction written from the perspective of the fictional character Khelben "Blackstaff" Arunsun. Chapter 1: "Understanding Magic", on pages 4–11, describes the nature of magic in the Realms, including the deities who most represent magic: Mystryl, Mystra, and Midnight, Azuth, Savras, Shar, and Velsharoon. This chapter also defines the terminology of magic, and explains the Weave—the barrier and gate between raw magic and the world. Chapter 2: "Magic Variants", on pages 12–19, presents several forms of magic beyond the standard type, including elemental magic, elven high magic, gem magic, the mageduel, moonfire, rune magic, spellfire, and spellpools. Chapter 3: "Practitioners of Magic", on pages 20–41, gives information in increasing a player character's abilities, including new skills and feats, and ten new prestige classes. Chapter 4: "Places of Power", on pages 42–67, describes exotic places to explore, including natural sites (mystic maelstroms, sparks, fey mounds, boomshroom patches, doom pits), magically enhanced sites (crossroads and backroads, mythals), nature venerated (ranger guilds, druidic circles), places of prayer (destinations of pilgrimage, monasteries, shrines, small chapels, rural churches, mid-sized churches, city churches, large or fortified cathedrals), bastions of the arcane (bardic colleges, wizard's guilds, mage fairs), and the magic item trade (the open market, specialty shops, the black market, trade wizards, antimagic organizations). Chapter 5: "Spells", on pages 68–135, contains a spell list for several spellcasting classes, and presents over 130 magic spells. Chapter 6: "Magic Items", on pages 136-181, presents hundreds of magic items, as well as sections on spellbooks, creating magic items, and extraordinary natural items. Chapter 7: "Creatures", on pages 182-190, present statistics for six monsters. Lastly, pages 190-191 are an index to the topics in this book.
Publication history.
The book was published in 2001, and was written by Sean K. Reynolds, Duane Maxwell, and Angel Leigh McCoy, with cover art by Justin Sweet and interior art by Carlo Arellano, Ted Beargeon, Carl Critchlow, Michael Dubisch, and Brian Snoddy.
Reception.
The reviewer from "Pyramid" felt that the "meat of the book for some would be chapter three where new feats and prestige classes are detailed" but noted that there was some "duplicate creep" of content from books that were still available.
In a review for RPGnet, Alan D. Kohler was impressed with the spells section as it was both large and inclusive. The reviewer pointed out that a lot of them were updates of old Forgotten Realms spells, and he was rather disappointed with the amount of reprinted material in the book.

</doc>
<doc id="20921034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921034" title="Salvia carduacea">
Salvia carduacea

Salvia carduacea (Thistle sage) is a herbaceous perennial shrub native to California and Baja California, found up to 1400 m elevation. It responds drastically to its environment, growing anywhere from 15 cm to 1 m in height. The wooly white basal leaves resemble a thistle's, with long spines, while the flowers grow in whorls on calyces that are wooly and spiny. The flowers are a vibrant lavender with bright orange anthers. The foliage is pungent, with a scent similar to citronella.

</doc>
<doc id="20921047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921047" title="Flxible Metro">
Flxible Metro

The Flxible Metro is a transit bus that was assembled and manufactured by the Flxible Corporation from 1983 until 1996. From 1978 until 1982, when Flxible was owned by Grumman, the model was known as the Grumman 870, with a Grumman nameplate.
History.
Under the ownership of Rohr Industries since 1970, while their very popular Flxible New Look was still in production, Rohr began development of what would become the "Grumman 870 Advanced Design Bus". The Grumman 870 bus was one of two advanced-design buses (the other being the Rapid Transit Series (RTS II) developed by rival General Motors and later taken by MTS). Both models were compromises by the Urban Mass Transit Administration (UMTA), which sought to develop a "Transbus" design that would be "attractive, roomy, comfortable", and easier for elderly and disabled customers to board, accepting these two models as compromises. At the time, the federal government would subsidize the purchase of only the 870 or the RTS II.
In 1978, Rohr sold Flxible to Grumman for US$55 million, with the sale including the sale of two prototypes of what would become the 870. In spite of the fact that the second prototype failed testing as the result of a cracked frame, and with an endurance test not yet performed, Grumman decided that the 870 was ready for production, and discontinued the Flxible New Look almost as soon as the purchase closed (more in "Litigation resulting" below). The first 870 rolled off the assembly line in spring 1978. Under Grumman ownership, Grumman-Flxible (as the company was called at the time) received a major order of buses from the New York City Transit Authority along with other agencies. The NYC Transit Authority order, built in 1980, is notable because this batch would expose the design flaw in A-frame noted during testing: the inability of the bus to withstand wear and tear in cities where potholes were a problem, forcing all 870s built until that time to be taken out of service beginning that December while repairs to the A-frame were made, which would cost Grumman $7 million to fix. A total of 2,656 buses, including buses in Chicago, Houston, and Los Angeles needed to be fixed. Eventually, Grumman would be forced to sell the line to General Automotive Corporation in 1983 for $41 million, a 25 percent loss.
Under the ownership of General Automotive, the Flxible nameplate was restored to the buses. Production would continue until 1996, when Flxible was forced into Chapter 11 bankruptcy and liquidated, a move which would force General Automotive into bankruptcy the following year. The last Flxible Metros were produced in summer 1996.
Litigation resulting.
The Grumman era of production would result in a number of lawsuits related to defects in the A-frame of the 870, involving either Flxible's former owner Rohr or the Metropolitan Transportation Authority of New York.
Model history.
The model history of the Grumman 870/Flxible Metro is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20921049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921049" title="David Cherrill">
David Cherrill

David Cherrill (born 23 December 1941) is an American television writer and director.
Awards and nominations.
He's been nominated for 6 Daytime Emmy Awards (1985, 1989, 1994–1996 and 2002); winning in 1994, and a Writers Guild of America Award. His first nomination was shared with Gary Tomlin,
Samuel D. Ratcliffe,
Judith Donato,
Richard Culliton,
Judith Pinsker,
Frances Myers,
Roger Newman,
Carolyn Culliton,
David Colson,
Lloyd Gold, and
Cynthia Saltzman

</doc>
<doc id="20921084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921084" title="Every Silver Lining Has a Cloud">
Every Silver Lining Has a Cloud

Every Silver Lining Has a Cloud is an album by painter Julian Schnabel, recorded in 1993 and released in 1995 on Island Records. The majority of the album was written by Schnabel himself with most lyrics dealing with love.
Though recorded by an all-star ensemble including Bill Laswell and some of Laswell's most illustrious friends (Buckethead, Bernie Worrell, Nicky Skopelitis and Anton Fier), the release received mixed reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="20921108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921108" title="Panther Stadium (Birmingham–Southern)">
Panther Stadium (Birmingham–Southern)

Panther Stadium is located in Birmingham, Alabama, and serves as the home stadium for the Birmingham–Southern Panthers football, lacrosse, cross country, and track and field teams. The stadium has a maximum seating capacity of 1,600, and opened for the homecoming football game against on November 8, 2008. The 49-0 Panthers victory saw an overflow crowd of 3,575 in attendance.
Panther Stadium serves as a replacement for the Munger Bowl, which was located on-campus and subsequently demolished in the 1960s to make way for campus expansion.

</doc>
<doc id="20921109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921109" title="Glycol distearate">
Glycol distearate

Glycol distearate is a chemical compound used as an emollient in cosmetics and other consumer products. It is the diester of ethylene glycol and stearic acid.

</doc>
<doc id="20921117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921117" title="Al Rose">
Al Rose

Alfred Grady Rose (January 26, 1905 – October 1985) was a tight end in the National Football League who played for the Providence Steam Roller and the Green Bay Packers. Rose played collegiate ball for the University of Texas before playing professionally for 7 seasons. He retired after the 1936 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20921167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921167" title="Alex Hilton">
Alex Hilton

Alex Hilton is a retired Canadian boxer from a famous boxing family in Montreal. Son of Dave Hilton, Sr. and a former Canadian middleweight champion, he is also known for his multiple encounters with the law.
Hilton won the vacant Canadian middleweight title at age 18 in December 1983, defeating Ralph Hollett of Halifax. He was stripped of the title by the Canadian Professional Boxing Federation in January 1985, after failing to meet a deadline to defend his championship against Michael Olajide Jr. He announced his retirement in 2004.
Described as the "enfant terrible" of his family in a 1986 "Toronto Star" article, Hilton was arrested several times on various charges during the mid-1980s. He received a five-year sentence in 1988 for ordering the sexual assault of another inmate while serving time for a separate offense. He later expressed regret for this period in his life, and said in a 2002 interview that he was "trying to live on the straight and narrow". His legal problems continued in later years, however, and he was sentenced to six months in prison in late 2007 for assaulting and threatening a police officer and for breach of probation.

</doc>
<doc id="20921173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921173" title="The Age of Insects">
The Age of Insects

The Age of Insects is a 1990 American film directed and written by Eric Marciano (Marano).
Overview.
This film was Marciano's first feature film. Influenced by B-movies and bad television shows from the 1950s and 1960s, this psycho-horror comedy delivers a sublime and strange account of a mad doctor's hallucinogenic treatments for bad boys.
Filmed from 1893 to 1990 in New York City in a wild mix of Super 8, 16 mm, 35mm film, Hi8, 3/4" and BetaCam video formats, all before it was fashionable or for that matter even possible; The Age of Insects has a timeless visual quality, as well as an eternal bizarreness.(1)
Written by Marciano and the Club 57 alumni Andy Rees it has a definite feel of the East Village of the early 1980s.
The film stars: Jack Ramey, Lisa Zane, K.C. Townshend, Louis Homyak, Dallas Munroe, Heather Woodbury
and David Ilku. Many the cast would go on to eclectic careers as poets, performance artists and 
Hollywood actors. Sadly, others would die in the AIDS epidemic.
In 2007 a succinct and extensive story of how the film came to be was published in "Gods in Spandex or a Survivors' Account of 80's Cinema Obscura" by Suzanna Donahue and Mikael Sovijarvi.
Reviews.
"Coupled with the extensive use of creepy-crawly insect footage and computerized sexual imagery, director Marciano's darkly comic vision is sublime fun."—David E. Williams, Film Threat, April 1992
<br>
"This movie is the Citizen Kane of underground films--
intelligent, funny, engrossing."—Joe Bob Briggs, January 24, 1994
External links.
(1)http://joebobbriggs.com/index.php?/age-of-the-insects.html

</doc>
<doc id="20921174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921174" title="Fluorotelomer alcohol">
Fluorotelomer alcohol

Fluorotelomer alcohols, or FTOHs, are fluorotelomers with an alcohol functional group. They are volatile precursors to perfluorinated carboxylic acids, such as PFOA and PFNA, and other compounds.
Naming.
Commonly, an individual fluorotelomer alcohol molecule is named by the number of carbons that are fluorinated versus the number that are hydrocarbon-based. For example, 8:2 fluorotelomer alcohol would represent a molecule with 8 fluorinated carbons and a 2 carbon ethyl alcohol group. The structure of a fluorotelomer alcohol is most commonly F(CF2)nCH2CH2OH, where "n" is an even number.
Chemistry and economic concerns.
The synthesis of fluorotelomer alcohols requires a varying number of tetrafluoroethylene monomers that form an oligomer with a pentafluoroethyl iodide telogen. The fluorinated iodide then undergoes an addition with ethylene to form an organoiodine compound with increased synthesis possibilities. The terminal iodine is replaced by a hydroxyl group to yield the fluorotelomer alcohol. Then the fluorotelomer alcohol can then be used to produce acrylate polymers with hydrocarbon "backbones" with the fluorotelomer alcohols attached via ester functional groups. However, because ester groups are vulnerable to hydrolysis and microbial enzymes, these polymers are under investigation for their potential to degrade into environmental contaminants, threatening "the future of some carpet and fabric stain repellants and paper coatings made from these polymers." FTOHs can also be used as intermediates in the production of surfactants.
Environmental and health concerns.
Fluorotelomer alcohols are volatile and widely detected in air. Fluorotelomer alcohols can biodegrade to perfluorinated carboxylic acids that persist in the environment and are found in the blood serum of populations and wildlife, such as the toxic PFOA and PFNA. The fluorotelomer alcohols 6:2 FTOH and 8:2 FTOH have been found to be estrogenic. 
The atmospheric oxidation of fluorotelomer alcohols can also result in anthropogenic perfluorinated carboxylic acids. In addition to perfluorinated carboxylic acids, fluorotelomer alcohols can degrade to form unsaturated carboxylic acids which have been detected in bottlenose dolphins.
Fluorotelomer alcohols such as 4:2 FTOH, 6:2 FTOH, 8:2 FTOH, and 10:2 FTOH, have been identified as residuals in consumer products such as stain repellents, Zonyl FSE, and windshield wash, among others. The United States Environmental Protection Agency has asked eight chemical companies to reduce the amount of residuals, including fluorotelomer alcohols, from products.

</doc>
<doc id="20921175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921175" title="Evelyn Juers">
Evelyn Juers

Evelyn Juers (born 6 March 1950) is an Australian writer and publisher.
Juers was born in Neritz, Germany, moved to Australia in 1960, and has lived in Hamburg, Sydney, London and Geneva. She has a PhD from University of Essex on the Brontës and the practice of biography. As an essayist and an art and literary critic, she has contributed to a wide range of Australian and international publications. With Ivor Indyk, she co-founded the literary magazine "HEAT", and is co-publisher of the Giramondo Publishing company.
"House of Exile".
Her book "House of Exile" (2008), subtitled "The Life and Times of Heinrich Mann and Nelly Kroeger-Mann", is a collective biography. It is based on published sources, interviews and extensive archival research in Europe and America. "House of Exile" was shortlisted for the Victorian Premier's Award for Non-Fiction (Nettie Palmer Prize for Non-fiction), the West Australian Book Awards, the National Biography Award, and the ALS Gold Medal. In 2009 it won the Prime Minister's Literary Awards in the non-fiction category.
"House of Exile" is published in the USA by Farrar, Straus & Giroux, in the UK by Allen Lane /Penguin, in France ("Chemins d’Exil") by Autrement, and in Spain ("La Casa del exilio") by Circe.
In 1933 the author and political activist Heinrich Mann and his partner Nelly Kroeger (later ) fled Nazi Germany, finding refuge first in the south of France and later, in great despair, in Los Angeles, where Nelly committed suicide in 1944 and Heinrich died in 1950. Born into a wealthy middle-class family in Lübeck, Heinrich Mann was one of the leading representatives of Weimar culture. Nelly was twenty seven years younger – the adopted daughter of a fisherman, a hostess in a Berlin bar – as far as his family was concerned, she was from the wrong side of the tracks. Their story is crossed by others from their circle, Heinrich's brother Thomas Mann, his sister Carla, friends Bertolt Brecht, Alfred Döblin, Joseph Roth and Kurt Tucholsky, and beyond them, the writers Egon Kisch and Else Lasker-Schüler, James Joyce, Franz Kafka, Robert Musil, Virginia Woolf and Nettie Palmer among others. In train compartments, ship's cabins and rented rooms, they called upon what was left to them – their bodies, their minds and if they were lucky, their books – and amidst the debris of an era of self-destruction, built their own annexes to the House of Exile.
"Scintillating and rather magical... "House of Exile" is an extraordinary book, and a really rare accomplishment."()
"The Recluse".
"The Recluse" (2012) is a long biographical essay about Eliza Emily Donnithorne, who lived most of her life in isolation in a large house in the Sydney suburb of Newtown. She is thought to have been the model for the character of Miss Havisham in Charles Dickens’ "Great Expectations", who was jilted at the altar, and became a recluse, wearing her wedding dress, and keeping her wedding banquet set, until the day she died. But did it really happen like this? "The Recluse" is the story of Juers’s quest to find the elusive Eliza Donnithorne, who was born in South Africa, and lived in India, England and Australia. It is a lace-work rich in connections and associations, at the heart of which her subject remains, irretrievable and dignified, an assertion of the value of the solitary life.

</doc>
<doc id="20921182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921182" title="CKMT1A">
CKMT1A

Creatine kinase, mitochondrial 1A also known as CKMT1A is one of two genes which encode the ubiquitous mitochondrial creatine kinase (ubiquitous mtCK or CKMT1).
Function.
Mitochondrial creatine (MtCK) kinase is responsible for the transfer of high energy phosphate from mitochondria to the cytosolic carrier, creatine. It belongs to the creatine kinase isoenzyme family. It exists as two isoenzymes, sarcomeric MtCK (CKMT2) and ubiquitous MtCK, encoded by separate genes. Mitochondrial creatine kinase occurs in two different oligomeric forms: dimers and octamers, in contrast to the exclusively dimeric cytosolic creatine kinase isoenzymes. Ubiquitous mitochondrial creatine kinase has 80% homology with the coding exons of sarcomeric mitochondrial creatine kinase. Two genes located near each other on chromosome 15 (CKMT1A (this gene) and CKMT1B) have been identified which encode identical mitochondrial creatine kinase proteins.

</doc>
<doc id="20921202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921202" title="List of civil parishes in Bristol">
List of civil parishes in Bristol

This is a list of civil parishes in the ceremonial county of Bristol, England.
Bristol.
The former Bristol County Borough is unparished.

</doc>
<doc id="20921203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921203" title="Terminal Arcade">
Terminal Arcade

The Terminal Arcade, located on Wabash Avenue in downtown Terre Haute, Indiana, is a Beaux-Arts building on the National Register of Historic Places since June 30, 1983.
The building originally served as the Terre Haute, Indianapolis and Eastern Traction Company interurban station, opening in 1911. It was built on the grounds of the former J. S. Evans and Sons, a bicycle shop. The end of the interurban age came on January 11, 1940, when the track between Terre Haute and Indianapolis was closed, largely the result of automobiles making interurbans superfluous. From December 1, 1949 until 1972 the Arcade served as the city's union bus station.
The Beaux-Arts building is made of terra cotta and brick. It has identical facades on its north and south sides, constructed of limestone and with granite bases. Various designs carved upon the building include lions, garlands, and fruits. The building itself was designed by Daniel H. Burnham of Chicago; the facades were the work of Fred Edler and J. W. Quayle.
The other property in Terre Haute built by the Terre Haute, Indianapolis, and Eastern Traction Company was a power house at the corner of Mulberry and North Water. It was built in 1907 to power the interurbans the Terminal Arcade served, and the 457 miles of track the interurban ran upon. The 1907 lease, under the name of the Terre Haute Traction & Light Company, called for 999 years; interurbans were no more by 1940.
There have been threats to the Terminal Arcade. While mayor of Terre Haute Pete Chalos proposed condemning the building. In 2004, during talks for building a new federal building in Terre Haute, one of the proposals would have included razing the Terminal Arcade and placing the new building on its site.

</doc>
<doc id="20921212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921212" title="Al Sarafiny">
Al Sarafiny

Albert Joseph Sarafiny (September 2, 1906, Caspian, Michigan - February, 1981) was an American football center in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers. Sarafiny played collegiate ball for St. Edward's University before playing professionally for only one season in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="20921221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921221" title="CKM (gene)">
CKM (gene)

Creatine kinase, muscle also known as CKM is a creatine kinase that in humans is encoded by the "CKM" gene.
Structure.
In the figure to the right, the crystal structure of the muscle-type M-CK monomer is shown. In vivo, two such monomers arrange symmetrically to form the active MM-CK enzyme.
Function.
The protein encoded by this gene is a cytoplasmic enzyme involved in cellular energy homeostasis. The encoded protein reversibly catalyzes the transfer of "energy-rich" phosphate between ATP and creatine and between phospho-creatine and ADP. Its functional entity is a MM-CK homodimer in striated (sarcomeric) skeletal and cardiac muscle.
Clinical significance.
In heart, in addition to the MM-CK homodimer also the heterodimer consisting of one muscle (MM-CK) and one brain-type (MB-CK) subunit is expressed. This latter is an important serum marker for myocardial infarction, for it is released from damaged myocardial cells into the blood where it can be detected by clinical chemistry. Since no other organ than cardiac muscle expresses significant levels of MB-CK, this clinical test is still fairly reliable, together with troponin-T, for diagnosing a myocardial infarction.

</doc>
<doc id="20921223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921223" title="CKB (gene)">
CKB (gene)

Brain-type creatine kinase also known as CK-BB is a creatine kinase that in humans is encoded by the "CKB" gene.
Function.
The protein encoded by this gene, CK-BB, consists of a homodimer of two identical brain-type CK-B subunits. BB-CK is a cytoplasmic enzyme involved in cellular energy homeostasis, with certain fractions of the enzyme being bound to cell membranes, ATPases, and a variety of ATP-requiring enzymes in the cell. There, CK-BB forms tightly coupled microcompartments for in situ regeneration of ATP that has been used up. The encoded protein reversibly catalyzes the transfer of "energy-rich" phosphate between ATP and creatine or between phospho-creatine (PCr) and ADP. Its functional entity is a homodimer (CK-BB) in brain and smooth muscle as well as in other tissues and cells such as neuronal cells, retina, kidney, bone, etc. In heart, a heterodimer (CK-MB) consisting of one CK-B brain-type CK subunit and one CK-M muscle-type CK subunit is prominently expressed. The encoded CK-BB and CK-MB proteins are members of the .
Ectopic expression.
Ectopic expression (CKBE) of the B (brain) type of creatine kinase (CK-BB) in red cells and platelets is a rare, benign anomaly detected during a newborn screening program for Duchenne muscular dystrophy.

</doc>
<doc id="20921260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921260" title="Albert Bell (American football)">
Albert Bell (American football)

Albert Bell II (born April 23, 1964) was a wide receiver in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers. Bell played collegiate ball for the University of Alabama before playing professionally for one season in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20921269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921269" title="Devilhead">
Devilhead

Devilhead is an American alternative rock group formed by brothers Kevin and Brian Wood, who were both brothers of Andrew Wood (who was also the singer of his and Kevin's group Malfunkshun), in 1994 in Seattle, Washington following the breakup of their previous group Fire Ants. Both Kevin and Brian were the only permanent members of the group and they released two albums, "Your Ice Cream's Dirty" in 1994 on Loosegroove Records, with album art by Regan Hagar; and "Pest Control" in 1996, which featured a number of contributors including bassist John Waterman and guitarist John McBain, both of the band Hater. They were briefly fronted by Green Apple Quick Step front man Tyler Willman before eventually disbanding.

</doc>
<doc id="20921277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921277" title="Jenifer Fox">
Jenifer Fox

Jenifer Fox (born December 9, 1960) is an American educator, author, and speaker.
She is best known for her work in promoting strengths-based approaches in K-12 schools. In 2008, her book "Your Child's Strengths: Discover Them, Develop Them, Use Them" was published by Viking Press. In 2007, Jenifer traveled around the country on a bus tour with strengths pioneer Marcus Buckingham promoting the Strengths Movement, Buckingham wrote the foreword to Fox's book citing her vision for education as something revolutionary. A Your Child's Strengths is also published in Poland, Japan, China, Indonesia and South Korea. Jenifer Fox is considered the leader of the Strengths Movement in Schools. Fox created a high school curriculum called the Affinities Program and this was changed in 2009 to Strong Planet. Fox also authored The Differentiated Instruction Book of Lists published in 2011 by Jossey-Bass. 
Jenifer Fox is has provided keynote speeches on 21st century education, business and school innovation, and developing children's strengths to over 200 organizations. She has made numerous television and radio appearance as herself speaking on schools, students and leadership. 
Fox holds an undergraduate degree from the University of Wisconsin–Madison and two Masters Degrees: an MA from Middle bury College's Middlebury College’s Bread Loaf School of English and an M.Ed. from Harvard University. In 2011, she became the head of school at the Clariden School in Southlake, Texas.
Born in Milwaukee, WI, Jenifer is the grand niece of renowned circus historian Chappie Fox who is the founder of The Great Circus Parade

</doc>
<doc id="20921278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921278" title="WMVN">
WMVN

WMVN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20921283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921283" title="FitDay">
FitDay

FitDay is an online diet journal or food diary.
History.
FitDay began as a personal computer software application written by two Boston programming entrepreneurs, Jim and Russ Determan (brothers), in 2002.
Subsequently, they launched an internet version of the software on the domain FitDay.com.
Internet Brands acquired FitDay in 2008, though the original programmers continue to lead development of the site. The site operates in Internet Brands' Health category along with health-focused sites such as 3FatChicks, CancerForums.net, and HealthNews.org.
Features.
The purpose of the website and the software is to track calorie consumption, calorie burning, weight loss goals, and various aspects of physical fitness. By entering all food and beverage consumption into the site, users maintain a food diary that tracks variables such as calorie, fat, carbohydrate, mineral, and vitamin intake. The site contains an extensive nutritional values database, and also provides for the tracking physical activity. FitDay Dietitian service was launched in December 2012 contenting members journals to a registered dietitian.
FitDay also offers an affiliate program wherein one can generate revenue by posting links of Fitday's top selling diet and fitness software on his website. Every time someone clicks on one of the links and purchases FitDay, Fitday will pay the referral. The FitDay affiliate program is hosted with ShareASale.com, a leading affiliate management site.

</doc>
<doc id="20921287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921287" title="Bugatti Type 57S Atalante (57502)">
Bugatti Type 57S Atalante (57502)

The Bugatti Type 57S Atalante number 57502 is one of a batch of rare French sports coupes built in 1937 by the Bugatti company, a version of the Bugatti Type 57. Of the 710 "Type 57" cars built, only 43 were "Type 57S" and only 17 of those were produced with the in-house Bugatti Atalante coupe coachwork (not to be confused with the Type 57 "Atlantic" body).
The car with chassis number "57502" (registration "EWS 73", ex-"DYK 5", ex-works-"1127-W5") was rediscovered in 2008 having been stored in a private owner's garage in Gosforth, Newcastle upon Tyne, England, for 48 years, with few people aware of its location. Described as "one of the last great barn discoveries" by classic car experts, it was sold at auction by Bonhams on 7 February 2009. Set at a reserve price of £3 million, due to its low mileage and original condition, it was speculated that it could become the most expensive car ever sold at auction, at around £6 million. These hopes were dashed, however, as it reached £2,989,495 (US$4,408,575).
The car was bought originally by the 5th Earl Howe in 1937 who owned it for eight years. It passed to three intermediate owners before being bought in 1955 by Harold Carr, from Newcastle upon Tyne. He drove it for a few years, then locked it in his garage in 1960, where it was discovered by his family after his death in 2007.
Specification.
Chassis number 57502 was completed at the Bugatti works on 5 May 1937, wearing the works number plate 1127-W5, and then wore the British number plate DYK 5, later being re-registered as EWS 73, the number which it wore on rediscovery. When discovered, 57502 still possessed its original chassis, engine, drive train and body. It had an odometer reading of , described as "remarkably low".
While mostly original, the car as found in 2008 did contain some modifications from the originals. Dating from bespoke modifications made by Earl Howe, the car possessed unique bumpers, rear-view mirrors on the A-pillars, and a luggage rack. In addition, due to the fitting of a Marshall K200 supercharger while it was owned by Mr J P Tingay, the car was with respect to engine power closer to the retrofitted super-charged types, (although the K200 is not the same supercharger used on the original C or SC models however).
According to James Knight of the Bugatti's future auctioneer Bonhams, the rediscovered Bugatti "is incredibly original and, although she requires restoration, it is "restoration" in the true sense of the word...save for some of the interior, all original parts can be restored or conserved in order to maintain originality".
Ownership history.
The car was ordered new from Bugatti by Francis Curzon (1884–1964), the 5th Earl Howe, a former Naval officer and British politician. He took delivery of it on 9 June 1937 from Sorel of London, the UK agents for Bugatti. Curzon was a keen motor racing enthusiast, racing several times in the famous 24 Hours of Le Mans endurance race, winning the 1931 race, and the first president of the British Racing Drivers' Club (BRDC).
The Bugatti was then sold via Continental Cars to a Mr J P Tingay in 1947. A Mr M H Ferguson acquired the Bugatti from Tingay in 1950 and by 1954 it formed part of the collection of Lord Ridley of Northumberland.
In April 1955 Harold Carr paid Jack Barclays £895 for the car ($2,500 US), but drove it for only a few years. Dr Carr then stored the car in a lock up garage after its last tax disc expired in December 1960, where it remained unused and untouched.
Harold Carr.
Harold "Harry" Carr was born in Newcastle in 1917, and died on 14 June 2007, aged 89. Carr gained both medical and engineering degrees, and had worked both as an orthopaedic surgeon and an osteopath, and ran a family wholesalers business in Newcastle, "JJ Macy's". He was described as "generous", "eccentric" and a sort of "mad doctor" by his family. The life of Dr Carr was compared with that of eccentric American millionaire Howard Hughes, due to a passion for machinery, aviation and adventuring, and also due to suffering from obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), which in later life turned him into a recluse. The reasons for Carr storing the car unused for so long was attributed to a hoarding instinct which he had developed and had progressively worsened since the 1950s, due to his OCD. In addition to the Bugatti, the hoarding had led to Carr collecting everything from receipts for pencils to 1,500 German beer steins. His hoarding instinct also meant that the documentary history of the car had been preserved.
Rediscovery.
The car had been stored in a garage in Gosforth. In his later life, Carr's OCD had caused him to become a recluse. After his death, while clearing the garage of his uncle's possessions in 2008, the nephew discovered the Bugatti in the lock up garage, along with a "treasure trove" of cars including a classic Aston Martin and a Jaguar E-type. The Aston was sold while the Jaguar was scrapped due to its condition. According to the nephew, notes found in the garage showed that some people had previously inquired about the car, and had even visited Mr Carr in attempts to buy it from him. According to James Knight of the car's future auctioneer Bonhams, had stated on its discovery, "I have known of this Bugatti for a number of years and, like a select group of others, hadn't dared divulge its whereabouts to anyone." Friends who knew Dr. Carr were reported to have stated that Carr would have known the true value of the car, and that he would never answer the door to collectors who called on him in person, and they would resort to writing offers on notes for neighbours to post through his letter box.
Auction.
Being unmarried and having no children, Carr left his possessions to his nieces and nephews. Other family members had been aware that Dr. Carr had possessed the Bugatti and other cars, but the true value of the car had remained unknown to them, coming as a surprise.
The Carr family instructed the auction house Bonhams to sell the car, with the proceeds to be shared between eight relatives who inherited his estate. It was to form the centrepiece of their sale at the Rétromobile car show in Paris, and be sold on 7 February 2009.
Analysts speculated that the car could sell as high as £6 million, which would have made it the most expensive car ever sold at auction. As of 2005 six of the most expensive cars sold for over £3 million, with the most expensive, a 1931 Bugatti Royale Kellner Coupe sold for £4.87 million in 1987, holding the record for the most expensive car sold at auction, adjusted for inflation. While the car would attract global buyers, opinions were varied in November 2008 as to whether the classic car auction market had been affected by the 2008 recession affecting the United Kingdom economy.
When it came to auction three months later the Carr Bugatti had a reserve price of £3 million, which it failed to meet, falling just short at £2,989,495
(3,417,500 euros, US$4,408,575).
Since the discovery of 57502 other less desirable Type 57S Atalantes have been said to sell for millions in recent years. An Atalante which did not have its original chassis, but was built by combining an Atalante body on a Type 57C chassis, was sold at auction in 2007 for $852,500, from a top estimate of $400,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20921298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921298" title="Abu Khalil Qabbani">
Abu Khalil Qabbani

Abu Khalil Qabbani ( / ALA-LC: "Abū Khalīl al-Qabbānī"; 1835–1902) was a Syrian playwright and composer of Turkish origin. He is considered the founder of the short musical play (the operetta) in Arabic theatre. His play "Abu al-Hassan al-Mughaffal" caused a wave of protest as a result of his mockery of Caliph Harun al-Rashid, and ended with a decree by the Ottoman government to close his theatre and prevent theatrical performances in Syria. Qabbani left for Egypt and produced his plays there until 1900. He returned to Syria and died two years later in 1902. He is considered the "father of Syrian theatre", and has influenced later generations including the famous Duraid Lahham. His brother is the grandfather of Nizar Qabbani.

</doc>
<doc id="20921309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921309" title="Al Romine">
Al Romine

Alton Rollon Romine (born March 10, 1932) is a former gridiron football defensive back and a halfback in the National Football League (NFL), the Canadian Football League (CFL), the Ontario Rugby Football Union (ORFU), and American Football League (AFL). He played for the NFL's Chicago Bears (1955) and Green Bay Packers (1955, 1958); the CFL's Toronto Argonauts (1956) and Ottawa Rough Riders (1959); the ORFU's Kitchener-Waterloo Dutchmen (1957), and the AFL's Denver Broncos (1960) and Boston Patriots (1961). Romine played collegiate ball for the University of North Alabama before playing professionally for 8 seasons. He retired from football in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="20921315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921315" title="Robert Brewer">
Robert Brewer

Robert Brewer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20921317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921317" title="Salvia canariensis">
Salvia canariensis

Salvia canariensis (Canary Island sage) is an erect perennial shrub native to the Canary Islands. It can reach 2-2.3 m in height and 1.5 m width in a single season. The triangular leaves are pale green, and the stems and underside of the leaves are covered with long white hairs. The flowers range from pale purple to deep purple magenta.

</doc>
<doc id="20921337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921337" title="Mad Dog American">
Mad Dog American

Mad Dog American is the debut album of SX-10. Released on June 6, 2000, it features guest appearances by DJ Muggs, Everlast, Mellow Man Ace, Eric Bobo and Kottonmouth Kings. Allmusic reviewer John Young wrote that "The band sounds like a stripped-down, unambitious Rage Against the Machine—and though this couldn't have been the intention, for better or worse, SX-10 is more enjoyable than most of the Cypress Hill you're likely to hear."
The album was reissued in Europe with new artwork and re-titled as "Rhymes in the Chamber" in 2004, on the Music Avenue label.

</doc>
<doc id="20921349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921349" title="Makuleke tribe">
Makuleke tribe

The Makuleke are a Tsonga tribe living in the Pafuri Triangle of South Africa at the conluence of the Luvuvhu river and Limpopo river in what is now the Kruger National Park. The Tsonga-speaking agricultural and fishing tribe settled the area in the early nineteenth century with decentralized homesteads. When the park was created they were exiled outside the gates, but had title to their lands restored as part of post-apartheid restitution laws. There are about 12,000 members of the clan and they are part of an eco-tourism economic development.

</doc>
<doc id="20921352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921352" title="Eugène Ricklin">
Eugène Ricklin

Doctor Eugène Ricklin (1862 – 4 September 1935) was an Alsatian politician.
Biography.
Eugène Ricklin was born in Dannemarie from a sundgauvian hotelier father and an Alsatian mother, "Catherine Kayser". After his secondary education in a school in Belfort, he frequented the colleges of Altkirch and Colmar. He then went to Germany to the east of the Rhine, to Ratisbonne, then Freiburg im Breisgau, München and Erlangen where he studied medicine.
While he showed very young high interest for justice and common man's defense, he was noticed as soon as 29 years old and was offered to join the municipal council of his town. 34 years old, he succeeded to Mr Flury, deseded, and became mayor of "Dannemarie" in 1898. 
Detested by the German authorities because of his outspokenness, following a complaint about an offense to the Kaiser and as a sanction for having claimed the status of "Bundesstaat" ("federal state") for Alsace-Lorraine, he was relieved of his mayor's duties in 1902 and replaced by the notary "Centlivre", then the Germans' man. Nevertheless, Ricklin stayed member of the municipal council until 1908.
In 1896, as Flury's successor, he joined the "Bezirkstag" of Haute-Alsace (of which he became president during the war). In 1900, the "Bezirkstag" sent him to the "Landesausschuss" ("Alsace-Lorraine's parliament") in Strasbourg, in place of the deseded Anton Cassal from Ferrette and, in 1903, he sat in the Reichstag in Berlin, having been elected deputy of the constituency of Thann-Altkirch.
His rise didn't stop there. His authority, his rectitude and his competences made sure, within his party, the Catholic Zentrum ("centre"), respect and consideration from everyone and so that, elected with some of his colleagues of "Zentrum" (which obtained a relative majority) after the first election by universal suffrage for the Landtag in 1911, he could become its first president. The Landtag of Alsace-Lorraine, the only parliamentary institution of Alsatian history, succeeded the only indirectly elected Landesausschuss.
Yet, his relations with the Germans were not the best. Within his family, it happened to be spoken French. Himself stayed faithful to the Alsatian people of which he didn't cease to fervently defend the interests in front of the imperial administration. From this point came his nickname "the Sundgau Lion" (als: "D’r sundgauer Leeb"). Besides, he even refused the "Roter Adlerorden" he was supposed to be awarded.
Before war broke out, he tirelessly worked for the peace preservation and, in 1913 and 1914, went with the abbot Haegy to the interparliamentary peace conferences of Berne and Basel where he met again other active pacifists like Jean Jaurès.
During the war, he was sanctioned and transferred to northern France because he strenuously defended his friend "Médard Brogly" accused of being francophile by a German military court.
Then, the war finishing, while he saw that the full autonomy granted by the Germans was coming too late (1918), he launched the idea of the "Nationalrat" ("National Council") to try to save the Alsatian political assets by means of a negotiation with the French. He took the initiative of its convening for 12 November 1918. Elected president of the "Nationalrat", he proposed to submit to the French authorities' acceptance a text where would be guaranteed the Alsatian rights he knew threatened by the French Jacobinism. But the wind had turned and, with it, many coats within the veterans of the "Landtag". He was put in minority, a major part of the "Zentrum" parliamentarians, with the social democrats, didn't want to irritate France and preferred to rely on the generals' promises. The end of the "Nationalrat", changed into National Council before its scuttling, is known. For the rest of his life, Ricklin reproached the other "Nationalrat" members for having "missed the bus".
With the French arrival, Doctor Ricklin knew his hardest moments. For sure, they considered him as the man to be most feared in Alsace. So, they tried by all means to eliminate him from the political scene to keep free moves in the launch of the francization policy, ripely prepared in Paris for years. They also had to prevent him taking part to the reconstruction of the "Zentrumspartei Elsass-Lothringen" for which debates began in February 1919. So he was dragged in front of the "Commissions de Triage" ("people sorting commissions") and, during March, the latter president of the "Landtag" of Alsace-Lorraine was sent into forced residence in the occupied zone near Kehl (during some time, he was even put in jail). In spite of the protest of every mayors and priests of "Dannemarie" and the French-speaking communes which he always defended during the German time, he was only allowed to come back in November 1919, after the parliamentary elections from which he had to be held away. When he came back from exile in his native town, ruined, he had moreover to face a plot meant to bring him down professionally. 
But Ricklin was a fighter and didn't give up the political fight for that. Disgusted, like many, in December 1925 by the behavior of the French, he came back to public life, first by joining the editorial committee of the "Zukunft", then by joining the team that initiated the manifest of the "Heimatbund" on 7 June 1926. Under his management, the committee of the "Heimatbund" went into relations with the Breton and Corse autonomists and developed the strategy of the "Einheitsfront" ("unity front"). 
The parliamentary elections of May 1928 approaching, Poincaré tried to prevent the autonomists to participate in them. Six autonomists newspapers were then forbidden and the leaders arrested: among them, Joseph Rossé, Hauss and Ricklin. On 16 March 1928, Ricklin, 66 years old, was led handcuffed through Mulhouse to be imprisoned.
But Rossé and Ricklin didn't let them be intimidated and, staying in jail, applied as candidates for the "Union populaire républicaine" ("republican popular union"). Their popularity hasn't been denied; even in jail, they were elected.
After a trial parody, they were sentenced and then, due to the general outcry, released on 14 July by a presidential pardon. Ricklin was triumphantly welcome back in his whole native Sundgau where the people joined forces behind him, to the point of electing him again in the conseil général in October 1928.
The French government tried then to block them, working for the invalidation of the mandate of the deputies Rossé and Ricklin, on the pretext that the presidential pardon didn't give them their whole civic rights. The French deputies agreed with the government and voted the invalidation with 195 voices pro, 29 against and 416 abstentions. The government made the same for their departmental mandate which the "Conseil d’État" ("State Council") invalidated on 22 March 1929. But Ricklin and Rossé stroke back. They applied again as candidates and, one more time, were comfortably re-elected on 2 June 1930. The "Conseil d’État" had then to revive an organic decree dated 2 February 1852 to may pronounce a new invalidation. On constant public pressure, Ricklin was then promised an amnesty.
During the election of the president of the Republic by the Parliament in May 1931, six Alsatian autonomist deputies voted for "Doctor Eugène Ricklin, last president of the Parliament of Alsace-Lorraine" as a protestation and to make Ricklin endly amnestied and wholly rehabilitated.
In facts, while he continued with enjoying an enormous popularity, Ricklin never recovered from not to be officially rehabilitated during these years. 
He died Wednesday 4 September 1935 at 20:20 after a long stay in the hospital of his native town, Dannemarie.
Sources.
This article is a translation of the similar article in the French Wikipedia.

</doc>
<doc id="20921401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921401" title="Maryville Daily Forum">
Maryville Daily Forum

The Maryville Daily Forum is a daily newspaper published Mondays through Fridays in Maryville, Missouri, United States. The newspaper was acquired by its former general manager Phill Cobb via his Cobb Publications company GateHouse Media in December 2013.
In addition to Maryville, the "Daily Forum" covers Nodaway County, Missouri, and surrounding areas.
History.
The paper traces its roots to the" Nodaway Democrat" published in 1869 by future Missouri Governor Albert P. Morehouse. Morehouse had in 1865 published the "Maryville Gazette" which was just a list of taxes due. In 1869 he launched a more ambitious newspaper.
In the early 1900s William C. Van Cleve, publisher of the "Moberly Monitor-Index", merged the "Democrat" with the "Nodaway Forum" which had been established on October 24, 1901 by future Congressman Charles J. Colden and the paper was called the "Maryville Democrat-Forum".
In 1929 Oscar S. Stauffer bought the paper and changed the name to the "Maryville Daily Forum". Marion W. Stauffer (no relation to Oscar) was the paper's publisher from 1929 until 1966. The "Forum" was one of Stauffer's first acquisitions in the Stauffer Communications empire that would eventually cover 11 states.
The paper's other owners have included Morris Communications (which in turn sold it to GateHouse).
The paper's office was for many years just off the Nodaway County Square at 414 North Main. In 1971 they moved to its present location on South Main. On August 31, 2011, the wall of the original North Main building (which had been taken over by a bar called The Pub) collapsed.

</doc>
<doc id="20921402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921402" title="Roger Pryor Pioneer Backcountry">
Roger Pryor Pioneer Backcountry

The Roger Pryor Pioneer Backcountry is a area of private land that is managed by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources for hiking and backpacking by the public. The land is part of the largest private forest in the state, the Pioneer Forest, owned by Leo Drey's L-A-D Foundation. 
The area is crossed by of trails: the Blair Creek Section of the Ozark Trail, the Brushy Creek Trail, and a Laxton Hollow Trail, which connects to the Ozark Trail. An additional trail is under construction, the Current River Trail will eventually connect the new Round Spring State Park, which is a few miles west of the backcountry area, to Brushy Creek Trail. 
Two significant wilderness areas are included in the managed area: the Current River Natural Area contains 400-year old trees, and the Pioneer Natural Area adjacent to the Current River is home to old-growth cedar and hardwood trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20921416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921416" title="Charles S. Keith House">
Charles S. Keith House

The Charles S. Keith House, also known as the J. C. Nichols House, is a historic residence located at 1214 West 55th Street in Kansas City, Missouri. The -story Georgian Revival house is sits on a three acre tract in the Kansas City's Country Club District near Ward Parkway.
History.
The Charles S. Keith House was designed by Kansas City architectural firm Shepard, Farrar & Wiser in 1913, and construction was completed on the residence in 1914. Charles Keith was a lumber baron and president of the Central Coal & Coke Company. Keith sold the palatial estate to well known Kansas City real estate developer J.C. Nichols in 1920 after deciding the house was more than he needed. Nichols lived in the house until he died in 1950. After the sale of the house, Charles Keith later went on to gain additional public notoriety when he accepted the position of interim mayor of Kansas City in 1940 between Bryce B. Smith's resignation and the inauguration of John B. Gage.
Architecture.
The house has twenty two rooms, plus six full bathrooms and numerous smaller storage spaces. Exterior features included the use of elaborate cut-stone trim work, multiple pergolas, and a large carriage house. The three acre grounds were designed by Kansas City landscape architecture firm Hare and Hare, and they originally included formal gardens, a lily pool and vegetable plot.

</doc>
<doc id="20921429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921429" title="Cambridge Quarterly of Healthcare Ethics">
Cambridge Quarterly of Healthcare Ethics

The Cambridge Quarterly of Healthcare Ethics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of bioethics. It was established in 1992 with the goal of exploring “the many implications of both the broader issues in healthcare and society and of organizational concerns arising in the institutions in which ethics committees are located.” Its primary focus, as indicated in its title, is healthcare ethics, understood as distinct from clinical ethics, medical ethics, and academic ethics insofar as it is inductive, interdisciplinary, and concerned with “the character and traditions of the institutions in question.” One of its primary goals has been to integrate “many disciplines as they apply to the work of healthcare ethics committees. In the pages of this journal will be found sections devoted to medicine, law, philosophy, economics, research, theology, education, behavioral and social sciences, and more — with a focus on practical applications in committee settings." 

</doc>
<doc id="20921439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921439" title="A. P. Patro">
A. P. Patro

Rao Bahadur Sir Annepu Parasuramdas Patro KCIE () (1875 or 1876–1946) was an Oriya politician, "zamindar" and education minister in the erstwhile Madras Presidency.
Patro was born in a rich and powerful family of Berhampur, Madras Presidency. He did his schooling in Berhampur and graduated in law from Madras Christian College. Patro actively participated in the Oriya Movement and was a member of the Indian National Congress and later, the Justice Party. In 1920, he was elected to the Madras Legislative Council and served as the Minister of Public Works and Education from 1921 to 1926. In 1937, Patro was elected to the Odisha Legislative Council. He served as Speaker of the Assembly for a short time until his death in 1946.
It was during Patro's tenure that the Andhra University was established. Patro was also responsible for creating the existing administrative system of Madras University.
Early life.
Patro was born in Berhampur in Ganjam district, Madras Presidency. It is a matter of dispute whether he was born in 1875 or 1876. His father Narayan Patro was an affluent zamindar in Ganjam district. He had his schooling in Berhampur and graduated in law from the Madras Christian College. On graduation, Patro practised as an advocate during which his most important clients were the rajas and zamindars of Orissa. Patro gradually rose to become a district-level court pleader.
Oriya movement.
In the early years of the 20th century, Patro got involved in the Oriya movement which demanded a separate Odisha province comprising all Oriya-speaking districts of Madras, Bengal and Central Provinces. In 1902-03, he spearheaded agitations in Ganjam district. This marked the beginning of his involvement in politics.
On April 11 and April 12, 1902, an Utkal Union Conference was held at Berhampur presided over by the first college graduate from Berhampur. Patro was one of the important delegates representing Ganjam district at the Conference.
During the First Round Table Conference held in London on November 12, 1930, the Raja of Paralakhemundi supported by the Utkal Provincial Congress Committee and the Indian National Congress, appealed to the Chairman of the Committee for a separate province on behalf of the Oriya people. Patro, then a member of the Madras Legislative Council, supported his proposal and expressed his solidarity with the movement.
In the Indian National Congress.
Patro joined the Indian National Congress in the early years of the second decade of the 20th century and in 1915, was the sole non-Brahmin in the All India Congress Committee. In 1917, Patro resigned from the Indian National Congress to found the South Indian Liberal Federation.
Minister of public works and education.
Patro was one of the founder-members of the Justice Party. He contested in the first general elections in the Presidency held in November 1920 and was elected to the Madras Legislative Council. On July 11, 1921, when A. Subbarayalu Reddiar, the Chief Minister of Madras Presidency who held the portfolios of education and public works resigned citing health reasons, Patro was appointed in his stead, as the Minister of Education and Public Works.
Patro served as the Minister of Education from July 11, 1921 to December 3, 1926. During his tenure as Education minister, Patro introduced the Madras University Act in 1923 which democratized the management of the University of Madras. The bill asserted that the governing body would henceforth be headed by a Chancellor who would be assisted by a pro-Chancellor who was usually the Minister of Education. Apart from the Chancellor and the pro-Chancellor who were elected, there was to be a Vice-Chancellor appointed by the Chancellor.
The Andhra University Act of 1925 established the Andhra University on the same pattern as the Madras University.
In August 1921, the First communal Government Order (G.O. No.613), introducing reservations in the Madras Presidency, was passed. This G.O. had its impact mainly in the field of education. In 1923, the Government passed a second order decrreeing that endowments to universities would be cut if they did not permit the admission of scheduled castes. The admission procedure in the Universities were also heavily altered removing the necessity of a knowledge of Sanskrit for admission to medical colleges.
Patro patronized and promoted Telugu during his tenure as the Minister of Public Works and Education. On October 12, 1925, Patro inaugurated the Loyola College in Chennai.
Later political activism.
Patro was an active leader in the Justice Party even after the end of his ministry. In the late 1920s, when two separate factions the Ministerialists and Constitutionalists evolved in the Justice Party, Patro supported the policies and objectives of the Ministerialists. In 1929, a resolution was passed by the Ministerialists recommending the removal of restrictions on Brahmins joining the organization. The Executive Committee of the party drafted a resolution to this effect and placed it before the Eleventh Confederation of the party at Nellore, for approval. This was followed by an eloquent speech by the President, P. Munuswamy Naidu. Patro supported the resolution and introduced the following amendment to it:
The motion was however defeated by the orthodox sections of the Justice Party. In 1928, Patro led the Madras Legislative Council committee that welcomed the Simon Commission and submitted a memorandum seeking dominion status for India and more autonomy for the provinces.
In the early 1930s, as the movement for a separate province of Odisha gained momentum, Patro actively supported the movement and worked for the unification of the Oriya speaking northern districts of the Presidency with the new province.
In 1935, Patro resigned his membership of the Madras Legislative Council when the Ganjam district and parts of Vizagapatam district were officially transferred to Odisha.
In the Odisha Assembly.
Patro was elected to the Odisha Legislative Council in 1937. He opposed the Quit India Movement and offered his full support to the British war-effort during the Second World War. He was re-elected to the assembly in 1946 and served as speaker of the Assembly. Patro died in 1946. He was approximately 70 years old at that time.
Religion.
Little is known about Patro's religious affiiations. Patro built a Brahmo mandir in the Andhra region and organized theological discourses in the temple premises.
Honors.
Patro received the title of Rao Bahadur, was knighted in the 1924 New Year Honours list and was appointed a Knight Commander of the Indian Empire (KCIE) in the 1935 Silver Jubilee and Birthday Honours list.

</doc>
<doc id="20921449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921449" title="Cryptol">
Cryptol

Cryptol is a domain specific programming language for cryptography developed by the Portland, Oregon based software development firm, Galois, Inc.. The language was originally developed for use by the United States National Security Agency. The language is also used by private firms that provide information technology systems, such as the American company Rockwell Collins provides to aerospace and defense contractors in the United States.
The programming language is used for all aspects of developing and using cryptography, such as the design and implementation of new ciphers and the verification of existing cryptographic algorithms. Cryptol is designed to allow the cryptographer to watch how stream processing functions in the program manipulate the ciphers or encryption algorithms. This aspect of Cryptol has been of particular interest to computer programmers who write new programming languages and to the field of artificial intelligence.

</doc>
<doc id="20921475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921475" title="Wei Zhiyi">
Wei Zhiyi

Wei Zhiyi (韋執誼) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving briefly as chancellor in 805, during the brief reign of Emperor Shunzong and then briefly into the reign of Emperor Shunzong's son Emperor Xianzong. He came to power due to his association with Emperor Shunzong's close associate Wang Shuwen but later broke with Wang; he was nevertheless exiled once Emperor Xianzong became emperor due to his prior association with Wang and died in exile.
Background.
It is not known when Wei Zhiyi was born, but it is known that his family was from Jingzhao Municipality (京兆, i.e., the region of the Tang Dynasty capital Chang'an). HIs family traced its ancestry to a line of officials of Han Dynasty, Northern Zhou, and Tang Dynasty. HIs grandfather Wei Zhongchang (韋仲昌) served as a deputy mayor of Jingzhao, and his father Wei Mei (韋浼) served as a prefectural prefect.
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
During the reign of Emperor Dezong, Wei Zhiyi passed the imperial examinations and was particularly rated highly in the matter of offering strategies. He was made "You Shiyi" (右拾遺), a low-level consultant at the examination bureau (門下省, "Menxia Sheng"), and was subsequently made an imperial scholar (翰林學士, "Hanlin Xueshi"). At that time, he was in his 20s, and he was particularly favored by Emperor Dezong, who favored his writing; they often wrote poems that responded to each other. He became a part of a group of officials who were favored by Emperor Dezong — Pei Yanling, Li Qiyun (李齊運), Wang Shao (王紹), Li Shi (李實), Wei Qumou (韋渠牟), and Wei Zhiyi himself and had easy access to the palace.
On one occasion, on Emperor Dezong's birth, Emperor Dezong's son and crown prince Li Song offered a Buddharupa as a birthday gift to Emperor Dezong. Emperor Dezong had Wei Zhiyi write a text praising the statue, and under Emperor Dezong's direction, Li Song in turn gave Wei a gift of linen. When Wei went to the Crown Prince's palace to thank him, Li Song introduced him to a close associate, Wang Shuwen. Thereafter, Wei and Wang became friends. Later, Wei's mother died and he left governmental service to observe a mourning period for her. After the mourning period was over, he returned to government service to serve as a supervisorial official.
In 803, there was an occasion when an official, Zhang Zhengyi (張正一) had offered suggestions to Emperor Dezong and received an audience with the emperor. Several of his colleagues visited him to congratulate him on this showing of imperial favor. Someone, however, informed Wei that Zhang was criticizing his association with Wang. Wei believed the informant and accused Zhang and his colleagues of partisanship. When Emperor Dezong sent an imperial guard to spy on Zhang and his colleagues, the guard saw that Zhang and his colleagues were feasting beyond their usual proper diet. As a result, Emperor Dezong exiled them, but at that time, no public reason was stated.
During Emperor Shunzong's and Emperor Xianzong's reigns.
In spring 805, Emperor Dezong died, and Li Song succeeded him (as Emperor Shunzong). At that time, Li Song was seriously ill, and a group of his close associates, headed by Wang Shuwen and Wang Pi, in association with his concubine Consort Niu and the eunuch Li Zhongyan (李忠言), became very powerful. Wang Shuwen, in order that his reform policies could be carried out, recommended Wei as chancellor. Shortly thereafter, Emperor Shunzong made Wei, who was then "Libu Langzhong" (吏部郎中), a supervisorial official at the ministry of civil service affairs (吏部, "Libu"), was promoted to be "Shangshu Zuo Cheng" (尚書左丞), one of the secretaries general of the executive bureau (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng") and given the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor. It was said that when there important decisions to be made, they would be given to Wang Shuwen to be decided at the office of the imperial scholars (翰林院, "Hanlin Yuan") and then given to Wei to be executed. On an occasion, when the chancellors, as per custom, were having lunch together, Wang wanted to see Wei and went to the office of the chancellors to do so. When a guard refused to let Wang in, Wang rebuked the guard and ordered him away. Wei rose from his seat and walked away to confer with Wang. Wei's colleagues Zheng Xunyu, Du You, and Gao Ying stopped dining and waited for Wei to return. After a while, they sent the guard to see what the situation was, and the guard stated, "Wang Shuwen had requested food, and Chancellor Wei is dining with him." Neither Du nor Gao dared to say anything, but Zheng stated, "How can I remain here still?" He had his attendants fetch horses, and he went home and refused to return to office.
Meanwhile, as a result of Wei's rise to power, his father-in-law Du Huangshang, who had been trapped in positions with few actual powers, was made the minister of worship. On one occasion, Du Huangshang suggested that Wei lead some other officials in suggesting that Emperor Shunzong make his crown prince Li Chun regent. Wei refused, as his and Wang Shuwen's partisans at the time were apprehensive of Li Chun.
Around this time, however, Wei and Wang began to break with each other, as Wei wanted not to be seen as a puppet of Wang's. For example, when Yang Shi'e (羊士諤), a messenger from Xuanshe Circuit (宣歙, headquartered in modern Xuancheng, Anhui), and Liu Pi, a messenger from Xichuan Circuit (西川, headquartered in modern Chengdu, Sichuan), made demands on behalf of their superiors, Wang angrily wanted to execute both of them, but Wei opposed, and Yang was only exiled, while Liu fled back to Xichuan. Wei further threw himself off Wang's policies when Wang had to leave governmental service to observe a mourning period for his mother in summer 805. With several important eunuchs (including Ju Wenzhen (俱文珍) and Liu Guangqi (劉光琦), in addition to Li Zhongyan) then in control of the very ill Emperor Shunzong, Wang Shuwen's party lost power quickly. Soon thereafter, Emperor Shunzong passed the throne to Li Chun, who took the throne as Emperor Xianzong, and thereafter, all associates of Wang Shuwen's were purged, and Wang Shuwen himself was soon thereafter ordered to commit suicide.
Wei remained as chancellor for some time, and in fall 805, as the official in charge of editing the imperial history, had his subordinates draft a new calendar. By this point, though, he was constantly in fear of being exiled. Emperor Xianzong, who made Du Huangshang chancellor, did not immediately carry out any actions against Wei on Du's account, but in winter 805 demoted him to be the military advisor to the prefect of Yai Prefecture (崖州, in modern Sanya, Hainan). Wei died there of natural causes — as while Du was unable to save him from exile, Du made certain that he was not prosecuted further. After Wei's death, Du requested Emperor Xianzong to allow his casket to be returned, and Du gave him a proper burial.

</doc>
<doc id="20921483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921483" title="Brighton High School (Brighton, Tennessee)">
Brighton High School (Brighton, Tennessee)

Brighton High School is a high school in Brighton, Tennessee. It one of three high schools in Tipton County; the others are Covington High School and Munford High School. BHS is one of the most accredited high schools in the state of Tennessee with SACS CASI awards.
Campus.
Brighton's campus consists of the main school building, parking lot, football field, practice field, a weight room, and a track. Additions to the school in the 2007-2008 school year gave the campus a new tennis court and another wing to the building, that includes around 7 new classrooms, a band/ choir room, and a more improved shop for the school's Agricultural Program. The main building consists of 6 main hallways, a cafeteria, an atrium, a library, a greenhouse, and a shop. The field-house is where the weights are located for use by the school's athletic teams.
Curriculum.
Additional courses are available to Brighton students through the Tennessee Technology Center at Covington and Dyersburg State Community College

</doc>
<doc id="20921498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921498" title="Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai">
Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai

Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai (English: "What Does This Relationship Tell Us") is an Indian television drama that premiered on 12 January 2009 on Star Plus. The show, which focuses on the daily happenings within the household of an Udaipur family, is produced by Rajan Shahi's Director's Kut Productions. The show appears on Star Vijay, dubbed into Tamil and broadcast as "Uravugal Thodarkathai".

</doc>
<doc id="20921500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921500" title="Mwema Ndungo">
Mwema Ndungo

Mwema Ndungo is a young writer from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). He was born in the eastern region of the country and spent his childhood in Goma. He is a third child of a Congolese Christian family and has attended the Universite de Goma (Faculté de Médecine) before moving to Nairobi, Kenya, to study communication at Daystar University.
Mwema has become a mentor to a large number of youths in Kenya, DRC, Uganda, and Rwanda. His first book, "Healing the Wounds" has earned him the reputation of being a most outspoken young writer against negative ethnicity. He has also written "Insight on the Trap: Where there is abuse of Weakness" (2008).

</doc>
<doc id="20921503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921503" title="Don't Bomb When You're the Bomb">
Don't Bomb When You're the Bomb

"Don't Bomb When You're the Bomb" is a 2002 single released by Blur as 7" vinyl single. It was recorded towards the start of the sessions for Think Tank when Graham Coxon was absent.
The track was inspired by the Iraq conflict hence the Arabic text on the red labels. 1000 copies were pressed and it has subsequently been reported that the majority were destroyed during an anti-Iraqi war protest.[http://www.discogs.com/Blur-Dont-Bomb-When-Youre-The-Bomb/release/1517796]. It is one of the band's rarer promotional singles, along with "The Wassailing Song", "Death of a Party" and "Bugman". 
The track was included in the band's "Blur 21" box set in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20921512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921512" title="RV Atlantis II">
RV Atlantis II

RV "Atlantis II" is a research vessel formerly operated by Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution. The ship was built in 1962. She was used as the support vessel for the "Alvin" submersible for many years, and retired from Woods Hole service in 1996. After a period of inactivity in New Orleans she was transferred to the travel adventure company Outlander Expeditions in 2006.
The following seafloor features have been named for RV "Atlantis II":

</doc>
<doc id="20921513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921513" title="Mount Finkol">
Mount Finkol

Mount Finkol includes the highest point on the island of Kosrae in the Federated States of Micronesia. It rises to a height of 2064 ft (619 m).

</doc>
<doc id="20921520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921520" title="John Williamson (communist)">
John Williamson (communist)

John Williamson (1903 - 1974) was a Scottish-born radical best remembered as a top leader of the Communist youth movement in the 1920s in the United States.
Biography.
Early years.
John Williamson was born on June 23, 1903 in Glasgow, Scotland, the son of a marine engineer who was severely injured in an accident at sea shortly after his child was born. A woodworker and shipbuilder by trade, Williamson only had 8 years of formal education, later attending high school at night. He came to the United States in July 1913, settling in Seattle. 
Political career.
Influenced by a Scottish co-worker, Williamson joined the Socialist Labor Party of America (SLP) in August 1918. He was the SLP's State Secretary for Washington from 1921 to 1922.
In his memoirs, Williamson recalls that he was deeply influenced by the move of the 1922 convention of the underground Communist Party of America to move towards legality and mass work and he joined that group in November or December 1922. He was active in the party's youth section, the Young Workers League (YWL) and was active as an organizer for the league in Seattle and was a member of the movement's "Legal Political Party," the Workers Party of America (WPA) from the time of its formation at the end of 1922.
Williamson was elected a delegate to the 2nd National Convention of the YWL in May 1923 and he made the long trip to New York for the gathering. He was there elected to the governing National Executive Committee of the YWL, moving to the headquarters city of Chicago after the convention at the NEC's request. The NEC named Williamson its "National Industrial Organizer," attempting to build a mass movement of young communists among unionized workers. During this interval of organizational poverty, Williamson worked at various day jobs to make ends meet, conducting his political activities at night. Williamson was a delegate of the YWL to the 3rd National Convention of the WPA at the end of 1923 and was there voted to be one of two delegates to the 4th World Congress of the Young Communist International in Moscow. Throughout the 1920s, Williamson was a loyalist of the Chicago-centered majority faction of Foster-Cannon-Lore.
After the 4th World Congress, Williamson returned home to Chicago, where he joined a 3 person Secretariat of the YWL, along with Martin Abern and Oliver Carlson. In 1924 he was made the YWL's representative to the YCI in Moscow. His time there was short, as he returned in September 1924 to assume the role of head of the YWL, a job which he maintained until August 1928, when he was replaced by Sam Darcy for factional reasons. After his removal as Secretary of the YWL, Williamson was again named Industrial Organizer for the group.
Williamson was a delegate to the 5th Enlarged Plenum of the Executive Committee of the Communist International (ECCI), held in April 1925.
In the fall of 1926, Williamson married Lenore Sarney, a Polish émigré who was active in the Young Communist movement. In 1930 their marriage came to an end, they remained friendly and Lenore remarried and subsequently settled in the Soviet Union.
From 1933 to 1940, Williamson was the CPUSA's District Organizer in Ohio, during which interval the membership of the district grew from 600 to 3,500.
In 1935 Williamson met Mae Kuperman and in March 1936 they married. They would go on to have two boys, Robert (Bob) and Neil, and would remain together until his death.
Williamson was a supporter of James P. Cannon's faction during the period in which Cannon and William Z. Foster were at odds, but he managed to remain in the Communist Party after Cannon's expulsion for Trotskyism in 1928. That same year he spent 9 months in the Soviet Union with his wife. He was released by the Young Communist League (successor to the YWL) for work in the adult party after the 5th National Convention of that organization, held in April 1929. From 1930, Williamson sat as a member of the governing Central Committee of the Communist Party.
Smith Act Conviction.
In 1949, John Williamson was convicted under the Smith Act in an attempt by the US Department of Justice to "decapitate" the leadership of the Communist Party USA. He served 5 years in prison and was promptly deported to the UK upon his release in 1955. There he was active in the Communist Party of Great Britain.
Williamson suffered a serious heart attack in April 1963 and wrote a memoir of his life in the radical movement in 1965, a book eventually published by the Communist Party's International Publishers in 1969.
Footnotes.
"Sources:"
"The Young Worker" (1922-1927) "The Worker/Daily Worker" (1922-1938)Early American Marxism website ( http://www.marxisthistory.org )

</doc>
<doc id="20921522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921522" title="Finkol River">
Finkol River

The Finkol River is a river on the Micronesian island of Kosrae. It flows south from the slopes of Mount Finkol, reaching the Pacific Ocean close to Utwa Ma.

</doc>
<doc id="20921529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921529" title="Els Setze Jutges">
Els Setze Jutges

Els Setze Jutges (, meaning "The Sixteen Judges") was a group of singers in the Catalan language founded in 1961 by Miquel Porter i Moix, Remei Margarit, and Josep Maria Espinàs. The name comes from a well known tongue-twister in the Catalan language: "Setze jutges d'un jutjat mengen fetge d'un penjat.
The mission of the group was to promote the Nova Cançó movement and to normalize the use of Catalan in the world of modern music. They started out singing their own songs and Catalan versions of songs by French singers, especially Georges Brassens. From the original three members, the circle grew to sixteen: Delfí Abella, Francesc Pi de la Serra, Enric Barbat, Xavier Elies, Guillermina Motta, Maria del Carme Girau, Martí Llauradó, Maria Amèlia Pedrerol, Joan Ramon Bonet, Joan Manuel Serrat, Maria del Mar Bonet, Lluís Llach, and Rafael Subirachs.
Els Setze Jutges began to dissolve at the end of the dictatorship and with the progressive professionalization of some of the group's members. With the appearance of professional Catalan-language singers, many of the group's earlier members, such as Miquel Porter i Moix and Josep Maria Espinàs, decided to retire from music. By the time the group ceased to exist in 1968, several of its members - most notably Serrat, but also Llach, Maria del Mar Bonet, Pi de la Serra, Barbat, Motta and Subirachs - had begun to enjoy success as individual musicians. 
On April 13, 2007, the group of singers received the Medal of Honor of the Parliament of Catalonia, in recognition of their work in favor of Catalan culture and language during the dictatorship. However, Maria del Mar Bonet used the occasion to criticize the lack of promotion of Catalan-language songs in the media during the three decades since the Spanish transition to democracy, and Guillermina Motta declined to attend the ceremony, objecting that the distinction was awarded too late, when two of the sixteen had already died: Miquel Porter in 2004 and Delfí Abella in February 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20921534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921534" title="Banque Bemo Saudi Fransi">
Banque Bemo Saudi Fransi

Banque Bemo Saudi Fransi () is a Syrian private bank. BBSF was the first operational private bank in Syria in almost 40 years when it launched its operations on January 4th 2004. Its main shareholders are the Lebanese bank Banque Bemo S.A.L. and the Saudi bank Banque Saudi Fransi.

</doc>
<doc id="20921540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921540" title="Mount Teroken">
Mount Teroken

Mount Teroken is the highest point on the Micronesian island of Moen in Chuuk State. It rises to a height of 1214 ft (364 m).

</doc>
<doc id="20921569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921569" title="List of food origins">
List of food origins

=Americas=
Corn, beans and squash were domesticated in Mesoamerica around 3500 BCE. Potatoes and manioc were domesticated in South America. In what is now the eastern United States, Native Americans domesticated sunflower, sumpweed and goosefoot around 2500 BCE.
North America.
Fruits of North American origin.
Canada, Mexico, and the United States are home to a surprising number of edible fruit; however, only three are commercially grown/known on a global scale (grapes, cranberries, and blueberries.) Many of the fruits below are still eaten locally as they have been for centuries and others are generating renewed interest by eco-friendly gardeners (less need for bug control) and chefs alike.
Pacific North West.
Provisionally, this is primarily southern Coast Salish, though much is in common with Coast Salish overall.
Anthropogenic grasslands were maintained. The south Coast Salish may have had more vegetables and land game than people farther north or on the outer coast. Salmon and other fish were staples in this area. There was "kokanee", a freshwater fish in the Lake Washington and Lake Sammamish watersheds. Shellfish were abundant. Butter clams, horse clams, and cockles were dried for trade.
Hunting was specialized; professions were probably sea hunters, land hunters, fowlers. Water fowl were captured on moonless nights using strategic flares.
The managed grasslands not only provided game habitat, but vegetable sprouts, roots, bulbs, berries, and nuts were foraged from them as well as found wild. The most important were probably bracken and camas; wapato especially for the Duwamish. Many, many varieties of berries were foraged; some were harvested with comblike devices not reportedly used elsewhere. Acorns were relished but were not widely available. Regional tribes went in autumn to the Nisqually Flats (Nisqually plains) to harvest them. Indeed, the region was so abundant that the southern Puget Sound as a whole had one of the only sedentary hunter-gatherer societies that has ever existed.
South America.
South America.
=Old World=
Middle East.
Neolithic founder crops.
The Neolithic founder crops (or primary domesticates) are the eight plant species that were domesticated by early Holocene (Pre-Pottery Neolithic A and Pre-Pottery Neolithic B) farming communities in the Fertile Crescent region of southwest Asia, and which formed the basis of systematic agriculture in the Middle East, North Africa, India, Persia and (later) Europe. They consist of flax, three cereals and four pulses, and are the first known domesticated plants in the world. Although domesticated rye ("Secale cereale") occurs in the final Epi-Palaeolithic strata at Tell Abu Hureyra (the earliest instance of a domesticated plant species), it was an insignificant in the Neolithic Period of southwest Asia and only became common with the spread of farming into northern Europe several millennia later.
Minoans.
The Minoans raised cattle, sheep, pigs, and goats, and grew wheat, barley, vetch, and chickpeas, they also cultivated grapes, figs, and olives, and grew poppies, for poppy seed and perhaps opium. The Minoans domesticated bees, and adopted pomegranates and quinces from the Near East. They developed Mediterranean polyculture. There's also evidence of orchard farming (i.e., figs, olives and grapes).
Atlantic, North Europe.
Mediterranean.
There was a great deal of commerce between the provinces of the Roman Empire, all the regions of the empire became interdependent with one another, some provinces specialized in the production of grain, others in wine and others in olive oil, depending on the soil type. Columella writes in his Res Rustica, "Soil that is heavy, chalky, and wet is not unsuited to the growing for winter wheat and spelt. Barley tolerates no place except one that is loose and dry." Pliny the Elder writes extensively about agriculture from books XII to XIX; in fact, XVIII is The Natural History of Grain. [http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/cgi-bin/ptext?lookup=Plin.+Nat.+toc] Some crops grown on Roman farms include wheat, barley, millet, pea, broad bean, lentil, flax, sesame, chickpea, hemp, turnip, olives, pear, apples, figs, and plums. Others in the Mediterranean include:
Mediterranean and subtropical fruits.
Fruits in this category are not hardy to extreme cold, as the preceding temperate fruits are, yet tolerate some frost and may have a modest chilling requirement. Notable among these are natives of the Mediterranean:
Asia.
Tibetan plateau
Fruits of Asian origin.
Some fruits native to Asia or of Asian Origin.
Indus Valley.
Around 7000 BCE, sesame, eggplant, and humped cattle had been domesticated in the Indus Valley. By 3000 BCE, turmeric, cardamom, black pepper and mustard were harvested in India.
Africa.
The first instances of domestication of plants for agricultural purposes in Africa occurred in the Sahel region circa 5000 BCE, when sorghum and African Rice "(Oryza glaberrima)" began to be cultivated. Around this time, and in the same region, the small Guineafowl were domesticated.
Around 4000 BCE the climate of the Sahara and the Sahel started to become drier at an exceedingly fast pace. This climate change caused lakes and rivers to shrink rather significantly and caused increasing desertification. This, in turn, decreased the amount of land conducive to settlements and helped to cause migrations of farming communities to the more humid climate of West Africa.
The most famous crop domesticated in the Ethiopian highlands is coffee. In addition, khat, ensete, noog, teff and finger millet were also domesticated in the Ethiopian highlands. Crops domesticated in the Sahel region include sorghum and pearl millet. The Kola nut, extracts from which became an ingredient in Coca-Cola, was first domesticated in West Africa. Other crops domesticated in West Africa include African rice, African yams, black-eyed peas and the oil palm.
=Oceania=
Polynesia.
Australia.
Fruits of Australian origin.
Although the fruits of Australia were eaten for thousands of years as bushfood by Aboriginal people, they have only been recently recognized for their culinary qualities by non-indigenous people. Many are regarded for their piquancy and spice-like qualities for use in cooking and preserves. Some Australian fruits also have exceptional nutritional qualities, including high vitamin C and other antioxidants.

</doc>
<doc id="20921574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921574" title="Love, Save the Empty">
Love, Save the Empty

Love, Save the Empty is the debut album by American pop rock singer Erin McCarley. Jamie Kenney, McCarley's musical partner, produced the album and also arranged, played, and co-wrote most of the songs. The album was released digitally through Universal Republic Records on iTunes on December 30, 2008. The hard copy was released on January 6, 2009. She toured throughout January to promote her release. "Love, Save the Empty" peaked at #5 on iTunes "Top Albums" chart on January 2, 2009, resulting in a #86 debut on the Billboard 200 in the issue dated January 17, 2009. The following week, the album rose ten spots to a new peak of 76. The song "Love, Save the Empty" is the song featured mostly in "He's Just Not That into You" and is the only song that has a music video of the film. Both "Love, Save the Empty" and "Pitter-Pat" were featured on the fifth season of "Grey's Anatomy". "Love, Save the Empty" was included in the first season of the CW's show "Privileged". "Pony (It's OK)" and "Pitter-Pat" were featured in "One Tree Hill". In addition, all three of her singles have charted. Both "Pony (It's OK)" and "Pitter-Pat" have been on the Triple A (Adult Album Alternative) chart, and "Love, Save the Empty" made the Hot Adult Top 40 (or Hot AC) chart as well as VH1's Top 20 Video Countdown, where it peaked at #17.
Track listing.
"All tracks are written by Erin McCarley and Jamie Kenney except where noted."

</doc>
<doc id="20921579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921579" title="San Andrés Cholula, Puebla">
San Andrés Cholula, Puebla

San Andrés Cholula is a municipality located in the center west of the state of Puebla in the central highlands of Mexico, 122 km east of Mexico City and eight km west of Puebla . It is one of the two municipalities, along with San Pedro Cholula, that make up the modern city of Cholula or Cholula de Rivadavia. The city of Cholula has been divided into two parts since the pre Hispanic period, when the Toltecs-Chichimecas revolted, took over and pushed the formerly dominant Olmec –Xicallancas to the eastern side of the city. This side is the city is defined as the Great Pyramid of Cholula and east. The city has remained more or less divided since under different political organizations. However, the two halves share a common religious and social tradition which binds the city as a whole. San Andrés is known for being historically indigenous and still contains a larger indigenous population. It is also home to a number of colonial era churches decorated in Talavera tile and in a style called Indigenous or Folk Baroque. The best known example of this is the church in the Santa María Tonatzintla community.
The municipality as part of Cholula de Rivadavia.
As part of the district.
San Andrés Cholula is one of two municipalities which made up the city of Cholula, Puebla, officially called the Distrito Cholula de Rivadavia. Culturally and socially, the two halves are one city, but the city's political division into two municipalities: San Andrés Cholula and San Pedro Cholula, has its roots in the pre Hispanic period. San Andrés encompasses the city and some more rural areas outside of it from the Great Pyramid on east. The center for the entire city of Cholula is considered to be in the municipality of San Pedro Cholula, where the large Plaza de la Concordancia and the monastery of San Gabriel are.
As part of the same city, the two municipalities share a number of common features. Both are located on the flat plains of the Valley of Puebla, with Popocatépetl and Iztaccíhuatl visible to the west. Like the city of Puebla, both sides have a straight street grid oriented to the cardinal directions. Most streets in the center are numbered with indications as to their location vis-à-vis the center, north, east, south or west. On the city periphery, street names lose this system. Both contain traditional Mexican markets and tianguis in which women can be found seated on the floor selling seeds, flowers, herbs and more. One food specialty is a cold drink made with chocolate and water, whipped until foamy served in wooden bowls with flowers painted on them. Other traditional foods here include Cholulteca soup, cecina with chili pepper strips and queso de canasta cheese, a type of edible larvae called cueclas, and "orejas de elefante" (elephant ears) which is an enormous tortilla with beans inside and salsa, cheese and cheese outside. Many Cholutecans still use their pre-Hispanic surnames, such as former town stewards Raymundo Tecanhuehue and Humberto Tolama Totozintle. This is because a number of the indigenous nobility was allowed certain privileges after the Conquest.
Urban area.
Eight of the city's eighteen traditional barrios or neighborhoods are located in San Andrés. The division of the city into barrios, and into two halves, began in the pre Hispanic period. However, after the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire, the barrios were reorganized around parish churches, each given a patron saint. The San Andrés barrios are San Miguel Xochimehuacan, Santiago Xicotenco, San Pedro Colomoxco, Santa María Coaco, La Santísima, San Juan Aquiahuac, San Andresito and Santo Niño. Most of these barrios have a patron saint's name prefix before an indigenous name, which remains from the pre-Hispanic period. The neighborhoods closest to the center are urbanized, with those on the edges of the city maintaining more of their rural character, with economies based on agriculture and brick making. The unity of the city is maintained via a complicated system of social events and sponsorship to pay for them, which is rotated around the various barrios.
Most of what distinguishes San Andrés from San Pedro is its historically indigenous character. The division began in the latter pre Hispanic period after the Toltecs and Chichimecas conquered the city in the 13th century. They pushed the subdued Olmec-Xicallans to the east of the city. They also built a new temple to Quetzacoatl, where the San Gabriel monastery is now, leaving the Cholula pyramid as the religious focus of the southern part of the city. During the colonial period, San Andrés would remain mostly indigenous and relatively isolated economically while San Pedro's population became mestizo quickly. Today, San Andrés is still more residential and has a higher percentage of indigenous than San Pedro. As of 2005, there were 1,845 people who spoke an indigenous language in San Andrés, with the population growing from 45, 872 to 80,118 people from 1990 to 2005. Over ninety percent of the population identifies as Catholic with less than four percent identifying as Evangelical or Protestant.
Although the Cholula Pyramid and the San Gabriel monastery are only blocks from each other, the Pyramid is part of San Andrés, marking the beginning of this municipality. Because of the Cholula pyramid archeological site and because a number of streets on the San Andrés side are too narrow to permit vehicular traffic, the municipality has a mounted police force, with red jackets and hats similar to those of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. It was created in 1996 and it is the only squad of its type in Mexico. The force has a number of advantages. The horses are permitted to climb the pyramid structure as they cannot damage the ruins underneath. They can access areas of the city cars cannot and they can be used to patrol in small rural areas such as San Rafael, Santa María Tonantzintla and Tehuiloyocan. The municipality states that in addition to security, the squad promotes interaction between the public and the police, and it has been popular with tourists as well.
Landmarks of the urban area.
According to legend, the city of Cholula has 365 churches, one for each day of the year or one for each pre Hispanic temple destroyed by the Spanish, depending on the version. In reality there are only 37, 159 if all the small chapels in the local haciendas and ranches are counted. The architectural styles of the churches vary from Gothic to Renaissance to Churrigueresque and Neoclassical, with many mixing elements of two or more of the above. A number also have Talavera tile as a decorative feature, which is common in Puebla. A few have intricate stucco work done by indigenous hands. Many of these churches contain artwork from the 16th to 19th centuries valued at millions of dollars. Due to the increase in theft of religious art, many of these churches have extra security and some close during the week.
The best known church of San Pedro and the entire city of Cholula is the Nuestra Señora de los Remedios Sanctuary, whose bells ring each day at midday from atop the Cholula Pyramid. Just before the Spanish arrived, the pyramid was considered to be sacred to a female rain deity called Chiconahuiquiahuita (Nine Rains). . After finding pre Hispanic idols and other pieces on what seemed to be a hill, monks decided to rededicate it to the Virgin of the Remedies and built this church, beginning in 1594. The Virgin of the Remedies was one of four Virgin Mary images which were used to substitute for pre Hispanic female deities in the cardinal directions from Mexico City. This one was placed in the east, with the Virgin of Guadalupe to the north, the Virgin of Mercy to the south and the "Virgen de la Bala" to the south. The image itself measures 27 centimeters tall, similar to those brought by Hernán Cortés and leading to speculation what it was brought by him, but it was brought by the Franciscans . Originally, the Virgin of the Remedies was associated with the needs of the poor, but the history of the Conquest linked this Virgin Mary image to the conquistadors and would remain so up through the Mexican War of Independence . Because of the veneration of the image, as the patroness of Cholula, the pyramid remains a place of pilgrimage for the area.
The church has suffered damage on various occasions from lightning strikes and from earthquakes. These lighting strikes in the past were accredited to the old rain goddess. . The lightning strikes have caused minor damage, but the earthquakes have been more serious. In 1864, the church was almost completely destroyed by an earthquake. It took ten years to rebuild and was re inaugurated in 1873. The next major quake to damage the building came in 1999, which damaged the towers and caused the pilgrims' portal to collapse, with damage to eighty percent of the building.
The atrium cross dates to 1666 and it is the same as found in the Capilla Real and the church at San Miguel Tianguisnahutl. The dome is covered in multicolored tiles. The overall style of the church is Baroque with Neoclassical elements, which is sometimes called "Republican Baroque." The altars are made of wood and plaster painted white and decorated in gold leaf. There is also gold leaf on the vaults and walls. It contains oil paintings such as those depicting the birth of the Virgin Mary, the Announcement to the Virgin Mary, Mary and Joseph, and the Sacred Heart of Jesus. Sculptures include those of the Archangel Michael on the main altar, Diego de Alcalá, and Salvador of Horta . The cupola contains images of the four doctors of the Church: Jeronimo, Gregory, Ambrose and Augustine, as well as images of John Duns Scot, Bonaventure, Bernard of Siena, and Anthony of Padua. There are also allegories representing Justice, Faith and Virtue. The vaults contains images related to the saying of the Rosary.
The parish of San Andrés is what remains of a Franciscan church and monastery which was founded shortly after the founding of the much larger Franciscan monastery of San Gabriel. By the second half of the 16the century, the need for a second Franciscan monastery in the city was discussed because even though the San Gabriel monastery was large, it was insufficient to reach the mostly indigenous population of the San Andrés side, only a league away. According to records from a monk named Agustin de Vetancurt, the monastery was authorized in 1557 by of Joanna of Castile, sister of Felipe II. Cholula is the only city other than Mexico City to contain two Franciscan monasteries and probably indicates that the two halves of the city maintained a social and political distinction after the Conquest.
However, the authorization of the second monastery was soon disputed, as it changed created a second pole of power away from the Spanish dominated San Pedro side. Even so, by 1585, the monastery was a very small institution with only two monks. The construction of the complex took decades. Its cost forced the monks to sell some of its land, and the project was viable only because the indigenous of the area provided their labor. The complex was not finished until 1670. Before then, however, the church was given over to regular clergy in 1640. In 1673, the repeated complaints about the monastery's authorization resulted in an order to the Marquis de Mancera to demolish the complex, even though some records indicate there were still Franciscans inhabiting it. Mancera was aware of the royal records related to the institution, so he decided to demolish most of the monastery area and only close down the church, after removing all of the altars and decorative elements. Some years later, the Count of Monclova allowed the church to reopen as the parish of San Andrés in 1686.
During the rest of the colonial period and through the 19th century, the church remained functioning, according to parish records, and still in possession of remaining monastery lands. In the early 20th century, it was decided to renovate the church and lands were sold to raise money. The entrance of the church bears the date of 1930, which the work was concluded. One of the changes was the replacement of the wood flooring to tile. The wood was reused to make benches. In the 1950s, a church school was built and named Miguel Hidalgo, but today the building is used as parish offices. This school was replaced by another built in the 1980s in a different location.
The earthquake of 1999, forced many San Andrés churches to close for repairs including Santiago Xicotenco, Santo Niño, San Pedro Colomoxco, Santa María Cusco, San Andresito, San Miguel, San Juan Aquiahuac, Tonantzintla and Tlaxcalancingo. The parish of San Andres was one of the most damaged as the cupola came down, along with much of the towers and outer walls. The parish church would remain closed until 2001, with services held in the atrium or auditorium. Rebuilding efforts were largely financed by INAH. The church reopening in 2001, but repair and redecoration work lasted until 2003.
The parish of San Andrés Cholula occupies an area of 17,187m2, with includes the church, the remains of the monastery, the atrium, the priest's residence, parish offices, basketball courts and auditorium in what used to be the cemetery. The church has an east west orientation and is classified as a single name with a polygon apse. The nave has three sections with the area over the presbytery the highest. It also has a sacristy. The main portal is one of the highest in Mexico, made of grey sandstone with a relatively simple design. Figures sculpted are delineated clearly, and represent Franciscan saints including Saint Andrew along with other decorative elements. It also contains the date of 1630, a reference to the building of an ante-sacristy at that time. The layout of the monastery area predates the church to the 16th century, although it was modified over the centuries it was in existence. It follows the design of many other monasteries from that time in Puebla with a square cloister, refectory, pilgrim portal, meditation room (sala de profundis) and sacristy.
Other significant churches in the urban area include San Gabriel and Santisima Trinidad. The San Gabriel church was constructed during the first third of the 17th century, with the main portal bearing the date of 1630. The interior has one nave, which contains altars in a style called Baroque Republicano (Baroque with Neoclassical elements). The Santisima Trinidad church has an atrium with a double arched entrance with merlons on top. The facade of the church is simple with an arched main entrance. This facade also has merlons. The interior has two Churrigueresque altars.
The Antigua Casa del Gobernador (Old Governor's House) was probably built after San Andres received its status as an Indian Republic, which was in 1714. This building held sessions of the council, elections for governor, mayors and other officials of the Republic. During the 19th century, it remained as the city council hall, but today is a multipurpose facility.
The campus of the Universidad de las Americas is located on the San Andrés side of the city. This has spurred a lively nightclub scene mostly catering to students, including some who travel from Puebla. This also includes a line of strip clubs along Avenida 14 Oeste between 5 de Mayo and Calle 2 Norte. Some of these establishments include Unit, Bar-Restaurant Enamorada, La Casa del Mojito and Jazzatlán Café. However, the municipality is quiet during the week when these establishments are closed.
Container City is a complex constructed from large shipping containers. The idea is from England, but this version was built by a Mexican organization. Fifty of these containers have been joined to create 4,500 meters of spaces used to house workshops, restaurants, galleries and other businesses. There are even a few homes made of the containers in the area. The complex is painted in bright colors. The hallways have wireless Internet service, a music lounge for visitors, an entertainment area, ping pong tables and more. Some of the businesses inside include Beat Box, Hackl breads, Smart Mac, Vibra (a meditation center)
Outside the urban area.
Outside of the urban area, San Andrés has a number of important communities including San Francisco Acatepec, San Antonio Cacalotepec, San Rafael Comac, San Luis Tehuiloyocan, San Bernardino Tlaxcalancingo and Santa Maria Tonanzintla.
San Francisco Acatepec's economy is mostly based on livestock production along with the growing of corn, beans and animal feed. It is six km from the urban center and has a population of less than 100 people. It is best known for its parish church, which was constructed in the 17th century in Mexican Baroque style. The facade is covered in handmade red Talavara ceramic tile, made by local craftsmen between 1650 and 1750. These tiles completely cover the niches, columns, capitols and towers. Like others in the area, there is a syncretism of Catholic and indigenous imagery and while it has had some modifications over the years, it still retains most of its original character. In 1940, the church was mostly destroyed by fire, with only its facade salvaged. Everything in the interior, including its wooden altars and stucco work was lost. The altars were replaced by stucco ones covered in gold, maintaining the Churrigueresque style of the originals. This and other elements, such as paintings called El Lavatorio and La Ultima Cena by José Rubi Marimon, have allowed to the church to maintain its traditional look. The main celebration is the feast of its patron, Francis of Assisi, on 4 October.
Santa María Tonanzintla is primarily dedicated to the raising of livestock with some cultivation of corn, beans and flowers. It is 3.5 km from the city center and has a population of less than 100 people. Santa Maria contains seven images of Christ, which are believed to safeguard the town. Its main celebration is 8 December, the day of the Immaculate Conception .
The church here is the best known example of Indigenous or Folk Baroque in Puebla<. Its interior has elaborate stuccowork with Catholic and indigenous imagery done in a variety of colors. Church construction spans the 16th to the 20th centuries but most of the stucco work began in the 17th century. The first phase of construction began in the 16th century, with a small sanctuary, whose vestiges are located just north of the current church. The first church on this spot was built in the middle of the 16th century with a simple nave and façade, now destroyed. The second phase began at the end of the 17th century and beginning of the 18th, when the bell tower, cupola, basic layout and a small sacristy were built. Decorative stucco work was also done on the apse. The third phase covers most of the 18th century when the structure was completed, expanding the nave, leaving the tower within it, and a new façade. The last phase covers the 19th and early 20th centuries, when the final details were finished.
The stucco work includes images of dark skinned angels, tropical fruits, ears of corn, eagle warriors, cherubs, serpents, dark skinned angels, children playing among flowers and fish along with the Four Evangelists, Francis of Assisi, Saint Anthony, Christ, Quetzalcoatl and especially the Virgin Mary. There is also a work called Nuestra Señora de Tzocuilac by Pascual Perez in 1752. In the pre Hispanic period, the area was sacred to Tonantzin, or the mother goddess, who was substituted by the Virgin Mary after the Conquest. The church was built over a shrine to this goddess. Conservation of the church is not supported by INAH or the state of Puebla as the residents will not permit either of these to have any authority over the building. They also do not allow the church to come under the jurisdiction of the Catholic Church. A priest is hired when they want Mass.
Near the church, there is an observatory named after astrophysicist Luis Enrique Erro, founded in 1942. Its formal name is the Instituto Nacional de Astrofísica, Optica y Electrónica Luis Enrique Erro. It has been the site a numerous studies, especially in supernovas, and it is considered to be one of the most productive academic institutions in the country.
San Bernardino Tlaxcalancingo is a community four km from the city center, with a population of about 16,000. It is dedicated to livestock along with the cultivation of corn, beans and nopal cactus. Its nopal production is significant and in 2005, it began exporting the crop to China. The community was founded by the Spanish as they divided lands among the conquistadores, dedicated to Bernard of Siena. Its church is from the 17th century, and its facade contains bricks and tiles of various colors. Its Salomonic columns are also covered in tiles, along with its bell tower. The side portal of the church and the priest's quarters are decorated with the faces of children and flowers. .
The community is home to Parque Loro, which contains more than 400 animals in danger of extinction, with information about each for the visitor. Animals include monkeys, tigers, jaguars, pumas, reptiles, miniature horses and more. It has an auditorium with animal shows. It also has a playground, an area for pre Hispanic dance and an area in which visitors can have their picture taken with an endangered species.
San Luis Tehuiloyocan is a community of about 3,800 people, five km from the city center. It is decided mostly to livestock, especially domestic fowl and pigs. It also cultivates corn, beans and vegetables. This community is best known for a 17th-century house which is boarded up and the exterior is deteriorated. There is nothing unusual about the exterior except the fact that there are no windows. However, the walls of the large inner courtyard have mosaics of encrusted volcanic stone that depicts a goat, a rabbit, flames and elements of the Passion of Christ, such as the weeping face of Saint Veronica, her tear flowing red. The dominant images framing the main doorway are two monkeys with their tongues sticking out and dancing. On the ends of their legs are crow's feet and on their heads are bishops' hats. Both have erect penises and have bowls of steaming liquid in front of them. In a room in the back, there is a beam with the "Magnificat" a speech by the Virgin Mary, in Latin and in reverse. Christian iconography has used the monkey as a symbol of people in the control of the Devil and many suspect the house was used for Satanic rites, especially in the 18th century. It s the only example known of its kind in Mexico.
Other communities include San Antonio Cacalotepec and San Rafael Comac. Both are mostly dedicated to livestock, especially domestic fowl, with the cultivation of corn and beans. Cacalotepec is about 5 km from the city center with a population of less than 100. Comac is only two km from the city center and has a population of about 2,300.
The La Virgen Bridge dates from the 16th century. According to legend, in 1590, a group of Franciscans were returning to Spain with the image of the Virgin of the Remedies without permission. When they reached this bridge, their horses threw them and fought with them, preventing their advance. When the news of the event spread, it was believed that the Virgin herself provoked this as a miracle. However, many who are familiar with the area, including local bus drivers are not aware of the community either.
The Cholula Pyramid.
This main landmark and tourist attraction of the city of Cholula is on the San Andrés side, which is visited by about 200,000 people each year. It is only a very small part of a 154 hectare area declared an archeological heritage site. However, only six of these hectares, which include the pyramid, have been excavated. The two problems related to excavation is that most of this land is privately owned and there is opposition from residents to excavation in many cases. According to legend, the pyramid was created by a giant named Xelhua, who was one of five created by and favored by the gods in the Valley of Mexico. This caused the men in the same valley to become jealous and they plotted against the eight. The gods decided to punish the men, by sending a flood at the end of one of the Aztec 52-year cycles. The giants were saved by being at the top of a mountain dedicated to Tlaloc performing the rite of the New Fire. When it was over, the five giants were told to disperse in different directions. Xelhua came to what is now Cholula and built the pyramid as reminder of the mountain that saved him.(tradley) The pyramid site has been built on since 100CE and built to support the religious and social beliefs of the people of the city since that time. Today, there is still a myth around the pyramid, that a serpent lives beneath it. It is likely related to Quetzalcoatl, the feathered serpent, which was converted to the snake, related to the devil and crushed under the foot of the Virgin Mary. From the top of the pyramid, it is possible to see the Sierra de Malinche, Popocatepetl, Iztaccíhuatl and Orizaba in the far eastern horizon.
The Cholula Pyramid site consists of three parts. The pyramid proper, a ceremonial center on the south side of the pyramid and a site museum. The pyramid has two names, Tenanpa and Tlachiaualtepetl, with the latter meaning "man-made hill." While it was an important shrine for much of the pre Hispanic period, by the time the Spanish arrived, it was already overgrown and difficult to make out as manmade. This is because the civil and religious focus of the city shifted from here to the Quetzalcoatl Temple in the 13th century, after the Toltecs-Chichimecas conquered the city. Even so, this pyramid has the largest base in the world at 400m2 and a height of 66 meters. The pyramid was excavated from the 1930s to the 1970s in two stages. During this time eight km of tunnels were dug into the pyramid, but due to this exterior's deterioration, it has not been possible to reconstruct the surface, and it remains covered in vegetation. Only 800 meters of the tunnels are open to the public, which are well lit but they lack ventilation. These tunnels allow the viewing of a number of construction layers, The oldest structure, Building A, dates from 200 to 400 CE, with adobe as its core. Building B is characterized by the frescos on its walls. Building C is characterized by having stairs on all four sides. Cholula, despite its importance, has not been studied as intensively as other Mesoamerican sites, and most of what does exist are technical field reports with few syntheses of data gathered. For this reason, it has not play a significant role in the understanding of Mesoamerica as to date.
One the south side of the pyramid, there is a complex which was mostly excavated in the 1960s and 1970s. The largest section of this complex is the Courtyard of the Altars, named after the three altars found on each side. These are flanked by a number of labyrinth structures. These structures, especially the various levels of Building 3 are home to the most important mural work of the site. The Mural of the Drinkers depicts various figures drinking out of vessels commonly used for pulque. Another mural is mistakenly named "Chapulines" (Grasshoppers). This is because the figures were originally identified as grasshopper heads, but in reality are highly stylized skulls.
The museum is separated from the pyramid by the Camino Real, which was the main road connecting Cholula to Puebla . This is a small museum with two halls. The first hall is dedicated to a large model of the various construction stages of the pyramid. The second hall contains a number of artifacts, mostly ceramics as well as recreations of the two major murals, including the Mural of the Drinkers.
Festivals.
There are both city-wide and local festivals which are celebrated in San Andrés, which are the fabric of social and religious life. City wide festivals are held in conjunction with San Pedro Cholula. These festivals are sponsored by a complicated rotation of share duties, carried out by "mayordomos" whose time and money brings them prestige in the community. The city-wide events include Carnival, the Vaniloquio, when the bells of the city's churches ring in coordination) Holy Week, La Bajada, when the image of the Virgin of the Remedies comes down the pyramid to visit the various neighborhoods and the most important, the feast day of the Virgin of the Remedies on 8 September. There are events related to the last all over the city, but the main focus is on the pyramid. Another annual event focused on the pyramid is the Quetzalcoatl Ritual, held each year on the spring equinox, with poetry, indigenous music and dance.
Most local festivals in San Andrés focus on the various patron saints of the neighborhoods and outlying communities. Each has a church dedicated to its patron saint and some have more than one. The night before such a feast day, the church is decorated with lamps and then fireworks are set off to announce the event. The next day, Las Mañanitas is sung to the image, there are a number of Masses and it is possible to receive a "visit" by the image of another saint from another neighborhood. During one of the Masses, a new mayordomo, or sponsor of the festival for the following year is chosen, and event which is usually attended by mayordomos from other neighborhoods. After this mass, food is offered to all in attendance. If the saint's day falls during the week, it is moved to the following Sunday. For major festivals, the parish church of San Andres is richly decorated in flowers, and there are sand paintings called carpets on the ground in Biblical designs. During the week long feast of Saint Andrew on 30 November, there is also folk ballet, musical performances and firework shows at night.
The outlying communities have a number of festivals as well. The Feria del Nopal (Nopal Cactus Fair) in San Bernardino Tlaxcalanzingo celebrates the main crop grown in the municipality. It occurs during the first week of June. The Feria del Queso (Cheese) Fair) is held in Santa Maria Tonantzintla and in held in honor of the Virgin of the Conception. There is an exposition and sale of local cheeses at the main plaza of the municipality on the first weekend of August. The neighborhoods' patron saints are celebrated on the following days: second Sunday in February in Santo Niño Macuila, 24 June in San Juan Aquiahuac, 29 June in San Pedro Colomoxco, 25 July in Santiago Xicotenco, 15 August in San Miguel Xochimihuacan and 8 December in San Andresito. Communities not within the city also have patron saints' day such as San Bernardino Tlaxcalancingo in July, San Luis Tehuiloyocan in August, San Antonio Cacalotepec in November, San Francisco Acatepec in October and San Rafael Comac in October.
History.
The first human settlements of Cholula are within the confines of the San Andrés municipality and date somewhere between 500 and 200 BCE, during the middle Preclassic period . Through the Classic period, the village grew and social hierarchy developed, with the first pyramid to define this social and religious hierarchy begun at the end of the Preclassic.
At the end of this period, many settlements were abandoned, but Cholula grew, making it politically dominant in the region. It rapidly developed into an urban center in the Classic period (200–800 CE) dominating the Puebla-Tlaxcala region, growing to an area of about four km2 and a population of between 20,000 and 25,000. The Great Pyramid was expanded twice during this time. The city had relations with the larger Teotihuacan, but the nature of this is not known. However, at the end of the Classic period, Teotihuacan fell. Cholula had a population decline but the city survived. However, there is evidence of a change of dominant ethnicity, with a people known as the Olmec-Xicallana coming to power and pottery and other artifacts showing Gulf Coast influence. The city continued to grow during the Post Classic period (900–1521) as well, although there was another regime change. Toltec-Chichimecas from the fall the Tula arrived in the 12th century as refugees. The ruling Olmeca-Xicallanca allowed their arrival but oppressed them, until the Toltec-Chichimecas revolted and took over in the 13th century. The new lords called themselves the Choloteca, but they did not eliminate the Olmeca-Xicallanca. The defeated group was pushed to the eastern half of the city and the surrounding areas, maintaining a certain amount of religious and political autonomy, centered on the Pyramid. This is the origin of the San Andrés municipality. At around this same time, there was significant destruction on the Great Pyramid, especially the latest constructions.
By the time the Spanish arrived, Cholula was actually divided into three sub entities, roughly corresponding to the municipalities of San Pedro Cholula, San Andrés Cholula and Santa Isabel Cholula. However, only the first two are considered to be part of the modern city of Cholula. San Andrés is defined by the area east of the Great Pyramid and includes it. The city was important as a mercantile crossroads and a religious center, although religious practice was centered on the Quetzalcoatl Temple in San Pedro rather than on the Pyramid, which was overgrown... Hernán Cortés noted he could see about 2,000 houses in the city with as many temples as days of the year. It had a population of about 100,000, however, the area was overpopulated leading to chronic hunger among the poor. During the Conquest, the Spanish would kill about 6,000 residents of the city in an event known as the Cholula Massacre. It is from this episode that the 365 churches legend evolves.
San Andres was the encomienda of Andrés de Tapia for a very short time, and then it was turned over to Rodrigo Rangel. In 1529, it was divided between Diego Fernandez de Proaño and Diego Pacheco. In 1531, the Cholula area was converted into a "corregimiento" or area under direct control of the Spanish Crown. In 1537, Cholula became an independent city. and granted its own coat of arms by Charlves V. in 1540. San Andrés as an entity was recognized as early as 1548, when records shows eight communities governed by it. Organization of what is now the municipal territory would changed over time, but San Andrés would remain an independent political entity from the 18th century on. The Spanish built nearby Puebla to overshadow Cholula and the city never recovered its former status. An epidemic wiped out much of its indigenous population in the 1540s. Over the colonial period, forty seven churches were constructed in the city, with San Andrés as an independent parish by 1640. In 1714, it was definitively separated from San Pedro as an "Indian Republic" along with San Bernardino Tlaxcalancingo, Santa Clara Ocoyucan and San Antonio Cacalotepec. This separation would cause political and economic problems between the two halves of the city, but still coexisting in matters of religion.
The evangelization of San Andrés also differed from neighboring San Pedro. It remained indigenous while San Pedro quickly became mestizo. Also in the early colonial period, this part of the city has enough land to meet its own food needs and not be dependent on the outside economically. One reason the division remained was that during all of the colonial period and much into the 19th century, the Spanish and their descendents were mostly found on the San Pedro side, in what is still considered to be the center of the city of Cholula. Indigenous kept to their own neighborhoods in San Andrés and the outer communities of San Pedro. Despite the population eventually become almost all mestizo over the centuries, this division remains. Today, that division is recognized by the municipal status of San Andrés, which was established in 1861.
The city was named the Distrito Cholula de Rivadavia in 1895 by the state in honor of Bernardino de Rivadavia. Since the founding of the first two villages, Cholula has never been abandoned, making it the oldest continuously inhabited city in the Americas.
Education.
The municipality contains eighteen preschools, twenty six primary schools, thirteen middle schools and three high schools. There is also one technical/professional school above the high school level. It is also the home of the main campus of the Universidad de las Américas-Puebla an exclusive, private university. This campus has large well-manicured grounds, athletic facilities including a gridiron for American football. It has a large library with auditorium which hosts the Cine Club Las Américas, where students present independent films. and it has two galleries, the Sala José Cuevas and the Sala Bertha Cuevas in the main administration building.
Economy and tourism.
The employment in the municipality is roughly evenly divided among agriculture, industry/construction and commerce/tourism). About thirty percent of the population is dedicated to agriculture and livestock. Principle crops include corn, beans and animal feed. Livestock includes dairy and meat cattle, pigs, and domestic fowl, mostly for auto consumption. Another thirty percent is dedicated to industry and construction. Most industry is related to the making of cheese and other dairy products, furniture making and rustic ironwork. Just under thirty five percent is dedicated to commerce and tourism. Most commerce is geared towards local needs with two important exceptions, the nightclub scene and tourism, which is focused on the Pyramid. The pyramid, topped by the Nuestra Señora de los Remedios Church is one of the region's main tourist attractions, making Cholula one of the better known destinations in central Mexico for foreign travelers. Images of this church on top of the pyramid with Popocateptl in the background is frequently used in Mexico's promotion of tourism.
Geography and environment.
The municipality of San Andrés Cholula forms one half of the city of Cholula de Rivadavia in the center west of the state of Puebla. San Andres borders the municipalities of San Pedro Cholula, Ocoyucan, Puebla and San Gregorio Atzompa .
It is located in the Valley of Puebla in the Central Highlands of Mexico with an average altitude of 2150 meters above sea level. The valley floor is an expanse of plains crossed by a number of small rivers, streams and arroyos, with the most significant being the Atoyac River. The Atoyac River has its beginning in the runoff of both the Iztaccíhuatl and Popocatepetl volcanoes. The municipality is located in the Valley of Puebla on mostly flat land, with a decline towards the southeast towards the Atoyac River. There are only a few low hills that do not extend for more than sixty meters above the valley floor, which as those located in the communities of San Francisco Acatepec and San Bernabé Temoxtitla. The municipality is in the southern part of the high basin of the Atoyac River, forms the border between San Andres and the city of Puebla. The Zapatero River runs east through the municipality and empties into the Atoyac. There are also a number of seasonal arroyos such as the Alamo.
It has a temperate climate with an average temperature of between 18 and 20C, and typically no more than 20 to 40 days with frost per year. There is a rainy season that lasts from May to October which provides about 800 to 900 mm of rainfall per year. This climate made the area very important for agricultural production in the pre Hispanic and colonial eras. The climate is temperate and semi moist with rains in the summer. Average temperatures range between 18 and 20C. January is the coldest months with average temperatures of between 10 and 16C, and May is the warmest with averages between 20 and 22C. The only forested area is an area associated with the Sierra del Tentzo, which contains holm oak and scrub. The rest of the area is either farmland or covered by human settlements.

</doc>
<doc id="20921617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921617" title="Ron Musselman">
Ron Musselman

Ralph Ronald Musselman (born November 11, 1954 in Wilmington, North Carolina) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Seattle Mariners () and Toronto Blue Jays (-).
Recently dissolved Musselman Landscaping to pursue a career as a realtor in the Greater Wilmington Area.

</doc>
<doc id="20921640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921640" title="Forever Young (Rod Stewart song)">
Forever Young (Rod Stewart song)

"Forever Young" is the second single released by Rod Stewart from his "Out of Order" album in 1988. The song was a Top 20 hit on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at #12.
The structure of the lyrics in this song is very similar to a Bob Dylan song of the same title. When this was realized, the song was then sent to Dylan, out of respect, asking whether he had a problem with it. The two men agreed to participate in the ownership of the song and share Stewart's royalties.
Rod Stewart wrote the song with two of his band members: guitarist Jim Cregan and keyboardist Kevin Savigar. Stewart told Mojo Magazine in 1995 that he considered "Forever Young" to be one of his favorite songs and the reason for writing it was, "I love 'Forever Young', because that was a real heartfelt song about my kids. I suddenly realized I'd missed a good five years of Sean and Kimberly's life because I was so busy touring all the time. With these kids now I don't make that mistake- I take them on tour with me, so I can watch them grow up. So that's another favorite. Unfortunately, it wasn't a big hit in England, but it's like a national anthem here (America)".
Rod Stewart recorded a more mellow version of the song for his 1996 compilation album "If We Fall in Love Tonight.
Video.
The video for this song features Stewart singing to a child while scenes of rural America pass by.
In popular culture.
The song was featured in a Pampers commercial that showcased baby animals with their mothers.
NBC Sports' coverage of Super Bowl XXIII closed with a montage set to the song.
Stephen Collins (as Walter Bernard, Sr.) and Josh Groban (as Walter Bernard, Jr) perform "Forever Young" as a father-son duet in the episode "Garden Party" of the eighth season of the American TV series "The Office".
Matthew Morrison covered "Forever Young" in the season 3 finale of "Glee", entitled "Goodbye".
The song is featured in the "Tesco" 2013 Christmas advertising campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20921658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921658" title="Bank of Syria and Overseas">
Bank of Syria and Overseas

Bank of Syria and Overseas () is one of the first private banks established in Syria. It started operations in January 2004. BSO belongs to BLOM Bank Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20921660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921660" title="Ammachiveedu Muhurthi">
Ammachiveedu Muhurthi

Ammachiveedu Muhurthi is a Hindu temple located in the Kollam district of the state of Kerala, India. It is estimated to be around 600 years old, and holds an annual 10-day celebration during the Dhanu festival.
History.
Although there are no historical records of the early history of the temple, it is thought to have been founded around 600 years ago by the Ammachi Veedu family ("Ammachi Veedu" means "Ammachi home"), aristocrats from Kollam.
Structure.
The Ammachiveedu Muhurthi's Garbhagriha is small, measuring only 4 feet by 4 feet, by 6 feet tall.
The temple has a Peedam (small platform), clad with silver plate, upon which the deity stands. Two Shankha, in golden covers, are placed over the Peedam.
The temple has a number of other deities seated outside, including Ganesha, Rektha Chamundi, Paramparu, Ykshi, Marutha, Rekshas, Gandharvan, Vethalam, and Yogeshwaran. Another deity, Ginnu, is placed outside the temple premises and is worshipped by the Muslim community.
Adjoining the temple there is a Sarpakavu, or snake grove, which houses images of Parappooramma Bhagavathi, Nagaraja, Nagayakshi, and Naga Kanyaka.
Dedication.
The Ammachiveedu Muhurthi temple has no main idol, and is dedicated to the guru (teacher) of the Dharmaśāstra, of the Shasthamkotta temple, about 35 km away.
The deity was entrusted to the elders of the Ammachi Veedu family as a recognition of the marriage ceremonies carried out at the temple, and they are now also revered as "Brahma Rakshas" on the right hand of the deity. Because the deity of the temple has the status of a guru, members of the family are prohibited from entering the premises of the Shasthamkotta temple.
The Ammachiveedu Muhurthi temple has no caste bar, and is used by worshippers of various castes and creeds.
Festivals and Ceremonies.
Various pujas (ceremonies, or festivals) are performed at the Ammachiveedu Muhurthi temple, at auspicious times.
The ceremonies of Sarpa Bali (sacrifice for snakes) and Noorum Palum (making offerings to snakes) are conducted by the priest from the Pampummekkattu Mana, in Mala, in the Thrissur district.
The temple's main annual festival has no specific date, but falls during Dhanu, which runs from mid-December to early January, and is always held after the Mandala Puja at the Sabarimala Dharma Shastra temple. By an agreement, members of Ammachiveedu must not make a pilgrimage to Sabarimala.
On the 10th day the Karanavan (the eldest male in the family) conducts the puja in the Kalam specially prepared for the purpose, when boiled Ninam is offered to the deity.

</doc>
<doc id="20921666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921666" title="Marc North">
Marc North

Marc Victor North (29 May 1966 – 7 February 2001) was a professional footballer who played from 1985 to 1993. He was born in Ware, England.
Career.
North came up through the youth ranks at Luton Town where he spent two years at the club. While with The Hatters he was loaned out to Lincoln City, Scunthorpe United and Birmingham City.
He finally got his big break playing under Alan Buckley at Grimsby Town. While at Grimsby he was remembered for coming of the subs bench to score twice in an FA Cup tie with Middlesbrough. His performances soon earned him a move to Leicester City in 1989. He left Filbert Street in 1991 after a mixed time at the club, his next move was to move back to Grimsby Town, where he went on to only feature in one game. He played out his career in the Conference league playing for Kettering Town before retiring.
Death.
Marc suffered a back problem in his last match for Kettering in 1993, and retired as a result. He played semi-professional football for Bell Green Athletic in 1998/1999, but had to quit after experiencing thoracic pains. He announced on the 3rd July 2000, that he had been diagnosed with mild-neoplasm cancer in the thoracic region of his spine. Several tumours gathered in his illumuni muscle, and he died on the 7th February 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20921671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921671" title="Nevada gubernatorial election, 2010">
Nevada gubernatorial election, 2010

The 2010 Nevada gubernatorial election was held on Tuesday, November 2, 2010, to elect the Governor of Nevada, who will serve a four-year term to begin on January 3, 2011. Despite speculation that incumbent Governor Jim Gibbons, a Republican, would not run for a second and final term due to his low popularity and scandals, Gibbons sought re-election and lost on the Republican primary to Brian Sandoval.
Sandoval defeated the Democratic nominee Rory Reid, son of incumbent Senate Majority Leader, Democrat Harry Reid, on the general election.
Republican primary.
Candidates.
A total of five Republican candidates filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada and qualified for the ballot.

</doc>
<doc id="20921672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921672" title="Chester Creek Branch">
Chester Creek Branch

The Chester Creek Branch was a railroad line that operated in southern Delaware County, Pennsylvania, from 1869 to 1972.
Built by the Chester Creek Railroad, it was originally operated and leased by the Philadelphia and Baltimore Central Railroad, then by a subsidiary of the Pennsylvania Railroad, and finally, for a few years, by PRR successor Penn Central. It connected the Lamokin Street station in Chester to Lenni station in Middletown Township.
The branch diverged from the Northeast Corridor main line near SEPTA's now-defunct Lamokin Street Station. At Lenni, the branch merged with the West Chester Branch, once a segment of today's SEPTA Media/Elwyn Line.
History.
The rail line was built by the Chester Creek Railroad, which was chartered in 1866 and began service in 1869. Its route paralleled Chester Creek from Lenni (at a junction with the West Chester and Philadelphia Railroad (WC&P)) southeast to Upland, where it veered south, ending at Lamokin Street and a junction with the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad (PW&B). The Chester Creek line was operated and leased by the Philadelphia and Baltimore Central Railroad (owner of the WC&P), which owned the locomotives and rolling stock.
In 1916, the Pennsylvania Railroad took control of the line as well as the rest of the P&BC through its subsidiary, the Philadelphia, Baltimore and Washington Railroad (successor to the PW&B). In 1941, the branch had these stations:
As with the rest of the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR), the branch became part of Penn Central (PC) when the PRR merged with their long-time rivals New York Central Railroad in 1968. However in September 1971, the Chester Creek Branch, along with the Octoraro Branch, was damaged by a flash flood. Further damage came in 1972 with the arrival of Hurricane Agnes. The PC ended service to the lightly used line, and did not repair the line due to their bankruptcy in 1970. Having no traffic, the line was excluded from the Conrail system and deeded to the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority (SEPTA) by a PC holding company named American Premier Underwriters in the late 1970s. When SEPTA took control of all commuter rail services in the Philadelphia area in 1983, they didn't repair this line either.
Rail trail.
As of 2009, 90 percent of the line was intact. In 2005, SEPTA leased it for 30 years to Friends of the Chester Creek Branch, a local group that has proposed to convert the line into a rail trail between the dormant Lenni Station and the town of Upland. As of 2010, government grants have been awarded for the first phase of the trail project, and engineering design work is underway.
While SEPTA retains ownership and the right to restore rail service, Byron Comati, the agency’s director of strategic planning and analysis, said in 2010, "SEPTA has no plans, long-range or otherwise, to reclaim the Chester Creek Line right-of-way for public transit use."

</doc>
<doc id="20921685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921685" title="Nemesnép">
Nemesnép

Nemesnép is a village in Zala County, Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="20921693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921693" title="European nightcrawler">
European nightcrawler

The European nightcrawler, Eisenia hortensis or "Dendrobaena veneta", is a medium-small earthworm averaging about 1.5 grams each when fully grown. Generally pink-grey in color with a banded or striped appearance. The tip of the tail is often cream or pale yellow. When the species has not been feeding, it is pale pink. The species is usually found in deep woodland litter and garden soils that are rich in organic matter in European countries. "Eisenia hortensis" is sold primarily as a bait worm, but its popularity as a composting worm is increasing. The European nightcrawler is an invasive species that
should only be used in contained compost systems and not released into wild. 
Compared to "E. fetida", "E. hortensis" does best in an environment with a higher carbon to nitrogen ratio. This makes it well suited to compost pits high in fibrous materials commonly known as browns. 
Dendrobaena Worms Reproductive rate

</doc>
<doc id="20921705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921705" title="UnderWater World Guam">
UnderWater World Guam

UnderWater World Guam is one of the longest tunnel-aquariums in the world and the only oceanarium in the United States territory of Guam.
The aquarium opened in 1999 and has more than 2,000 animals representing more than 80 different species. Many of the animals included in the aquarium are native to Guam and the surrounding Marianas Islands.
UnderWater World Guam is managed and partly owned by U.S. Aquarium Team (USAT) and is located in Tumon. The main exhibit is a tunnel under an salt-water aquarium. The tank has more than 24 sharks, a shovelnose guitarfish, two giant groupers and four stingrays.
The aquarium is involved with many conservation efforts on Guam. UnderWater World Guam is a major sponsor of the International Coastal Cleanup on Guam every year. The company also started a group known as the Blue Crew which consists of employees and other individuals from the community focused on environmental education and restoration efforts.
Animals.
Many of the animals at UnderWater World Guam are found in the waters surrounding the island. 
The main tank features many large animals, including Grey reef shark, Blacktip reef shark, Zebra shark, Spotted eagle ray, and Whiptail stingray.
There is also an exhibit featuring five giant Moray eels.
The gallery exhibits at UnderWater World Guam are home to animals from around the world, including Chambered Nautilus, Japanese spider crab, Corals, and a unique exhibit featuring fish that change gender.
The final portion of the exhibit is a touch pool area where guests can feel live sea stars, fish and sharks.
Live shark feedings.
Since it opened, UnderWater World Guam has featured live shark feeds throughout the week. Scuba divers feed sharks by hand inside the main tank of the aquarium.
The divers wear three sets of gloves including one cotton pair, a chainmail glove and one layer of Kevlar.
Conservation efforts.
UnderWater World Guam has supported conservation efforts on Guam since the facility opened.
In addition to being one of the major sponsors of the International Coastal Cleanup the company also provides free presentations for schools regarding marine life and environmental issues on Guam.
UnderWater World Guam also offers special rates for groups to attend field trips through the aquarium with a guided tour.
The company also supports the efforts of the Blue Crew, a volunteer organization that focuses on conservation education, outreach and activities.

</doc>
<doc id="20921707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921707" title="Dean (rapper)">
Dean (rapper)

Dean is a Jamaican-American entertainer, record producer, and entrepreneur.
Career.
Dean was born in Kingston, Jamaica in 1985. Soccer was his passion until he was introduced to American hip-hop by school friends. Dean migrated to the United States at the age of 17 and instantly began producing music for himself and other artists in the Commonwealth of Virginia. In 2002 Dean met Nod Dred (Drizzymane), the Richmond artist who would serve as his music industry mentor, Drizzymane introduced him to Street Blaze, a local Virginia production team. It was at Street Blaze studios that Dean would record his 2006 release, "Richcity Blues...A Collection of Crunk Hits". The album spawned the regional hit the "4 Door Cadillac". The album performed well independently and is heralded as a classic Virginia hip-hop album. After the release of his debut album Dean moved away from recording and shifting his focus to production and songwriting, this background position prompted rumors that he was retiring from music even before his career got truly started. Dean resurfaced in the summer of 2008 with "Time Machine", his biggest single to date (in terms of ring tone sales and digital downloads), and a noticeable shift from the hard-hitting crunk anthems found on "Richcity Blues". Dean is also taking advantage of the internet and digital sales as the main outlet for his new music. His forthcoming album will be digitally released in the summer of 2009 featuring two tracks with T.I. protégé; soul crooner Governor.
Entrepreneurial Endeavors.
Dean runs TeamDEAN Inc a multimedia company which owns outright his music catalog. TeamDEAN also owns the Soundproof Mixing Lab, a recording and production studio, TeamDEAN Video, and Team Dean Street Team. Dean also co-chairs the L.I.V.E.O.N. Non-Profit Organization.

</doc>
<doc id="20921751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921751" title="List of surviving DuMont Television Network broadcasts">
List of surviving DuMont Television Network broadcasts

The DuMont Television Network was launched in 1946 and ceased broadcasting in 1956. Allen DuMont, who created the network, preserved most of what it produced in kinescope format. By 1958, however, much of the library had been destroyed to recover the silver content. Most of whatever survived was loaded onto three trucks and dumped into Upper New York Bay in the mid-1970s. Since then, there has been extensive research on which DuMont programs have episodes extant.
Due to the possibilities that various unknown collectors may be in possession of programs and/or episodes not listed here, and that the sources below may actually hold more than what is listed (for example, through a mislabeled film can), this list is very likely incomplete.
For a list of program series aired on DuMont, see List of programs broadcast by the DuMont Television Network.
Held by the Paley Center for Media.
In addition to the below, there is one listing each for "Famous Jury Trials" and "Small Fry Club", neither of which have any information other than the catalog number.
Held by the Library of Congress.
The J. Fred & Leslie W. MacDonald Collection, formerly MacDonald & Associates film archive in Chicago, is now held by the Library of Congress. In addition to the below, the collection also holds eighteen 30- and 60-second commercials produced in 1951 for DuMont TV receivers.
Held by TV4U.
TV4U, a service of Margate Entertainment, ceased public operations some time in 2012.
External links.
Unless otherwise noted, all links are to the Internet Archive.

</doc>
<doc id="20921759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921759" title="KKJY">
KKJY

KKJY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20921764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921764" title="2Geom">
2Geom

2Geom is a computational geometry library, originally developed for Inkscape. While developed for Inkscape it is a library that can be used from any application. It provides support for basic geometric algebra, paths, distortions, boolean operations, plotting implicit functions, NURBS and more. The filename of the library is lib2geom after the Unix library name convention of ‘lib’ followed by the name. 2Geom is free software released under LGPL 2.1 or MPL 1.1.

</doc>
<doc id="20921769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921769" title="Henri Wassenbergh">
Henri Wassenbergh

Henry Abraham Wassenbergh (born 1924 in Hattem, Gelderland), known to his friends and colleagues as "Or" Wassenbergh, is a Dutch academic, professor of law, and writer.
Wassenbergh earned a law degree from the University of Amsterdam in 1950. He studied international law at the Sorbonne and at the Institute of Higher International Studies in Paris, France; and continued his studies in the Netherlands, earning a doctorate from the University of Leiden in 1957.
Career.
From 1950 through 1989, Wassenbergh was an official of Royal Dutch Airlines (KLM).
Since 1967, he had been a member of the Air Transport Commission of the International Chamber of Commerce in Paris. Wassenbergh also participated in the European Centre for Space Law (ECSL) of the European Space Agency (ESA), the International Institute of Space Law of the International Astronautical Federation, the International Air Transport Association (IATA) Air Policy Advisory Group, the "Société Française de Droit Aerién," the Netherlands branch of the Legal Committee of the International Civil Aviation Organization, and the Netherlands Interdepartmental Committee on Civil Aviation. In this context, the title of one of his books seems prescient -- "Principles of Outer Space Law in Hindsight."
Asteroid named Wassenbergh.
5756 Wassenbergh (6034 P-L) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on September 24, 1960 by Cornelis Johannes van Houten, Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld and Tom Gehrels at Palomar Observatory.
This minor irregularly-shaped planetary body was named for Wassenbergh, who was Professor of Air and Space Law at University of Leiden from 1977 through 1994. The permanent designation was suggested by Prof. Wassenbergh's secretary and his colleagues at Leiden; and the announcement of this name was timed to coincide with his valedictory address at the university. He had been Professor Extraordinarius of Air and Space Law at Leiden since 1977, and Professor Ordinarius since 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20921811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921811" title="Saptami">
Saptami

Saptami is the seventh day (tithi) of the fortnight (paksha) in Hindu lunar calendar.

</doc>
<doc id="20921820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921820" title="Jarrod">
Jarrod

Jarrod may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20921848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921848" title="Novy Urgal">
Novy Urgal

Novy Urgal () is an urban locality (a work settlement) in Verkhnebureinsky District of Khabarovsk Krai, Russia, located in the valley of the Bureya River, close to its confluence with the Urgal River, about northwest of the krai's administrative center of Khabarovsk and west of the district's administrative center of Chegdomyn. Population: 
History.
It was founded in 1974 in conjunction with the construction of the Baikal-Amur Mainline (BAM), near the original village of Urgal, located on the river of the same name. The railway line connecting the Trans-Siberian Railway at Isvestokovaya to the nearby Chegdomyn coal fields had already run through the Urgal area since 1951, after an earlier construction project was dismantled before completion during World War II.
A large junction station between the BAM and the old line was built, along with the settlement, by workers from the then Ukrainian SSR. As part of the BAM construction project, sections of the line were placed under the patronage of Komsomol brigades from different parts of the Soviet Union.
In 1985, Novy Urgal was granted urban-type settlement status. 1989 saw the commencement of regular traffic between Tynda and Komsomolsk-on-Amur, after the completion of the railway a large proportion of the inhabitants left the settlement, its population dropping from 9,126 in 1989 to 6,779 in 2006.
Transportation.
Novy Urgal is an important station on the BAM, located on the junction of the BAM and the Isvestkovaya–Chegdomyn line. The station, originally named "Urgal-II", is located ten kilometers to the east, in the original village of Urgal) with its large locomotive depot, is the main economic focus of the settlement. The BAM crosses the Bureya River over a long bridge located west of the settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="20921861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921861" title="Des Coe">
Des Coe

 
 
Desmond ("Des") Coe (born 22 November 1958) is a shooting competitor for New Zealand. At the 1998 Commonwealth Games he won the bronze medal in the Trap event. He has competed at one Olympic Games; the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="20921876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921876" title="Jackass Mountain">
Jackass Mountain

Jackass Mountain is a mountain in the Canadian Cascades of the Cascade Range in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located southeast of Lytton and south of Mount Lytton. It is named for the muletrains that ventured north to the Cariboo gold fields; apparently
some did not make it over the bluff and perished in a fall hence the name. The Cariboo Road was built over this route in 1862, the hill at 1200 feet sits high
above the river, and like Nicaragua Bluff in the Canyon, makes a rugged rock of granite. The hill has taken its fair share of oxen, steamers, RVs and trucks.

</doc>
<doc id="20921895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921895" title="Pesamino Taputai">
Pesamino Taputai

Pesamino Taputai (born 20 March 1949) was the president of the Territorial Assembly of Wallis and Futuna, a French territory in the Pacific Ocean, from April 11 to December 11, 2007. He was succeeded by Victor Brial.

</doc>
<doc id="20921904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921904" title="Northern Transylvania Holocaust Memorial Museum">
Northern Transylvania Holocaust Memorial Museum

The Northern Transylvania Holocaust Memorial Museum is located in Șimleu Silvaniei, Romania and was opened September 11, 2005. The museum is operated and maintained by the Jewish Architectural Heritage Foundation of New York and Asociata Memoralia Hebraica Nuşfalău - a Romanian NGO, with the support of the Claims Conference, Elie Wiesel National Institute for Studying the Holocaust in Romania, among other philanthropic and pedagogical partners.
History.
The old synagogue of Şimleu Silvaniei was erected in 1876. During the height of its use, the synagogue was used for worship and religious ceremonies by Jewish families from the City of Şimleu Silvaniei as well as surrounding villages such as Giurtelecu Şimleului and Nuşfalău. In May/June 1944, the area's Jewish population was forced out of their homes into the brutal Cehei ghetto and from there packed into cattle cars and transported to Auschwitz-Birkenau. Over 160,000 Jews from the region perished. Of those few remaining Jews who survived the Holocaust and remained in Romania, the last Jewish family emigrated from the region during the mid-1960s, while the country was still under Communist rule. The loss of its congregation left the Synagogue to fate, decaying silently over time.
Through the inspiration of Mihaela Gross, New York Architect Adam Aaron Wapniak became interested in the abandoned synagogue's restoration on a 2003 visit, sparking the interest of Dr. Alex Hecht; a New York dentist and son of Holocaust survivors Zoltan and Stefania Hecht, native to the nearby village of Nuşfalău. Together, they launched a vigorous campaign driving the restoration project. Their efforts contributed to raising funds to complete construction, establishing educational criterion, and supported pedagogical training for the regional school systems. The Museum now functions as an educational hub and essential resource for Holocaust Education in the region. Guided tours tailored to students are offered daily, The museum centerpiece is the synagogue originally built in 1876.
Holocaust Education.
Under communism, official history in Romania taught that Germans were the sole perpetrators of the Holocaust, thereby ignoring the role of the Romanian government in the deportation of hundreds of thousands of Jews and tens of thousands of Roma (Gypsies) from Romania during World War II. After the fall of communism in 1989, wartime leader General Ion Antonescu was semi-rehabilitated and hailed as a hero by some Romanians, with monuments being erected across the country to honor the former dictator. 
Following 15 years of setbacks, in November 2004, after the presentation of the Wiesel International Commission’s report to the Romanian President, Romania finally acknowledged in an official position the full dimensions of the Romanian Holocaust. Romanian authorities have begun efforts to educate the public about the Holocaust, it also banned pro-Nazi propaganda and the cult of war criminals. In March 2005, the newly elected government under President Traian Basescu and PM Calin Popescu Tariceanu made a firm commitment to implement the Wiesel Holocaust Commission’s recommendations on educating Romanians about the Holocaust and fighting racism in society.
Thus, the Romanian authorities have taken decisive steps towards the implementation of a unitary national curriculum concerning Holocaust education. (Although Holocaust education was introduced as a mandatory topic in pre-university curricula as of 1998, for a long time history textbooks have included little (if any), divergent, and often inaccurate information on the subject). Holocaust education has been mandatory in Romanian schools, covering 2–4 hours of material in the context of World War II. In 2004, Holocaust history also became an optional course. According to an ITF study, the three main obstacles for Holocaust education facing the Ministry of Education and Research (MEC), in Romania are: lack of information on the topic, lack of diversity of information, and too few teachers trained to teach the topic.
This shift in policy paved the way for the Northern Transylvania Holocaust Memorial Museum to exercise its commitment to its educational program. In cooperation with the ministry of Education, the first ever Holocaust Education Olympiad was hosted at the Museum. In the Spring of 2008, the Museum inaugurated the Şimleu Silvaniei Multicultural Holocaust Education and Research Center; used to host lectures and seminars on the subject, with programs geared to students, teachers and academics. The teacher program encourages and helps teachers to sensitively incorporate the subject of the Holocaust into their curriculum. a discipline sorely lacking in Romania's school system.

</doc>
<doc id="20921914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921914" title="Moxon">
Moxon

Moxon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20921922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921922" title="Camissoniopsis hirtella">
Camissoniopsis hirtella

Camissoniopsis hirtella is a species of evening primrose known by the common name Santa Cruz Island suncup. It is native to California and Baja California, where it grows on the slopes of coastal and inland hills and mountains, especially in areas that have recently burned. It is an annual herb producing a hairy stem up to about half a meter in height. Most of the leaves are located in a basal rosette at ground level and are oval in shape and a few centimeters in length. The nodding inflorescence produces flowers with sepals coated in long, glandular hairs, and bright yellow petals under a centimeter long each. The petals sometimes have red dots at their bases. The fruit is a coiling capsule up to 2 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20921935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921935" title="History of Richfield, Minnesota">
History of Richfield, Minnesota

Richfield, is a city in eastern Minnesota. It is a part of the Minneapolis metro area.
Early Richfield.
While it is true that Richfield ranks as the state’s preeminent suburban postwar boomtown, there is much more to the community's story than houses. Its citizens trace the origins of their town to the 1820s and some small settlements, Minnesota’s first “suburbs,” around Fort Snelling.
By the late 1830s, the fortress served as a destination for newcomers—lumbermen, missionaries, farmers, traders and travelers—migrating to the borderlands people were now calling “Minisota.” 
Fort Snelling’s garrison made up the bulk of the area’s population, along with Henry Sibley and Alexander Faribault’s seventy-five person American Fur Company operation. The federal government licensed American Fur to locate its base at Mendota, across the Mississippi from the fort. Meanwhile, small settlements of traders, farmers, missionaries and refugees began to develop outside the walls of the fort, some with permission, some without. These residents built communities on land that would become known as Richfield.
Richfield Township is established.
The forty citizens in attendance at the organizational meeting selected Riley Bartholomew temporary chairman of the meeting, with Asa Keith moderator, and Alonzo Sawtelle clerk. Voters elected George Odell assessor, James Dunsmoor overseer of the poor, George W. Townsend and William Moffett constables, and George Irwin and Bartholomew as justices of the peace. William Finch was elected to the Hennepin County Board of Commissioners. Minutes of the town’s 1858 organizational meeting at Richland’s mill school show voters decided the community would “be hereafter known by the name of Richfield.”
Richfield taxpayers budgeted four hundred dollars for expenses and added a twenty-five-cent tax on every one hundred dollars of real estate for road improvement. Richland Mills, later known as Richfield Mills, became the de facto town and business center. The Harmony post office, south of the mill on today’s Lyndale Avenue, opened in 1854. Postmaster James Dunsmoor named the mail center after his hometown in Maine.
Other businesses, including a blacksmith shop and meat market, clustered around the mill at this town hub. Small and scattered farms dotted the Richfield landscape.
The fields of Richfield proved bountiful for the settlers. Early crops included corn, wheat and oats. Wheat immediately became the “cash” crop, sold in the area’s first major market, St. Paul. Those in the southern parts of Hennepin County found it more profitable to haul their wheat crop to St. Paul than to the St. Anthony Falls district. This occurred in the days before “King Wheat” and the evolution of Minneapolis into a milling center. In 1860 H. H. Hopkins of Richfield wrote to "Minnesota Farmer and Gardener" claiming he was getting a good yield of twenty-seven bushels of wheat per acre while handling the threshing himself. His oat yield varied from forty to seventy-five bushels per acre.
Settlers from Maine made up 35 percent of the total number of U.S.-born adults (eighteen years old or older) in 1860 Richfield. New York immigrants, at 21 percent, were a notable but distant second. Maine’s 120 and New York’s 74 adults made up more than half the American-born newcomers in the town. Fifty-eight immigrants from Ireland represented just under half of the 119 adults from other nations. Just three of Richfield’s citizens had been born in Minnesota.
The boundaries of Richfield included all of congressional township 28 Range 24 and parts of adjoining townships, which together contained about sixty-three square miles. Richfield originally ranged to Minneapolis’s Lake Street on the north, to what is now Highway 169 on the west, to Bloomington on the south, and to Fort Snelling and the Minnesota and Mississippi rivers on the east.
Parts of Richfield were later lost to neighboring towns or villages through annexation. An 1886 partition of Richfield created the village of St. Louis Park, and a later division approved April 5, 1889, produced the village of Edina. Minneapolis absorbed sizeable portions of Richfield territory through legislative action or annexations in 1867, 1883, 1887 and 1927. The growth of Twin Cities International Airport during the last half of the twentieth century and addition of land to the Fort Snelling compound meant further reductions.
These border changes have an effect on the telling of Richfield’s history. Some significant sites in state and local history once located in the community are no longer within its boundaries. For example, the site of Richfield Mills, the township’s original business and political center, is now in Minneapolis at Lyndale Avenue and Minnehaha Creek. Places such as Lake Calhoun, Lake Harriet and Minnehaha Falls once were part of Richfield.
The "City" of Fort Snelling.
In April 1856 Steele offered to pay the U.S. government fifteen dollars per acre for the entire Snelling reservation. Jefferson Davis, secretary of war, turned down the bid, but his “no” hardly discouraged the determined Minnesotan. After Steele orchestrated a complicated series of deft political moves in Washington D.C., the government agreed to sell him roughly for $90,000 on a contract for deed. The clever Frank Steele, with some financial support from several New York insiders, had outmaneuvered Minnesota rivals who cultivated their own schemes for acquiring fort lands.
The ambitious Steele, eager to turn a profit for himself and his backers, had managed to survey about of the newly acquired land just prior to the great nationwide financial collapse of 1857. He named his development City of Fort Snelling and published a map showing the new community’s layout. The economic downturn halted work on the first housing subdivision of what would become Richfield.
A maturing village.
Market gardening industry founded.
Several innovative agriculturalists founded the community’s market gardening industry in the 1870s and 1880s—Richfield’s trademark for the coming century.
In 1885 Hattie and Henry Bachman bought near 61st and Lyndale, close to the Minneapolis border, and started their own business. Using money Hattie earned as a seamstress, they bought horses to clear the land and, that spring, planted potatoes, lettuce, onions and squash.
South Minneapolis was almost fully subdivided as the twentieth century approached. Richfield farmers, in many cases by descendants of early settlers, still occupied most of the town’s land.
The remarkable growth of Minneapolis directly affected Richfield produce farmers. Minneapolis quadrupled in size between 1880 and 1895 to 192,833, surpassing St. Paul by more than fifty thousand people. Richfield farmers looked on the metropolis to its north as their marketing target. They helped supply its restaurants, hotels, grocers and citizens with fresh produce, with enough left over to ship by railroad to other cities.
Minneapolis became a favorite trading point for market gardeners in 1897 with the building of the modern, covered Second Street Market just two blocks west of Hennepin Avenue and Bridge Square. The market featured a massive platform for gardeners, including Richfield’s sizable contingent, to unload and display produce. The new system freed streets from traffic snarls by allowing each person to unhitch and put up their horses, while their wagon was backed into an assigned space. Wholesale customers could then bring their teams to the platform and start negotiating prices when the starting bell sounded.
Richfield market gardeners took advantage of new technology, and using their own ingenuity joined the march of progress. Henry Bachman continued to modernize his produce gardening operation both at the production and distribution levels. Bachman and Parker Goodspeed managed to get Dan Patch rail line stops built adjacent to their land.
Bachman methodically expanded his vegetable and garden business. Henry bought of land each time his wife Hetty delivered a child. The births of sons Fred, Arthur, and Walter in the late 1880s resulted in enough land to handle Bachman’s first ten greenhouses. By 1900 they had eight children, along with a fifteen-room house to hold their family. Henry also now had 150 hotbeds miniature topsoil gardens started in early spring, heated by a watered manure base, and covered with glass window-like sashes for moisture retention. He built the greenhouses on sunny south slopes that also allowed the coal-fired steam heat to rise uphill naturally. Steam condensed to water and returned by gravity to repeat the process. To keep up with Minnesota’s unpredictably cold weather, Bachman, at one time, employed sixteen horses to haul coal to fuel his heaters.
The market garden business boomed, and the five Bachman sons assumed more responsibility. To start them in the business, Henry gave each his own greenhouse bench and allowed them to grow whatever they wished. All except Albert grew vegetables. Influenced by Hattie’s love of flowers, young Albert planted carnations and sold them outside Oak Hill Cemetery. In the 1920s, when the market gardening business started to decline, Bachman’s shifted emphasis to flower production.
Fred Busch helped his German-born nephew, William Busch, start his own gardening operation in Richfield. Fourteen-year-old William had arrived in 1880 and learned English in local schools. He married newly arrived German immigrant Helena Bloss in 1891. The young couple soon started their own gardening business on land purchased from Richfield pioneers Dennison and Miriam Townsend. Their land at Penn Avenue, just north of the present-day Crosstown Highway, was adjacent to August Cornelius’s four-thousand-square-foot greenhouse, famous for its hothouse tomatoes, cucumbers, lettuce and assorted produce. When Cornelius’s daughter Johanna married Greenhouses, including this one on the Christ Eisele farm at 64th Street South and Lyndale, dotted the Richfield landscape. By the early 1920s, the village had “about under glass.” 
J. Emil Wagner, another name was added to the Richfield gardening center lexicon. Today, Wagner Greenhouses operates from the original Cornelius base and, like the Bachman garden and florist enterprise, is more than one hundred years old.
Smaller independent farmers also went into produce gardening. Art Hohag remembered a potato planter as his first piece of farm equipment; then came a digger and sprayer. “We would get between $2.50 to $3.00 per ton for the cabbage...and 75 cents a crate (24 quarts) for strawberries.” Potatoes brought 15 cents per bushel. Although prices were low, Hohag recalled, everything cost less. “You could get a schooner of beer for a dime and free meal to go with it.” 
The encroachment of Minneapolis.
To Richfield residents, their homes were in “farm country.” A salesman selling real estate approached Richard Herman and his father in the early 1920s while they milked cows on their 77th and Lyndale farm. The seller offered the senior Herman a deal on one entire corner, , of the intersection at Lyndale and 66th. But this major crossroad of the future did not interest Herman. It was, he said, “too far away to pasture and too rough for plowing.”
Housing developers began nibbling at Richfield’s farm country as the nineteenth century closed. New customers expected to distance themselves from a Minneapolis beset by political corruption, industrial pollution, and increasing numbers of immigrants. The reputation of Minneapolis had taken a heavy hit in 1902. Lincoln Steffens, a leader among reform-minded writer/reporters known as the “muckrakers,” exposed it as one America’s “worst governed” cities in a McClure’s Magazine article, “The Shame of Minneapolis.”Steffens also wrote extensively about government malfeasance in New York City, Philadelphia, Chicago, and St. Louis. The bad publicity of the era did not create a stampede out of these large urban centers, but more people sought sanctuary in peaceful neighborhoods far from downtown.
Builders in Richfield gave particular attention to lots near lakes and the last remaining land that bordered Minnehaha Creek. Land close to Minnehaha Falls proved an attractive target to buyers. They snapped up sites in its subdivisions, including the Fourth Addition in the town’s northeast corner bordering Franklin Steele’s original estate. The smaller Minnehaha Heights development to the east of Lake Amelia (later Lake Nokomis), the Mortimer Addition on the Minneapolis border at 54th and Lyndale, and developments to the west of Diamond Lake were complete by 1900.
Post World War II Suburban Development.
Disturbing infrastructure issues critical to the village’s future confronted the people of postwar Richfield. The village lacked classroom space and a senior high school, it had no movie theater, no bowling alley, no baseball or football field, no swimming beach, it had no city water supply or storm and sanitary sewer systems, and it faced loss of land due to expansion of the airport. World war had shoved all these problems into the background, but they were now back and more pressing than ever, it Richfield did have a new municipal liquor store and it was doing very well, producing nearly twelve thousand dollars in its first ten months of operation. Village leaders came to depend upon this money for postwar civic projects.
Even before the war’s end, a relaxation of the strict limits on building led some Richfield contractors back to their blueprints. The village issued thirty-one building permits in September 1944.
In June 1945, with war now ended in Europe and winding down in Asia, the Richfield News reported the “partial release” of building materials for the home front which proclaimed, “Richfield is starting to revert back to pre-war building activity.”
In June 1944 Congress had passed the GI Bill of Rights designed to help returning veterans restart their lives. One such benefit affected Richfield directly. The GI Bill subsidized veterans’ mortgages helping them to buy their own housing. By December 1945 the military discharged about 1.25 million men each month. The nation needed five million houses immediately, but almost no homes were available. In Richfield and other suburbs a new kind of American army, a legion of house builders, put up modest, single-family dwellings to combat the housing shortage. Richfield became a Minnesota model for suburban growth.
Between 1940 and 1950, Richfield experienced a population increase of 363 percent. During the following five-year period the city nearly doubled its populace again, pushing toward a total of thirty-five thousand. Already ranked as Minnesota’s sixth largest community, there was no question the booming suburb would surpass forty thousand residents by the end of the decade.
Richfield held the unofficial title of Minnesota’s “fastest growing community,” the most prominent among those suburbs growing up around Minneapolis and St. Paul. During the 1950s, America’s suburban population grew at a rate three times faster than that of central cities. Suburbanites made up just over one-quarter of the population in the nation’s metropolitan areas in 1950. Ten years later, about half of metro area residents lived in the suburbs.
Richfield’s farm fields filled with homes during the twenty-five years following World War II. By 1970 all developable land in the community was taken.
Home construction crews applied the “mass-production” systems perfected by the American auto industry. Marlin Grant began his career in construction as a Richfield carpenter and saw the home building process as “fun.” Local builders used just two or three basic house designs, so Grant and his colleagues carried blueprints in their heads. As one writer noted of suburban builders, "it was not the assembly line that moved but the workers.
The people of Richfield embraced their city’s reputation as a “bedroom community” and used that term in describing it. They made a conscious decision to build few sidewalks in the village, readily adopting the prevailing suburban notion that streets were enough. “We wanted people to know that when they cross 62 (the Crosstown Highway border) they weren’t in Minneapolis anymore,” said a proud citizen of more than five decades.

</doc>
<doc id="20921947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921947" title="List of 2009 box office number-one films in the United States">
List of 2009 box office number-one films in the United States

This is a list of films which have placed number one at the weekend box office in the United States during 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20921962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921962" title="Finnish National Board of Antiquities">
Finnish National Board of Antiquities

The Finnish National Board of Antiquities preserves Finland's material cultural heritage: collects, studies and distributes knowledge of it. The Board is a cultural and research institution, but it is also a government authority charged with the protection of archaeological sites, built heritage, cultural-historically valuable environments and cultural property, in collaboration with other officials and museums.
The Board offers a wide range and diversified range of services, a professional staff of specialists, the exhibitions and collections of its several museums, extensive archives, and a specialized scientific library, all of which are at the disposal of the general public.
The National Board of Antiquities of Finland is attached to the Ministry of Education.
History.
The oldest directives concerning antiquities were given in Sweden-Finland in 1666, when prehistoric sites and other antiquarian monuments were declared to be under the protection of the State. The clergy were ordered to compile descriptions of the sites of antiquarian and topographical interest that were to be found in their parishes, and around 20 such descriptions from Finland were eventually sent to the newly founded Antiquities College in Stockholm. In the 1680s, the law was extended to include precious metal objects found in the ground; these were to be offered to the Crown, which could claim them against a reward.
In the 1700s, the antiquities laws were augmented several times, most notably in the legislation of 1734. This period saw the rise of the view that antiquities formed part of the national cultural heritage since they represented the works of the ancestors.
After the Russo-Swedish War of 1808–1809, Finland became a part of Russia as an autonomous Grand Duchy. Though the Swedish law of 1734 was still in force, no public authority was charged with overseeing the antiquities legislation. As romanticism and nationalism began to awaken, so did general concerns over the gradual deterioration of the medieval castles and stone churches.
In 1870, the Finnish Antiquarian Society was formed to care for and document national historical monuments. The Antiquarian Society, by its activity, greatly influenced the development of Finnish antiquities legislation and administration. The Decree on the Protection of Ancient Monuments was given in 1883, and the next year saw the founding of the Archaeological Bureau, later renamed the State Archaeological Commission, charged with "the general care of country's ancient monuments".
The Archaeological Commission was reorganized in 1972 and became the National Board of Antiquities.

</doc>
<doc id="20921963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921963" title="SS Empire Antelope">
SS Empire Antelope

Empire Antelope was a 4,782 ton cargo ship which was built as Ophis in 1919. She was renamed Bangu in 1928. In 1941 she was renamed "Empire Antelope". She was sunk by "U-402" on 2 November 1942.
History.
"Ophis" was built by Todd Dry Dock and Construction Corporation, Tacoma as yard number 9. She was allocated United States Shipping Board hull number 2630. She was launched on 30 July 1919 and completed on 5 August 1919. Delivery was on 30 September 1919. "Ophis" was powered by a triple expansion steam engine and could make 10 knots.
She was owned by the United States Shipping Board. In March 1920, Maritime Salvors Ltd, London reported that they had been involved in the salvage of "Ophis". On 29 November 1920, "Ophis" came to the rescue of the Norwegian 3-masted barque "Hebe", which had been dismasted off the Azores, Portugal. "Hebe" was towed in to Fayal. In 1928, she was renamed "Bangu" On 26 January 1931, she lost her propeller south of Bahía Blanca, Argentina. She was passed to the United States Maritime Commission in 1937, and laid up as part of the reserve fleet. In 1941, "Bangu" passed to the Ministry of War Transport and was renamed "Empire Antelope".
War Service.
"Empire Antelope" was a member of a number of convoys during World War II.
Convoy ON 37 sailed from Liverpool on 15 November 1941 and dispersed during the night of November 23/34. "Empire Antelope" sailed from Aultbea.
Convoy SC 77 departed Halifax, Nova Scotia on 30 March 1942 and arrived at Liverpool on 16 April. "Empire Antelope" was carrying a cargo of steel and other general cargo, destined for Garston.
Convoy SC 94 departed Sydney, Nova Scotia on 31 July 1942. Five ships from the convoy were torpedoed by simultaneous attacks of "U-176" and "U-379" at 13:25Z on 8 August. Detonations of the five sinking ships caused hasty abandonment of three additional ships (including "Empire Antelope") whose crews believed they had been torpedoed. "Empire Antelope"s crewmen reboarded their slightly damaged ship and arrived at Liverpool on 13 August.
"Empire Antelope" departed New York City on 24 October 1942 with 5,560 tons of general cargo as a member of Convoy SC 107. At 08:04 hrs (CET) on 2 November 1942, "U-402", captained by Baron Siegfried von Forstner, fired a torpedo and sank "Empire Antelope" at . All fifty crew members were saved by convoy rescue ship SS "Stockport" and landed at Reykjavík on 8 November.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Bangu" used the US Official Number 219009 and the Code Letters LTDP. "Empire Antelope" used the UK Official Number 168205 and the Code Letters BCGT.

</doc>
<doc id="20921966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921966" title="Camissoniopsis intermedia">
Camissoniopsis intermedia

Camissoniopsis intermedia is a species of evening primrose known by the common name intermediate suncup. It is native to California and Baja California, where it grows on the slopes of coastal and inland hills and mountains, especially in areas that have recently burned. It is an annual herb producing an erect, hairy stem up to about half a meter in height. Most of the leaves are located in a basal rosette at ground level and are oval to lance-shaped and up to 12 centimeters in length. The hairy, nodding inflorescence produces flowers with yellow petals just a few millimeters in length. The petals have one or two red dots at their bases. The fruit is a straight or coiling, wormlike capsule up to 2.5 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20921979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921979" title="Ophis">
Ophis

Ophis is Greek for "serpent", and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20921983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921983" title="Seán Carroll">
Seán Carroll

Seán Carroll (20 January 1892 – 1 February 1954) was an Irish politician. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) for the Limerick constituency at the 1923 general election. He did not take his seat in the Dáil due to Sinn Féin's abstentionist policy. He did not contest the June 1927 general election. He stood as a Clann na Poblachta candidate at the 1948 general election for the Limerick East constituency but was not elected.

</doc>
<doc id="20921989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20921989" title="Baisogala">
Baisogala

Baisogala is a small town in Lithuania. It is situated on the crossroads of Kėdainiai–Šeduva and Raseiniai–Šeduva roads. According to the 2001 census, it had 2,548 residents.
History.
Baisogala is first mentioned in written sources in 1539 when King Sigismund I the Old established a parish with seat in the town. Archeologists discovered cemeteries from the 5th and 6th centuries near the town suggesting the people inhabited the area well before the 16th century. In the 17th century, the town was granted to the Radziwiłł family and changed hands a few times. In 1791 the town was granted city privileges according to the Magdeburg law. Eventually, the town was bought in 1830 by Joseph Komar, a former colonel of Napoleon Bonaparte. The Komar family remained in Baisogala until 1940 when the Soviets arrested and deported the family to Kazachstan. Their large and decorated manor is quite well preserved and surrounded by park.
Religion.
The first church was built by King Sigismund II Augustus, but it did not survive. Church in the present location was built in 1781 and rebuilt in 1882 with financial support from the Komar family.

</doc>
<doc id="20922000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922000" title="Winnipeg Enterprises Corporation">
Winnipeg Enterprises Corporation

Winnipeg Enterprises Corporation (WEC) was a non-profit organization in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada that owned and operated Winnipeg Stadium and Winnipeg Arena. It was established in 1952 by a group led by Winnipeg Blue Bombers president Culver Riley in an attempt to build a new football stadium at Polo Park. The city gave its approval in August 1952 and WEC was mandated under the "The Winnipeg Enterprises Corporation Incorporation Act" to be an arms-length body that, in the public interest, would oversee the building and operation of the stadium. Soon after the stadium was completed, WEC was given approval to build the new 9,500 seat Winnipeg Arena next to the Stadium.
WEC remained the landlord for both facilities until 2004, when its assets were transferred to the city's direct control and WEC's operations were wound down. Operation of the stadium was turned over to the Blue Bombers football club. The Winnipeg Arena was rendered obsolete and demolished. 

</doc>
<doc id="20922034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922034" title="Tommy Moore (baseball)">
Tommy Moore (baseball)

Tommy Joe Moore (born July 7, 1948 in Lynwood, California) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the New York Mets (-), St. Louis Cardinals (), Texas Rangers (1975), and Seattle Mariners ().

</doc>
<doc id="20922035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922035" title="University of Kajaani">
University of Kajaani

Kajaani University Consortium is one of the six University Consortiums in Finland that started in the beginning of 2004. Kajaani University Consortium is a concentration of know-how formed by the university activities in Kainuu. In the University Consortium, co-operation is done with the Universities of Joensuu, Jyväskylä, Kuopio and Lapland, co-ordinated by the University of Oulu.

</doc>
<doc id="20922064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922064" title="Ghislain Marie Raoul Suzanne de Rasilly">
Ghislain Marie Raoul Suzanne de Rasilly

Ghislain Marie Raoul Suzanne de Rasilly (July 9, 1943 Juvardeil, France) is the current Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Wallis et Futuna since August 7, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20922073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922073" title="Cynthia Flood">
Cynthia Flood

Cynthia Flood (born September 17, 1940) is a Canadian short-story writer and novelist. The daughter of novelist Luella Creighton and historian Donald Creighton, she grew up in Toronto (with 2 years in England). After attending the University of Toronto she spent some years in the US, and came to British Columbia in 1969.
She was active in many socialist, feminist, anti-war, and environmental groups, and in the faculty union while an English instructor at Langara College. She also briefly taught creative writing in Simon Fraser University's Writing & Publishing program.
Cynthia Flood's first two collections of short stories are "The Animals In Their Elements" (Talonbooks, 1987) and "My Father Took A Cake To France" (Talonbooks, 1992). The title story of the latter won the Journey Prize in 1990. Her short fiction has appeared in many Canadian literary magazines and widely anthologized, and has appeared in "Best Canadian Stories" three times. Her first novel was "Making A Stone of the Heart" (Key Porter, 2002).
Her latest collection, "The English Stories" was published in April 2009 by Biblioasis. Reviewing the book for the "Toronto Globe and Mail", Lynda Grace Philippsen described it as "perfect summer reading. Without being light or trite it can be picked up and put down with ease, and the characters linger with the reader long after." These short fictions are set in 1950s England. One, "Religious Knowledge," won the National Magazine Gold Award in 2000, after its publication in "PRISM International". Another, "Learning To Dance," is included in "Best Canadian Stories 2008", edited by John Metcalf.
Flood's new collection of short fictions, "Red Girl Rat Boy," will appear from Biblioasis in September 2013. One story, "Addresses," will appear in the 2013 edition of "Best Canadian Stories", ed John Metcalf, from Oberon.

</doc>
<doc id="20922078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922078" title="1913 Binghamton Factory Fire">
1913 Binghamton Factory Fire

The 1913 Binghamton factory fire occurred on July 22, 1913, on the premises of the Binghamton Clothing Company, in Binghamton, New York. It destroyed the Wall Street building in less than 20 minutes, killing 31 of the more than 100 people inside. Though not as deadly as the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire in 1911, it put even more pressure on New York officials to strengthen life safety codes, increase funding for more inspectors, and increase penalties for violations.
Fire.
The Binghamton Clothing Company was located in a former cigar factory on Wall Street, and produced men's overalls. The employees, mostly young women, were hard at work in the four-story building on that Tuesday afternoon. The exact number of workers is uncertain; early reports claimed as many as 150 were working, but after a few days the number settled between 110 and 125. Almost all the doors and windows were open due to the July heat, and a strong wind was blowing. Even so, the building was unusually hot. One of the employees noticed it at about 1 pm, and claimed she smelled smoke an hour later.
The fire likely began after lunch when an employee carelessly tossed a cigarette down into the second floor stairwell, where it landed on a pile of highly flammable plush material on the first floor. The high wind and the great ventilation provided by the open windows and doors combined to start a conflagration. The stairways quickly became chimneys for the smoke and flames, leading to the greatest loss of life on the third and fourth floors.
A fire alarm sounded at about 2:30 but many workers, lightly clothed due to the summer heat, initially refused to take the fire alarm seriously, believing it to be just another of the frequent fire drills. Unlike the serial rings of the fire drill gong, the actual alarm was sounding continuously, which may have confused some workers.
Nellie Connor was recognized for her efforts to save the lives of her co-workers. Employed by the company for 31 years, Nellie was looked upon as a mother figure by many of the girls at the factory. Although she did her best to hurry others out of the building, Nellie herself never made it out alive. A 16-year company foreman, Sidney Dimmock, was credited with carrying two women to safety before returning to the building to attempt to rescue others from the flames. He did not escape the smoke and flames. Reed Freeman, owner of the company, attempted to douse the flames with buckets of water, to no avail. He and his wife were able to raise the alarm and escaped along with many of the workers on the first and second floors.
At the time of the fire, the nearest fire company was busy on another call. By the time the Binghamton Fire Department arrived, the heat from the fire was so intense they were unable to get anywhere close to the building to attempt rescue. The structure was completely consumed and was a total loss by 4 pm, about 90 minutes after the first report of smoke. Firefighters were kept busy trying to save nearby structures that were endangered by flames fed by the steady breeze. Their efforts were hindered by low water pressure due to a continuing drought. The stone exterior of the post office building on Wall Street suffered severe scorching from the fire.
Aftermath.
In the coming days, thousands of mourners attended the funeral procession, and some of the remains, charred beyond recognition, were placed in a common grave at Spring Forest Cemetery. The fire is the largest loss of life from a single event to take place in Binghamton. A memorial to the victims is located in Spring Forest Cemetery, and a memorial plaque on Wall Street marks the location of the tragic fire.

</doc>
<doc id="20922109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922109" title="Denver crime family">
Denver crime family

The Denver crime family, also called the Smaldone crime family, was a small organized mob family based in Denver, Colorado.
Early Years.
The Denver family was found by Giuseppe Roma in the 1920s. On the 7th of July 1927, Giuseppe was shot and killed outside his home by the Carlino Brothers Pete and Sam from Colorado, Pete was nicknamed "the Al Capone of southern Colorado." Giuseppe's younger brother Joe Roma took full charge of the Denver Crime Family.
Sparking the first Gang War.
By the early 1930s, the brothers felt they were strong enough to expand their bootlegging empire and take control of the Denver area. Joe Roma, the boss of the city, agreed to a sit down with the brothers in an effort to head off a gang war. On January 24, 1931, Roma sponsored a meeting of 30 of Colorado's top bootleggers. The police department was informed of the meeting, which was being held in the city's Italian district, and sent a raiding party. Unfortunately the meeting was interrupted before a compromise was agreed upon, and the police, unwittingly, ignited a gang war.
The Denver Shootings.
On February 18, 1931, Joe Roma sent Denver assassins to kill Pete Carlino. The assassins got a heads up by the neighborhood saying Pete was meeting his cousin around the street. The gunmen came out of a huge crowd in the street and started firing bullets at Pete, Pete was shot two times in the head and still survived. Pete Carlino on June 23, 1931, had been arrested on a charge of conspiracy to commit arson.
Finishing Pete.
Pete left Denver and moved in with a cousin in Chicago. On September 9, 1932, Pete returned to Denver and met another cousin in Canon City. Joe shot Pete for approximately two minutes to ensure his death. Joe spared his cousin and told him to never return to the city again.
Finishing Sam.
Denver crime family hitmen brutally shot and stabbed Sam in the town of Cherry Creek, Colorado.
Smaldone Brothers.
The three brothers, Eugene "Checkers," Clyde "Flip Flop," and Clarence "Chauncey" owned and operated Gaetano's Italian restaurant, a popular spot in north Denver, for years. The rise of the family began in 1933 after crimeboss bootlegger Joe Roma was found riddled by 7 bullets in the front parlor of his North Denver home. Six of the shots were to Roma's head. His wife, Nettie, found him slumped in his favorite overstuffed chair. The Smaldones were questioned but not charged.
Clyde Smaldone.
Clyde was born in 1906; his lengthy criminal record began with a burglary charge in 1920. He served 18 months in Leavenworth for bootlegging in 1933. Three years later he served time for the attempted bombing murder of a local man named Leon Barnes. Paroled in 1949, he confessed to paying protection money for his Central City gambling enterprises.
In 1953 Clyde and Eugene made headlines after a publicized raid of one of their gambling dens in Brighton, Colorado. Later that year both brothers were found guilty of jury tampering, fined $24,000 each, and sentenced to 60 years in prison. After spending 13 months in jail the brothers received a new trial. Clyde pled guilty to a lesser tampering charge and was sentenced to 12 years and fined $10,000. He was paroled in 1962. In 1967, Clyde and several others, including Eugene's son were arrested on gambling charges and for running a $100,000 a week bookmaking operation.
Clyde died at the Cedars Nursing Home at the age of 91, in January 1998. His son told reporters that despite his father's criminal past, he had a soft side and donated to local orphanages, churches and schools.
Eugene Smaldone.
Eugene was recognized as Northern Colorado's leading crime figure and described as the patriarch of the Denver Crime Family. Although suspected of taking part in, or being behind, several killings, Eugene was never indicted for murder. Eugene's arrest record showed entries for auto theft, bootlegging and income tax evasion. A local law official described Eugene as "the schoolteacher type. He wore glasses. Very polite. Very civil." His final prison sentence was in 1983. The charges were for operating a loan shark business out of Gaetano's. Eugene along with Clarence, and a nephew, Paul Clyde "Fat Paulie" Villano, pled guilty to the charges which also included illegal gun possession. Eugene Smaldone died in March 1992 of a heart attack at the age of 81. After Eugene's funeral, a relative wrote to the Denver newspapers complaining of the pain the media had caused the family and pleaded to be left alone.
Clarence Smaldone.
Clarence was born on 1916, Clarence died on 2006, and was considered the underboss of a two-member mob family. In 1991, Clarence was released from a Fort Worth prison hospital after serving eight years for the 1983 loan sharking conviction. The FBI had no one listed as boss at this time.
Current status.
In November 2006, Denver Boss Clarence "Chauncey" Smaldone died. Eugene Smaldone's grandson, also named Eugene Smaldone, is the last surviving member of the Smaldone crime family.

</doc>
<doc id="20922117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922117" title="Kolofau">
Kolofau

Kolofau (formerly known as Mont de Bougainville) is a mountain in the Wallis and Futuna islands, a French territory in the Pacific Ocean. It is the highest point on Alofi Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20922127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922127" title="Maximum Bob (singer)">
Maximum Bob (singer)

Robert Barnum, better known under his stage name Maximum Bob, is an American musician known for his work as the lead singer and founding member of rock band Deli Creeps and for his singing on various releases related to avant-garde guitarist Buckethead.
Music career.
Maximum Bob first attracted public attention when performing backup vocals for the band Mr. Bungle. This only lasted a short time, recording only one album with them, their debut album "Mr. Bungle" in 1991. After this, he became the full-time lead singer for the Deli Creeps alongside friend and guitarist, Buckethead. Combining hard rock with shock factors based on the Sawyer family from the movie "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre", they played shows for a short time with Mr. Bungle. In 1999, after creating two demo tapes with the Deli Creeps (one in 1991 and the other in 1996) and touring along the San Francisco Bay area, Maximum Bob contributed to Buckethead's "Personalized Recordings", and a year later fronted "The Hook And Pull Gang", a Deli Creeps derivate that is not to be confused with the 80s punk rock band from Edinburgh, Scotland.
The Deli Creeps reactivated for a tour in 2003 and finally released their studio album "Dawn of the Deli Creeps" in 2005. Afterwards, the band went on a hiatus. Travis Dickerson, the owner of the Creeps' record label TDRS music, stated in a 2003 interview that there might be plans for a Maximum Bob solo album, but didn't give any specific dates. This was revived in 2008.
Meanwhile, Maximum Bob has contributed vocals and lyrics for "The Hand" off Buckethead's all-star album "Enter the Chicken" (2005, re-released in 2008) as well as singing parts of "Worship" on "Profanation (Preparation for a Coming Darkness)", an album by Bill Laswell led supergroup Praxis, released in January 2008 but recorded years earlier.
Performance style.
Maximum Bob is known for his unorthodox behavior on stage. Among the things he has done, he has stopped songs to ask the audience a question (though it usually doesn't interrupt the overall flow of the song), erratically moving around on the stage making strange gestures and noises, and making extremely dark and sexual jokes with the audience, usually about sex and murder. These all play into the dark and psychotic theme of the band. He also uses a form of recitative with onomatopoeic stuttering as part of the act.
Musical style.
Maximum Bob uses a wide range, using deep and high pitched singing. He usually delivers lyrics in either slow short sections or long fast spoken segments in a deep bass range. His delivery of the chorus uses either deep or high pitched singing or, in studio recorded material, both at the same time, usually creating octaves.
Personal life.
Prior to a surprise appearance on the reality show "Trick My Trucker", little to nothing was known about Barnum's past, apart from the musical projects he had been involved with. Before the album "Enter the Chicken", the only album that refers to him by his birthname, he was only known by his stage name, and remains out of the public eye. Despite this, the official biography of Buckethead states that Maximum Bob was the one who took Buckethead in. Barnum is not to be confused with artist Robert L. Barnum.
Appearance on CMT/Trick my Trucker.
In 2007, Barnum was a selected contestant on the fourth episode of the CMT reality series "Trick My Trucker". During the show, many of the unknown elements of his life were revealed and made public. It was revealed that he currently lives in Hesperia, California with his wife of six years (as of 2007) Angelique, and their three children, however his current career was never mentioned. The episode also never mentions though his work as a musician, other than an allusion to it when host Bob Guiney tells the audience to "see if spending time with us has brought him back to rock star status".

</doc>
<doc id="20922136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922136" title="Dominic Tomasi">
Dominic Tomasi

Dominic Tomasi (born 1928) is an American football player who played guard for the University of Michigan Wolverines. He was a four-year starter and was selected as both the captain and Most Valuable Player of the National Champion 1948 Michigan Wolverines football team.
High school.
A native of Flint, Michigan, Tomasi attended Flint Northern High School. In 1944, at age 16, the 5 foot, 8 inch, 178 pound Tomasi was selected by the Associated Press to its All-Michigan football team at the guard position.
University of Michigan.
In 1945, Tomasi enrolled at the University of Michigan where he played both football for Fritz Crisler and baseball for Ray Fischer. Tomasi was a four-year starter for the 1945, 1946, 1947 and 1948 Michigan Wolverines football teams that won 23 straight games (including undefeated seasons in 1947 and 1948), defeated USC, 49-0, in the 1948 Rose Bowl. During his sophomore year, Tomasi's photograph was published in newspapers across the country with a caption calling him "a charging block of granite for the Michigan Wolverines," and he was selected as a second-team All-Big Ten guard by the conference coaches.
Before the 1947 season got underway, one writer noted that Tomasi "is back for more and will give anyone a race for All-America honors." The 1947 Michigan Wolverines team completed the season undefeated. The Wolverines outscored their opponents 394-53, and Coach Fritz Crisler credited Tomasi "for much of his team's offensive punch." Tomasi was again named to the second-team All-Big Ten team. Tomasi's blocking in the 1948 Rose Bowl helped Michigan outscore the USC Trojans 49-0, and in March 1948, his teammates elected him to be captain of the 1948 team—the first time a guard had been selected as Michigan's captain in 33 years.
In 1948, Tomasi was both team captain and one of the top performers on Michigan's second consecutive undefeated team. In October 1948, one columnist described Tomasi's role as follows:"As long as Michigan has operatives like Dominic Tomasi, the hard-hitting guard who captains the team, the Wolverines will give a good account of themselves. Tomasi isn't big as linemen of the Western Conference run, but he is one of the very best guards in intercollegiate circles. He stands only five, ten and weighs 180 pounds, tops, yet he has been a regular since he began playing as a 17-year-old freshman. Extremely fast, and a deadly blocker, 'Tommy' is the key man of the Wolverine offense. His ability to 'turn corners' at full speed and block with split-second precision means as much yardage to Michigan as if he were an All-America ball carrier. Tomasi is also an outstanding second baseman on Michigan's championship baseball team and his work has attracted several big league scouts. As in football, he has been a regular since 1946. He shows the same hustle and keen competitive instinct on the diamond as he does on the gridiron."
The 1948 Wolverine team was undefeated for the second consecutive season and was selected as the National Championship team in the final Associated Press poll. At the conclusion of the 1948 season, Tomasi was selected as the team's Most Valuable Player, a first-team All-Big Ten guard, and a third-team All-American by the Football Writers Association of America, and the Central Press Association and Newspaper Enterprise Association.
Later years.
In 1949, Tomasi passed on a chance to play professional football for the Chicago Bears and instead joined Michigan's coaching staff as a line coach. He also played baseball in the Northern loop, batting .340 and hitting 27 home runs.
He was inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 1994.
The University of Michigan Club of Greater Flint awards an annual Dominic Tomasi Scholarship to a resident of Genesee County, Michigan who played a varsity sport and will attend the University of Michigan as a full-time undergraduate student.

</doc>
<doc id="20922144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922144" title="Chegdomyn">
Chegdomyn

Chegdomyn () is an urban locality (a work settlement) and the administrative center of Verkhnebureinsky District of Khabarovsk Krai, Russia. Population: 
Geography.
The settlement is situated in the Bureya River basin, just north of the Baikal-Amur Mainline (BAM). A branch line connects Chegdomyn to Novy Urgal on the BAM. It is located in the valley of the Chegdomyn River, near its confluence with the Urgal. Chegdomyn is located about northwest of the krai's administrative center of Khabarovsk.
History.
It was founded in 1939, with the beginning of black coal mining in the area. At the same time, construction of a branch line from the Trans-Siberian Railway at Isvestkovaya to Chegdomyn was begun, although it was dismantled during World War II and its tracks reused in construction projects closer to the front.
After the end of the war, the railway was rebuilt, opening in 1951. Coal mining resumed in 1948, and Chegdomyn was granted urban-type settlement status in 1949.
Economy.
The settlement's main industry remains coal mining by "Urgalugol", now owned by the Siberian Coal Energy Company. There is also some timber production in the surrounding area.
Transportation.
Chegdomyn is the terminus of a long branch railway from the station Isvestkovaya on the Trans-Siberian Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="20922156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922156" title="Mala'e (Futuna)">
Mala'e (Futuna)

Mala'e is the administrative centre of the chiefdom of Alo on the French Pacific island of Futuna, part of the Wallis and Futuna group. It is located in the centre of the island's south coast.
Its population according to the 2008 census was 224 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20922165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922165" title="Leava">
Leava

Leava is a village and the administrative centre of the chiefdom of Sigave on the French Pacific island of Futuna, part of the Wallis and Futuna group.
Overview.
It is located on the shore of Singave Bay in the centre of the island's west coast, and has a population of 480.

</doc>
<doc id="20922169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922169" title="Alling Abbey">
Alling Abbey

Alling Abbey was one of the last Benedictine monasteries to be built in Denmark. It was located at the eastern end of Alling Lake, north of Silkeborg.
History.
Alling Abbey, dedicated to Saint John, was built at the lower end of Alling Lake near the town of Svostrup sometime before 1250. There was a connection between the closure of Vejerslev Abbey in 1231 and the building of the abbey at Alling which was partially filled with 'unruly' monks from Vejerslev. The constructed abbey is mentioned first in 1250.
The abbey was constructed in the familiar pattern. Three ranges adjoined St. John's Church forming a four-sided enclosure to separate the monks from the world. The east range contained the chapter hall and dormitory. The north range was the refectory, work area, perhaps scriptorium, and cellars for storage. The west range housed the lay brothers who lived in the abbey and performed much of the worldly work required to keep the monastery operating. To the south was St. John's Church, with a single nave, choir and angular apse. It had no tower. Since the abbey was isolated from any town, the church was used only by the monks or occasional travellers. Women were not permitted, except on holy days. A canal was dug from Grønbæk to bring fresh water to the monastery and then carry it off to Alling Lake.
Over the centuries the abbey came into possession of many farms and owned the rights to most of the churches in the area. For most of the time the abbey had running disputes with the Bishops of Århus over income properties.
The Danish Reformation in 1536 brought all religious institutions and their income properties to the crown. In 1538 Abbot Hans Lauridsen, the abbey's last, turned the keys over to Johannes Hŏcken, a secular nobleman ("lensmand") to look after the king's interest in the property. He then took off his habit and became the first Lutheran pastor at Svostrup Church. The monks were permitted to remain for a time until the abbey was closed sometime before 1540.
The property was mortgaged to Johan Hŏcken in 1539 and 1543. The mortgage was redeemed by Jakob Berthelsen, bailiff of Silkeborg Castle in 1573 and the entire abbey was razed for the building materials that could be sold from the site. The archives of the abbey were moved to Silkeborg Castle, inventoried in the late 16th century, and then disappeared. A few letters between abbots and other church leaders exist in the State Archive.
Several excavations, the latest in 1989, identified the abbey's precise location, so that it has been completely mapped. The site has been protected as a national historic location since 1901. Portions of the foundation have been left exposed so visitors can see how the abbey was laid out.

</doc>
<doc id="20922186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922186" title="Sociedad Mexicana de Geografía y Estadística">
Sociedad Mexicana de Geografía y Estadística

Sociedad Mexicana de Geografía y Estadística (Mexican Society for Geography and Statistics) is a national organization founded on 18 April 1833 to promote the mapping and boundary demarcation of the newly independent Mexican state. It was founded with the help of a number of governmental agencies and through the efforts of Valentín Gómez Farías. It was the first geographical society in the Americas and the fourth in the world.
From the beginning, the scope of projects was very broad, covering not only the physiography of the territory but also its natural resources and their potential for development. Also included in their study was the nature of the population, its size, age distribution, ethnic and linguistic makeup. One of the first publications was in 1850, the work of geographer Antonio García Cubas, followed by an atlas of the republic, started in 1841 and completed in 1850, but not published for several years due to lack of funds.
Among the achievements of the Society were:
Currently the Society contributes to the research, analysis and understanding of the major problems of Mexico through its 55 specialized academies and local societies involved in the various Mexican states. This includes close ties with Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía (INEGI), and working with the various Mexican universities as well as with major U.S. institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="20922191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922191" title="Robert Richardson Sears">
Robert Richardson Sears

Dr. Robert Richardson Sears (August 31, 1908-May 22, 1989) was an eminent American psychologist who specialized in child psychology. He was born in Palo Alto, California to Jesse Brundage Sears, a professor at Stanford University, and Stella Louise (Richardson) Sears. He was married on June 25, 1932 to Pauline Kirkpatrick Snedden, who co-authored a book with him and with whom he shared an award for achievement in psychology late in their lives. He was for many years the head of the psychology department at Stanford and later dean of the School of Humanities and Sciences there, continued the long-term I.Q. studies of Lewis Madison Terman at Stanford, and authored many pivotal papers and books on various aspects of psychology.
Education.
As a child Sears attended Palo Alto Union High School. He received his "Artium Baccalaureus" degree from Stanford in 1929 and a Ph. D. from Yale University in 1932.
Professional life.
After leaving Yale, Sears was first an instructor in psychology at the University of Illinois from 1932 to 1936 and at the same time was a clinical psychologist at the Institute for Juvenile Research there. He returned to Yale as an associate professor of psychology in 1936 and remained there until 1942.
From 1942 until 1949 he was director of the Iowa Child Welfare Research Station at the University of Iowa. where he worked with such luminaries as Kurt Zadek Lewin From 1949 until 1953 he directed the Laboratory of Human Development at the Harvard Graduate School of Education.
In 1953 Sears returned to Stanford where he served as chair of the Psychology department until 1961, Dean of the School of Humanities and Sciences from 1961 to 1970, and David Starr Jordan Professor of Psychology from 1970 until 1975.
Sears was president of the American Psychological Association in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="20922192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922192" title="Michael Kilroy">
Michael Kilroy

Michael Kilroy (14 September 1884 – 23 December 1962) was an Irish politician and guerrilla leader. He was an Irish Republican Army (IRA) officer in his native County Mayo, during the Irish War of Independence and Irish Civil War. Subsequently, he was a Sinn Féin and later Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for Mayo South.
Guerrilla leader.
Michael Kilroy was born in Derrylahan townland, Newport, County Mayo on 14 September 1884. He was the son of Edward and Matilda Kilroy and one of ten in family. He was a carpenter and coachbuilder and learned his trade in Claremorris when he was 16 years and lodged with the Stratford Family in Mount Street, Claremorris. He was married to Ann Leonard of Crossmolina and they had eight in family. As a child he was raised with his maternal grandmother who was also Kilroy in the townland of Carrickaneady, Newport and went to school in Culmore in the 1890s where he was greatly influenced by the nationalistically minded Martin Casey, the Head Master. Mr. Casey instilled in his pupils a great love of Irish history that would remain with Kilroy all his life.
A booklet on the life of Michael Kilroy was published in 2008, Michael Kilroy – A Life 1884 – 1962 and is available in Mayo County Libraries.
The IRA in West Mayo was relatively quiet until January 1921, when Michael Kilroy, who was described as, "a puritanical and ascetic blacksmith" took over command of the brigade after the previous leader Thomas Derrig was arrested by the British.
There were four Battalions in the West Mayo Brigade, The First Battalion was in Castlebar, the Second Battalion was in Newport, the Third Battalion was in Westport and the Fourth Battalion was in Lousiburgh. In his earlier career with the Movement for Independence, Kilroy had been an organiser for the IRB in the west and had been one of the founder members of the Volunteer Company in Newport in February 1914 and was the O/C and also Quarter Master of the Mayo Brigade of the Irish Volunteers.
Kilroy formed a flying column of 40–50 men to carry out attacks on British forces in the area. On 6 May 1921, they suffered a reverse at Islandeady, when a British patrol came upon the IRA men cutting a road, 3 IRA members were killed and 2 captured.
Another setback was to follow; at the Kilmeena ambush on 19 May 1921, 6 IRA men were killed and 7 wounded. One Royal Irish Constabulary and one Black and Tans policemen were also killed in the action. After the ambush at Kilmeena the column retreated to the hill country of Skirdagh to the north east of Newport where they were forced to retreat when a patrol from Newport came into the village the gallant men of the West Mayo Brigade held them off and the wounded were got away to safety. This was on 23 May 1921 and the column was hidden in the hills of the Nephin range and in the Glenisland area until the RIC, Tans and the Border regiment lifted the cordon. One volunteer from Newport was killed at Skirdagh and a number of the RIC including a District Inspector was killed. It was a crucial week in the survival of the column because they were attacked from the rear at Kilmeena and could have been wiped out at this action.
The Crown forces burned houses including the home of Michael Kilroy on 20 May 1921 and the same would happen after the Carrowkennedy Ambush in June 1921. The south west Mayo area suffered greatly during these months of 1921 due to the ambushes.
On 2 June 1921 in an action at Carrowkennedy, they killed 8 Tans and captured 16 members of the RIC along with a Lewis Machine gun and rifles and ammunition. The ambush began after the convoy or patrol left Darby Hastings pub at Carrowkennedy and one of the column fired early hitting the driver of the first vehicle and after a protracted period of firing in which a number of Tans were killed, an explosion in one of the lorries brought an end to the firing. Two of the wounded Tans died later. The 16 RIC referred to earlier surrendered in a nearby cottage. The Column went on the run for the next six weeks until the Truce. The first casualty in the ambush was District Inspector Stevenson.
He opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty in 1922 and sided with the Anti-Treaty IRA during the Civil War with the Irish Free State forces in 1922–23. He served on the Army Executive of the IRA in this period. In October 1922 he was appointed O/C of the 4th Western Division and later the Western Command in September 1922, the 4th Western Division covered North Mayo, West Mayo and West Connemara.
In the early months of the Civil War, he and his men dominated the West Mayo area and successfully ambushed Free State Army troops on several occasions. The Government forces also had to evacuate their garrison at Newport and carried out a successful attack on Clifden, capturing the Army post there on 29 October 1922. They also captured Ballina in September 1922. They fought a battle at Glenamoy on 16 September 1922 where 6 Free State Troops were killed and five wounded, one Republican Officer was wounded.
However the Free State then sent an expedition to the North Mayo/Connemara area, which succeeded after some fighting, in capturing Michael Kilroy and many of his men at Carrowbeg House on 23 November 1922. Kilroy was badly wounded and interned at Athlone and Mountjoy where he went on Hunger Strike and would escape in late 1923 when the Civil War was over.
Politician.
Kilroy entered politics in August 1923 when whilst still in Gaol he was elected for the Republicans for South Mayo but due to the Oath of Allegiance he did not take his seat.
Michael Kilroy was elected for Fianna Fáil in South Mayo in June 1927 and would be TD for South Mayo until 1937 when he lost his seat when contesting the General election in North Mayo in 1937. He did not take his seat in the 4th Dáil due to Sinn Féin's abstentionist policy.
He was the Chairman of Mayo County Council from 1934 to 1945, the longest-serving member in this position in the history of the Council. From 1945 until his death on 23 December 1962 he was a Member of the Hospitals Commission. He retired from politics in 1945. His funeral was one of the largest seen in Newport and along with many politicians, the then President Éamon de Valera was present. The graveside oration was given by his comrade and fellow TD Edward Moane from Westport.
The Fianna Fáil Cumann in Newport is named in his honour and his son Peadar also was in local politics as a member of Mayo County Council.
He was elected as a Fianna Fáil TD at the June 1927 general election. He was re-elected at the September 1927, 1932 and 1933 general elections. He lost his seat at the 1937 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20922198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922198" title="List of United States Senators in the 12th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 12th Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority from March 4, 1807 to March 3, 1809.
Order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term. Behind this is former service as a senator (only giving the Senator seniority within his or her new incoming class), service as Vice President, a House member, a Cabinet secretary, or a governor of a state. The final factor is the population of the senator's state.
The two main parties at this point were the Federalists (F), and Democratic Republicans (DR)

</doc>
<doc id="20922200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922200" title="Caytoniales">
Caytoniales

The Caytoniales is an extinct order of seed plants whose presence is recorded in fossils collected throughout the Mesozoic Era (around ). The plants are part of the group called seed ferns because they are seed-bearing plants with fern-like leaves. 
The first fossils to be identified in this order were discovered in a Middle Jurassic formation in Yorkshire. The plants are believed to have grown in wetlands of some nature and may have been small trees. They are considered a gymnosperm by many botanical authorities, but were once thought to have an evolutionary relationship with the angiosperms, or flowering plants, because their seeds are born in a partially enclosed cupule (a modified leaf with reproductive organs). The leaves are palmately compound with 3-6 leaflets 2-6cm in length. The pollen grains are winged, like those of gymnosperms, and the pollen is bisaccate like the pollen of pine trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20922228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922228" title="Chavali Vyaghreswarudu">
Chavali Vyaghreswarudu

Prof Chavali Vyaghreswarudu, MBBS, MS, FICS, FACS was an orthopedic surgeon of Andhra Pradesh, India. He had spent a greater part of his life for the welfare of polio victims and developed several innovative techniques in the treatment of the disease.
He was born in Rajahmundry to an Ayurvedic doctor. He has done M.B.,B.S., double M.S. in General Surgery and Orthopedics from Andhra Medical College, Visakhapatnam. He was professor of Orthopedic Surgery at Andhra Medical College, Visakhapatnam.
He was the first Professor of Orthopaedics in King George Hospital and the first to establish the Orthopaedics Department in Andhra Pradesh. He was the first Indian to introduce `placental graft' technique for treatment of polio; and the first to develop `metallic guide' for the operation of Subtrochanteric Osteotomy and a guide for passing wire in Smith-Peterson nailing operation technique.
He was the first in India and among the very few in the world to perform `half Knee joint transplantation, the first in the country to conduct tibial osteotomy for osteoarthritis knee. He was one of the founders of Andhra Pradesh Chapter of Indian Orthopaedic Association. He was instrumental in getting the M.S. Orthopaedics course offered by Andhra Medical College recognised at Liverpool in the United Kingdom.
In 1948, he went to Car Nicobar Islands and treated innumerable patients, who were affected by the outbreak of a polio epidemic. In recognition of his good work, he was awarded the World Health Organisation fellowship for higher training in the USA in 1949. In 1954, he got an award at the Third International Polio Conference at Rome. In 1956, he became a Fellow of the International College of Surgeons and in 1965, he became a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons and Fellow of the National Academy of Medical Sciences.
He received his training from Dr. Mangalampalli Gopal Kini. The Rani of Chemudu Estate, Rani Chandramani Devi, used to take treatment from Dr. Kini for her backache. Dr. Kini shifted to Bombay. Chandramani Devi used to visit him in Bombay for her treatment. She appealed to him to set up a similar hospital in Visakhapatnam. Dr. Kini suggested to her that she could donate some of her land for construction of a hospital. He suggested the name of Dr. Vyaghreswarudu, who was doing extremely good work in the treatment of polio patients to establish the hospital.
Thus, the Rani Chandramani Devi (RCD) Government Hospital came into existence in 1965. The hospital grew from strength to strength under his direction. It attracted patients from far away Gujarat, Rajasthan and other parts of the country. Vyaghreswarudu started conducting free polio camps in different States for the benefit of patients.
He was the first Indian to write textbook "Principles and Practice of Orthopedics" in 1966.
He was instrumental in establishing the Andhra Medical College Old Students Association (AMCOSA) in association with Prof. P. Brahmayya Sastry in 1967.
Vyaghreswarudu retired from Government service in 1972, but continued to serve the poor polio patients through the various polio camps conducted in different parts of the country. Many philanthropists donated generously for organising these free camps.
Polio work.
He started an `Operation Polio Project' and the `Satya Sai Polio Trust'. He had conducted over 300 polio camps, examined 1.5 lakh patients and conducted 30,000 operations, providing all the services free of cost.
His disciple, Dr.S.V. Adinarayana Rao, used to assist him at the free camps. During one such camps, in the early phase of his career, he asked his guru as to what he was getting out of the free services. Vyagreshwarudu smiled at him and looked at the patients who were benefited by his service. Looking at the gratitude in the eyes of the patients towards their `God', made him to realise that "No amount of money can give anyone so much satisfaction".

</doc>
<doc id="20922230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922230" title="William Mailly">
William Mailly

William "Will" Mailly (1871 – 1912) was an American socialist political functionary, journalist, and trade union activist. He is best remembered as the second National Executive Secretary of the Socialist Party of America and as the first managing editor of the socialist daily newspaper, the "New York Call."
Biography.
Early years.
William Mailly was born November 22, 1871 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Mailly's parents emigrated to Liverpool, England when the boy was 2, and so the American-born Mailly was raised in English schools — an extremely rare pattern of emigration for an American radical activist. The young Will worked in Liverpool from a very early age as an errand boy.
Mailly returned to the United States in July 1889, working briefly in a brickyard and on a railway before moving to Alabama in 1890 to take up work as a coal miner. Mailly became involved in the trade union movement as a member of the United Mine Workers of America in 1893.
Mailly took part in a coal strike in 1894, activity which resulted in his blacklisting from the Alabama coal mines.
Political career.
Following his blacklisting from the mines, Mailly began to work as an organizer on behalf of the UMWA and the Socialist Party of America.
Mailly was first a member of the People's Party, serving as a delegate to the Alabama state convention of that party and to its national convention in 1894.
Mailly turned his hand to labor journalism, taking a job as Associate Editor of the "Birmingham Labor Advocate" in May 1895, and serving at that post for about a year. Thereafter he moved to Nashville, Tennessee. In 1896, he joined the Socialist Labor Party of America (SLP), but his stay in that organization proved to be short-lived, as he left the SLP in July of the subsequent year to join the Social Democracy of America, an organization which included Victor L. Berger and Eugene V. Debs. Mailly organized a branch of the Social Democracy in July 1897 and was a delegate from Alabama to the 1898 Convention of this organization.
From there Mailly moved to the socialist enclave of Haverhill, Massachusetts, where he served as secretary of the SDP's state and municipal campaign committees. Mailly also worked as the Editor of the "Haverhill Social Democrat" in 1898. He was elected State Secretary of the Socialist Party of Massachusetts in 1902.
After his time in Massachusetts, Mailly moved on to New York City, remaining engaged in politics there. He was a founding member of the Socialist Party of America (SPA) in 1901. That same year he attended the Annual Convention of the American Federation of Labor.
The January 1903 meeting of the governing National Committee of the SPA elected Mailly as the new Nati Secretary of the party and he assumed these duties the following month. The same meeting moved the headquarters of the party to Omaha, Nebraska, and so Mailly moved there forthwith. Mailly was reelected as National Secretary of the Socialist Party in 1904 and continued in that position until 1905.
After declining to run for National Secretary in 1905, Mailly went to work for the Left Wing Socialist Hermon F. Titus as Business Manager of "The Socialist," Titus' weekly which he had recently relocated to Toledo, Ohio from Washington state. Mailly left that publication sometime around the first of June 1906, thereafter moving to New York City. Mailly also served as a member of the National Executive Committee of the SPA from 1905 to 1906.
Mailly finished up his life back in New York City, first as Associate Editor of the socialist weekly "The Worker" (1906–1907) before becoming Managing Editor of its successor the "New York Call" (1908–1909). He then moved to the mass-circulation monthly "The Metropolitan Magazine" where he was to contribute an article each month on the topic of socialism.
Death and legacy.
Shortly after his move to "The Metropolitan Magazine," Will Mailly's health began to fail.
Will Mailly died September 4, 1912, at the age of 40. Mailly was survived by his wife, Bertha Howell Mailly, whom he married in 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="20922245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922245" title="Zeferino Nandayapa">
Zeferino Nandayapa

Zeferino Nandayapa (born 26 August 1931, Copainalá, but was considered of Chiapa de Corzo, Chiapas – died 28 December 2010) was a Mexican folk and classical marimba player. In Mexico City, his classical music teachers were Blas Galindo, María García Genda, Carlos Chávez and Carlos Jiménez Mabarak. 
He formed the Marimba Nandayapa in 1956, a popular marimba band that has traveled to several countries performing Mexican and Latin-American folk music. Zeferino Nandayapa has been a soloist with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra in London, and the Orquesta de la Comunidad Española in Madrid.
Death.
Nandayapa died on 28 December 2010 following a bad fall, aged 79, in Tlalnepantla.

</doc>
<doc id="20922252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922252" title="NYU Local">
NYU Local

NYU Local is a news blog run by New York University students. Founded in 2008 to cover discussion and NYU news, NYULocal.com receives on average, 10,000 unique visitors each month. NYU Local publishes 10 posts a day Monday through Friday. The blog is run by NYU undergraduates and is editorially independent from New York University. In 2008 NYU Local was profiled by PBS.
History.
NYU Local was founded by Cody Brown and Lily Quateman in 2008.
NYU Local made news in 2009 when it embedded a live blogger into the Take Back NYU! Student Protest. The protest coverage, which spanned for 3 days received links from prominent news websites.Gawker cited NYU Local as the, "Definitive Food Court Occupatory Journalism source." New York Magazine, said NYU Local has done, "an excellent (and really, grueling) job of covering the student protest circus over at NYU.".

</doc>
<doc id="20922272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922272" title="Lewis Hutchinson">
Lewis Hutchinson

Lewis Hutchinson, a Scottish immigrant to Jamaica, was the first recorded serial killer in Jamaica's history and one of its most prolific.
Early life.
Hutchinson, better known as the Mad Master and Mad Doctor of Edinburgh Castle, was born in Scotland in 1733 where he is believed to have studied medicine.
Criminal career.
In the 1760s, he came to Jamaica to head an estate called Edinburgh Castle. He was said to have legally obtained the house (now a ruin) but to have maintained his group of cattle through the theft of strays from neighbours. This would not be the only accusation made of Hutchinson.
Shortly after Hutchinson's arrival in Jamaica, travellers began to disappear, and suspicion started to mount. For many miles, Edinburgh Castle was the only populated location on the way from Saint Ann's Bay and, not knowing that they would become the target of Hutchinson's rifle, travellers would rest at the castle, only to succumb to the Mad Doctor's attack. Hutchinson murdered for pure sport, what may be described as a thrill killing, as passers-by from all races, shapes, sizes, and incomes were fair game.
What is true about Hutchinson's killings is debatable. He would shoot lone travellers and was said to feed on the flow of his victims' blood as well as dismember them. He or, according to some sources, his slaves would then toss the remains in a cotton tree or a sinkhole for animals to feast on. That sinkhole became known as Hutchinson's Hole. At the height of his villainy, he would invite guests to his castle to be entertained before killing them.
Capture.
Hutchinson's reputation for debauchery made him notable as many would avoid him out of fear. His slaves' tales of terrible treatment and the gruesome details of the murders made him legendary. This is why he was allowed to roam free for a time, until he shot an English soldier by the name of John Callendar, who attempted to apprehend Hutchison. After Hutchinson shot Callendar, he bolted south to Old Harbour and boarded a ship. The Royal Navy, commanded by Admiral Rodney, caught Hutchinson before he could escape.
Trial and execution.
Shortly after being caught, he was tried and found guilty. In 1773, he was hanged in Spanish Town Square. Although the final toll is unknown, upon searching his home after his arrest, approximately 43 watches and a large amount of clothes were found. The records of his trial stand in the National Archives. The records of his trial stand in the National Archives.
Accomplices.
During the trial, slaves' stories revealed he did not act alone. Planter James Walker and Roger Maddix, were sentenced to death for participating in the murder of farmer William Lickley and schoolmaster Timothy Cronin. Maddix's wife, Dorcas, Miss Susanna Cole and Miss Elizabeth Thomas watched schoolmaster Cronin's death by strangulation while pinioned in stocks. Cronin's watch and seal were found in Thomas' possession. Miss Thomas was found not guilty.

</doc>
<doc id="20922370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922370" title="Lamaze (disambiguation)">
Lamaze (disambiguation)

Lamaze most commonly refers to the Lamaze technique of natural childbirth
Lamaze can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20922382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922382" title="The Glasspack">
The Glasspack

The Glasspack is a psychedelic punk rock band from Louisville, Kentucky. The band was formed in 1999 by frontman and native Louisvillian "Dirty" Dave Johnson in hopes of giving a better alternative to the classic and hard rock played over-and-over on the radio. The Glasspack has since recorded 1 garage ep, 2 garage LPs, 2 studio LPs, and numerous cover songs as well as toured the U.S. relentlessly.
Three of the LPs were released on Detroit's Small Stone Records, also known for such bands as Men of Porn, Honky, and Five Horse Johnson. The band takes its name from the loud obnoxious fiber-glass filled automobile muffler, a glasspack.
The band's music from their 2004 release "Bridgeburner"[] has been featured in MTV shows Viva La Bam (Season 3, Episodes 7&8)and Homewrecker (Season 1, Episodes 104&107)[http://www.mtv.com/ontv/dyn/homewrecker/series.jhtml. Also the band's music from their 2007 release "Dirty Women"[] was used in FX's motorcycle club television show Sons of Anarchy (Season 2, Episode 209)The band also has tracks from its 2002 "Powderkeg"[ release in video games MLB 2K5 (2K Sports Major League Baseball series) and Amped 3, both made by 2K Sports. Amped 3 came with the package release of the Xbox 360.
The bands' latest full-length LP, "Dirty Women"[] from Small Stone Records, landed them a sold-out headlining spot for their first trip to Europe at Holland's Roadburn Festival on Sunday April 20, 2008. The festival is sponsored by Roadburn Magazine and Terrorizer Magazine and takes place annually at the 013 Pop Centre in Tilburg, Holland.
The Glasspack was included in the internationally distributed book "Rock Detector: A to Z of Doom, Gothic & Stoner Metal", published 2003 by Cherry Red Books.
History.
In 1999, The Glasspack started playing in their hometown of Louisville, Kentucky opening for such known bands as My Own Victim, The Frogs, and Melt Banana. A few months later with only 4 songs, The Glasspack recorded a demo with Crain's Jon Cook in the infamous Rocket House in Old Louisville. They immediately sent the demo to Man's Ruin Records. Owned by well-known graphic artist Frank Kozik and operated in San Francisco, CA, the label had a reputation of putting out unknown psychedelic rock bands of all sorts. Kozik responded warmly to the band and proposed to release their first record.
The band enthusiastically accepted the offer and began recording their first full-length recording, "American Exhaust" in late 1999. Unfortunately for the band, Man's Ruin Records started to fold soon after, leaving the band with a hefty engineering bill. "Dirty" Dave decided to take out a high rate loan and start the record label Riverock Records with the only intentions being that of releasing The Glasspack record, in hopes of repaying the bills. "American Exhaust" was released Jan. 1, 2001 and received amazing international press reviews from such as Maximum RocknRoll, Stonerrock.com, Aardschok, and Louisville's newspaper The Courier-Journal. The record then received some global distribution despite the fact that it was on a new record label with only one record. All copies sold-out in less than a year. The record, a following U.S. tour, and hype gained the attention of the developing stoner rock community and Detroit's Small Stone Records, which was soaking up some of the band residue left from the collapse of Man's Ruin Records. The band recorded the "Road Warriors E.P." during 2000 in waiting for Man's Ruin Records to put out "American Exhaust". The ep was released in 2000 by local Louisville record store/label Better Days Records. The band later yanked the ep from the market for poor sound quality.
In late 2001, The Glasspack signed on to Small Stone Records claiming they were the Hunter S. Thompson/Muhammad Ali of rock and roll (both are natives of Louisville). Around the end of 2001, The Glasspack was invited to play the label's showcase at CBGB's in Manhattan for the CMJ Music Marathon (College Music Journal). The showcase was featured on national television on ESPN2. Right before the CMJ gig, the band had just finished a U.S. tour (some gigs with Nebula) and recorded their second full-length release "Powderkeg" for Small Stone Records. "Powderkeg" was released in spring of 2002, followed by more and more shows. The band was working extensively during this period and leaving a scar of hell-raising, drug-taking, and loud rock and roll all over the United States. Near the end of 2002, the band grew tired and took a long break (long break for them) until the spring of 2003.
In the spring of 2003 the band decided to record in an actual studio in another city. They chose Detroit's Rustbelt Studios upon suggestion from Small Stone Records. The band spent a weekend and exactly 36 hours making a very confused record entitled "Bridgeburner". In the studio, fellow song-writer and bassist/guitarist Marcus Moody fell ill with what would later become a diagnosis of multiple sclerosis. This prevented the band member from finishing the recording, leaving drummer Brett Holsclaw and guitarist/singer "Dirty" Dave Johnson with no other choice but a fill-in bassist. The record was scheduled for release in fall of 2003 and the band booked another tour to promote the release of the record. Small Stone Records at the time of scheduled release had changed distribution in the U.S. to Nail/Allegro. Distribution details and negotiation delayed the release to spring of 2004. However, the band went ahead and toured for the record before its release.
The Glasspack's third full-length release "Bridgeburner" was released in spring 2004. Shortly thereafter, the band accepted an invite to play WFPK Public Radio Louisville's Live Lunch Series to promote the record. The live radio session was recorded as well (with bassist Todd Cook). The Bridgeburner fell short of The Glasspack releases before it in the U.S. press and market. However, at this time, the band was gaining ground with legendary live shows and starting to sell more records in Europe. The "Bridgeburner" record, a blur of guitars and psychedelic confusion, was actually well received in Europe. The record was also well received by music placement managers, gaining them a spot in MTV "Jackass" spin-off shows Viva La Bam and Homewrecker as well other television spots. They also were included in several video games around this time for the Xbox and the release of the Xbox 360. The "Bridgeburner" was mixed by Monster Magnet's Bobby Pantella who also filled a couple gaps in the bass area. The record also contained a blistering lead guitar solo guest appearance on the track "Peepshow" by Monster Magnet's Ed Mundell. Phil Durr of the Sub-Pop act Big Chief graced the record as well with several guest guitar tracks. The band continued playing local gigs, weekend Midwest trips, and small tours for the remainder of 2004. The year is also noted for the re-release of The Glasspack's first full-length "American Exhaust" on red 12" vinyl from a small label in Chicago (4 Walls Records) and The Glasspack's endorsement with Fender Music (representative Alex Perez). By this time, "Dirty" was playing guitar behind his back, between his legs, and even with his teeth. One account of a 2004 SXSW Day Party performance in the Detroit Metro Times claims that the frontman did a backflip while playing guitar from the ground to the stage at the Austin, TX gig. With acts such as this and his loyalty to his red American Telecaster, he was a no-brainer for Fender.
In 2005, "Dirty" and The Glasspack slowed down a bit. The band members pursued side projects and college. Both "Dirty" Dave and drummer Brett Holsclaw began working more intensely towards graphic design degrees and settling for occasional side-project gigs instead of the intense work The Glasspack had become by then. "Dirty" eventually finished schooling as Brett remained in school. It was during this time "Dirty" began to right the tracks that would later become The Glasspack's brilliant third Small Stone Records release, "Dirty Women".
In 2006, Dirty rounded the band up again and the help of guests from such notable Kentucky acts as Coliseum (band) and The Hookers. They finished their fourth full-length record in downtown Louisville at a multi-million dollar studio, Downtown Recording, completely analog with vintage equipment. In the Spring of 2007, The Glasspack's fourth full-length release, "Dirty Women", was unleashed and the band headed to Austin, TX to officially play the South By Southwest Music Festival as part of the 2007 Small Stone Records SXSW Showcase. The record was well received and a fresh come-back after the somewhat questionable "Bridgeburner" record. The band did an extensive set of U.S. tours for the release of "Dirty Women" in 2007. They also received their first paid invite to Europe in the form of the 13th Annual 2008 Roadburn Magazine Festival, also sponsored by Terrorizer Magazine. In the Winter of 2007, the band was announced as the Sunday headliner of the festival for an exclusive first show in Europe. The show sold out in 1 week during pre-sales in December 2007.
Also in 2007, the band released a split 10" vinyl on a small Detroit label (Sleeping Village Records). The record was a split ep with one of "Dirty" Dave's side-projects, Muddy Nasty River. The Glasspack side was a public radio performance they had done on 91.9FM WFPK Public Radio Louisville for the release of "Bridgeburner" in 2004, featuring bassist Todd Cook (Slint, The For Carnation, Crain). Todd had taken on bass duties for some time after Marcus Moody was diagnosed with MS.
In 2008, the band focused on rehearsing an ear-bleeding 1 hour set exclusively for the people of the Roadburn Festival. The festival was also recorded and placed into a Dutch public audio archive website for free listening. 2008 also saw the re-release of The Glasspack's "Powderkeg" record on vinyl from Sleeping Village Records. The Glasspack is still residing in Louisville, Kentucky and taking, yet again, another long break (long break for them). This band is undoubtably one of the hardest working bands in the current indie rock scene as well as the Louisville scene which is known for its unique, incestuous, and thriving music community.
In 2009, The Glasspack's music was featured in FX's television program Sons of Anarchy. Also that year, a reissue of The Glasspack's first full-length "American Exhaust" was remastered by Jack Endino for Los Angeles label Poison Tree Records (iTunes digital only). The release includes a special remastered bonus of the band's 1991 demo recordings, entitled "The Polaris Demos." The demos were previously released only on cassette with request from the band.
In 2010, The Glasspack played a ten-year anniversary show in Louisville, Kentucky at the Zanzabar supporting the release of an orange seven inch vinyl split (with Louisville band the Trophy Wives) on Louisville label Noise Pollution. Writer Michael Jones did a cover story on the band's history in support of the show and release in the LEO Weekly (Louisville Eccentric Observer). The release includes a free download card with a good portion of the Glasspack's 2008 performance at the Roadburn Festival in Tilberg, Holland. Peter Searcy of the influential Louisville act Squirrel Bait joined the band on the seven inch vinyl title track, "If You Don't Have Anything Nice to Say," and is credited as The Glasspack's current bass player.
Discography.
Compilations.
"Underground Invasion: Volume 4" LP/CD (Beer City Records)<br>
"Dedication From The Sullen Waters Of The Ohio" LP/CD (Fusion Records)<br>
"Cheap Thrills: Volume I" LP/CD (Better Days Records)<br>
"Cheap Thrills: Volume II" LP/CD (Better Days Records)<br>
"Saturday March 24, 2001 Show Compilation" EP/CD (Noise Pollution)<br>
"The Motherlodge Lodge: A Tribute To The Rudyard Kipling, Volume I" LP/CD (Mother Lodge Records)<br>
"Sucking the 70's" LP/CD (Small Stone Records)<br>
"Sucking the 70's – Back in the Saddle Again" LP/CD (Small Stone Records)<br>
"Hammer Down: Volume I" LP/CD (Motor Brand Clothing Promo CD)

</doc>
<doc id="20922397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922397" title="Never Gonna Let You Go (Faith Evans song)">
Never Gonna Let You Go (Faith Evans song)

"Never Gonna Let You Go" is a song by American recording artist Faith Evans. It was written by Babyface and Damon Thomas for her 1998 album "Keep the Faith", and spent one week at number one on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. The music video was filmed back-to-back along with Eve's "Love Is Blind".

</doc>
<doc id="20922428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922428" title="2007 Senior Bowl">
2007 Senior Bowl

The 2007 Under Armour Senior Bowl was a college football exhibition game featuring players from the 2006 college football season and prospects in the 2007 NFL Draft. It was played on January 27, 2007 at Ladd Peebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. Coverage of the event was on high-definition on the NFL Network.
Sponsor.
The clothing company Under Armour sponsored the event for the very first year. The company also provided apparel for the game.

</doc>
<doc id="20922452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922452" title="Draggin' the Line">
Draggin' the Line

"Draggin' the Line" is a hit song by American rock musician Tommy James, who went solo after Tommy James and the Shondells broke up in 1970. Released as a single from his sophomore album, "Christian of the World" in 1971 on the Roulette Records label, the song was James' biggest hit as a solo artist selling more than a million copies, and appears as the fifth track on James' 1991 retrospective album "The Solo Years (1970-81)" released by Rhino.
Written and produced by Tommy James and Bob King, "Draggin' the Line" reached the top 40 on the U.S.'s Billboard Hot 100 chart on June 26, 1971, climbed to a peak of #4 for the week of August 7, 1971, and remained in the top 40 rankings for 11 weeks total. The song reached even higher in "Cash Box" magazine's competing jukebox singles charts, attaining the #2 spot for the week of August 9, 1971. "Draggin' the Line" was ranked at #44 overall for hot songs of 1971 by U.S. music industry pillar "Billboard" magazine.
"Draggin' the Line" has been described as a "lazy psychedelic shuffle whose hypnotic feel perfectly expressed its title" Exactly what the song is about is not clear. It has been speculated that the song's title and lyrics refer to cocaine use, citing the title, the lyrics, Tommy James' documented drug use, and because another Tommy James and The Shondell's song, "Crystal Blue Persuasion," has been previously associated with the use of speed, the song having been described in 1979 by noted music critic Dave Marsh as "a transparent allegory about James' involvement with amphetamines."
Media appearances.
"Draggin' the Line" has made many media appearances. Among others, in a cover by Beat Goes Bang in the 1991 film "Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead"; as the opener in a 1999 Canadian film "New Waterford Girl"; in a cover by R.E.M. in 1999 for the "" soundtrack; in "Inside Deep Throat", a 2005 documentary about the 1972 pornographic film "Deep Throat"; is heard in the somber 2006 football drama "We are Marshall", in the "My Name is Earl" episode, "", in CBS's crime drama "Cold Case" (episode 54), and was featured in "Anthem," a familiar Mitsubishi commercial that debuted in October 2004. The commercial shows a long line of cars and sport utility vehicles cruising past Mitsubishi mechanics all dressed in red coveralls.
Legacy.
In 2000, Tommy James and the Shondells reprised 12 of their most famous songs at the well known Greenwich Village nightclub, The Bitter End. Though technically a solo hit for Tommy James, the band played "Draggin' the Line" as one of the twelve songs featured. Other hits played included "Crimson & Clover", "I Think We're Alone Now", "Hanky Panky", "Mony Mony", and "Crystal Blue Persuasion". The live set was filmed and was made into the 2000 movie, "Tommy James & the Shondells: Live! At the Bitter End".
In 1998 "The Roulette Story" was released featuring "Draggin' the Line" as one of 84 tracks celebrating Roulette Records' notable 20-year music history (the label had closed its doors in 1977). In various versions, "Draggin' the Line" has appeared on at least 41 studio albums, including covers by AC-Rock, Rusty Bryant, Crosswind Band, Barry Hay, R.E.M., The Squirrels, Vintage Buzz, The Wild Ones and Steve Wynn.

</doc>
<doc id="20922480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922480" title="SAMED">
SAMED

SAMED (Palestine Martyrs Works Society) is the economic institution of the PLO. It represents the PLO at economic conferences in Arab countries. SAMED is also involved in the political, cultural, and social fields.
SAMED was set up by the PLO as a front company, a commercial and manufacturing entity. Most SAMED workshops were then in the refugee camps in northern Lebanon. Since then its activities have expanded.

</doc>
<doc id="20922487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922487" title="Ergogenic use of anabolic steroids">
Ergogenic use of anabolic steroids

Since their discovery, anabolic steroids (AAS) have been widely used as an ergogenic aid to improve performance in sports, to improve one's physical appearance, as self-medication to recover from injury, and as an anti-aging aid. Use of anabolic steroids for purposes other than treating medical conditions is controversial and, in some cases, illegal. Major sports organizations have moved to ban the use of anabolic steroids. There is a wide range of health concerns for users. Legislation in many countries restricts and criminalizes AAS possession and trade. A political counter current has formed in some of these countries.
History.
Performance-enhancing substances have been used for thousands of years in traditional medicine by societies around the world, with the aim of promoting vitality and strength. The use of gonadal hormones pre-dates their identification and isolation. Medical use of testicle extract began in the late 19th century, while its effects on strength were still being studied. In 1889, the 72-year-old French neurologist Charles-Édouard Brown-Séquard injected himself with an extract of dog and guinea pig testicles, and reported at a scientific meeting that these injections had led to a variety of beneficial effects. However, almost all experts, including some of Brown-Sequard's contemporaries, had agreed that these positive effects were induced by Brown-Séquard himself. In 2002, a study replicating Brown-Séquard's method determined that the amount of testosterone obtained was too low to have any clinical effect.
Testosterone, the most active anabolic-androgenic steroid produced by Leydig cells in the testes, was first isolated in 1935 and chemically synthesized later in the same year. Synthetic derivatives of testosterone quickly followed. By the end of the following decade, both testosterone and its derivatives were applied with varying degrees of success for a number of medical conditions. It was not until the 1950s, however, that athletes began to discover that anabolic steroids could increase their muscle mass. According to sports physician John Ziegler, the first confirmed use of an anabolic steroid in an international athletic competition was at the weightlifting championships in Vienna in 1954, when the Russians weightlifters used testosterone.
Throughout the 1960s and 1970s, the use of anabolic steroids was confined largely to the professional levels of sport. In the Eastern bloc, programs of training went as far as forcing some athletes to take anabolic steroids. In the United States, sports physicians, including Ziegler, and medical texts were still widely proclaiming that anabolic steroids were ineffective in helping athletes gain muscle. These doctors did acknowledge the usefulness of anabolic steroids for debilitated patients. The package insert for Dianabol, a common anabolic steroid used at the time, stated, "Anabolic steroids do not enhance athletic ability." Despite these warnings, use of anabolic steroids began in competition bodybuilding, in track and field events, such as the shot put, and in other sports where performance depended on muscle strength or speed of recovery during training.
At the end of the 1960s, "Science" published a study on the effects of Dianabol on athletes. This open label study, conducted by J.P. O'Shea and colleagues at Oregon State University, confirmed the muscle building effects of anabolic steroids on athletes that followed a high protein diet. Two years later, O'Shea replicated the results in a double blind design.
At the beginning of the 1970s, sporting organizations, including the IOC and NCAA, declared the use of anabolic steroids unethical, but with no effective means of testing athletes, the issue remained academic.
Protocols.
Steroid cycle.
A steroid cycle refers to the frequency or schedule of an individual's steroid use. Different anabolic steroids vary in half-life, and thus individuals typically use each steroid at different intervals of time. Some individuals also take multiple types of steroids at a time, known as "steroid stacking."
The complete time interval of an individual's use typically lasts 6–12 weeks.
Prevalence and user profiles.
General population.
It is difficult to determine what percent of the population have used anabolic steroids. Studies in the United States have shown anabolic steroid users tend to be mostly middle-class heterosexual men with a median age of about 25 who are noncompetitive bodybuilders and non-athletes. They cite using the drugs for cosmetic purposes. Another study found that non-medical use of anabolic steroids among college students was at, or less than, 1%. According to a 2006 survey, 78.4% of steroid users were noncompetitive bodybuilders and non-athletes. About 13% reported unsafe injection practices such as reusing needles, sharing needles, and sharing multi-dose vials, though a 2007 study found sharing of needles was extremely uncommon 
(less than 1%) among individuals using anabolic steroids for non-medical purposes. Another 2007 study found that 74% of non-medical anabolic steroid users had secondary college degrees and more had completed college and less had failed to complete high school than is expected from the general population. The same study found that individuals using anabolic steroids for non-medical purposes had a higher employment rate and a higher household income than the general population. Anabolic steroid users research the drugs they are taking more than other controlled-substance users; however, the major sources consulted by steroid users include friends, non-medical handbooks, and fitness magazines, which can provide questionable or inaccurate information.
Anabolic steroid users tend to be disillusioned by the portrayal of anabolic steroids as deadly in the media and in politics. According to one study, anabolic steroid users also distrust their physicians, and in the sample, 56% had not disclosed their anabolic steroid use to their physicians. Another 2007 study showed that while 66% of individuals using anabolic steroids for non-medical purposes were willing to seek medical supervision for their steroid use, 58% lacked trust in their physicians, 92% felt that the medical community's knowledge of non-medical anabolic steroid use was lacking, and 99% felt that the public has an exaggerated view of the side effects of anabolic steroid use. A 2006 study has showed that long-term anabolic steroid users were more likely to have symptoms of muscle dysmorphia and also showed stronger endorsement of more traditional male roles.
Sports.
Anabolic steroids have been used by athletes in many professional sports, including cricket, track and field, weightlifting, bodybuilding, shot put, cycling, baseball, wrestling, mixed martial arts, boxing, and football. Such use is prohibited by many of the professional and amateur associations that organize these sports.
Anabolic steroid use occurs among adolescents, especially by those participating in competitive sports. It has been suggested that the prevalence of use among high-school students in the U.S. may be as high as 2.7%. Male students used anabolic steroids more frequently than female students and, on average, those who participated in sports used steroids more often than those who did not.
Celebrity controversies.
In 1992, NFL football player Lyle Alzado died from brain cancer, which he said was caused by his steroid use. Although steroids have been known to cause liver cancer, there is no published evidence that anabolic steroids cause either brain cancer or the specific type of T-cell lymphoma that caused Alzado's death. However, Alzado also stated that he felt addicted to steroids and that he had become increasingly violent.
Arnold Schwarzenegger admitted to using anabolic steroids for many years during his bodybuilding career. In 1997, he underwent surgery to correct a heart defect. Some have assumed this was because of his use of anabolic steroids. Although the use of anabolic steroids can sometimes cause enlargement and thickening of the left ventricle, Schwarzenegger was born with a congenital genetic defect in which his heart had a bicuspid aortic valve, a condition that rendered his aortic valve with two cusps instead of three, which can occasionally cause problems later in life.
Doping.
The use of anabolic steroids is banned by all major sporting associations, including the International Olympic Committee, Major League Baseball, the National Football League, the National Basketball Association, the National Hockey League, WWE, ICC, ITF, FIFA, FINA, UEFA, the European Athletic Association, and the Brazilian Football Confederation. Anabolic steroids are controlled substances in many countries, including Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, the Netherlands (NL), the United Kingdom
(UK), and the United States (U.S.).
The Olympics, the National Basketball Association, the National Hockey League, and the National Football League also ban the use of anabolic steroids. The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) maintains the list of performance-enhancing substances used by many major sports associations and includes all anabolic agents, which includes all anabolic steroids and precursors as well as all hormones and related substances. Spain passed an anti-doping law that created a national anti-doping agency. Italy passed a law in 2000 where penalties range up to three years in prison if an athlete has tested positive for banned substances. In 2006, Russian President Vladimir Putin signed into law ratification of the International Convention Against Doping in Sport, which would encourage cooperation with WADA. Many other countries have similar legislation prohibiting anabolic steroids in sports, including Denmark, France, the Netherlands, and Sweden.
Legal status and politics.
The legal status of anabolic steroids varies from country to country. In the U.S., anabolic steroids are listed as Schedule III controlled substances under the Controlled Substances Act, which makes the possession of such substances without a prescription a federal crime punishable by up to seven years in prison. In Canada, anabolic steroids and their derivatives are part of the Controlled drugs and substances act and are Schedule IV substances, meaning that it is illegal to obtain or sell them without a prescription. However, possession is not punishable, a consequence reserved for schedule I, II or III substances. Those guilty of buying or selling anabolic steroids in Canada can be imprisoned for up to 18 months. Importing or exporting anabolic steroids also carry similar penalties. Anabolic steroids are also illegal without prescription in Australia, Argentina, Brazil, and Portugal, and are listed as Schedule 4 Controlled Drugs in the United Kingdom.
United States.
The United States first considered classifying anabolic steroids as a controlled substance in the late 1980s after a controversy over Ben Johnson's victory at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. During deliberations, the American Medical Association (AMA), Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) all opposed listing anabolic steroids as controlled substances. These organizations argued that use of these drugs does not lead to the physical or psychological dependence required for such scheduling under the Controlled Substance Act. However, anabolic steroids were added to Schedule III of the Controlled Substances Act in the Anabolic Steroid Control Act of 1990. The same act also introduced more stringent controls with higher criminal penalties for offenses involving the illegal distribution of anabolic steroids and human growth hormone. By the early 1990s, after non-medical use of anabolic steroids was criminalized in the U.S., several pharmaceutical companies stopped manufacturing or marketing the products. Some brand names included Ciba, Searle, and Syntex. In the Controlled Substances Act, anabolic steroids are defined to be any drug or hormonal substance chemically and pharmacologically related to testosterone (other than estrogens, progestins, and corticosteroids) that promote muscle growth. The act was amended by the Anabolic Steroid Control Act of 2004, which added prohormones to the list of controlled substances, with effect from January 20, 2005.
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom, anabolic steroids are classified as class C drugs for their illegal abuse potential, which puts them in the same class as benzodiazepines. In 2008, a study published in the "Lancet" suggested that anabolic steroids are less dangerous than most other illegal substances, and some legal ones.
Economics and law enforcement.
Illegal trade.
In countries where anabolic steroids are illegal or controlled, the majority of steroids are obtained illegally through black market trade. These steroids are usually manufactured in other countries, and therefore must be smuggled across international borders.
In September 2007, the DEA completed an 18-month international investigation of illicit anabolic steroid use in which 124 arrests were made. The investigation targeted more than 25 Chinese companies which produced raw materials for producing steroids and human growth hormone. The companies exported raw products to Mexico, where the consumer products were packaged. The investigation, dubbed "Operation Gear Grinder," was the largest anabolic steroid operation in the United States, and involved China, Mexico, Canada, Australia, Germany, and Thailand, among other countries. The investigation also focused on online message boards where advice was given on how to use anabolic steroids. The DEA also intercepted thousands of e-mails in the course of the investigation. The DEA has stated that the e-mails intercepted were compiled into a massive database of names which could lead to months or years of future arrests of steroid users.
Production.
Anabolic steroids are produced in pharmaceutical laboratories, but in nations where stricter laws are present, they are also produced in small homemade laboratories. Common problems associated with illegal drug trades, such as chemical substitutions, cutting, and diluting, affect illegal anabolic steroids, so that when they reach the distribution level, the quality may be compromised and the drugs may be dangerous. In the 1990s, most U.S. producers such as Ciba, Searle and Syntex stopped making and marketing anabolic steroids within the U.S. However, in many other regions, particularly Eastern Europe, they are still mass-produced.
Anabolic steroids are still in wide use for veterinary purposes, and often contain the same components as those prepared for humans, but without the same quality control. These can also be dangerous, as they may have been produced and handled in cruder and less sterile environments.
Distribution.
In the U.S., Canada, and Europe, illicit steroids are purchased just like any other illegal drug. Dealers are able to obtain the steroids from a number of sources. Illegal anabolic steroids are sometimes sold at gyms, competitions, and through the mail, but may also be obtained through pharmacists, veterinarians, and physicians. In addition, a significant number of counterfeit products are sold as anabolic steroids, particularly via mail order from websites posing as overseas pharmacies. In the U.S., black market importation continues from Mexico, Thailand, and other countries where steroids are not illegal.

</doc>
<doc id="20922491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922491" title="Jean Bessière">
Jean Bessière

Jean Bessière is professor of Comparative Literature at the Sorbonne (), and was educated at the École Normale Supérieure and holds a PhD (docteur d'Etat) from the Sorbonne as well as being agrégé in Modern Letters. He is the author of numerous books on Comparative Literature and is the president emeritus of the International Comparative Literature Association. His most recent works include "La littérature et sa rhétorique" (PUF, 1999), "Quel statut pour la littérature ?" (PUF, 2001), "Principes de la theorie littéraire" (PUF, 2005) and "Le roman contemporain ou la problématicité du monde" (PUF 2010). Jean Bessière has been on the faculty of numerous universities including Indiana University, Stanford, McGill and several French universities. In 2008 the "Canadian Review of Comparative Literature" dedicated an entire issue to him entitled: "Jean Bessière - Literature and Comparative Literature Revisited." Jean Bessière frequently lectures at universities throughout the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20922496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922496" title="Teatro Degollado">
Teatro Degollado

Teatro Degollado (Degollado Theater) is a neoclassical Mexican theater known for its diverse performances and artistic design. It is located on a downtown plaza on Belen Street between Hidalgo Avenue and Morelos Avenue in the city of Guadalajara, Jalisco. Many performances (from cultural Mexican dances to international operas) take place at this building. Meant to be a monument of Guadalajara's culture, the theater was inaugurated on September 1866; breathing life through its innovating artistic beauty.
Original Idea.
Degollado Theater came to be as a result of Mexico's 1800's theatrical movement. There was a high demand for a great theater in Guadalajara, Jalisco that displayed the cultural arts of the city. In response to the demand, on October 1, 1855, Antonio Perez Verdia proposed the construction of Alarcon Theater (after the classic dramatist Juan Ruiz de Alarcon) to the current governor of the time, Santos Degollado. By December 12 of that same year, Degollado signed the official decree to build the structure, and by March, 1856, Degollado set the first cornerstone of the building. Coming April 1856, Jacobo Galvez was appointed to lead the initial construction of the theater.
Due to a three year war in Mexico, and the change of government within the dispute, the completion of the project was slow. On November 12, 1861, Governor Pedro Amazon decided to change the proposed name of the project from "Alarcon Theater" to "Degollado Theater", after ex-governor and general at the time of his dead, Santos Degollado (killed in a battle on June 16, 1861). This change of name was not acknowledged at the time of inauguration until December 18, 1866, when Mexican liberal troops regained control of the plaza where the theater is located.
First Inauguration.
The theater's first inauguration was on September 13, 1866, with the opera "Lucia di Lammermoor", performed by Angela Peralta, opera soprano noted as the "Mexican Nightingale". At this point in time the theater was not completed which led to many renovations and 4 more inaugurations.
Inauguration Dates.
These are the dates of all the inaugurations following renovations of the structure:
Artistic Design.
Degollado Theater is famous for its beautiful paintings along its golden walls on the interior of the building and its symbolic mosaic on the exterior.
Interior.
Most of the theater's renovations have been so to improve the interior design by adding paintings and giving it its current red and golden color. Before the theater's first inauguration, Gerardo Suarez and Carlos Villasenor decorated the theater with a mural representing Dante Alighieri's fourth song in the Divine Comedy. On 1877, Fermin Riestra was ordered to continue with the construction of the building; a three year process on which a gilded eagle holding a Mexican flag on its talons and a chain on its beak was placed on the center of the inner arch of the building. Within the three year construction, Felipe Castro painted the murals "Time and Hours" and "The Fame" on the proscenium arch. Between 1880 and 1890, the stucco on the concert hall was completed and a golden color was added to the interior walls. By 1893, tiles were removed from the stage, due to the lack of support they provided for the structure, and were replaced by a metal arch on 1905. Between 1909 and 1910 artist Roberto Montenegro focused on the reconstruction and decoration of the interior of the building which included the addition of a crystal lamp on the theater's vault. Fifty years later, architect Ignacio Diaz Morales was in charge of a complete restoration of the building where sculptures by Benito Castaneda replaced Venetian mosaics. On May 2001, a chamber hall that can hold 200 people was added to the inside of the building.
Exterior.
With fewer renovations than the interior, the exterior of the building still holds its artistic recognition. Between 1953 and 1959 Montenegro painted the mosaic of Apollo and the nine muses on the pediment of the theater. The portico supporting the pediment consists of 16 Corinthian columns. While Ignacio Diaz was in charge of the renovation of the theater, he ordered the engraving of the phrase "May we never get the rumor of discord" along Montenegro's mosaic on the main entrance.
Building's dimensions.
Several measurements of the Theater:

</doc>
<doc id="20922518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922518" title="2009 Senior Bowl">
2009 Senior Bowl

The 2009 Under Armour Senior Bowl was an all-star college football exhibition game featuring players from the 2008 college football season, and prospects for the 2009 Draft of the professional National Football League (NFL). 
The game was played on January 24, 2009 at 6 p.m. local time at Ladd Peebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. The South defeated the North, 35–18, and quarterback Pat White of the South team was named game's Most Valuable Player (MVP). Various players were seen to have either improved or harmed their NFL draft prospects through their play in the game and the week leading up to the competition, which was closely monitored by NFL scouts and the media.
Coverage of the event was in high-definition on the NFL Network.
Sponsor.
The clothing company Under Armour sponsored the event for the third consecutive year. The company also provided apparel for the game.

</doc>
<doc id="20922529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922529" title="Pauci-immune">
Pauci-immune

Pauci-immune (pauci- Latin: few, little) is a general term used to refer to a form of vasculitis that is associated with minimal evidence of hypersensitivity upon immunofluorescence and a lack of Anti-glomerular basement membrane antibody.
They can be associated with antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies (ANCA).
In some cases, Pauci-immune crescentic glomerulonephritis is a component of a systemic vasculitis such as Microscopic polyangiitis, Churg–Strauss syndrome or Wegener's granulomatosis. In many cases however, it is limited to the kidney and is thus called idiopathic. 
See also.
peak incidences in 50 -60 year olds
symptoms include; intermittent fever / weight loss / dyspnea / arthalagia

</doc>
<doc id="20922535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922535" title="Ernst Melzer">
Ernst Melzer

Ernst Melzer (September 21, 1835 - February 1, 1899) was a German educator and philosopher born in the Silesian village of Leifersdorf.
He studied studied philosophy and theology at the University of Bonn, earning his doctorate in 1860. From 1868 to 1885 he taught classes in Neisse. He died in Bonn on February 1, 1899.
Initially a prominent supporter of Güntherianism; in the 1870s he became involved with the German Old Catholic movement. He was the author of a biographical work on theologian Johann Baptista Baltzer called ""Johannes Baptista Baltzers Leben, Wirken und wissenschaftliche Bedeutung"" (1877). Other significant publications by Melzer include:

</doc>
<doc id="20922539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922539" title="Günter de Bruyn">
Günter de Bruyn

Günter de Bruyn (; born 1 November 1926) is a German author.
Life.
Günter de Bruyn was born in Berlin; his father Carl was a Catholic from Bavaria. Günter served as a Luftwaffenhelfer and soldier in World War II. Wounded, he was then held in custody by the United States as a prisoner of war; after his release he found a job as a farm worker in Hesse. After his return to Berlin, he trained as a "new teacher" in Potsdam. Until 1949 he worked as a teacher in a village near Rathenow in Brandenburg.
Subsequently, he trained as a librarian and worked at the "Zentralinstitut für Bibliothekswesen" (Central Institute for Library Knowledge) in East Berlin from 1953 to 1961. Since 1961 de Bruyn has lived as a freelance writer. From 1965 to 1978, he was a member of the "Zentralvorstandes des Schriftstellerverbandes der DDR" (Central Executive Committee of the Literary Association of East Germany); he was a member of the presidency of the PEN Centre of East Germany from 1974 to 1982.
In October 1989, Günter de Bruyn declined to accept the National Prize of East Germany.
De Bruyn lives in the village of Görsdorf (part of the municipality of Tauche) in Brandenburg, as well as in Berlin. He is a member of the German PEN Centre.
Literary activity.
Günter de Bruyn's works range from the frequently autobiographically colored Realist novels and narratives which explain critiques of the private lives of the artists in East Germany to essays on literary science and historical themes, particularly Prussian history.
He has edited a series of works from 18th and 19th century authors in Berlin and Brandenburg, which appear under the title "Märkischer Dichtergarten".
He had great success in the 1990s with the two volumes of his autobiography, "Zwischenbilanz" and "Vierzig Jahre".

</doc>
<doc id="20922562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922562" title="William A. Hickey">
William A. Hickey

William Augustine Hickey (May 13, 1869 – October 4, 1933) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Providence from 1921 until his death.
Biography.
William Hickey was born in Worcester, Massachusetts to William (d. 1917) and Margaret (née Troy) Hickey. His father served in both the army and the navy during the Civil War. Hickey attended Holy Cross College, and also studied at St. Sulpice Seminary in Paris. Upon his return to the United States, he attended St. John's Seminary and was ordained to the priesthood by Archbishop John Williams on December 22, 1893. He then held a variety of pastoral roles throughout Worcester County.
From 1903 to 1917, Hickey served as a pastor in Gilbertville, where he would preach in four different languages (English, French, Polish, and Lithuanian) every Sunday. He was then transferred to St. John's Church in Clinton, where he became much beloved for erecting a new parochial school and parish hall. His work in Clinton even earned him the praise of U.S. Senator David I. Walsh, who said, "Father Hickey has...been a soldier camping in the homes of the sick and the poor under the white banner of the Church, fighting for salvation; has battled for Christ in the trenches of humanity. Not a day has passed over his head since our boys first left Clinton that he has not prayed for his people."
On January 16, 1919, Hickey was appointed Coadjutor Bishop of Providence, Rhode Island and Titular Bishop of "Claudiopolis in Isauria" by Pope Benedict XV. He received his episcopal consecration on the following April 10 from Bishop Thomas Beaven, with Bishops Louis Walsh and Daniel Feehan serving as co-consecrators, in the Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul. He was immediately pronounced Apostolic Administrator for the diocese by the incumbent Bishop Matthew Harkins, whom Hickey succeeded as the third Bishop of Providence upon Harkin's death on May 25, 1921.
In 1923, the Bishop initiated an ultimately successful, three-year-long drive to raise a million dollars to improve and create diocesan high schools. He also led fundraising efforts for the support of the diocesan newspaper, the widely popular Providence Visitor. However, a number of ultranationalist French Canadians in the diocese saw the Bishop's endeavor as a threat to the continuation of their distinct traditions and, in 1924, founded the newspaper "La Sentinelle", which became the major organ of opposition to Hickey. The Sentinellists, as the group became known, contested Hickey's fundraising procedures before both ecclesiastical and civil courts, leading to their excommunication in 1927 and the placement of their paper on the "Index Librorum Prohibitorum". Hickey later lifted the excommunication after the group sought reconciliation.
Hickey later died from a heart attack, aged 64.

</doc>
<doc id="20922572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922572" title="Making Peace with the Planet">
Making Peace with the Planet

Making Peace With the Planet is a 1990 book by Barry Commoner. Commoner argues that, despite billions of dollars spent to save the environment, America is still in a deep environmental crisis. The book argues that environmental pollution can be prevented only through fundamental redesign of the way we produce goods.

</doc>
<doc id="20922589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922589" title="Adelma Vay">
Adelma Vay

Baroness Adelma Vay or von Vay (also Vay de Vaya), born Countess Adelaide von Wurmbrand-Stuppach (October 20, 1840–May 24, 1925), was a medium and pioneer of spiritualism in Slovenia and Hungary.
Life and work.
Vay was the elder daughter of Count Ernst von Wurmbrand-Stuppach and his wife, Countess Rosa Teleki von Szék (later wife of Friedrich, Prince of Solms-Baruth).
She was born at Tarnopol, Galicia, today Ternopil, Ukraine, where her father Count Ernst von Wurmbrand-Stuppach was serving as First Lieutenant in the local garrison. In her early youth she lived on the family estate near Schwarzau, Lower Austria. Her father died in 1846; when her mother married again in 1851 she left Austria and moved with her to Prussia for 10 years.
On March 12, 1860, she married Baron Ödön (Edmond, Eugen or Otto) Vay de Vaya, a Hungarian magnate. They enjoyed 60 years of marriage, but without having children. The couple lived at first at Tiszalök for some years, near the Hungarian-Ukrainian border, and later moved to Slovenske Konjice (Gonobitz), where they bought a mansion at Prevrat, still known as "Baronvaj" ("Baron Vay's").
Ödön was a retired senior officer of the Austro-Hungarian army. On August 9, 1877, the "Militar-Veteranen-Verein in Gonobitz" (Association of Army Veterans in Gonobitz) was founded, primarily for ex-soldiers regardless of nationality. The association's first president was Count Hugo Veriand von Windisch-Graetz, and his deputy was Baron Vay de Vaya.
The couple were both members of the local Red Cross Society committee, which in 1897 built a hospital named the "Christiane-Lazarett" after Christiane Habsburg, president of the Austro-Hungarian Red Cross Society. Baron Vay de Vaya decided in 1908 to have another building constructed (at his own cost) specifically for infectious disease patients. The hospital continued in operation until the beginning of World War II.
Adelma was well known as a great humanitarian, and never charged for her medical advice and assistance, being always prepared to help both poor and rich people.
On March 1, 1921, Ödön died at Mali Lošinj, where the couple had a summer villa. After his death the widowed Adelma continued to live in the mansion, surrounded by servants. She died on May 24, 1925, at her home. Despite she was Evangelical, the Roman Catholic parish priest Franc Hrastelj approved her burial in the churchyard of St. Anna's, Slovenske Konjice.
Spiritualism.
Adelma had the reputation of possessing mystical powers, probably inherited from her mother. She was reputed to have prophetic gifts and to be clairvoyant. She wrote, spoke and drew in an apparent trance-like state. She was a famous homeopath and attempted to cure people using magnetism.
In 1873 she and her husband founded at Budapest the "Verein spiriter Forscher" (Hungarian Spiritualist Association), of which they became the first presidents.
As knowledge and practice of spiritualism grew, Vay did great pioneer work. In "An Encyclopaedia of Occultism" (1920) by Lewis Spencer (1874–1955), she was noted as the initiator of spiritualism in Austro-Hungary, with a decisive role also ascribed to the "Verein spiriter Forscher".
Adelma von Vay once described her book "Spirit, Power And Matter" as an example of pure Christian Spiritualism. The newly formed association was not thought of as a dogmatic Spiritualistic sect but was instead anchored solidly in a framework of Christian religion, as testified by its statute of association.
Works.
Vay was author of many books, written in German and translated into English:
Sources.
German:
Slovene:

</doc>
<doc id="20922600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922600" title="Gore Hill cemetery">
Gore Hill cemetery

Gore Hill Cemetery is located in the northern Sydney suburb of St Leonards in New South Wales, Australia, and is one of the oldest and largest remaining cemeteries in metropolitan Sydney. It was established on 19 May 1868 by the New South Wales politician William Tunks. The first body was interred in 1877, and until its closure in 1974, 14,456 burials took place. Most burials took place between 1900 and 1930.
Several local councils administered the cemetery until 1875, when trustees from various denominations of churches took over the role.
Scattered throughout the cemetery are the remains of a number of deceased persons initially buried in the Devonshire Street Cemetery. The remains were transferred before the redevelopment of Devonshire Street Cemetery in 1901.
There are 17 war graves of Commonwealth service personnel of World War I, registered and maintained by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission.
By the 1950s burials had decreased, and in 1974 the cemetery ceased operating. To signify its closure and change of status from a working to a memorial cemetery, it was renamed the Gore Hill Memorial Cemetery.
Gore Hill Memorial Cemetery had been administered by the Gore Hill Memorial Cemetery Trust until 29 June 2012 when the Northern Metropolitan Cemeteries Trust took over the administration.

</doc>
<doc id="20922613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922613" title="Tingerup Tykke">
Tingerup Tykke

Tingerup Tykke is the official source of the Suså River, Denmark's 5th largest river. Tingerup Tykke is located just south of Rønnede, some 20 kilometers east of Næstved.

</doc>
<doc id="20922626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922626" title="Valery Goborov">
Valery Goborov

Valery Grigoryevich Goborov (, January 20, 1966 in Kherson, Ukrainian SSR, USSR - September 7, 1989, Moscow, USSR) was a Soviet basketball player. 
He won gold medal at 1988 Summer Olympics and was a champion of the USSR League (1988).
September 7, 1989, he died in Moscow in a car crash.
Tombstone

</doc>
<doc id="20922630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922630" title="Primo Feliciano Velázquez">
Primo Feliciano Velázquez

Primo Feliciano Velázquez Rodríguez (6 June 1860 – 19 June 1953) was a Mexican journalist, attorney and historian who specialized in regional history. He was a translator of Nahuatl and Latin and a connoisseur of local literature. In 1946-1948, he published the definitive "Historia de San Luis Potosí" ("History of San Luis Potosi") in four volumes.
Velázquez was born in Santa Maria del Rio, San Luis Potosi to Octaviano Velázquez and María de la Concepción Rodríguez. He was twelve years old when he was enrolled at the Seminary of San Luis Potosi (Seminario Conciliar Guadalupano Josefino), and he graduated in 1878, took an advanced degree in 1879, and passed his law examination there in October 1880. Subsequently, he assumed the Latin chair and the Civil Law chair there.
In 1883, he published "La Voz de San Luis" ("The Voice of San Luis"), a series of broadsides to celebrate the centennial of the birth of Agustín de Iturbide. The next year, he joined with Ambrosio Ramirez and Juan N. Ruelas to found the newspaper "El Estandarte" ("The Standard") in San Luis Potosi which proceeded to publish articles critical of the government, as well as literary and historical articles, written mostly by Velázquez. Velázquez espoused Christian social doctrine in his editorials, and encouraged others to submit articles on local history and folklore. "El Estandarte" was very successful going from biweekly to daily in 1890 and continuing to be published until the end of 1911.
Velázquez made his home a gathering point for those interested in the history of San Luis Potosi, and impromptu seminars were regular occurrences. He was a pioneer in archaeological research in San Luis Potosi, not only excavating himself, but encouraging the work of others.
Velázquez belonged to a number of organizations, local, national, and international, among them were: Academia Mexicana de la Historia, Real Academia de la Lengua, and Sociedad Mexicana de Geografía y Estadística.

</doc>
<doc id="20922639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922639" title="Frederic H. Balfour">
Frederic H. Balfour

Frederic Henry Balfour (fl. 1871–1908) was a British expatriate editor, essayist, author, and sinologist, living in Shanghai during the Victorian era. He is most notable for his translation of the writings known today as the "Tao Te Ching". Many of these translations appeared in his 1884 treatise: "Taoist Texts: Ethical, Political and Speculative", also known simply as "Taoist Texts". Although later discoveries of supplemental manuscripts have somewhat obscured Balfour's early sinology, his work is still used as a primary source for many scholars of the "Tao Te Ching".
Sinology.
Frederic Balfour followed the Wade-Giles method of transcription favored during the Victorian era. The first rough translations of ancient Chinese texts helped to shape future methods of transliteration. Comparing translations of the same passages in the "Tao Te Ching" by two sinologists, separated by a century, shows the tendency away from literal exposition in favor of figurative, artistic prose in Taoist studies.
Frederic H. Balfour also proved to be sceptical that Laozi was the author of the Taoist book "Tao Te Ching"; notably writing in "Leaves from my Chinese Scrapbook" that Laozi "is a philosopher who never lived." Balfour believed that Laozi was an amalgam of wise ministers, or perhaps a literary device which Chuang Tzu used, as he expounded on his philosophy to students; very similar to the academic debate over the Greek philosopher Socrates.
Man of letters.
Frederic H. Balfour was a prolific religious scholar, and published several volumes discussing the implications of theism on emerging societies. He also wrote several lengthy discourses on agnosticism. His letters about famine conditions in China were highly regarded, as little credible news regularly made it out of China during this period. Many of these letters appeared in "Harper's Magazine". Balfour published several fiction novels; under his own name, as well as under the pseudonym Ross George Dering. For most of his time in China, Balfour worked as editor-in-chief for "North China Daily News", "The Shanghai Evening Courier", and "The Celestial Empire" newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="20922657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922657" title="Foreign hostages in Nigeria">
Foreign hostages in Nigeria

Since 2006, militant groups in Nigeria's Niger Delta, especially the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND), have resorted to taking foreign employees of oil companies hostage as part of the conflict in the Niger Delta. More than 200 foreigners have been kidnapped since 2006, though most were released unharmed. The following is a list of known hostages taken.
2008.
Both have since been released.

</doc>
<doc id="20922667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922667" title="Halichondria bowerbanki">
Halichondria bowerbanki

Halichondria bowerbanki is a species of sponge that lives on rocky surfaces in the shallow subtidal, with occasional intertidal specimens under overhanging rocks. The physical appearance and structure of the species is variable and it has tassel-like irregular branches. Colonies can be up to 25 centimeters high with branches reaching 12 centimeters high. The color of the species is beige to brown in the summer, and light grey/yellow in the winter.

</doc>
<doc id="20922675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922675" title="SOS Online Backup">
SOS Online Backup

SOS Online Backup is an online backup company based in El Segundo, California.
History.
Founded in 2001 the company is headquartered in El Segundo, California, and has offices in Australia, India, and the Ukraine. It has twelve datacenters around the world including six in the United States, with others in Canada, Australia, United Kingdom, India, Ukraine and South Africa.
In 2012 the company changed its name to Infrascale, Inc. - and SOS Online Backup became the name of their cloud backup product line they sell to small businesses.
The SOS Online Backup product, is a integrated local and online backup tool that allows users to back up their data to an off-site location. It has versions for consumers, SMBs and resellers. The program works primarily on Windows operating systems, but there are also backup clients for iPhone, iPad, BlackBerry OS, Mac OS and Facebook.
The program received awards from various consumer focussed publications, such as Notebookreview.com, and was a "PC Magazine" Editors Choice in 2006, 2008, 2010 and 2011. "The New York Times" recommended the program in its article about "easy ways to improve your computer life".
Features.
Features include continuous data protection, unlimited versioning, archiving, integrated local backup, and military-grade security. It is available as both a paid version, and a free version with limited capacity.
On October 13, 2011 they announced a cloud-based backup service for mobile devices, desktop systems and Facebook.
Product Editions.
SOS Online Backup comes in two versions:
Infrascale also offers variations of its cloud backup technology to partners, and focuses heavily on selling through resellers and managed service providers. Infrascale markets several other cloud-storage products, including FileLocker (a cloud file-sharing product) and EndGuard (an enterprise endpoint backup product).
The SOS Business product, which Infrascale markets to partners and to business users includes several features targeted at protecting server-based data such as:

</doc>
<doc id="20922684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922684" title="Oregon state elections, 2007">
Oregon state elections, 2007

The November 6, 2007, Special Election, was an off-year election in which no members of the Congress, statewide offices, or members of the Oregon Legislative Assembly were scheduled for election. However, two statewide measures were referred by the legislature to the 2007 November Special Election ballot. While there were only two issues on the ballot, they touched on important enough 
issues that they attracted one hundred seventy-five arguments in total, both in favor of, and against them in the voter's pamphlet.
October 16 was the last day someone could have registered to vote in this election if this was their first time voting in Oregon. Because of a new centralized voter registration database, a voter previously registered could still move within the state, and could change their address until Election Day at 8 pm and still vote.
Ballot measures.
Measure 49.
"Modifies Measure 37; clarifies right to build homes; limits large developments; protects farms, forests, groundwater."
Measure 50.
"Amends Constitution: Dedicates funds to provide health care for children, fund tobacco prevention, through increased tobacco tax.."

</doc>
<doc id="20922685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922685" title="Saif-ur Mansur">
Saif-ur Mansur

Maulvi Saif-ur Mansur (or Saifullah Rahman Mansour, Saifullah Rehman Mansoor etc.) ( - c. 2007) was a senior Taliban commander.
Saifullah's father, Nasrullah Mansur, had been one of the leading militia commanders who fought against the Soviet Union during the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan.
Quoting a former Taliban diplomat "Time magazine" described Saifullah as ""a pious and emotional man of limited education and vision, naive and easily misled.""
Prior to the American invasion of Afghanistan Saifullah was the deputy commander of the Taliban's garrison at Kargha.
He fled to Pakistan following the deposition of the Taliban in late 2001, and was reported to have rallied 1,000 fighters by March 2002.
Saifullah was reported to have said ""The fight against America for the supremacy of Islam and the defense of our country will continue until our last breath"".
In May 2002 "Time magazine" described Saifullah as an emerging hero in the Taliban, after his men destroyed an American helicopter, killing seven American soldiers.
Saifullah was reported by Pahjwok Afghan News to have said ""The fight against America for the supremacy of Islam and the defense of our country will continue until our last breath"".
In 2005 Pakistani officials offered contradictory comments about whether Saifullah was still alive.
Saifullah was reported by Pajhwok Afghan News, quoting a source in the National Intelligence Department to have been killed in combat in 2007 or 2008.
The Indian press reported that a militant seized in disputed Kashmir in November 2010 asserted that Saifullah Mansur had been the "masool" or leader in Pakistan's Sarhad state.

</doc>
<doc id="20922693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922693" title="Ländchen">
Ländchen

The Ländchen is an historic area east of Wiesbaden, Germany. It consisted of the ten villages Breckenheim, Delkenheim, Diedenbergen, Igstadt, Langenhain, Massenheim, Medenbach, Nordenstadt, Wallau, and Wildsachsen, as well as Domäne Mechtildshausen. For three centuries, it was a Hessian owned territory between the Countship of Nassau in the west and the territory of the Archbishopric of Mainz in the east. It should not be confused with the Blue Ländchen at Nastätten. 
Breckenheim, Delkenheim, Igstadt, Medenbach, and Nordenstadt are now boroughs of Wiesbaden. Domäne Mechtildshausen is also part of the borough of Wiesbaden-Erbenheim. Diedenbergen, Langenhain, Wallau, and Wildsachsen are now boroughs of Hofheim am Taunus. Massenheim is a borough of Hochheim am Main. The Ländchen gives its name to a railway line, the Ländchesbahn, which traverses its territory.
History.
The Ländchen was sold by Count Gottfried IX (X) of Eppstein-Münzenberg in 1492 to the Landgrave William III "The Younger" of Hesse. In 1526, Landgrave Philipp I "the Magnanimous" led the population to Protestantism. Until the 20th century, the Ländchen was a purely Protestant territory. Thus, the census of December 1, 1910 counted only 248 Catholics and 133 Jews among its 7818 inhabitants.
In the Thirty Years War, the population fell to just 400 citizens in 1630. By 1821, the population was up to 4805.
As a result of the Secularization of 1803, the Ländchen, as well as the adjacent territories of the Archbishopric of Mainz, were given to the Principality of Nassau-Usingen (which would become part of the Duchy of Nassau in 1806).

</doc>
<doc id="20922710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922710" title="Don Almquist">
Don Almquist

Don Almquist (born July 21, 1929) is an American painter and illustrator.
Almquist was born in Hartford, Connecticut. He was the son of Nils Herbert Almquist (1903–1960) and Jeannette Perrow (1905–1996). He earned a BFA in 1951 from Rhode Island School of Design.
Almquist has exhibited in seven one-man shows and sixteen juried shows in the US, Canada and Sweden while garnering a number of awards. Earlier in his career, he served as an art and creative director for Ahlen & Akerlund in Stockholm, Sweden, one of the largest and influential publishing houses in Europe, and also as graphics advisor to the US Department of the Interior, Fish and Wildlife Service in Washington, D.C..

</doc>
<doc id="20922713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922713" title="Alan Schriber">
Alan Schriber

Alan R. Schriber is former chairman of the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio (PUCO).
Education/Academia.
An economist by trade (B.S. in economics from the University of Wisconsin–Madison, M.S. in economics from Miami University, Oxford, and a doctorate in economics from Indiana University) Schriber originally was a professor of economics at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio.
PUCO.
He left his 7-year professorship at Miami when former Governor Richard Celeste appointed Schriber to the PUCO in 1983 where he served as a commissioner until 1989. In 1999, Republican then-Governor Bob Taft appointed Schriber as the Chairman of the commission, thus becoming the agency's director. He was kept chairman by Democratic Governor Ted Strickland following Strickland's electoral victory in 2006 and continues serving into the 10th year of his appointment. In addition to his duties as Chairman of the PUCO, Schriber also chairs to Ohio Power Siting Board and is a participating member of the Harvard Electricity Policy Group, National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners, and National Governors Association Electricity Task Force.

</doc>
<doc id="20922724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922724" title="Monguito">
Monguito

Monguito "El Único", was a Cuban vocalist. He was born Ramón Sardiñas Quián, in Matanzas Province, Cuba; and died in 2006, in New York City. An Afro-Cuban sonero, he had a simple improvising style with a distinctive nasal voice. 
Monguito performed with Orquesta Mazzuet in his native town before relocating to Havana, where he sang with Orquesta Modernista and Conjunto Modelo. In the 1950s, Monguito el Único moved to Mexico. There he worked with Pepe Arévalo y Sus Mulatos and appeared in three movies. In 1962, Monguito moved to New York City, and began singing with Orquesta Broadway. He made his first recording, the album "Primitivo", with Arsenio Rodríguez in 1963 for the Roost Records label. Monguito el Único was a member of Johnny Pacheco's conjunto in the mid-1960s, alternating lead vocals with the Puerto Rican singer Chivirico Dávila. In 1967, he made his Fania solo debut with "Johnny Pacheco Presents Monguito". His debut on SAR Records, produced by Roberto Torres, was the album "Yo No Soy Mentiroso" in 1979. This recording went gold.
Much like Ismael Rivera, Monguito el Único embodies an earthy, pragmatic aesthetic in the tradition of the son montuno, forged in the streets of Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="20922728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922728" title="International Law Students Association">
International Law Students Association

The International Law Students Association ('ILSA') is a non-profit association of students and lawyers dedicated to the promotion of international law. The organization's activities include academic conferences, publications, the global coordination of student organizations, and the administration of the Philip C. Jessup International Law Moot Court Competition.
Vinod Surana of Surana and Surana was the first Indian to become World President of International Law Students Association(ILSA).

</doc>
<doc id="20922737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922737" title="Cobb Power Station">
Cobb Power Station

The Cobb Power Station is a hydroelectric facility on the Cobb River, 112 km northwest of Nelson, New Zealand. Since 2003, it has been owned and operated by TrustPower. Annual generation is approximately 190 GWh.
It is fed by the Cobb Reservoir and has a head of , the highest of any power station in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="20922756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922756" title="Auto Race (ride)">
Auto Race (ride)

Auto Race, also known as Auto Train, is an amusement park ride that gave children their first chance to drive a car. It was conceived and designed by Harry Guy Traver of Traver Engineereing. This ride features a set of electric cars traveling through a wooden trough-like track lined with metal strips used to carry the electrical current that powers the cars. There is only one remaining Auto Race still operating which can be found at Kennywood, located in West Mifflin, Pennsylvania, near Pittsburgh in the United States.
Kennywood's Auto Race.
Built in 1930, Kennywood's Auto Race is the last of its kind. Built on the former location of the original racer, it originally featured a series of small hills in the track and jalopy-style cars.
In 1948, the hills were removed due to the collisions caused by cars not making it all the way up when the track was wet and the original cars were redesigned with a more streamlined body. In the 1950s, the Name was changed to Auto Ride and was changed back to Auto Race in the 1990s. Also in the 90's, the cars were painted with racing numbers and the facade of the station was given a new racing motif, painted by local artist Raphael Pantalone and his wife, Kathleen, complete with a replica of the animated neon sign that was added to the front in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="20922768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922768" title="Dhamra">
Dhamra

Dhamra (or Dhamara) is a small community on the banks of the Dhamra River in the Bhadrak district of Odisha state, India. It developed as a port around the 15th century AD. The port was used for the coastal trade between northern Odisha and Kolkata to the northeast, and continued to be used to a small extent after independence in 1947. During April, 1998, an agreement was signed to develop the Port of Dhamara, about seven kilometers away on the coast of the Bay of Bengal, as a deep water port.
The temple of the Goddess Maa Dhamrai is located in the town. Some say that the goddess was brought from Sri Lanka by a local merchant who frequently traded with that island. Others say that she came from a place named "Satabhaya". She was thrown into the sea by her sisters who were angered by her pure vegetarianism, and was found floating by some fishermen who brought her to Dhamra. After an earlier temple had been destroyed, the present temple was built over a ten-year period, opening around 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20922805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922805" title="David Pine (disambiguation)">
David Pine (disambiguation)

David Pine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20922826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922826" title="Parshuram Gangwar">
Parshuram Gangwar

Shri Parashuram Ganawar (born 5 December 1937) is an Indian politician, and ex member of parliament, a doctor by profession. He was born in a Gangwar family in a small town of Barkhera, his Father Mr. Jhamman Lal was a local former. In May 1957, he married Smt. Ishwarawati and has two sons and four daughters from her.
He quilified A.M.B.S. from Lalit Hari Ayurvedic College, Pilibhit, Uttar Pradesh, he is a Medical Practitioner and Agriculturist. He served as a member of parliament for tenth Lok Sabha from constituency Pilibhit in 1991 and received 30.86% votes and defeated Smt. Menaka Gandhi of Janata Dal.

</doc>
<doc id="20922833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922833" title="Chamber of Physicians and Dentists">
Chamber of Physicians and Dentists

The Chamber of Physicians and Dentists () together with the regional chambers of physicians and dentists are the organizational bodies of the professional self-government of physicians and dental practitioners who are associated in the chambers with equal status. Chambers of physicians and dentists deal with all kinds of matters concerning the exercise of medicine and dentistry in Poland.
The organs of The Polish Chamber of Physicians and Dentists are: General Assembly, Supreme Medical Council (implements resolutions of the General Assembly, supervises the correct execution of tasks of the self-government of physicians and dentists, coordinates and supervises activities of regional medical councils), The Supreme Screener for Professional Liability (conducts proceedings in cases involving professional liability of physicians and dentists), The Supreme Medical Court (hears cases involving professional liability of physicians and dentists), The Supreme Audit Committee (controls financial and business activities of the Polish Chamber of Physicians and Dentists). 
The regional chamber of physicians and dentists registers as its members those physicians and dentists who hold a right to practice the profession and intend to practice as a physician or dentist within the jurisdiction of the given chamber.
The Medical Code of Ethics was passed at the 2nd General Medical Assembly in 1991. It was significantly amended at the 3rd General Medical Assembly in 1993 and at the 7th General Medical Assembly in 2003 in order to update the Code according to the current developments, e.g. new provisions on the relations between the physician and the medical industry were introduced.
The Polish Chamber of Physicians and Dentists is active in the works of the following international organizations of doctors and dental practitioners:

</doc>
<doc id="20922835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922835" title="Forza Bastia">
Forza Bastia

"Forza Bastia" is a 26-minute film documenting a UEFA Cup match between PSV Eindhoven and French club SC Bastia at the Furiani Stadium in 1978. Jacques Tati directed the piece at the request of friend Gilberto Trigano – the President of the Bastia club at that time. It was latterly shelved and kept in storage until Tati's daughter Sophie Tatischeff eventually assembled the footage for release in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20922850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922850" title="List of United States Senators in the 13th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 13th Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority from March 4, 1813 to March 3, 1815.
Order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term. Behind this is former service as a senator (only giving the Senator seniority within his or her new incoming class), service as Vice President, a House member, a Cabinet secretary, or a governor of a state. The final factor is the population of the senator's state.
The two main parties at this point were the Federalists (F), and Democratic Republicans (DR). At the end of this congress, there was one person elected who was an Anti-Democrat (AD).

</doc>
<doc id="20922860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922860" title="Otto Schneider">
Otto Schneider

Otto Schneider was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Schneider was awarded the Knight's Cross during the battle of Kovel, while in command of the 7th Company, 5th SS Panzer Regiment, 5th SS Panzer Division "Wiking". He was reported missing in action in April 1945 near Steiermark, Austria, and was in Soviet captivity until 1949

</doc>
<doc id="20922865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922865" title="The Sophisticated Gents">
The Sophisticated Gents

The Sophisticated Gents is a TV miniseries that aired on three consecutive nights from September 29 to October 1, 1981, on NBC. Its ensemble cast featured a number of African-American stage and film actors, many of whom were customarily seen in Soul Cinema Classic motion pictures in the 1970s. The miniseries is based upon the novel "The Junior Bachelor Society" by John A. Williams. Although production of the project ended in 1979, NBC did not air the miniseries until almost two years later.
Plot summary.
In the mid-1940s, Coach Charles "Chappie" Davis (Gaines) founded a sports club for African-American boys in the local community, dubbing them "The Sophisticated Gents". The young men became athletic heroes, and formed a lifetime bond with each other and their coach. Twenty-five years later, those members of the Gents remaining in town decide to hold a testimonial dinner for Chappie, who is now 70 years old. The dinner turns into an impromptu reunion, with nine Gents eventually arriving to honor Chappie. However, the legal troubles of one of the Gents could spell danger for all of them and their wives.
Video releases.
On March 6, 1992, the miniseries was released on VHS. However, it has yet to be released on DVD or any other digital video format.

</doc>
<doc id="20922872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922872" title="Marcus Johansson (ice hockey, born 1990)">
Marcus Johansson (ice hockey, born 1990)

Marcus Johansson (born October 6, 1990) is a Swedish ice hockey player currently playing for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League. He was selected by the Capitals in the first round (24th overall) of the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
In 2008–09, Johansson was part of the Färjestad BK team that became Swedish Champions.
On May 17, 2010, Johansson was signed to a three-year entry-level contract with the Capitals. He recorded his first NHL goal on October 19, 2010 against Tim Thomas of the Boston Bruins. Johansson is nicknamed "Mackan" and "MoJo" by fans and comes from a hockey family.
Playing career.
2005-06: Johansson had seven assists in 12 games for Malmö in U-18 Allsvenskan (Sweden's second league). He had four assists in six playoff games.
2006-07: Johanssson played for Färjestads' U-18 team and scored 5 goals with 9 assists and 8 PIM in 12 games. In eight playoff games, he scored 7 goals with 3 assists and had 2 PIM. In Sweden's U-17 TV-Pucken tournament, he played eight games for Skåne and had 5 goals with 5 assists and 41 PIM. He played for Team Sweden at the WJC U-18 tournament and had 4 assists and was +5 in six games. Sweden defeated Canada, 8-3, in the bronze medal game.
2007-08: Johansson split his second season with the Färjestads club between the U-18 team and on loan to Skare in Sweden's third division before making his Swedish Elite League debut in the playoffs. Johansson was scoreless with no PIM in three games in the SEL playoffs. In 19 games with Skare's senior team, he scored 2 goals with 10 assists and had 10 PIM. He scored 12 goals with 26 assists and had 16 PIM for Färjestads' U-18 team. In the U-18 playoffs, he scored 4 goals with 8 assists in eight games. Johansson was selected for Sweden's WJC U-18 team. In six games, he scored 3 goals with 2 assists and was +3 with 14 PIM as Sweden advanced to the bronze medal game for the second straight year but was beaten by Team USA, 6-3.
2008-09: Johansson saw limited ice time in his first full Elitserien season as Färjestads won the regular season and playoff championships. He scored 5 goals with 5 assists and was +4 with 10 PIM in 45 games while averaging just less than 10 minutes of ice time per game. In the playoffs he played in 6 of 13 games and was -1 averaging 7.23 minutes of ice time. Johansson was loaned to Skare in Sweden's third league and scored 5 goals with 5 assists in 10 games. He played for Team Sweden at the WJC U-18 tournament; scoring 2 goals and finishing +5 in six games as Sweden reached the tournament final before falling to Canada, 5-1.
2009-10: Johansson moved from winger to center in his second year with Färjestads and saw a bit more action. Johansson's 10 goals were tied for fourth on the team and he added 10 assists in 42 games while averaging just over 14 minutes of ice-time per game. For the season, he finished with an even plus/minus with 10 PIM. Färjestads slipped to fifth in the twelve-team league and fell to Skelleftea in a seven-game series in the first round of the playoffs. Johansson had five assists and was an even plus/minus with 2 PIM in the playoffs. Johansson captained Team Sweden in the WJC U-20 tournament and scored 1 goal with 5 assists and was +7 despite missing most of the third period in one game after receiving a game misconduct for an elbow on Team USA's Jerry D'Amigo (Tor) and sitting out the bronze medal game win over Switzerland. Johansson signed a three-year, entry-level contract with Washington in May.
2010-2011: Marcus became a regular in the Washington Capitals lineup in his rookie season, centering the second and third lines. He played an average of 14:43 in 69 games, netting 13 goals and 14 assists while serving only 10 minutes for penalties.
International play.
Johansson has represented Sweden at the 2009 and 2010 World Junior Championships, and was captain of the Swedish team for the 2010 tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20922873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922873" title="Bhagyavantha">
Bhagyavantha

Bhagyavantha () is a 1981 Kannada drama film directed and written by B. S. Ranga. The film featured Jai Jagadish, Aarathi and Puneeth Rajkumar (Master Lohith) playing the pivotal roles. Veteran actor Rajkumar and Thoogudeepa Srinivas made brief appearances in the film. The film is a remake of Telugu film "Maa Gopi" (1954). The dialogues and lyrics were written by Chi. Udaya Shankar.
The film featured original score and soundtrack composed by T. G. Lingappa. The soundtrack included two songs sung by actor Rajkumar.
Plot.
The movie stars and revolves around the life of Krishna (Puneeth Rajkumar) who is considered as an unlucky person and is shunned by most of his family members except his grandfather and his brother's wife.
Soundtrack.
The music was composed by T. G. Lingappa which included a very popular devotional song "Guruvara Banthamma" sung by actor Rajkumar.

</doc>
<doc id="20922907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922907" title="Sonny Zhou">
Sonny Zhou

"Sonny" Zhou Bin (born 1983 in Shanghai) is a Chinese model.
She is fluent in English and several Chinese dialects. Zhou has worked on campaigns for Aveda, Dooney & Bourke, Electrolux, L'Oréal, Nordstrom, Revlon, and Shanghai Tang. Her runway credits include Christian Dior, Givenchy, Just Cavalli, Viktor & Rolf, Lacoste, Baby Phat, L.A.M.B. by Gwen Stefani, Lacoste, and Vera Wang.
She is signed to Izaio Models, Dreamodels Workshop, Ave Management (Singapore), and IMG Models (London, Milan).

</doc>
<doc id="20922939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922939" title="Appu (2002 film)">
Appu (2002 film)

Appu is a 2002 Indian Kannada film. It stars Puneet Rajkumar and Rakshita in lead roles and is directed by Puri Jagannadh. It was remade into Telugu as "Idiot", in Tamil as "Dum" and in in Bengali as Priya Amar Priya in 2008. It had completed 200 days run. This was the first film with Puneet Rajkumar in a lead role.

</doc>
<doc id="20922943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922943" title="Malik-us-Sharq">
Malik-us-Sharq

Malik-us-Sharq was the Governor of Mahim, a village in Mumbai, India when the city was under the Gujarat Sultanate. He was appointed governor during the reign of Ahmad Shah I (1411–1443) of the Gujarat Sultanate. In addition to instituting a pi-oper survey of the land, he did a great deal towards the improvement of the revenue system.

</doc>
<doc id="20922965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922965" title="Riverside Park Management">
Riverside Park Management

Riverside Park Management is a non-profit organization in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. It was founded by Winnipeg businessman Sam Katz in 1997 to create a leasehold stake in the proposed CanWest Park stadium that eventually housed his Winnipeg Goldeyes baseball team. Katz himself served as the company's first president, and took part in negotiations with different levels of government concerning the stadium's construction. Riverside Park later leased the stadium grounds and surrounding lots from the city for $1 per year plus payments equal to property taxes, and sublet the land to the Goldeyes. In July 2004, the Goldeyes and Riverside Park had the same directors. 
Katz was elected as Mayor of Winnipeg in 2004, and remained president of Riverside Park until April 2008. He has said that he ended his involvement with the day-to-day management of the company after his election. His successor as president is Jason McRae-King.
Riverside Park became involved in a local controversy after appealing a steep 2006 property tax reassessment for a parking lot next to the arena. Two years after the appeal was launched, Winnipeg's property department asked city council to renegotiate the lease on terms favourable to the company. The city's executive policy committee (i.e. the municipal cabinet) heard evidence that the reassessment occurred because of confusion between two city departments, after Riverside Park was informed that there would be no significant increase. 
Some journalists and councillors argued that Katz was involved in a conflict-of-interest over this situation, as he was both Mayor of Winnipeg and president of Riverside Park from August 2005 to April 2008, while the two sides were engaged in a financial dispute. "Winnipeg Free Press" journalist Bartley Kives argued that the conflict was clear, although he added that there was nothing to suggest the mayor misused his position for personal benefit. 
Other concerns were later raised about Riverside Park. Councillor Dan Vandal, a frequent critic of Katz, said that the city should have access to its financial records to determine if it was properly fulfilling its role as a non-profit corporation. Russ Wyatt, a member of Katz's cabinet, expressed concern that Riverside Management did not provide any payments to the city from 2001 to 2004 because its land did not officially appear on assessment rolls, and called for the parking lot controversy to be referred to an outside lawyer. 
After a rancorous and divisive debate, city council voted 8-6 to revise the lease and retroactively eliminate $233,000 from Riverside Park's back taxes in late 2008. Katz recused himself from both the vote and debate.
A subsequent investigation by the "Winnipeg Free Press" raised further concerns about Riverside's financial arrangements with the Goldeyes. In an article entitled "Fair ball?", Bartley Kives wrote that "egal, accounting, ethics and non-profit governance experts" suggested that the relationship between the two entities was "unusual from a business perspective". Kives noted that Riverside Park was then leasing four parcels of land from the City of Winnipeg (covering the stadium and surrounding parking lots), which it then sublet to the Goldeyes. Riverside Park also made regular payments to the Goldeyes, which Kives indicated were "presumably to pay back part of the construction debt". Riverside Park reduced its debt to the Goldeyes by $1.3 million between 2000 and 2005, while the Goldeyes increased their annual rent payments to Riverside Park from $75,000 to over $1 million in the same period. Kives further noted that the "Free Press" was unable to draw any conclusions regarding the accelerated rent payments, as Riverside Park refused to turn over its books for investigation. A corporate lawyer hired by the "Free Press" said that he had never seen such an arrangement, while the Manitoba director of the Canadian Taxpayers Federation said the city should have leased the land directly to the for-profit company without going through Riverside Park.
Shortly after city council voted to eliminate Riverside Park's back taxes, the City of Winnipeg took over the parking lot that was the source of the controversy. Katz has repeatedly argued that there was nothing improper about his activities, and has accused the media of sensationalizing the controversy.

</doc>
<doc id="20922967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922967" title="1995 Vellore Fort Jailbreak">
1995 Vellore Fort Jailbreak

1995 Vellore Fort Jailbreak was an escape from prison in Vellore, Tamil Nadu, India on 15 August 1995. After digging a tunnel, 43 Tamil Tiger inmates escaped from the prison. 21 of the escapees were re-captured within weeks of the escape.

</doc>
<doc id="20922971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922971" title="Network Centric Airborne Defense Element">
Network Centric Airborne Defense Element

The Network Centric Airborne Defense Element (NCADE) is an anti-ballistic missile system being developed by Raytheon for the Missile Defense Agency. On Sept. 18, 2008 Raytheon announced it had been awarded a $10 million contract to continue NCADE research and development. The NCADE system is a boost phase interceptor based heavily on the AIM-120 AMRAAM, with the AMRAAM fragmentation warhead replaced by a hit-to-kill vehicle powered by a hydroxylammonium nitrate monopropellant rocket motor from Aerojet.
The launch vehicle will be a Boeing F-15C Golden Eagle with an AESA radar.

</doc>
<doc id="20922976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922976" title="Camp Beaverbrook">
Camp Beaverbrook

Camp Beaverbrook (CBB) was a co-educational overnight summer camp near Cobb Mountain, in Lake County, California from 1961 - 1985. It was founded in 1961 by Bob and Marian Brown of Orinda, California, who were known as Amee and Niha, Pomo language for "Father" and "Mother," in honor of the native Pomo People. CBB took campers from age 7 - 17. 15-17-year-olds were given helper roles through a "Campers in Leadership Training Program" (CILT, pronounced "silt"). 
Camp activities included riflery, archery, horseback riding, hiking, nature walks, backpacking, arts and crafts projects, drama (the camp regularly produced several musicals each summer), swimming, water skiing at nearby Clear Lake, music, volleyball, boating and overnight canoe trips on the Russian River. 
Campers, known as "Beaverbods", were mainly from the San Francisco Bay Area, though some came from as far away as Europe, Mexico, Canada and Japan. A unique feature of the camp was a relative lack of competitiveness. Campers were rarely put into direct competition with one another, rather, a supportive and mutually nurturing environment was cultivated. Thousands of youngsters attended the camp, and a Yahoo! interest group exists for them to stay in touch with one another as well as a dedicated Facebook group.
Like most sleep away summer camps, Camp Beaverbrook lived and thrived as an isolated community, cut off from the outside world. Campers were deprived of television, radio, candy, hair dryers, and many other creature comforts. While a rigid daily structure was in place, there was also an abundance of choice. Each camper could select his or her own activities for the day at the beginning of each activity period with as many as seven or eight choices. 
The staff used nicknames like Jasmine, Trooper, Stage, Opus, Truckee, Strider, Slim, Sparky, Lucky, Poozle, Flash, Kelsey and Bedaz. Campers never knew their counselors real names, and even if they learned them, they would scarcely dare to utter them aloud, not only because it was strictly forbidden, but because the campers, even the youngest campers, on some level understood that the magical isolated environment would be jeopardized.
A large contingent of campers came back year after year and some stayed for several sessions each summer. Many campers came for three or four or even five summers in a row. A few campers returned for more than ten summers, many went on to become counselors.
In June 2010, Matthew C. "Flash" Callahan, who attended Camp Beaverbrook from 1977-1985, completed a 68 minute documentary film about Camp Beaverbrook entitled "Beaverbrook". Through interviews, archival footage and stills, the film characterizes Camp Beaverbrook as a place where "kids could just be kids".
In 2011 "Beaverbrook" screened at three film festivals; the Black Hills Film Festival in Hill City, South Dakota; DocUtah in St. George, Utah; and San Francisco IndieFest's DocFest 2011. The film won awards at each festival. "Beaverbrook" was broadcast in the San Francisco bay area on public television's KQED in the summer of 2012. The film continues to be broadcast on local stations throughout the western United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20922978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922978" title="Kim Gwang-Seok">
Kim Gwang-Seok

Kim Gwang-Seok (; born 12 February 1983) is a South Korea football player who since 2007 has played for Pohang Steelers.
Honors.
Club.
Pohang Steelers

</doc>
<doc id="20922981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922981" title="Mayday (King Cobb Steelie album)">
Mayday (King Cobb Steelie album)

Mayday is the fourth studio album by Canadian alternative rock band King Cobb Steelie, released in 2000 on Outside Music.
Crash Vegas lead Michelle McAdorey lent her singing and writing talents to the album's title track.
Track listing.
All songs by Kevan Byrne, Kevin Lynn and Michael Armstrong except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20922990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922990" title="André Petersson">
André Petersson

André Petersson (born September 11, 1990) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player. He currently plays in the Ottawa Senators organization with the Binghamton Senators of the American Hockey League (AHL). He was selected by the Ottawa Senators in the 4th round (109th overall) of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
Petersson has won the Swedish junior championship and the regular Swedish championship with HV71 in 2009 and 2010, respectively. He has twice played in the IIHF World U20 Championship and won the silver medal in 2009 and the bronze medal in 2010.
Petersson began the 2011-12 season in North America, playing with Ottawa's top farm team, the Binghamton Senators of the American Hockey League. He was called up to Ottawa on January 17, 2012, and made his National Hockey League debut on January 21 against the Anaheim Ducks. Petersson had a good first season with Binghamton, scoring 23 goals and 21 assists to place second on the team in scoring. As the 2012–13 season started with an NHL lockout and no NHL training camp, Petersson started with Binghamton and had 2 goals and 3 assists before injuring his hip and ending his season early.

</doc>
<doc id="20922997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20922997" title="Honeybunch">
Honeybunch

Honeybunch is an indie pop band from Providence, Rhode island formed in 1987 by future Velvet Crush member Jeffrey Borchardt, releasing a string of records before splitting up in 1995. The band reformed in 2003.
History.
The band was formed in 1987 by Jeffrey Borchardt (aka Jeffrey Underhill) (vocals, guitar), with Peter Reilly (bass, vocals), Christine Jansky (drums), Chris Adams (keyboards), & Claudia Gonson (drums). The band's debut release was the "Hey Blue Sky!" single on Bus Stop Records in 1989. The band then moved on to Slumberland Records, who issued the next two singles in 1990-1991. Several more releases followed on Summershine, and Four-Letter Words, with the last on K Records. Borchardt also played in Velvet Crush from 1989 - 1996 . He also contributed to various other projects including singing on the first album by The 6ths, and playing guitar on Pernice Brothers & related records, Doug Shepherd's band, the 'Mericans, the Masons, and Death Vessel .
A compilation of the band's work was issued in 1997, "Time Trials 1987-1995" on Summershine in the US, and Elefant in Spain.
The band were a major influence on many American indie pop and "cuddlecore" bands that followed, with "Allmusic" stating "their smooth, minimal three-piece pop approach and independent aesthetics served as a template for countless other scenes and projects".
The band continued on with a new line-up of Jeffrey Underhill (vocals, guitar), Lisa Underhill (vocals, keyboards) and Rafael Attias (guitar), for a new EP on Bus Stop in 2003. The EP was described by the "Boston Phoenix" as "vintage pop, with flourishes of rootsiness, the Association, and the early electronic pop of Depeche Mode". "PopMatters" siad of the EP "Honeybunch is a perfect moniker for such sweet tasting music".

</doc>
<doc id="20923004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923004" title="Madonna Falls">
Madonna Falls

The Madonna Falls, is a waterfall believed to hold mana and have healing properties. The waterfall is located on State Highway 4 (New Zealand) about 14 km from the town of Mapiu.

</doc>
<doc id="20923021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923021" title="Crenshaw Mafia Motherfuckers">
Crenshaw Mafia Motherfuckers

The Crenshaw Mafia Motherfuckers (CMMF) were a Los Angeles rock band featuring renowned Japanese drummer C.J. Himawari of the Tokyo-based group Sex Machineguns, singer/guitarist Lantz L'Amour, Blessings/Smack bass player Jamie Zimlin, and Stacey Blades of Roxx Gang and L.A. Guns. They released one self-titled album in 2004 on the Japanese label "Recipro/Heatseeker". The album was produced by Lady Sinatra/Deathelectric mastermind Jeaux Mezzacappa.

</doc>
<doc id="20923022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923022" title="Lee Chang-Won">
Lee Chang-Won

Lee Chang-Won (; born 10 July 1975) is a South Korean football defender, who plays for Pohang Steelers in the K-League. Lee previously played for Chunnam Dragons.
Honors.
Club.
Chunnam Dragons
Pohang Steelers

</doc>
<doc id="20923025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923025" title="Max Bedacht">
Max Bedacht

Max Bedacht Sr. (1883–1972) was a German-born American revolutionary socialist political activist, journalist, and functionary who helped establish the Communist Party of America. Bedacht is best remembered as the long-time head of the International Workers Order, a Communist Party-sponsored fraternal benefit organization.
Biography.
Early years.
Max Bedacht, Sr. was born in Munich, Germany to an ethnically German mother on October 13, 1883. He was the son of a single mother who worked as a domestic servant and was raised Catholic by a maternal aunt and uncle.
Early labor activities.
Bedacht apprenticed and worked as a barber in Germany and Switzerland, working in the towns of Gosseau and Herisau. He organized fellow journeymen barbers into a union during his European years. In 1905 he joined the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland. In 1907, Bedacht was elected president of the Swiss National Barbers' Union and edited the organization's newspaper. That same year he took part in his first labor action, a sympathy strike held for the striking chocolate workers on the banks of Lake Geneva.
During a barbers' strike the following year, Bedacht rented a building for a cooperative barber shop in his name. In the settlement of the strike, the plan for the cooperative facility was abandoned, however, and Bedacht was sued for breach of contract by the building's landlord. While the union's members offered to pay the money for him, Bedacht decided to emigrate to the United States rather than allow this to take place.
Activities: New York City.
Bedacht immigrated to the United States in 1908 and joined the Socialist Party of America (SPA) during that same year. He lived and worked in Manhattan from 1910 to 1912, cutting hair by day while spending his evenings as a German-language socialist agitator. After this he spent a brief period in Detroit as editor of both German-language and English-language Socialist newspapers.
Activities: San Francisco.
In June 1913 he moved to San Francisco to become the editor of the German-language labor newspaper "Vorwärts der Pacific Küste" (Forward of the Pacific Coast), a job which he retained until the paper's termination in 1917 due to draconian postal regulations being placed on the foreign language press during World War I. He briefly moved to South Dakota to edit a paper called "The New Era" following the demise of the " Vorwärts," but soon returned to San Francisco when he found that publication unviable, taking up the barbers' shears again.
Bedacht was long an adherent of the so-called impossibilist wing of the Socialist Party, placing his faith in socialist revolution rather than the ameliorative reform of elected officials. As was the case with many radicals in America, Bedacht was inspired by the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917 and was an early adherent of the 1919 Left Wing Manifesto written by Louis C. Fraina and the Left Wing Section of the Socialist Party which emerged in conjunction with that document. Bedacht was a Left Wing candidate for the SPA's governing National Executive Committee in 1919 and a delegate to the SPA's pivotal 1919 Emergency National Convention.
Chicago convention of 1919.
At the Chicago convention in August 1919, the Left Wing California delegation was challenged at the time the gathering was convened, placing the delegates in limbo, their fate held in the mercy of a committee firmly controlled by the "Regular" faction of National Executive Secretary Adolph Germer and James Oneal. The Credentials Committee, headed by Judge Jacob Panken of New York City, stalled the hearings on the California delegation until after the convention was underway and until it was clear that a safe majority of delegates were in the Regulars' camp. 
As a result, although they were ultimately approved by the committee, the California delegation refused to take their seats in protest and went downstairs to attend the parallel convention of the Communist Labor Party (CLP) convened by NEC members Alfred Wagenknecht and L.E. Katterfeld. Bedacht was elected at the founding convention to the 5 member National Executive Committee which governed the CLP.
During the Palmer Raids in California and Chicago, Bedacht was arrested and tried for conspiracy. However, despite conviction he avoided prison. Soon afterwards, he traveled to Europe and Russia as an international delegate for the Communist Party.
In 1924, Bedacht was a delegate of the Workers Party to the 5th World Congress of the Communist International.
Bedacht lived in Chicago at ever lived at 3101 North Nordica Avenue, from 1923 to 1928, according to his testimony before HUAC in 1949.
Activities: New York City.
In 1929, Bedacht took over as liaison with the Soviet underground after the expulsion of Jay Lovestone from the Party in 1929.
In the summer of July 1932, Bedacht invited Whittaker Chambers to join the Soviet underground. Chambers described Bedacht's approach as follows: "What are you doing now, Comrade Chambers?" Bedacht asked me. I said that I was editing the "New Masses" . "You were out of the party for a while, weren't you?" he asked . I said that I had been out of the party. "For some reason," he said, as if he strongly disapproved of the whole business, "they want you to go into one of the party's 'special institutions'." Bedacht always used that expression in referring to any of the Communist underground apparatuses. But it was a term new to me.I asked what he meant. "It is a 'special institution'," he repeated. As I still looked blank, he added: "They want you to do underground work." [...]Then I said: "I am sorry, but I have decided not to do it.""You have no choice," said the little man. He meant, of course, that I was under the discipline of the party and that, if I did not go into the underground, I would go out of the party. "In fact," he added, "in a few minutes I am going to take you to someone from the 'special institution'."
In 1934, he ran on the Communist ticket for U.S. Senator from New York.
In 1937, he said under oath in 1948, "I went to Spain with a committee of eight to the International Brigade in Spain. I think it was 1937."
In 1939, "Time Magazine" cited Bedacht in connect with the arrest of Party leader Earl Browder on charges of indicted a Federal Grand Jury in New York City on two counts connected to passport: "Possible was the bagging by Frank Murphy of such Reds as Executive Committeeman Max Bedacht, Publisher Alexander Trachtenberg."
International Workers Order.
In the 1940s, Bedacht became general secretary of the International Workers Order (IWO), a Communist Party-affiliated insurance, mutual benefit, and fraternal organization (1930–1954), whose membership peaked 1946-1974 at 200,000 members. In the mid-1940s, Bedacht appeared under subpoena before the Special Committee on Un-American Activities of the US House of Representatives (or "Dies Committee").
Expulsion.
In 1948, Bedacht was expelled from the national CPUSA.
In November 1949, Bedacht appeared before the House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC). Regarding his activities, he answered when asked: Mr. Tavenner: Will you please state for the committee the official positions which you have held in the past in the Communist Party of the United States?Mr. Bedacht: Almost everything up to secretary. I was never the editor of the "Daily Worker". Regarding his expulsion from the CPUSA, he held this exchange: Mr. Tavenner: I believe you have recently been expelled from Communist Party, have you not?Mr. Bedacht. Yes, sir.Mr. Tavenner. On what grounds did this expulsion take place?Mr. Bedacht: I don't know that I know myself, but, anyway, this committee is surely not a court of appeals against my expulsion, and my explanation for it would take quite a while, and you would have to listen to the other side, too.Mr. Tavenner: I will not go into that. It was the result of a factional dispute within the party; is that substantially right?Mr. Bedacht: You may say so.
Death and legacy.
Bedacht was married and had four children, three girls and a boy. Eldest daughter Elsie worked for a time in the National Office of the Communist Party in the early 1930s. Boy my cousin Max jr is the youngest Ethel was second oldest and my grand mother Elizabeth the youngest of the girls I named my own Daughter after her she died shortly after my Elizabeth was born in 1992 i learned a lot from my grand father his seance of right and wrong. 
Max Bedacht died on July 4, 1972.
Works.
Articles.
All articles listed here come from the Marxist Internet Archives except the 1926 "Daily Worker" article entitled "Eastman Drops His Mask."

</doc>
<doc id="20923031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923031" title="Rai Qutb">
Rai Qutb

Rai Qutb was an officer of the Gujarat Sultanate who had conquered Mahim, a village in Mumbai, India. During the early 15th century, the Bhandaris seized the island of Mahim from the Sultanate and ruled it for eight years. It was reconquered by Rai Qutb of the Gujarat Sultanate. He died in 1429-1430. 
It is related that the daughter of the Rai of Mahim was given in marriage to Prince Fateh Khan, the son of Ahmad Shah of Gujarat.

</doc>
<doc id="20923039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923039" title="Lee Seung-Yeul">
Lee Seung-Yeul

Lee Seung-Yeul(born September 28, 1983) is a South Korea football player who since 2007 has played for Korea National League side Daejeon Hydro & Nuclear Power FC.
Lee made one Hauzen Cup appearance for Pohang Steelers.

</doc>
<doc id="20923045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923045" title="Democratic July 14 Movement">
Democratic July 14 Movement

The Democratic July 14 Movement (, translit. "harakat 14 tammuz ad-dimoqratia") was a front of Iraqi political forces, a broad unity opposing Baathist rule over Iraq. It emerged through the cooperation between Iraqi Communist Party-Central Command leader Najim Mahmud (in exile in Paris), Colonel Salim al-Fakhri and others. The name 'July 14' referred to the July 14 revolution of 1958. Al-Fakhri whad been an important associate of Abd al-Karim Qasim and had been proposed as Prime Minister by the plotters of the failed Rashid coup d'etat. The movement claimed to represent the genuine legacy of July 14, 1958 from which, according to the organization, Qasim and his military associates had deviated from.
In November 1979 the Supreme National Committee of the Democratic July 14 Movement published a manifesto in Baghdad, titled 'A Project for a National Pact'. The manifesto called for the overthrow of the Baathist government, right of self-determination of the Kurds through the possibility of a referendum, democratizing the Iraqi army, economic and eventually political integration of the Arab states and re-orientation of the national oil policy.
The Democratic July 14 Movement proved short-lived, as differences erupted between its leaders. Al-Fakhri projected himself as the main leader of the movement, in contradiction to the agreed principle of collective leadership. In July 1980 he held separate negotiations with the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan leader Jalal Talabani, for the construction of an Iraqi national front against Saddam Hussein's rule. Other constituents of the Democratic July 14 Movement questioned al-Fakhri on what mandate these negotiations had been taken place. By early 1981, the movement had broken apart and ceased to function.

</doc>
<doc id="20923048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923048" title="Vietnamosasa">
Vietnamosasa

Vietnamosasa is a genus of bamboo.
Species.
 "V. ciliata" (A.Camus) T.Q.Nguyen<br>
 "V. darlacensis" T.Q.Nguyen<br>
 "V. pusilla" (A.Chev. & A.Camus) T.Q.Nguyen

</doc>
<doc id="20923057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923057" title="Tenham (meteorite)">
Tenham (meteorite)

Tenham meteorites are the fragments of a larger meteorite that fell in 1879 in a remote area of Australia near the Tenham station, South Gregory, in western Queensland. Although the fall was seen by a number of people its exact date has not been established. Bright meteors were seen to be moving roughly from west to east. Stones were subsequently recovered from over a large area, about long by wide. 
Because the Tenham meteorites were recovered quite soon after they fell, from a remote and dry region in which weathering and other alterations had not set in, they have been invaluable for scientific study of meteorites and their mineral contents. They are examples of chondritic meteorites, containing a high level of organic compounds, and rich in silicates, oxides, and sulfides. Many scientific studies have explored the mineralogy of these meteorites and their non-terrestrial features.
Because the Tenham meteorites show evidence of high pressure deformations, they have been used to infer chemical and mineral changes that might occur within Earth's mantle.
Ringwoodite, the high pressure forsterite polymorph named after Ted Ringwood was discovered in fragments of the Tenham meteorite.

</doc>
<doc id="20923059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923059" title="2001 Seattle Bowl">
2001 Seattle Bowl

The 2001 Jeep Seattle Bowl was the first edition to be named as such of the college football bowl game (previously known as the Oahu Bowl), and was to be played at Qwest Field in Seattle, Washington. The game pitted the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets from the ACC and the Stanford Cardinal from the Pac-10. The game was the final competition of the 2001 football season for each team and resulted in a 24–14 Georgia Tech upset victory over the 11th ranked Stanford team.
The game was played at Safeco Field because Qwest Field had not yet been completed.
Coaches.
Georgia Tech coach Mac McWhorter was coaching on an interim basis (his only game as head coach) after coach George O'Leary announced he was resigning to take the same position at Notre Dame. Due to a controversy surrounding O'Leary's resume, and in an odd twist of fate, McWhorter's counterpart Tyrone Willingham ended up as the new Notre Dame coach and thus this edition of the Seattle Bowl was his last game at Stanford.

</doc>
<doc id="20923061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923061" title="Jang Hyun-Kyu">
Jang Hyun-Kyu

Jang Hyun-Kyu (; 22 August 1981 – 16 August 2012) was a South Korean footballer. 
He was involved in the 2011 South Korean football betting scandal. 
He died of a suspected heart attack at his home in Ulsan on 16 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20923066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923066" title="Edo Lullaby">
Edo Lullaby

Edo Lullaby ( or Edo komoriuta) is a traditional Japanese cradle song. It originated in Edo, was propagated to other areas, and is said to be the roots of the Japanese lullabies.
General.
The Edo Lullaby is a traditional Japanese cradle song. It originated in Edo, was propagated to other areas, and is said to be the roots of the Japanese lullabies.
Lyrics.
Japanese.
<poem>
ぼうやはよい子だ　ねんねしな。
あの山こえて　里へ行った。
でんでん太鼓に　笙の笛。
</poem>
Romanized Japanese.
<poem>
Nennen korori yo, Okorori yo.
Bōya wa yoi ko da, Nenne shina~
Bōya no omori wa, Doko e itta?
Ano yama koete, Sato e itta.
Sato no miyage ni, Nani morotta?
Denden taiko ni, Shō no fue.
</poem>
English translation.
<poem>
Hushabye, Hushabye!
My good Baby, Sleep!
Where did my boy's baby-sitter go?
Beyond that mountain, back to her home.
As a souvenir from her home, what did you get?
A toy drum and a shō flute.
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="20923073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923073" title="Kurt Schumacher (SS officer)">
Kurt Schumacher (SS officer)

Kurt Schumacher was an Obersturmfuhrer (First Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. 
Schumacher was awarded the Knights Cross in April 1944 while in command of the 3rd Company, 5th SS Panzer Regiment, 5th SS Panzer Division "Wiking".

</doc>
<doc id="20923078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923078" title="Cho Han-Bum">
Cho Han-Bum

Cho Han-Bum (; born 28 March 1985) is a South Korea football right wingback, who currently plays for Ulsan Hyundai Mipo Dockyard Dolphins FC in the Korea National League. He previously played for K-League clubs Daegu FC and the Pohang Steelers.
Club career.
Having spent his youth career at Chung-Ang University, Cho's professional career began as a draft pick for the Pohang Steelers in time for the 2008 K-League season. Remaining with the Pohang Steelers for the 2009 season, Cho saw limited matchplay. However, during the summer transfer window, on 29 July 2009, Cho was loaned to Daegu FC. Following the end of the load period, Cho returned to the Pohang Steelers for the 2010 season, but was released at the end of year.

</doc>
<doc id="20923097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923097" title="Thomas Long (writer)">
Thomas Long (writer)

Thomas Long (1621–1707) was an English clergyman and writer on Church politics. He spent almost all of his life in Exeter.
Life.
He was educated at Exeter College, Oxford, where he graduated B.A. in 1642. He was prebendary of Exeter from 1600 to 1701.
Writings.
In 1678 he attacked the late John Hales, incidentally taking a swipe at Andrew Marvell.
After the Glorious Revolution he wrote from the Whig perspective, in "A Resolution of Certain Queries" (1689), advocating submission to the new government. He replied, however, to John Locke's "A Letter Concerning Toleration" (1689), by writing like Jonas Proast, a High Church critique of Locke’s advocacy of religious toleration.
After the 1690 republication of "Eikonoklastes", he entered the controversy over the authorship of the "Eikon Basilike", writing against Anthony Walker and supporting Richard Hollingworth. He also attacked the Unitarian tract "The Naked Gospel" (1690), the work of Arthur Bury.

</doc>
<doc id="20923131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923131" title="Dendrochloa">
Dendrochloa

Dendrochloa is a genus of bamboo.

</doc>
<doc id="20923135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923135" title="Kokkilai offensive">
Kokkilai offensive

The Kokkilai offensive was a military operation carried out by the Tamil Tigers in Kokkilai, Mullaitivu District, Sri Lanka. It is claimed this was the first attack by LTTE on a Sri Lankan Army barrack. Ravi Jayewardene, brother of then President of Sri Lanka JR Jayewardene reported to the National Security Council that the Kokkilai attack was a full-scale armed confrontation and said the Tamil Tigers were becoming a ‘sophisticated enemy.’
It is believed Tamil Tigers’ Ranjan Kanagaratnam died in this attack, he was the son of Sri Lankan Member of Parliament late K. Kanagaratnam.

</doc>
<doc id="20923151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923151" title="Kutb Khan">
Kutb Khan

Kutb Khan was the commandant of Mahim, a village in Mumbai, India during the 15th century when the city was under the Gujarat Sultanate.

</doc>
<doc id="20923162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923162" title="Charles Baugniet">
Charles Baugniet

Charles-Louis Baugniet (27 February 1814 Brussels - 5 July 1886 Sèvres), was a Belgian painter, lithographer and aquarellist. His name remains attached to the lithographing of portraits of famous and lesser-known figures from Belgium, France and England. They are politicians, senior officials, prominent clergy, both from the Roman Catholic and Anglican Church, industrialists, professors, artists, musicians, actors, and people from the vaudeville world.
Biography.
He attended the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels during 1827-29, where he studied under Joseph Paelinck and Florent Willems. His first attempts lithography date from 1827, and his reputation grew steadily with the appearance of his first portraits in the magazine "L'Artiste" in 1833.
He collaborated with from 1835-42 in producing a series of portraits of the Belgian House of Representatives - Louis Huard finished only 6 portraits, Baugniet doing the remainder. This was followed in 1836 by a series of 30 portraits of contemporary artists - ""Les Artistes Contemporains"". Included were portraits of Louis Jéhotte, Louis Gallait, Nicaise De Keyser, Jean-Baptiste Madou, Eugène Simonis, , Horace Vernet, Paul Delaroche and Hippolyte Bellangé.
He was commissioned to do portraits of the Belgian Royal Family, and this led to his appointment as court painter in 1841. In 1843 he moved to London where he became a leading society portrait painter, creating a portrait of Prince Albert in 1851. Later he often returned to London to do portraits of celebrities such as Charles Dickens and the French composer Hector Berlioz. Baugniet also designed the first Belgian postage stamp (the so-called Epaulettes type) brought into circulation on 1 July 1849. The stamp depicted Leopold I of Belgium after a painting by .
Baugniet settled in Paris in 1860. Almost overnight the invention and development of photography strangled the traditional market of lithographic portraits, forcing many of Baugniet's colleagues to become professional photographers. Baugniet however concentrated on producing paintings and portraits which displayed the studied elegance of the Second French Empire, a genre that enjoyed great popularity.

</doc>
<doc id="20923164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923164" title="Agalactia">
Agalactia

Agalactia (or agalactorrhea) is absence of or faulty secretion of breast milk following childbirth.
It is commonly associated with Sheehan's syndrome, following post partum haemorrhage.

</doc>
<doc id="20923166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923166" title="Kim Soo-Yeon">
Kim Soo-Yeon

Kim Soo-Yeon (; born 17 April 1983) is a South Korea football player who plays for Giravanz Kitakyushu.
On 26 March 2011, Kim joined J. League Division 2 club Giravanz Kitakyushu.

</doc>
<doc id="20923168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923168" title="Menstruocalamus">
Menstruocalamus

Menstruocalamus is a genus of bamboo.

</doc>
<doc id="20923183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923183" title="Shin Hyung-Min">
Shin Hyung-Min

Shin Hyung-Min (; born July 18, 1986) is a South Korea football player who currently plays for Al Jazira Club.
International career.
His international career began when he played for the South Korea U-20 team. On 18 January 2010, he made his first international cap for South Korea at the friendly match against Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20923185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923185" title="Oxytenanthera">
Oxytenanthera

Oxytenanthera is a genus of bamboo. 
The Asiatic species of the genus "Oxytenanthera" have been brought into synonymy with either "Dendrocalamus" or "Gigantochloa" by Holttum (1956); however, molecular studies show species of "Oxytenanthera" quite distinct from "Dendrocalamus" spp. (for example, Pattanaik and Hall, 2009). 
"Oxytenanthera abyssinica" is the most common lowland bamboo in eastern and central Africa, also called "savannah bamboo". 
"Oxytenanthera braunii" is a common species in the Southern Highlands of Tanzania in Iringa, Mbeya and Ruvuma Regions that is being used for tapping its juice that is fermented for the production of a local wine.

</doc>
<doc id="20923186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923186" title="Beat Factory">
Beat Factory

Beat Factory was a Canadian urban music management/production company and independent record label, based in Toronto, Ontario. 
In 1982, Beat Factory was founded by Ivan Berry and songwriter Rupert Gayle. Throughout the 1980s and '90s, Beat Factory managed the top urban music artists in Canada. In 1988, Berry signed Michie Mee to an international record deal with Atlantic Records, making her the first Canadian hip hop artist signed to a major label. Beat Factory's biggest success was the Dream Warriors, who sold 800,000 copies of their debut album "And Now the Legacy Begins", released in 1991.
In 1996, Berry founded Beat Factory Music Inc., a record label division of Beat Factory, distributed by EMI Music Canada and BMG Music Canada. The label released a series of compilation albums, known as "RapEssentials" and "GroovEssentials". These albums included the first singles by Kardinal Offishall and Glenn Lewis, both of whom became prominent artists in the 2000s.

</doc>
<doc id="20923192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923192" title="Vyasanagar College">
Vyasanagar College

Vyasanagar College, Jajpur Road, Jajpur, Odisha is the 28th Autonomous college of Odisha. The autonomous status was granted in February 2009 by University grants Commission (UGC) of India.
College History.
Vyasanagar College, Jajpur Road, Odisha was started in 1966 by the collective efforts of the people of the locality and the main building of the college was constructed with the contribution from the local people. The college is more popular in the name of V.N. College. 
The college started with Arts subjects at the Intermediate level. However, in 1966 the college got affiliated to Utkal University, Bhubaneshwar and after that higher classes were added. The college got 2f and 12B status from the U.G.C. in 1969. I.Com and I.Sc classes stated in 1975 and 1978 respectively whereas the B.Com and B.Sc classes started in 1977 and 1981. Later various subject combinations and Honours courses were added.
Courses Offered.
The college offers undergraduate programs in Botany, Chemistry, Mathematics, Physics and Zoology for B.Sc., in English, Education, Economics, History, Oriya, Philosophy, Political Science, Psychology and Sanskrit for B.A. and in Accountancy and Management for B.Com totaling 17 options in undergraduate programs.
From 2004, the college also offers self-financing programs at Certificate/ Diploma level in Computer Science, Refrigeration and Hospital Waste Management.
Faculties and Staff.
The teaching staff includes permanent faculties, 74 in numbers (17 Ph.D. and 28 have M.Phil), 8 part-time teachers, and 34 non-teaching and 31 technical staff. The student teacher ratio is 29:1.
Facilities.
The college spreads across almost 26 acres and has the student strength of the college is more than 2700. The College has its own Library with study Centre, Computer Point, and Sports facilities, Shooting Range in addition to a Grievance redressal Cell, a Parking shed and a Common Room. The total built up area is about 106175 sq ft. with a sports ground of about 8 acres. The college has adequate number of classrooms, lecture halls and laboratories. The college library holds about 46000 volumes, 26 journals/ periodicals/ magazines.
Magazines.
Annual college magazine, “Vyasashree” and a Wall Magazine, 'Vyasaprava' are published to inculcate creativity among students. Even in the Women's Hostel, another wall magazine is placed periodically.
Hostels and Canteens.
The college has hostels for Men (1 hostel) and Women (2 hostels), Housing for faculty and Guest House. The college also houses a small canteen at the back side.
Admissions.
Admissions of students to the various courses of study are made on the basis of their academic records. As per the policy of the State Government, SC and ST students, students from other weaker sections, holders of merit certificates of NCC, NSS and sports are given preference in admission.
Examinations.
The college has an annual system of examination. The test, mid-term and terminal examinations are conducted to check the progress of the students. This helps in mid-term course correction.

</doc>
<doc id="20923205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923205" title="Kim Jae-Sung">
Kim Jae-Sung

Kim Jae-Sung (, born 3 October 1983) is a South Korean footballer who plays for Pohang Steelers in the K League Classic.
Kim previously played for Bucheon SK and Jeju United.
Kim graduated from the same Football Academy College as Park Ji-Sung. He has said that he used to train with Ji Sung Park as a teenager at the college.
He has also had recent international duty call backs and was influential in the 3–1 victory over Japan in the 2010 East Asian Football Championship.
On 9 January 2010, Kim made his first international cap for South Korea at the friendly match against Zambia.

</doc>
<doc id="20923217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923217" title="Yevgeny Kychanov">
Yevgeny Kychanov

Evgenij Ivanovich Kychanov (; also transcribed as "Yevgeny Ivanovich Kychanov", 22 June 1932 – 24 May 2013) was a Soviet and Russian orientalist, an expert on the Tangut people and their mediaeval Xi Xia Empire. From 1997 to 2003 he served as the director of the Saint Petersburg Branch of the Institute of Oriental Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences (now the Institute of Oriental Manuscripts of the Russian Academy of Sciences).
Biography.
Evgenij Kychanov was born 22 June 1932 in Sarapul, Udmurtia.
Evgenij Kychanov graduated from the Oriental Department of Saint Petersburg University (known at the time as Leningrad University) in 1955, majoring in the history of China. He did his graduate work at the Leningrad Branch of the Institute of Oriental Studies, and in 1960 he defended his PhD thesis on the Xi Xia State. He has been working at that institute ever since, spending many years as the head of the Tangut research group, and, later, as the head of larger units. From 1997 to 2003 he was director of the St Petersburg Branch (now the Institute of Oriental Manuscripts).
Kychanov is the author of around 300 articles and books on the history and culture of peoples of China and Inner Asia, including a number of pioneering research papers on the Xi Xia state and translations from the Tangut language, summarizing works on the history of Tibet and nomadic civilizations of Inner Asia, as well as popular books about Tibet, Genghis Khan and other steppe leaders.
In May 2011 Kychanov was awarded the S. F. Oldenburg Award in recognition of his achievements in the field of Central Asian studies, in particular his role in the decipherment of the Tangut script.
In June 2012 a conference in his honour, entitled "The Tanguts in Central Asia", was held at the Institute of Oriental Manuscripts to mark Kychanov's 80th birthday. A collection of 34 papers written by scholars from Russia, China, Japan and other countries was published as a Festschrift with the same title.
He died in St Petersburg in May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20923221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923221" title="Mekong Auto">
Mekong Auto

Mekong Auto Corporation headquartered in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, is a car manufacturer and assembler founded in 1991. The first car was built at the Delta Auto Plant on May 20, 1992. Japanese Saeilo Machinery Japan Inc. is the major shareholder of the company, owning 51%. The company opened Co Loa Auto Plant in Ha Noi City in 1993. The company works with Fiat S.p.A. (Fiat cars and Iveco trucks), Pyeonghwa Motors and SsangYong.

</doc>
<doc id="20923224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923224" title="27th parallel south">
27th parallel south

The 27th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 27 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 27° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20923226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923226" title="Hwang Jin-Sung">
Hwang Jin-Sung

Hwang Jin-Sung(born May 5, 1984) is a South Korea footballer. Since 2003, he has played for Pohang Steelers.

</doc>
<doc id="20923240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923240" title="One Word from You">
One Word from You

Una palabra tuya () is a Spanish 2008 movie based on the novel of the same name by Elvira Lindo.
Plot.
Two old classmates, Rosario (Malena Alterio) and Milagros (Esperanza Pedreño), who meet again after many years of not seeing each other since high school. After several failures with their own jobs, they end up working together as trash handlers, sweeping the streets of Madrid. The story begins when they have to travel to Milagros' village to bury her dead cat. The film was shot in Madrid and Huertapelayo (Zaorejas).
After many years without seeing each other, Rosario meets Milagros, her friend from childhood who works as a taxi driver using a car from her uncle's taxi company. Milagros starts driving her to the bank each morning where she works as a cleaner. Together, they spend lots of time going to restaurants and pubs, but Rosario gets worried about missing so much work and one day she is fired. Milagros admits later that she never had a driving licence, which, combined with her excessive kindness to Rosario, leads her to also be fired. After that, the two women find jobs as street cleaners. In that job, Rosario meets Morsa (Antonio de la Torre), with whom she starts a carnal relationship.
Meanwhile, Rosario lives with her mother whose physical and mental health are quickly deteriorating. One day, when Rosario arrives home from work, she discovers that her mother was going to have dinner in the bathroom. After that, Rosario sees more strange behavior from her mother. She begins to forget important things, such as that her other daughter is married. This fact confirms for Rosario that her mother suffers from Alzheimer's disease. Rosario feels very worried and alone. She keeps finding her mother hiding in Rosario's wardrobe; on the first day that Rosario brings Morsa home from work to have sex, she watches her mother walk out of her closet, horrified. As her mother's condition worsens, Rosario calls both her sister and Milagros over to the house.
After burying Milagros's cat, Morsa, Rosario and Milagros return to Madrid to keep working. Rosario's mother is dying and her siter comes from Barcelona to stay some days with her. Rosario's sister never took any responsibility for their mother, which is motive for tension between the sisters. Rosario reproaches her sister for always being distant towards her and her mother, while her sister gets angry with Rosario for letting Milagros stay at her home. Both women remember their childhood together, talking about the funny moments and the painful ones. Soon after, their mother stops breathing.
After her mother's death, Rosario sees the image of her mother everywhere, to a point that it scares her and doesn't let her sleep. She visits the priest of the church where her mother used to go. There, she tells him her problem and he concludes that perhaps she sees the image of her mother everywhere because she didn't want her daughter to be alone.
One night whilst sweeping and washing a plaza, Milagros and Rosario are bickering over whether or not Milagros should keep some of the trash she finds when Milagros hears a baby's cry inside of a dumpster. She reaches in and discovers a baby inside a box. Rosario insists on taking the baby to a hospital emergency room, but Milagros wants to keep him at her home. They have a heated discussion where Rosario says Milagros would not be a good mother and Milagros confesses that she is sterile. Milagros says that she loved Rosario to a point that she felt jealous because she had her own life with Morsa, and that Rosario was cold and lonely and bitter, destined to be alone. Rosario finally realizes her terrible problem of loneliness and lack of confidence with other people, though she could not admit it. Days after this incident, Rosario's boss realises that Milagros had been out for a lot of time. Rosario decides to visit her, taking some flowers and chocolates. In Milagros' home, Rosario is horrified to discover that the baby Milagros took in is already dead, in an advanced state of decomposition.
Completely devastated and depressed, both women and Morsa return to the village to bury the baby in the cemetery, and Rosario recites the 51st Psalm. Rosario and Morsa returned to Madrid, but Milagros wants to stay, something her two friends cannot understand. Worried, Rosario says that she would be all alone with nobody beside her, but Milagros insists and decides to stay in that village for good. Some days later, Milagros is telephoned by her uncle Cosmé. He informs her that his niece has been found dead in the house of the village. This fact further devastates Rosario, who goes with Milagros's uncle to assist in the burial. During the trip to the village, Cosmé tells Rosario that his niece's mother died because of overdose when she was a little child. There, Rosario sees how her friend is buried in the cemetery, in a funeral where all the village people attended.
After the hard journey to the village, Rosario admits that she must not be alone anymore, so she decided to go to Fuenlabrada, where her friend Morsa, lives. Rosario makes her way to the playground, and sees all the mothers with their children. Morsa's van stops nearby, and after a short chat, the film ends with a kiss between Morsa and Rosario.

</doc>
<doc id="20923244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923244" title="Notoxus">
Notoxus

Notoxus is a genus of beetles that resemble ants.

</doc>
<doc id="20923250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923250" title="31st parallel south">
31st parallel south

The 31st parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 31 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 31° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20923253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923253" title="Pseudoxytenanthera">
Pseudoxytenanthera

Pseudoxytenanthera is a genus of bamboo.

</doc>
<doc id="20923262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923262" title="32nd parallel south">
32nd parallel south

The 32nd parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 32 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 32° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20923264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923264" title="Live (Reverend EP)">
Live (Reverend EP)

Live is the 1992 EP by heavy metal band Reverend. This is Reverend's only live offering to date. It is also the last release before the band temporarily broke up, although they reformed in 2000. Most of the songs on this EP come from Reverend's full-length releases, with one ("The Power of Persuasion") coming from Reverend's EP debut.

</doc>
<doc id="20923265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923265" title="Bahadur Khan Gilani">
Bahadur Khan Gilani

Bahadur Khan Gilani was an officer of the Gujarat Sultanate. During 1491–1494, the islands of Bombay were wrested from Gilani's control by the Bahamani general Mahmud Gavan.
During the greater portion of the 15th century, from the reign of Ahmad Shah I (1411-41) to that of Bahadur Shah (1527-36) Bombay remained in the hands of the Gujarat monarchy. Gilani extended his depredations on the western coast of India further to the north so that ships from the port-towns of Gujarat were at his mercy and some of the Sultan's own vessels were captured. One of Bahadur's officers, an Abyssinian named Yaqut, is said by Firishta to have attacked Mahim, near Bombay, with a fleet of twelve ships, and to have sacked and burnt the place.

</doc>
<doc id="20923302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923302" title="33rd parallel south">
33rd parallel south

The 33rd parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 33 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 33° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20923308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923308" title="Companies Act 1862">
Companies Act 1862

The Companies Act 1862 (25 & 26 Vict. c.89) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom regulating UK company law, whose descendant is the Companies Act 2006.
Provisions.
Under section 167 of the Companies Act 1862 (25 & 26 Vict c 89) one of the functions of a liquidator was to bring criminal proceedings against directors and others who were alleged to have committed offences in relation to the company.
References.
Micklethwait, John, and Adrian Wooldridge. 2003. The company: A short history of a revolutionary idea. New York: Modern Library.

</doc>
<doc id="20923311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923311" title="Paul Senghas">
Paul Senghas

Paul Senghas was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Paul Senghas was born on the 31 January 1916, in Böttingen.
In July 1935 he volunteered to join the SS-VT in Arolsen and was present during the Anschluss of Austria, the occupation of the Sudetenland and the annexation of Bohemia and Moravia.
World War II.
Senghas participated in the Polish Campaign and the Battle of France and was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class, in June 1940.
When the new SS Division "Wiking" was formed he was posted in as a Scharführer (Staff Sergeant) and took part in Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union and was awarded the Iron Cross 1st class in December 1941.
He was awarded the German Cross in Gold in June 1943 after destroying more than 30 tanks, he was also selected to become an officer and promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) in July 1943.
He was awarded the Knight's Cross in December 1944 for his outstanding personal bravery in December 1944 while in command of the 1st Company, 5th SS Panzer Regiment, (5th SS Panzer Division Wiking). Finally he destroyed 49 tanks.
Senghas was severely wounded in April 1945 and evacuated to hospital at Warendorf where he was captured by the advancing American forces. He remained in captivity until June 1946 when he was released.
Post war.
Paul Senghas died on 6 November 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20923327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923327" title="Companies Act 1948">
Companies Act 1948

The Companies Act 1948 (11 & 12 Geo.6 c.38) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, which regulated UK company law. Its descendent is the Companies Act 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20923332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923332" title="Mahmud Gavan">
Mahmud Gavan

Mahmud Gavan was an officer of the Bahamani Sultanate of Deccan. The greatness of this monarchy came to an end with the unjust and cruel murder of the celebrated minister Mahmud Gavan who had been a protégé of that minister, broke out in rebellion at the port of Dabhol and soon became master of the whole of the Konkan.

</doc>
<doc id="20923337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923337" title="Kleines Wiesental">
Kleines Wiesental

Kleines Wiesental is a municipality in the district of Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, southwestern Germany. It was formed on 1 January 2009 by the merger of the former municipalities Bürchau, Elbenschwand, Neuenweg, Raich, Sallneck, Tegernau, Wies and Wieslet.

</doc>
<doc id="20923343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923343" title="Companies Act 1907">
Companies Act 1907

The Companies Act 1907 (7 Edw.7 c.50) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom regulating UK company law, whose descendent is the Companies Act 2006.
Reforms.
One reform made by the 1907 Act was to introduce explicitly a separate set of provisions for "private companies", which stood in opposition to "public companies".

</doc>
<doc id="20923344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923344" title="Curtis G. Culin">
Curtis G. Culin

Sgt Curtis Grubb Culin III (February 15, 1915 - November 20, 1963) was a World War II soldier credited with the invention of a hedge-breaching device fitted to Allied armored vehicles during the Battle of Normandy. As they moved inland after the D-Day landings, the Allies found their tanks were unable to operate easily or safely in the Normandy bocage countryside. Instead of breaking through the thick, high hedges the tanks rode over them, which exposed their thinly armored undersides to attack while their own guns could not be brought to bear.
A native of Cranford, New Jersey, Culin was serving as a tanker with the 102nd Cavalry Reconnaissance Squadron (New Jersey National Guard, the "Essex Troop," 2nd Armored Division) when he came up with the four-pronged plow device created from scrap steel from a German roadblock. When attached to the front of his tank it was successful in rapidly plowing gaps in the hedgerows. Military historian Max Hastings notes that Culin was inspired by "a Tennessee hillbilly named Roberts", who during a discussion about how the bocage could be overcome said "Why don't we get some saw teeth and put them on the front of the tank and cut through these hedges?" Rather than joining in the laughter that greeted this remark, Culin realised the idea's potential and put together a prototype tusk-like assembly welded to the front of a tank. In due course this was demonstrated to General Bradley, who "watched in awe as a hedgerow exploded ... to make way for the Sherman bursting through". According to Hastings, Culin, "an honest man", attempted to give credit to Roberts but this was forgotten in the publicity surrounding the invention. Hastings concludes: " became a very American kind of national hero".
Bradley ordered that as many Sherman tanks as possible be fitted with the device. By the launch of Operation Cobra, some 60 percent of First Army tanks were so equipped.
Culin received the Legion of Merit.
Four months after his invention, he lost a leg to a land mine in the Huertgen Forest. When he returned to the United States, he became a salesman.
Eisenhower speech.
Culin was mentioned in one of the last addresses by Dwight D. Eisenhower as President of the United States, in a January 10, 1961, speech to the American Society of Mechanical Engineers: 
References.
Noteworthy NCOs, NCOhistory.com Includes a photograph of Sgt. Cullen in his entry.
'"Citizen and Chronicle, Garwood, Cranford, Kenilworth", 7 Sep 1944, 'Cited for Invention".

</doc>
<doc id="20923354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923354" title="Manuela Mölgg">
Manuela Mölgg

Manuela Mölgg (born August 28, 1983 in Bruneck) is World Cup alpine ski racer from northern Italy, a specialist in the technical events of slalom and giant slalom. Mölgg has ten World Cup podium finishes and appeared in two Olympics and four World Championships.
She is the younger sister of Manfred Mölgg, a racer on the Italian men's team.
Olympic Games.
Mölgg's has made two Olympic teams and her best finish is eleventh place, in the slalom in 2010.
World Championships.
She has competed in five World Championships and her best finish is sixth place, in the slalom and giant slalom in 2011.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20923356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923356" title="34th parallel south">
34th parallel south

The 34th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 34 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 34° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20923368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923368" title="Park Yun-Hwa">
Park Yun-Hwa

Park Yun-Hwa (; born 13 June 1978) is a South Korean football midfielder.
His previous club is FC Seoul, Gwangju Sangmu (military service), Daegu FC and Gyeongnam FC.

</doc>
<doc id="20923376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923376" title="Park Hee-Chul">
Park Hee-Chul

Park Hee-Chul (born January 7, 1986) is a South Korea football player who since 2006 has played for Pohang Steelers. From January 2008 to June 2008, he was loaned to Gyeongnam FC.

</doc>
<doc id="20923398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923398" title="Choi Jong-Bum">
Choi Jong-Bum

Choi Jong-Bum (; born 27 March 1978) is a former South Korea football midfielder.
Choi made his South Korea national football team debut on 29 February 2003 in a match against Nepal at Asian Cup qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="20923407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923407" title="37th parallel south">
37th parallel south

The 37th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 37 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
An exploration of the 37th parallel is the theme of Jules Verne's novel "In Search of the Castaways". The phantom reef of Maria Theresa Reef is supposed to lie on the parallel in the Pacific Ocean.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 37° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20923432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923432" title="Kim Hyung-Il">
Kim Hyung-Il

Kim Hyung-Il (; born 27 April 1984) is a South Korean footballer who currently plays as defender for Sangju Sangmu Phoenix in the K-League. His previous club is Daejeon Citizen and Pohang Steelers.
In March 2009, he was selected for the South Korea national football team. On 3 June 2009, He played at first senior level game against Oman national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20923438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923438" title="Courtney Jolly">
Courtney Jolly

Courtney Jolly (born September 18, 1986 in Naples, Florida) is a former professional monster truck driver who drove Pastrana 199 on the USHRA Monster Jam circuit.
Career.
Courtney Jolly, a former beauty queen, comes from a family which is heavily involved in racing and motor sports. "I've been at the track since I was in diapers", she has been quoted as saying. She previously raced swamp buggies, and finished second in the Immokalee Raceway points series in the IHRA Drag Racing Combo class, two places ahead of her father. Both of her parents are racers, and her sister Candice Jolly is also a professional monster truck driver. One sister is a former national go-kart racing champion. Two other sisters are horse barrel racers.
Her introduction to the world of monster trucks came when she sang the National Anthem at a Monster Jam event at Florida Sports Park in her hometown of Naples. She was given a pit pass and subsequently met driver Alex Blackwell, who let her sit in his truck. She immediately decided that she wanted to drive a monster truck, and returned the next day hoping to drive a truck into the venue before singing the anthem. Monster Jam Senior Director of Operations Mike Wales later arranged for her to test drive a monster truck in North Carolina and he decided that she had what it took to drive competitively. Wales has referred to Jolly as the Danica Patrick of the monster truck circuit.
She began driving professionally in the Monster Jam circuit while still attending college at Florida Gulf Coast University.
Jolly lost most of the function in her right hand in a go-kart crash at age twelve. The accident broke her right arm above the elbow, requiring eight inches of steel and eight screws to repair it, and severing a few nerves. The handicap forced her to switch from doing everything right-handed to left-handed, including racing. Pastrana 199 was one of two trucks on the Monster Jam tour with controls built for lefties..

</doc>
<doc id="20923445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923445" title="38th parallel south">
38th parallel south

The 38th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 38 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, the Indian Ocean, Australia, New Zealand, the Pacific Ocean, and the southern end of South America, including the Andes Mountains and Patagonia.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 14 hours, 48 minutes during the December solstice and 9 hours, 32 minutes during the June solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 38° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20923449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923449" title="Jan Latham Koenig">
Jan Latham Koenig

Jan Latham-Koenig (born in 1953) is a conductor. He was born in England, with Mauritian roots on his father's side, and educated at the Royal College of Music in London. He attended Highgate School from 1966 before he founded the Koenig Ensemble in 1976 and began his career as a concert conductor with the BBC, in 1981. He later conducted the Royal Philharmonic, the London Philharmonic, the Vienna State Opera, La Fenice (Venice), the Royal Danish Theatre, the Rome Opera, as well as serving as the Music Director of both the Orchestre philharmonique de Strasbourg and Opéra National du Rhin, from 1997 to 2002.
Since December, 2011, is the artistic director of the OFUNAM, the orchestra of the University of Mexico. He was the Music Director of the Municipal Theater of Santiago, Chile, and Principal Conductor of the Philharmonic Orchestra of the Teatro Regio in Turin, Italy. He is also working extensively in Moscow, with the municipally-owned Novaya (New) Opera, whose principal conductor he has been since April 2011 (source Novaya Opera documents, including Programme for their annual Epiphany Festival (January 2012), and he is also working at the Royal Opera House, conducting La Traviata. Most recently, he has been conducting Verdi's "Othello" in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="20923452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923452" title="Government scientist">
Government scientist

A government scientist is a scientist employed by a country's government, either in a research-driven job (for example J. Robert Oppenheimer on the Manhattan Project), or for another role that requires scientific training and methods.
Australia.
In Australia, most government scientists are employed by the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation. A Chief Scientist is appointed to advise the government through the Office of the Chief Scientist.
Singapore.
In Singapore, government scientists are classified according to the Departmental Titles (Alteration) (Amendment) Act 1996, which amended the Departmental Titles (Alteration) Ordinance of 1950.
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom, government scientists are part of the Scientific Civil Service. However, that was not always the case. Before the Second World War, government scientists were recruited and employed by the Civil Service on an ad hoc basis, with grades, job titles, and organizations that varied between departments. In 1930, the Carpenter Committee was appointed to investigate the organization of civil service scientific and technical staff, and its report proposed a reorganization that covered the entire Service. This report was endorsed by the Tomlin Commission, however it was impossible to reach agreement with the relevant staff associations, who wanted other professional groups within the civil service to be similarly reorganized, and nothing ended up happening.
World War Two changed this by causing a far greater number of scientific and technical staff to be employed by the government. The Barlow Committee on Scientific Staff in Government Departments reviewed the positions of government scientists during wartime, issuing a report on 1943-04-23. This report spurred the creation of a government white paper, entitled "The Scientific Civil Service", which resulted in a reorganization of government scientisgts across the entire Service. This reorganization classified governmenvnt scientists across the entire Service into three major classes similar to those civil servants for the Treasury had already been classified in:
United States.
In the United States, the employment of scientists by state and federal governments was, like in the U.K., affected by the Second World War. President Roosevelt first created the National Defense Research Committee under Vannevar Bush. This was then expanded to the Office of Scientific Research and Development, also led by Bush. The OSRD employed scientists on a contract basis, with the OSRD as client and individual scientists as contractors. Scientists were contracted to research (through study and experiement) a specified subject, without constraints as to method, and to issue reports to the OSRD.
After the war, scientific research was continued by agencies such as the Office of Naval Research established in 1947, which again employed scientists as contractors. Scientific research was published in the normal way. The Atomic Energy Commission, established in 1946, and the National Institutes of Health, established in 1930, also paid scientists for scientific research, and were major sources of government research funding.
The National Science Foundation was eventually established in 1950. Defence research was explicitly excluded from its charter, even though Dr Bush had originally envisioned the NSF as including that as well. The armed forces established their own research departments, such as the Office of Ordnance Research for the Department of the Army, established on the campus of Duke University in June 1951.
U.S. local, state, and federal governments also employ scientists directly. The federal government employs them in departments such as the Department of Agriculture, Department of the Interior, and the Public Health Service. States and cities employ scientists in similar roles, including at fish and game commissions, parks, aquariums, arboretums, and museums; and at agencies such as environmental inspection agencies, crime laboratories, and public health monitoring agencies.

</doc>
<doc id="20923465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923465" title="Spartans RUFC">
Spartans RUFC

The Spartans Rugby Union Football Club was founded in 1960. 
Notable achievements.
The Club has a policy of encouraging young players to join their junior section and develop future playing strength. In the 2008–2009 there are four adult teams with a game for all sides the vast majority of weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20923467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923467" title="Robert Skinner">
Robert Skinner

Robert Skinner (1591–1670) was an English bishop.
Life.
He was a Fellow of Trinity College, Oxford in 1613, and graduated M.A. in 1614.
His father Edmund Skinner was rector of Pitsford, and Robert succeeded him in 1628. He was vicar of Launton from 1632.
In 1634, Oxford University granted him a D.D. at the request of William Laud, without the formalities, a move criticized by John Prideaux. In the 1630s Skinner was known for his sermons before Charles I asserting Arminian doctrines. He became bishop of Bristol in 1636. There he was active in preaching against Calvinism.
In 1641, he was translated to become Bishop of Oxford, but was imprisoned shortly afterwards with the fall of Archbishop Laud, in the round-up of Laudian bishops who were taken to the Tower of London. Released on bail he resided at Launton, and under the Commonwealth he continued to ordain priests there, using Ralph Bathurst as a deputy.
In 1663 he was made bishop of Worcester.

</doc>
<doc id="20923469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923469" title="Kim Yoon-Sik">
Kim Yoon-Sik

Kim Yoon-Sik (born 29 January 1984) is a South Korea footballer. 
Kim previously played for Pohang Steelers in the K-League, S-League side Super Reds FC and Daejeon KHNP in the Korea National League.

</doc>
<doc id="20923473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923473" title="43rd parallel south">
43rd parallel south

The 43rd parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 43 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
On December 21 the sun is at 70.83 degrees in the sky.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 15 hours, 22 minutes during the December solstice and 9 hours, 0 minutes during the June solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 43° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20923474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923474" title="Ramakrishna Sarada Math">
Ramakrishna Sarada Math

Ramakrishna Sarada Math is a religious monastic order, considered part of the Hindu reform movements. It was established in the year 1929 at Bagbazar, Kolkata 
History.
In 1929, an internal dispute arose within the ranks of Ramakrishna Math and Ramakrishna Mission. The then manager of the Udbodhan Office, Bramhachari Ganendranath, had been accused of financial irregularities by the Mission authorities. Those charges were never established.
Ganendranath was an ardent 'sevak' of the Holy Mother Sri Sarada Devi. It can be seen in the biographies of the Holy Mother how deeply the Mother loved Ganendranath. Most of the photographs of the Mother were taken by him. Ganendranath was also an associate of Sister Nivedita.
Kiran Chandra Dutt was one of the leading figures in Calcutta at that time. He belonged to the famous 'Dutt' family of Baghbazar. His family along with the family of Balaram Bose, a house holder disciple of Sri Ramakrishna, contributed much in the initial days of the Ramakrishna Order.
Kiran Chandra and other lay devotees of the Math and Mission including Shyamadas Bachaspati, an ayurvedic practitioner who treated the Holy Mother and Bhutnath Mukherjee, a renowned chartered accountant, were opposed by the Belur Math administration during a general assembly session of the Mission in March, 1929.
Owing to difference of opinion with the then Belur Math authorities, 22 monks and 107 house holder devotees of the order decided to form a new Math at a meeting at the legendary house of Pasupatinath Bose at Baghbazar to carry on the works on their own, based on the ideals of Sri Ramakrishna, the Holy Mother and Swamiji. The Math was named as Sri Ramakrishna Sarada Math and the philanthropic Mission was named 'Vivekananda Mission'. The Math and Mission were registered according to government regulations on 13 December 1929.
By 1931 the Math and Mission had moved to its own house at 10, Ramakrishna Lane, Baghbazar.
Presidents.
The first president of the Math was Swami Nirmalananda (Tulsi Maharaj), one among the direct disciples of Ramakrishna and who devoted his life spreading the message of his Master in South India especially Kerala. He was also instrumental in developig the Bangalore centre and establishig 18 Ashramas across Kerala mostly, two in present day Tamil Nadu and one in Karnataka.But he held the post in a nominal way, while continuing to function as a representative of Ramakrishna Mission, founding new centres and developing the existing centres. The first secretary of the Math was Kiran Chandra Dutt. The Vivekananda Mission did splendid relief work in the 1934 Bihar earthquake.
After the demise of Tulsi Maharaj in 1938, Swami Amritananda, a disciple of the Holy Mother became its president till his death in 1941. Then Swami Chandreswarananda, a disciple of the Holy Mother and a brilliant orator became the president till he died in 1946. Swami Asitananda, a disciple of the Holy Mother, was the next president and he led the organisation till 1951.
Swami Tripurananda, a disciple of Swami Bramhananda, became the fifth president. He died in 1978. His disciple, Swami Vishnudevananda is the current president.
This Math used to publish a weekly magazine, 'Bharat'. Saralabala Sarkar, a leading Bengali writer, was associated with it and 'Sanjeevani' was the monthly organ. The first editor of 'Bharat' was Swami Chandreswarananda and the first editor of 'Sanjeevani' was Bramhachari Ganendranath. Swami Bhumananda published his famous biography of the Mother in the pages of 'Sanjeevani'.

</doc>
<doc id="20923502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923502" title="Fritz Brun">
Fritz Brun

Fritz Brun (18 August 1878 – 29 November 1959) was a Swiss conductor and composer of classical music.
Brun was born in Lucerne. He was a student of Franz Wüllner at the conservatory at Cologne, and studied piano and theory there until 1902. The following year he became a piano teacher at the music school in Bern. From 1909 until 1943, he led the symphony concerts of the "Bernischen Musikgesellschaft", and was conductor of the choral society and lieder group there. From 1926 to 1940, additionally, he was the vice-president of the Swiss music society "Tonkünstlerverein". In June 1941 Brun retired, except for occasional returns to conducting.
In 1912 Brun married Hanna Rosenmund, and three children were born to their marriage. He died in Grosshöchstetten.
His compositions include ten symphonies, of which a complete series is in progress (as of 2012) on the Guild Music CD label, others on LP and elsewhere:
Also there is a piano concerto in A (1946), a cello concerto in D minor (1947), a Symphonic Prolog for Orchestra (1942), four string quartets (E major, 1898; G major, 1921; F major, 1943; D major, 1949), a piano quintet (1902), and three piano and string sonatas - two for piano with violin (D minor, 1906 and D major, 1951), one with cello (1920, 1951, 1952), and other works for various ensembles.

</doc>
<doc id="20923516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923516" title="44th parallel south">
44th parallel south

The 44th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 44 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 15 hours, 29 minutes during the December solstice and 8 hours, 53 minutes during the June solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 44° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20923520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923520" title="Park Won-Jae">
Park Won-Jae

Park Won-Jae (Hangul: 박원재, Hanja: 朴原載, born 28 May 1984, Pohang) is a South Korea footballer, who currently plays as Full back for K-League side Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors.
Career.
After graduating from "Pohang Jecheol Technical High School", he joined Pohang Steelers in 2003. He made 126 appearances and scored 10 goals for K-League 2003-2008 season in Pohang Steelers. He was moved to J. League Division 1 side Omiya Ardija in 2009. Park scored his first J. League goal against Urawa Reds in May 2009. Park had appearances in 21 league games. 
17 January 2010, He moved to K-League side Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors. 27 March 2013, He assisted the opening goal at 2014 FIFA World Cup Qualification, South Korea against Qatar

</doc>
<doc id="20923521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923521" title="A357">
A357

A357 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20923540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923540" title="Holmegaard Glass Factory">
Holmegaard Glass Factory

Holmegaard Glass Factory () is a glass company located in the former municipality of Holmegaard just outside of Næstved.
History.
The home of Holmegaard Glassworks is located in the town of Fensmark, Holmegaard. The company was founded in 1823 after Count Christian Danneskjold-Samsøe petitioned the Danish king for permission to build a glassworks at Holmegaard Mose ("Holmegaard Bog"). He died before permission was granted. But after his death when permission was finally received his widow, Countess Henriette Danneskjold-Samsøe pursued the project and began production in 1825 of green bottles, moving on to table-glass within its first decade.
Much of its early work was derivative and inconsequential, but between the 1930s and 1980s its fortunes were transformed by the designs of Jacob E. Bang (1899-1965), Per Lütken (1916-98), and Bang's son, Michael (1944-2002).
Today the company is known for its high-quality products of Danish design.
The Lütken Era.
Danish glassmaker Per Lütken worked at Holmegaard from 1942 until his death in 1998, creating some of the factory's finest pieces and all-time classics, such as the "Idelle" series, the "Ships glasses" and the "Provence" bowls.
The work of Per Lütken is still highly rated, especially throughout Scandinavia, and in Denmark and Sweden in particular.
The arrival of Lütken at Holmegaard marked a new beginning in the history of the factory, which once again bloomed after several years of suffering. His aesthetic creations, in timeless designs, appealed to the fashion of the 1960s Denmark, and his creations became a great success throughout the decade and the 1970s.
On September 9, 2008, Holmegaard Glass Factory announced that unless a buyer was found within three months it would be closed due to bankruptcy. This threatened to bring an end to 183 years of glassmaking tradition, widely renowned in Denmark and abroad. The crisis was initially handled in a way that saw the exhibition centre close, while the glass production remained. In 2009, however, all production ceased.
Famous glassmakers at Holmegaard.
- Jacob E. Bang<br>
- Per Lütken

</doc>
<doc id="20923541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923541" title="Song Chang-Ho">
Song Chang-Ho

Song Chang-Ho (; born 20 February 1986) is a South Korea football player who currently plays for Chunnam Dragons as a midfielder.
Club career.
Song started his professional career with the Pohang Steelers, as a draft player from Dong-A University. A regular squad member, he made most of his appearances for the club from the bench as a substitute. As well as intermittent appearances in the Korean domestic competitions, Song has also played in both the 2009 and 2010 editions of the FIFA Club Championship as well as the Asian Champions League.
On 29 November 2010, Song transferred to Daegu FC in a swap deal, with Lee Seul-Ki moving to Pohang.

</doc>
<doc id="20923548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923548" title="Tye River">
Tye River

The Tye River is a tributary of the James River in central Virginia in the United States. Originating on the eastern slope of the Blue Ridge Mountains in Nelson County, and fed by the Piney and Buffalo rivers, by way of the James River it is part of the watershed of the Chesapeake Bay.
Although normally it is one of the more minor tributaries of the James River, in August 1969, the Tye River was at the center of one of Virginia's worst natural disasters. In the aftermath of Hurricane Camille, which had devastated the Gulf Coast of Mississippi a few days earlier, the remnants of the Category 5 hurricane stalled over mostly rural Nelson County, causing an unprecedented deluge of rain, mostly within a 3-hour period as people slept unaware of the threat. In the flash flooding and mudslides, entire communities were virtually wiped out, killing hundreds of Virginians, some of whose bodies were never found. Bridges, roads, railroads, and communications were severed for days, resulting in an estimated $140 million in property damages.
In Massies Mill, one of the hardest hit communities in the Camille disaster, the Sierra Club erected a memorial in a small park which is dedicated to those who lost their lives and families in 1969. In modern times, the Tye River has become one of the more scenic and popular recreational waterways in Virginia.
Course.
The Tye River rises at the confluence of the North and South forks of the river(), at the village of Nash in northern Nelson County, Virginia, on the eastern slope of the Blue Ridge Mountains. The North Fork rises near the Blue Ridge Parkway () at Tye River Gap and flows east, then southeast, to its confluence with the South Fork. The South Fork also rises along the Blue Ridge Parkway (), southwest of the village of Montebello, and flows east to the North Fork at Nash.
From Nash, the Tye River proper flows generally southeastward through central Nelson County. The Piney River is a tributary of the Tye. Each forms a portion of Nelson's western border with Amherst County. The Tye River enters the James River from the northwest near Norwood, adjacent to James River State Park in Buckingham County.
Towns and communities along the Tye River include Tyro, Massies Mill, Roseland and Tye River, all in Nelson County.
History.
Much of the upper course of the Tye River was bordered by the Virginia Blue Ridge Railway, a short line railroad built in 1915. Originally, the area was heavily forested with chestnut trees, which were harvested for lumber transported by the railroad. However, these were largely decimated by chestnut blight in the 1920s. Later, the railroad was used to transport several types of minerals mined nearby in small quantities, but that activity ended by 1970. Passenger train service had ended in 1939, although State Route 56 was built nearby. In the 1980s, the tracks were abandoned.
On the night of August 20, 1969, the headwaters of the Tye River were near ground zero during one of the worst natural disasters in Virginia history. A few days earlier, Hurricane Camille had come ashore on the Gulf Coast near the mouth of the Mississippi River as a Category 5 storm, one of only three to strike the US mainland during the 20th century. The hurricane flattened nearly everything along the coast of Mississippi, and caused additional flooding and deaths inland. The storm had lost strength as it crossed hundreds of miles of land, and was downgraded by the National Weather Service to tropical storm status as it moved northward along the eastern side of the Appalachian Mountains and into Virginia. It still carried incredible amounts of moisture and contained sufficient strength and low pressure to pull in additional moisture.
As the remnants of the hurricane reached the area centered on Nelson County, the storm unexpectedly stalled on the eastern side of the Blue Ridge Mountains. Mostly within only a three-hour period, it dumped a record quantity of of rain. The rainfall was so heavy there were reports of birds drowning in trees and of survivors who had to cup their hands around mouth and nose in order to breathe through such a deluge.
As many people slept unaware, the ensuing flash floods and mudslides killed 153 people, 22 in Massies Mill alone. Across Nelson County, 133 bridges were washed out, while some entire communities were under water. The major flooding that occurred downstream cut off all communications between Richmond and the Shenandoah Valley. Waynesboro on the South River saw of water downtown, and Buena Vista on the Maury River had more than .
Every bridge across the Tye River was severed, including the major highway bridge for U.S. Route 29 at the Amherst County line and the Southern Railway's main line bridge near Norwood. Just below the latter crossing, the waters of the Tye River flowed into the James River. Joined by massive flooding from other tributaries, the James crested in Richmond at at the City Locks, swamping downtown areas and a substantial portion of South Richmond, which had formerly been the separate city of Manchester.
In Nelson County, the bodies of some people were never found; other washed as much as downstream along the creeks and rivers. The entire county was virtually cut off, with many roads and virtually all bridges, telephone and electric service interrupted. Total damage in the state amounted to $140.8 million (1969 USD, $747 million 2005 USD).
Fish species.
The Tye River is home to dozens of species of fish and other aquatic life, including American eels, small and largemouth bass, and native mussels. A dam was removed in 2007 to help facilitate fish migration. According to an official of the Virginia Department of Game and Inland Fisheries, "Removing the dam will increase the passage possibilities, and hopefully the populations of all these species. It will also allow for increased access for anglers, paddlers and boaters."
Recreation.
Fishing and camping are popular activities along the Tye River. Sections of the Tye River are also popular for whitewater boating with canoes and kayaks. The rapids are rated Class I to Class II+. Depending upon water conditions some rapids on the Tye River can approach class III.
Sections of the former Virginia Blue Ridge Railway along the Tye River are now part of the Blue Ridge Railway Trail which was under development in the early 21st century. The trail will eventually connect the James River with the Blue Ridge Parkway and the Appalachian Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="20923549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923549" title="47th parallel south">
47th parallel south

The 47th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 47 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 15 hours, 54 minutes during the December solstice and 8 hours, 31 minutes during the June solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 47° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20923561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923561" title="48th parallel south">
48th parallel south

The 48th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 48 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, the Indian Ocean, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 16 hours, 3 minutes during the December solstice and 8 hours, 22 minutes during the June solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 48° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20923563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923563" title="Lee Sung-Jae (footballer born 1987)">
Lee Sung-Jae (footballer born 1987)

Lee Sung-Jae(born September 16, 1987) is a South Korea football player currently plays for Suwon FC.

</doc>
<doc id="20923569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923569" title="Chūgoku Region Lullaby">
Chūgoku Region Lullaby

Chugoku Region Lullaby ( or "chūgoku chihō no komoriuta") is a traditional folk song in Okayama Prefecture, Chugoku region, Japan, and is a well known Japanese cradle song.
General.
Chugoku Region Lullaby is a traditional folk song in the city of Ibara, Okayama Prefecture, Chugoku region, Japan, and is a well known Japanese cradle song. It is best known by the arrangement by Kosaku Yamada that was made in 1938.
Lyrics.
Japanese.
<poem>
寝た子の　かわいさ
ねんころろ　つらにくさ
きょうは　二十五日さ
ねんころろ　宮詣り
なんと言うて　拝むさ
ねんころろ　まめなように
</poem>
Romanized Japanese.
<poem>
Nenneko shasshari mase,
Neta ko no kawaisa.
Okite naku ko no
Nenkororo, tsura nikusa.
Nenkororon, nenkororon.
Nenneko shasshari mase,
Kyō wa nijūgo-nichi sa.
Asu wa kono ko no,
Nenkororo, Miya-mairi.
Nenkororon, nenkororon.
Miya e maitta toki,
Nan to yūte ogamu sa.
Issho kono ko no, 
Nenkororo, mame na yō ni.
Nenkororon, nenkororon.
</poem>
English translation.
<poem>
Hushabye, sleep!
How cute is the face of the baby fallen asleep,
The baby who is awake and cries,
Hushabye, how hateful his face looks!
Hushabye!
Hushabye, sleep!
Today is the 25th day of his birth.
Tomorrow we will go,
Hushabye, to the shrine,
Hushabye!
Arriving at the shrine,
what will you pray for?
Through his life, may he be,
Hushabye, healthy!
Hushabye!
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="20923573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923573" title="49th parallel south">
49th parallel south

The 49th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 49 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, the Indian Ocean, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 16 hours, 12 minutes during the December solstice and 8 hours, 14 minutes during the June solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 49° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20923578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923578" title="Lee Tae-Young">
Lee Tae-Young

Lee Tae-Young (; born July 1, 1987) is a South Korean footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20923582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923582" title="Kissed Off">
Kissed Off

"Kissed Off" is the 13th episode in the third season, the 54th episode overall, of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which aired on February 5, 2009. The episode was written by David Grubstick and directed by Rose Troche.
Plot.
Betty returns home with her arms full of moving boxes, but slips and falls after coming through the door. She regains her composure and is introduced to Ignacio's nurse, Elena, who is warmly at home with the family. At the same time, Betty and Amanda are looking for a new roommate, but Betty is getting mixed signals about leaving when she and Amanda see Jesse outside his place playing his guitar. After getting together, Betty and Jesse share some wine and have a long conversation that ends in what seems like a serious kiss, only to be interrupted by Jesse's phone which features one of his songs on ringtone. Jesse ignores the call.
Hours later, after being woken up by Halston licking her face, Betty is quizzed by Amanda and later at work by Marc about the hours that lead up to the kiss, which is oddly acted out by Amanda and Marc. They reach the conclusion that Jesse was either serious... or drunk. Later that evening, Betty gets a voicemail and as she walks in, tells Amanda that Jesse has been avoiding her. This has Betty really confused over her decision about whether she should stay in the city or return home to her family. 
The following day, Betty goes to the coffeehouse where Jesse is performing to confront him; Jesse confesses that he felt horrible about avoiding Betty and tries to convince her to go out with him. During their dinner date, Jesse's conversation focused on one thing: himself. As Betty saw the real Jesse and how truly self-absorbed he was, she had second thoughts and told Jesse he was not the one for her. Betty decided to leave her apartment, but not before telling Amanda she found a new roommate for her: Marc! Amanda and Marc are delighted.
Back at the Suarez home, Ignacio's working relationship with Elena seems to be getting off on the wrong foot, as he is upset about how Elena is changing his habits, like cutting fatty foods and trying to get him to take a walk with her. Later that evening the two discuss trying to adjust, but even after that Ignacio still feels bitter as Elena leaves. When Elena returns the next morning, she and Hilda discover Ignacio in a good mood during breakfast. Ignacio also asks Elena to join him for a walk.
Meanwhile, Daniel and Molly try their best to keep their relationship a secret, but Connor is still puzzled by the tabloid photo of Molly, resulting in Wilhelmina becoming suspicious of Connor's recent avoidance of her. Connor invites a somewhat nervous Daniel to work out with him at the gym; during a round of boxing, Daniel can sense Connor's tension as Connor declares he will find out who Molly's "mystery man" really is.
Later that evening Connor drives Daniel to Molly's neighborhood so he can spy on her, hoping to spot the "new guy." But they're not the only ones there: Wilhelmina and Marc are spying on the two... and on Betty, who Daniel had previously asked to deliver some flowers to Molly from him. Betty is unaware of Connor's "stakeout" until Daniel spots her and grabs the flowers from her. When Connor sees this, he looks at the flowers and sees a card signed by "RJ"; Daniel convinces Connor to focus on Wilhelmina, and they drive away. Wilhelmina and Marc also leave, but not before they spot Molly walking home. An upset Wilhelmina realizes that Connor still has feelings for Molly.
At work, Wilhelmina confronts Connor about Molly and delivers an ultimatum: he must choose between them. However, Connor asks Daniel to join him for another round of boxing at the gym. After trading some punches, Connor knocks Daniel down and calls him "RJ" - he put two and two together after seeing a t-shirt with "Rich Jerk" (Molly's nickname for Daniel, shortened to "RJ") on Daniel's desk, then the note with Molly's flowers.
The next day, Connor asks Daniel, who is sporting a very obvious black eye, to join him for a business meeting. It seems things have been smoothed over. Connor then goes to Wilhelmina's office, admits he had a hard time letting go of Molly, but says he's now all hers... even if he has to beg.
Casting.
This episode introduces Lauren Velez to the cast as Elena.
Also, Ashley Jensen and Judith Light were absent from this episode.
Reception.
The episode had a mixed reaction in this zap2it review: "It felt like Ugly Betty had completely derailed at the beginning of the episode -- and believe me, I still have some issues -- but by the end, there were a couple of resolutions that finally felt right."
Ratings.
While the episode mananged to beat sitcoms on NBC (first-run) and CBS (repeats), this outing placed a distant second behind Fox's "Bones" with a 5.0/8 overall and a 2.4 among 18-49s, but only 7.27 million tuned in, dropping 270,000 from the last episode. This is the lowest ever amount of viewers since the beginning of the series (this record would be taken by the Season 4 episode "Level (7) with Me").

</doc>
<doc id="20923587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923587" title="Marie de la Mer">
Marie de la Mer

Marie de la Mer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20923591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923591" title="Yoo Chang-Hyun">
Yoo Chang-Hyun

Yoo Chang-Hyun(born May 14, 1985) is a South Korea football player who currently plays for Pohang Steelers.

</doc>
<doc id="20923606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923606" title="Camissonia lacustris">
Camissonia lacustris

Camissonia lacustris is a species of evening primrose known by the common name grassland suncup. It is endemic to California, where it grows on the grasslands of the Sierra Nevada foothills. It is also known from an area in the Northern Coast Ranges in Lake County. 
This is an annual herb producing an erect or spreading, sometimes bending or twisting, hairy stem approaching half a meter in maximum length. The leaves grow along the stem and are less than 4 centimeters long and linear or narrowly oval in shape. The nodding inflorescence produces flowers with yellow petals about half a centimeter in length. The petals sometimes have two red dots at their bases. The fruit is a straight wavy capsule which may be several centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20923617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923617" title="Croatian heraldry">
Croatian heraldry

Croatian heraldry is the study of heraldry - of coats of arms and other achievements - in the country of Croatia and the area it occupies.
Arms were often granted by the Austro-Hungarian Empire (and their constituent countries, Austria and Hungary) and Republic of Venice when Croatia was occupied by their forces. The study of Croatian arms started in the 17th century. Although largely unregulated, there are bodies such as the Croatian Heraldic and Vexillologic Association in Croatia.
Coat of arms of Croatia.
The coat of arms of Croatia consists of one main shield and five smaller shields which form a crown over the main shield. The main coat of arms is a checkerboard (chequy) that consists of 13 red and 12 silver (white) fields. It's commonly known as šahovnica ("chessboard", from "šah", "chess" in Croatian). The five smaller shields represent five different historical regions that comprise Croatia. It was adopted 21 December 1990.
Common themes.
In Hungarian-inspired Croatian heraldry, a common charge was the bloodied head of a Turk, this being a reference to various invasions of the area by the Ottoman Empire. Also popular were griffins, bears, solar, lunar and stellar images, and horses. Unlike much of European heraldry, multiple colors are common in mantling, most commonly blue and gold on the dexter side and red and silver on the sinister.
Municipal heraldry.
Municipalities such as Zagreb County have been granted arms, in Zagreb's case this happened in 1759, on the county's creation. Article 9 of the "Law on local self-government and administration" says:
Of 2007, around 65% were using this right. Using the coat of arms as a charge on the flag is common. Black is discouraged as a field colour.

</doc>
<doc id="20923619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923619" title="Lee Gwang-Jae">
Lee Gwang-Jae

Lee Gwang-Jae (hangul: 이광재, born January 1, 1980) is a South Korea football player who, since July 2012, has played for K-League side Daegu FC.

</doc>
<doc id="20923624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923624" title="Phillip Mann">
Phillip Mann

Phillip Mann (born 1942) is a British-born, science fiction author resident in New Zealand since 1969.
He studied English and Drama at Manchester University and later in California before moving to New Zealand where he established the first Drama Studies position at a New Zealand university in 1970; at the Victoria University of Wellington in Wellington. He retired from the position of Professor of Drama at Victoria in 1998 to concentrate on other projects. 
He has worked extensively in theatre, as a professional director and drama tutor, both in New Zealand, the U.S.A. and Europe.
Between 1968 and 1970, he worked as a 'polisher of English' (i.e. sub-editor) with the New China News Agency in Beijing. This being the period shortly after the conclusion of the Cultural Revolution, he was able to witness the re-emergence of Classical Chinese theatre as well as the emergence of new forms of drama. It was during this period that he wrote his first science fiction novel The Eye of the Queen. For further details concerning this book and the circumstances surrounding its composition, visit Phillip Mann's website; see external links below. 
"The Eye of the Queen" details the life of Marius Thorndyke, Earth's leading contact linguist and founder of the CLI (Contact Linguistics Institute) after he departs to the world called Pe-Ellia at the invitation of the species for whom that is their home world. This species, long suspected but hitherto unknown, have been responsible for restricting Earth's space exploration to just a few inhabited planets none of which have attained space travel. 
In the course of his visit, Thorndyke comes to identify emotionally with one of the Pe-Ellian inhabitants and seeks to 'meld' with that being. This has extraordinary consequences for both Earth and Pe-Ellia. 
The Eye of the Queen established Phillip Mann's reputation as a creator of 'credible aliens' - a feature which has remained prominent in his later works. He comments, "Thinking about alien consciousness helps clarify my thinking about Earth and the way we conduct ourselves. Thus I think of my books as being about us, no matter how outlandish the scenario."
"The Eye of the Queen" met with such critical success that some felt he would not be able to equal it. However, 'Master of Paxwax' and its sequel, 'Fall of the Families', have become classics of New Zealand literature. Both books have been recorded in 15 minute episodes read by Dick Weir. They are regularly broadcast on Radio New Zealand. CDs of these recordings are available from Radio New Zealand.
The story of "The Master of Paxwax", Phillip Mann's second book, centres around the life of Pawl Paxwax. Pawl - and his name is significant - is the second son of the Fifth Family in a galaxy-wide empire ruled by Eleven Great Families. These Families have for centuries enslaved non-human life forms by a policy of alien genocide. Now things are changing. Beneath the surface of the seemingly dead world of Sanctum, surviving intelligent aliens are gathering, united in their desire to strike back at the barbarous society that had laid waste their civilizations. 
When Pawl's father and brother die in quick succession, Pawl finds himself thrust into a position of supreme power, unaware that the alien races have decided to revolt and intend to use him and his lover, Laurel Beltane, as pawns to defeat the other ruling families. Pawl is a poet, and non-political in nature, but his enmity, once roused, is to be feared
"Wonderfully imaginative" said Locus. "High-class space opera with a welter of convincing aliens," sang White Dwarf.
The sequel, fittingly titled "The Fall of the Families", brings this saga to its conclusion.
The "Encyclopedia of Science Fiction" describes Phillip Mann's fiction as possessing "a strong visual and structural sense".
After a decade concentrating on theatre direction, travelling, living in France and writing some plays and children's literature, in 2013 he published his first novel since 1996, "The Disestablishment of Paradise" about the corruption by mankind of a pristine Earth-like planet called Paradise and subsequent banishment. He divides his time between his home in Brooklyn, Wellington and a converted barn in the small town of Choussy in France's Loire Valley. He is now working on a new novel "The Headman" (a 'darkly comic novel'), an anthology of short stories, and a work on theatre production.
Bibliography.
Novels.
CD copies of readings of The Master of Paxwax and The Fall of the Families have been issued by Radio New Zealand in 2010.
2012, Radio New Zealand broadcast a serialized version of Wulfsyarn - A Mosaic.

</doc>
<doc id="20923626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923626" title="Cole Mohr">
Cole Mohr

Cole Mohr (born April 27, 1986) is an American model from Houston, Texas, signed with Request Model Management.
He is notable for work with Dior Homme, H&M, Burberry, Valentino, Barneys, Costume National, Marc Jacobs, Levi's, Tommy Hilfiger, and Andrew Buckler. He has appeared in editorials for Vogue Italia and Japanese Men's Vogue, "Dazed & Confused", "Tush", GQ, L'Officiel Hommes, i-D, and "W Magazine".
Mohr has multiple tattoos, including an ""AprilMayJune"" tattoo across his chest.
He is one of Hedi Slimane's favorite models to photograph. Mohr is the face of Alexander Wang's fall ad.
Mohr was named a top 10 male model of 2009 by Forbes Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20923628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923628" title="Hurt (2009 film)">
Hurt (2009 film)

Hurt is a dramatic Gothic horror-thriller film released in 2009. The film was directed by Barbara Stepansky and stars actors Melora Walters, William Mapother, Sofia Vassilieva, and Jackson Rathbone.
Synopsis.
The Coltrane family's life has been devastated by an untimely death. Widowed Helen Coltrane (Melora Walters – "Big Love"), along with her teenage son (Jackson Rathbone – "Twilight") and daughter, are given shelter by her reclusive and quirky gun-loving brother-in-law. As they grapple with the reality of their shattered, altered life and twist of fate, coincidence steps in with a seemingly lovely foster child (Sofia Vassilieva), who appears touting a story that Helen's husband had pledged to take her in. And as they do, a macabre story of deception unfolds …
Production.
The film was shot in California, more specifically Agua Dulce and Los Angeles. It was completed as of September 8, 2008 On September 1, 2008, the film's official website announced that "Hurt" would be represented by Inferno Films Productions (foreign sales) and Circus Road Films (domestic sales).

</doc>
<doc id="20923641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923641" title="Barry Bogin">
Barry Bogin

Barry Bogin (born May 20, 1950) is an American physical anthropologist trained at Temple University that researches physical growth in Guatemalan Maya children, and is a theorist upon the evolutionary origins of human childhood. He is presently at Loughborough University in the UK, after professorships at the University of Michigan-Dearborn, and Wayne State University. During 1974-1976, he was a visiting Professor at the Universidad del Valle de Guatemala.
Human evolution.
Barry Bogin is notable for arguing that human evolution introduced two new pre-reproductive stages, childhood and adolescence, into development. He argues that these stages are absent in the pattern of growth in nonhuman mammals, in particular, in other Homininae such as chimpanzees. This makes them biologically specific to humans. He further argues that the physical, behavioral, and emotional characteristics of children and adolescents that derive from these two stages play a key role in creating modern human adults. According to him, appreciating this aspect of human evolution has important implications for child development theory and practice in psychology, education, and child welfare.
Guatemalan children.
Starting in 1974 Bogin began research on the physical development of Guatemalan Maya children, and their families. Since 1992 he has researched Maya child growth and development after migration to the United States. The purpose of this research has been to document and model the social, economic, and political influences on differences in physical growth and health between Maya children living in Guatemala compared to those in the USA.
External links.
Barry’s home page

</doc>
<doc id="20923663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923663" title="Shin Hwa-Yong">
Shin Hwa-Yong

Shin Hwa-Yong (; born 13 April 1983) is a South Korea football player who since 2004 has played for Pohang Steelers in K-League.
Honors.
Club.
Pohang Steelers
Individual.
Pohang Steelers

</doc>
<doc id="20923664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923664" title="51st parallel south">
51st parallel south

The 51st parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 51 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, the Indian Ocean, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 51° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20923665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923665" title="Per Lütken">
Per Lütken

Per Lütken was a Danish glassmaker (1916–1998), most famous for his works at Holmegaard Glass Factory (""Holmegaard Glasværk"" in Danish).
Lütken has set his signature on the history of Danish glassmaking, designing more than 3,000 pieces of glass for Holmegaard, a company for whom he worked from 1942 and until his death in 1998.
Amongst the best known series created by him are "Ideelle", "Skibsglas", "No. 5", "Selandia" and "Charlotte Amalie", all of which are still selling at high prices throughout the World. They are all regarded as design icons, and are found in many Danish homes to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="20923688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923688" title="Camissoniopsis lewisii">
Camissoniopsis lewisii

Camissoniopsis lewisii is a species of evening primrose known by the common name Lewis' evening primrose. It is native to southern California and Baja California, where it grows in coastal habitat and on the grasslands of the inland mountain ranges. as an example occurrence in Baja California, "C. lewisii" occurs in association with "Mimulus aridus" and "Adiantum jordanii".
Description.
This is an annual herb producing a hairy stem up to about half a meter long which may be erect and unbranched or spreading along the ground and branching. The leaves are arranged in a basal rosette and are several centimeters long; there are also leaves along the stem. The nodding inflorescence produces flowers with yellow petals a few millimeters long with one or two red spots at the bases. The fruit is coiled and one to two centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20923699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923699" title="Sir Robert Houston, 1st Baronet">
Sir Robert Houston, 1st Baronet

Sir Robert Paterson Houston, 1st Baronet (31 May 1853 – 14 April 1926) was a British Conservative Party politician and shipowner. He was born to a maritime engineer from Renfrewshire, and, after an apprenticeship in Liverpool, Houston also became an engineer. In 1877 he bought a share in a packet steamer with his inheritance, using the profits to start up his own management company in 1880, R.P. Houston & Company.
In 1892 he was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Liverpool West Toxteth, resigning on 26 April 1924 through appointment as Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds. He was created a Baronet, of West Toxteth in the City of Liverpool, in 1922.
Married to Lucy, Lady Houston, he died on his steam yacht "Liberty" on 14 April 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="20923700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923700" title="Mölgg">
Mölgg

Mölgg (for communication reasons sometimes spelled as Moelgg) is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20923718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923718" title="List of Hindu temples in Pakistan">
List of Hindu temples in Pakistan

Hindu Temples in Pakistan complete pictures with details click this link:
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Hindu-Temples-In-Pakistan/252280184844069?ref=hl
This is a list of Hindu temples in Pakistan, sorted by administrative unit.
External links.
Shri Ramapir / Shri Hanuman Mandir - Cantt, Karachi
Shree Ram Mandir Akri Pithoro

</doc>
<doc id="20923729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923729" title="53rd parallel south">
53rd parallel south

The 53rd parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 53 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, the Indian Ocean, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 53° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20923740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923740" title="Battle of Kilinochchi">
Battle of Kilinochchi

Battle of Kilinochchi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20923752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923752" title="Piopio, New Zealand">
Piopio, New Zealand

Piopio is a small town in the Waitomo District. Situated on State Highway 3 approximately 23 km from Te Kuiti.

</doc>
<doc id="20923753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923753" title="You Can Get It All">
You Can Get It All

"You Can Get It All" is the first official single off Bow Wow's seventh album, "New Jack City II". It features Johntá Austin and contains an intro from Jermaine Dupri. This was confirmed on his official YouTube and Myspace page.
Music video.
A music video for "You Can Get It All" has been made. It was produced by Jermaine Dupri and was shot in Malibu, California. It features Johntá Austin. The video was directed by Hype Williams.
The song samples TLC's "Baby-Baby-Baby".

</doc>
<doc id="20923774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923774" title="Soya Group">
Soya Group

The Soya Group is a Swedish corporate group including the shipping line Wallenius Lines, the real estate company Wallfast and the water purification company Wallenius Water.

</doc>
<doc id="20923780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923780" title="Clara Gonzaga">
Clara Gonzaga

Clara Gonzaga, Countess of Montpensier, Dauphine of Auvergne, Duchess of Sessa (1 July 1464 – 2 June 1503) was an Italian noblewoman of the House of Gonzaga. She was the daughter of Federico I Gonzaga, Marquess of Mantua and the wife of Gilbert, Count of Montpensier. 
One of her six children was Charles III, Duke of Bourbon, who led the Imperial Army sent by Emperor Charles V against Pope Clement VII in what became the Sack of Rome, and where he was subsequently killed.
Clara is one of the characters in the Heptameron, which was written by Marguerite of Angouleme, sister of King Francis I of France.
Family.
Clara was born in Mantua on 1 July 1464, the eldest daughter of Federico I Gonzaga, Marquess of Mantua and Margaret of Bavaria (1 January 1442 – 14 October 1479). She had five siblings including Francesco II Gonzaga, Marquess of Mantua whose wife was the celebrated Isabella d'Este. 
Clara's paternal grandparents were Ludovico III Gonzaga and Barbara of Brandenburg; and her maternal grandparents were Albert III, Duke of Bavaria and Anna of Brunswick-Grubenhagen-Einbeck, daughter of Duke Erich I of Brunswick-Salzderhelden and Elisabeth of Brunswick-Göttingen.
Marriage and issue.
On 24 February 1482, in Mantua, at the age of seventeen, Clara married Gilbert of Bourbon-Montpensier, who in 1486 succeeded his father as Count of Montpensier and Dauphin of Auvergne. He was also Viceroy of Naples (1495), and the Duke of Sessa. He was the son of Louis I, Count of Montpensier and Joan, Dauphine of Auvergne. The marriage had been arranged by Clara's uncle Francesco Secco of Aragon who accompanied the newly-wed couple from Mantua to Milan on their lengthy journey to their home in France.
Gilbert and Clara had six children:
Widowhood and death.
On 15 October 1496, in Pozzuoli, Italy, Clara's husband Gilbert (who had been the Viceroy of Naples since 1495), died of a fever, leaving her a widow at the age of thirty-two.
In 1499, Clara acted as mediator on behalf of her brother Francesco, who sought to form an alliance with King Louis XII of France in order to protect Mantua, which was then being threatened by both Cesare Borgia and the Doge of Venice.
She maintained a correspondence with her sister-in-law, Isabella d'Este.
Clara died on 2 June 1503. She was not quite thirty-nine years old. She was buried at the Chapelle Saint-Louis in the church of Aigueperse in Auvergne.
Her many descendants included Louise Juliana of Nassau, King Louis XV of France, Marie Antoinette, Franz Josef I of Austria, and the House of Hanover which reigned in Great Britain from 1714 to 1901, and from which descends the current British Royal Family.
Clara Gonzaga appears as a character in Marguerite of Angoulême's book, the Heptameron.

</doc>
<doc id="20923781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923781" title="2008–09 Battle of Kilinochchi">
2008–09 Battle of Kilinochchi

The Battle of Kilinochchi was a land battle fought between the Sri Lankan Military and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for the control of the town of Kilinochchi in the Northern Theater of Eelam War IV during the Sri Lankan civil war between November 2008 and January 2009. The town of Kilinochchi was the administrative center and de facto capital of the LTTE's proposed state of Tamil Eelam.
The Sri Lankan Army (SLA) conducted an offensive through the months of November and December 2008 during which three attempts were made to capture the town during the month of December. These were thwarted by the LTTE, and both sides claimed that they suffered minimal casualties while inflicting maximum damage on the other during these assaults. The Sri Lanka Air Force launched air strikes against LTTE positions in Kilinochchi throughout this period. On 2 January 2009, divisions of the Sri Lanka Army advanced into Kilinochchi from the northern, southern and western directions of the town, and the LTTE fighters withdrew into positions in nearby jungles. Mahinda Rajapaksa, the president of Sri Lanka, later announced that the military had taken control of the town and urged the LTTE to lay down arms and surrender. However, the LTTE stated that the SLA captured a "ghost town" after they withdrew, and described it as an insignificant loss.
After Kilinochchi was captured, several foreign governments urged both parties to seek a political solution. The Colombo Stock Exchange recorded a rise and the rupee stabilized, while celebrators lit firecrackers on the streets soon after the capture was declared. Amidst the celebrations, a suicide bomb attack occurred in the evening in front of the air force headquarters in Colombo, killing 3 and wounding about 30 people. The SLA continued to advance into LTTE held territory, capturing some more strategically important locations, including Elephant Pass and the entire A9 Highway soon after the fall of Kilinochchi.
History and background.
The Sri Lanka Army withdrew from Kilinochchi in 1990, enabling the LTTE to take control of the town for the first time. The SLA recaptured it during operations Sathjaya I, II, and III in September 1996. However, the LTTE launched Operation Unceasing Waves II in September 1998 and captured the town again, forcing the SLA to vacate it. This battle caused heavy casualties to both sides, and the loss was described by the then military spokesman, Brigadier Sunil Tennakoon, as "the largest blow after Mullaitivu".
Although Kilinochchi is not a strategically important location in terms of military operations, it bears a symbolic importance because of the LTTE using it as the de facto capital of Tamil Eelam, the separate state that the LTTE is fighting for. Vinayagamoorthy Muralitharan alias Colonel Karuna, a former commander of the LTTE, claimed that the town of Kilinochchi was important for the LTTE because it was the showcase of the organization According to government claims, all civil administrative affairs were handled by government authorities despite the LTTE being in control of the town.
Administrative Capital.
After 2002, the LTTE used Kilinochchi as the administrative hub of the area under its control. The LTTE established a Police force, named Tamil Eelam Police Force, Peace Secretariat and Bank in areas under its control and Kilinochchi housed the headquarters for these entities. The Tamil Tigers also established and implemented a Judicial system which consisted of district courts, high courts and supreme court as well as a court of appeal. The supreme court was also located in Kilinochchi.
Preparations.
After the Sri Lankan military captured the Eastern Province from the LTTE, it advanced rapidly into LTTE-held territory in the Northern Province. The town of Kilinochchi was a major target for the troops during this offensive. With the SLA advancing on several fronts, the 57 Division and Task Force 1 (now 58 Division) operated on the Kilinochchi front with the objective of capturing the town. The overall operation was led by Major General Jagath Jayasuriya, the Wanni Security Forces Commander. Both divisions advanced from the west of the country, with 57 Division approaching Kilinochchi from the south and west, while the Task Force 1 advanced further northwards, capturing other key strongholds of the LTTE in order to converge on Kilinochchi from the north. By early October, Kilinochchi had been vacated by its residents and units of the Kilinochchi hospital, banks and several government institutions were relocated at Tharmapuram, a village away.
57 Division, led by Major General Jagath Dias, captured Akkarayankulam on 18 October 2008, a large village located to the southwest of Kilinochchi. The capture of this village enabled the SLA to attack Kilinochchi from the southwest. The Iranamadu junction, located to the south of Kilinochchi was also captured later, enabling the SLA to advance towards Kilinochchi from the south. Troops from the 57 Division earlier captured several LTTE strongholds such as Adampan and Kokavil
The Task Force 1, led by Brigadier Shavendra Silva, advanced along the western coast, capturing several strategically important locations including the Mannar "Rice Bowl" area, Viddathalthivu, and Nachchikuda. The Task Force 1 launched an attack on Pooneryn on 15 November 2008, spearheaded by troops from the 2nd and 3rd Commando Regiments and a squadron of Special Forces, and captured the area. From there, the Task Force 1 moved west and captured Paranthan on 31 December 2008, enabling the SLA to attack Kilinochchi from the north.
The LTTE constructed earth bunds and trenches around the town to halt the advance of the Sri Lankan military. One such earth bund was constructed to the south. Another stretched across the B69 Pooneryn – Paranthan road, along the western side of the town. The LTTE had deployed their elite units, the Charles Anthony and Imran Pandiyan brigades along with other regular units under the command of Theepan, Bhanu and Lawrence for the defence of Kilinochchi. Meanwhile, the SLA began launching artillery attacks, while the Air Force launched air raids against LTTE positions in and around Kilinochchi. One such attack targeted the LTTE office complex in Kilinochchi. The government declared in October 2008 that it was ready to capture Kilinochchi. However, LTTE leader Velupillai Prabhakaran declared in an email interview that capturing Kilinochchi was "just a daydream of President Mahinda Rajapaksa".
Timeline.
The Sri Lankan military began attacking Kilinochchi from three directions on 23 November 2008. Throughout the month of December, the SLA conducted three offensives in an attempt to take Kilinochchi. Heavy monsoon rains affected both sides during the months of November and December, with floods covering a large area in and around Kilinochchi. Troop movements were limited by this, and mines had been scattered around the area by the flood waters. Throughout the offensive, the Sri Lanka Air Force carried out numerous air strikes against Kilinochchi in support of the SLA.
On 10 December, the LTTE claimed to have blunted the first SLA offensive and killed 89 soldiers. However, the SLA claimed to have lost only 20 soldiers and killed 27 rebels.
On 16 December, the SLA launched a multi-front offensive against Kilinochchi. This assault was defeated by the LTTE, who claimed that SLA casualties in this battle were 130 soldiers dead and more than 300 wounded. They also claimed to have captured 28 bodies of army soldiers. However, the SLA denied this and claimed to have had only 25 soldiers killed, 18 missing and 160 wounded while they killed 120 Tigers. Heavy artillery and mortar fire was exchanged between both sides during the battle. Fighting continued for 10 days after this battle, during which period the SLA managed to capture some parts of the earth bund to the west of Kilinochchi.
On 20 December, the LTTE mounted a counter-offensive as SLA forces were preparing an assault to capture the village of Iranamadu, located to the south of Kilinochchi. The LTTE claimed that at least 60 soldiers were killed in the battle, but these claims were again disputed by the military spokesman Brigadier Udaya Nanayakkara, who claimed that SLA losses were 12 killed and 12 missing.
Capture.
LTTE started to withdraw its personnel from Kilinochchi with the fall of Paranthan on 31 December 2008, as divisions of the Sri Lanka Army began surrounding the town. On 2 January 2009, the Sri Lanka Army entered the town of Kilinochchi. The SLA claimed they encountered only minimal resistance once it entered the town, as the rebels had withdrawn to positions in nearby jungles. According to the military spokesman Brigadier Udaya Nanayakkara, the SLA entered the town from three directions, overcoming pockets of LTTE resistance. The troop movements started on the dawn of 2 January, when units of the 57 Division advanced across the built up area to the west of Kilinochchi, and entered the town center. More units of the 57 division moved into the town from the south, while the Task Force 1 also advanced into the town from the north along the west and east of the A9 highway.
After the capture of the town, the National Flag of Sri Lanka was raised at the town center by the commanding officer of the 57 Division, Major General Jagath Dias, along with the flags of Sri Lanka Army, Air Force, and the 57 Division.
The infrastructure of the town was heavily damaged when the SLA took control of it. Most of the houses were badly damaged and a large water tank had been destroyed, which the SLA accused had been done by the LTTE using explosives. According to a senior commander of the SLA, the LTTE had damaged the town's infrastructure to obstruct the advance of the Sri Lankan military. Power supply lines in Kilinochchi had also been damaged. However, the LTTE claimed that the town's infrastructure had been destroyed by artillery attacks and air raids carried out by the Sri Lankan military.
Reactions.
The President of Sri Lanka, Mahinda Rajapaksa, announced the capture of Kilinochchi at the Presidential Secretariat on the evening of 2 January, and called for the LTTE to lay down arms and surrender, stating that this would be the "final message" to the LTTE. In his speech, he stated that:
The Island editorial described the capture of Kilinochchi as a blow to global terror and that it has sent a strong message that the civilised world is capable of eliminating the scourge of terrorism.
Pro-rebel website Tamilnet reported that LTTE fighters and civilians had moved further northeast, and the Sri Lankan military had entered a "virtual ghost town". Balasingham Nadesan, the LTTE's political head, observed that the loss of Kilinochchi was an insignificant setback in the context of their liberation struggle, claiming that: 
Several foreign governments expressed their views on the capture of Kilinochchi soon after the event. On 2 January 2009, the United States Department of State urged the Sri Lankan Government and Tamil Tigers to start negotiating over the "legitimate issues" of the Tamils.
India's Foreign Secretary Shivshankar Menon stated that there would be no military solution for the problems that are faced by Sri Lanka, regardless of how the military situation fluctuates. He mentioned that there should be a "political understanding within the framework of a united Sri Lanka" within which all communities can be comfortable.
A statement was issued by the United Kingdom government as well, urging Sri Lanka to find a political solution. Their statement said that the need for a political solution was "even more urgent" now with the Sri Lankan military capturing Kilinochchi. In addition, Minister of State for the Foreign and Commonwealth Office of the British Government, Lord Malloch Brown and Secretary of State for International Development, Douglas Alexander, urged both parties of the conflict to respect International Humanitarian Law.
The news of the fall of Kilinochchi to the Sri Lankan Military resulted in celebration, including gathering on the streets and lighting firecrackers, in places like Nuwara Eliya, Anuradhapura, Colombo, Ampara and Kalutara. The Government of Sri Lanka claimed that the population in Jaffna celebrated the capture by raising the national flag with anti-LTTE slogans and demonstrations. However Tamilnet, the pro-rebel website, denied these claims and claimed that the public were forced to take part in the celebrations. It claimed that the Sri Lankan Army confiscated the National identity cards of many residents in order to force them to take part. The country officially marked the capture of Kilinochchi on 5 January by hoisting the national flag and observing two minutes of silence to honour the troops, while television and radio stations either blacked out their regular bulletins during this time or played patriotic songs.
Aftermath.
Following the capture of Kilinochchi by the SLA, the Colombo Stock Exchange recorded a rise of around 5 percent on the news and the Sri Lankan rupee became steady. A few hours after the President of Sri Lanka declared the victory, a suicide bombing was carried out outside the Air Force headquarters in Colombo, in which two air force police officers and a member of the bomb-disposal unit were killed and 30 people wounded. On 3 January 2009, at least 3 people were injured in another explosion that occurred in Pettah Market, triggered under a parked vehicle. On 6 January, an armed group attacked and damaged the Maharaja Television/Broadcasting Network studios of Capital Maharaja in Pannipitiya, after state owned media accused the media organization of not giving sufficient airtime to report the capture of Kilinochchi. Reporters Without Borders condemned this attack, observing that the attack seemed to have occurred because the media organization's "coverage was not patriotic enough".
Soon after the capture of Kilinochchi, the government decided to ban the LTTE. The ban was put into effect from midnight, 7 January, for "using civilians as human shields in uncleared areas and endangering their lives, despite requests by the government to release them".
The military continued its advance into LTTE held territory and captured the key LTTE position at Pallai within a few days. Soon afterward on 9 January, the SLA captured the strategically important Elephant Pass area, which links the Jaffna Peninsula with the mainland. The SLA is continued its offensive with the objective of capturing Mullaitivu, the only remaining major stronghold of the LTTE. Mullaitivu was also captured on 25 January.

</doc>
<doc id="20923783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923783" title="Club Deportivo Atlético Audaz">
Club Deportivo Atlético Audaz

Club Deportivo Atlético Audaz is a sports club based in Machala, Ecuador. They are best known for their professional football team, which plays in the second level of Ecuadorian football, the Serie B.

</doc>
<doc id="20923832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923832" title="Corporación Trebol Gas C.A.">
Corporación Trebol Gas C.A.

Corporación Trebol Gas C.A. is a Venezuelan privately owned oil company reporting 280 gas stations located in every state of the country and about 16% of the oil distribution market in Venezuela. Trebol was founded in 1998 and is a chain of gas stations, each operated by a franchisee. Almost every gas station has a convenience store and sells Venoco lubricants.
The company's president Domingo Negrín has been a leading lobbyist for increasing the price of gasoline in Venezuela, one the world's cheapest.

</doc>
<doc id="20923835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923835" title="Olexander Beyderman">
Olexander Beyderman

Olexander Abramovytsch Beyderman (Ukrainian , Scientific transliteration ""; also: Bejderman ; * 1949 in Odessa) is a Soviet-Ukrainian writer of Jewish descent. He is lecturer of Hebrew, Russian and English philology at the University of Odessa.
Beyderman writes in Yiddish language, Ukrainian and Russian and is considered as one of the last and at the same time one of the more important Yiddish authors in the former areas of Russian Jews. His entree to Soviet literature took place with the assistance of literature functionaries of the time, though he was never an orthodox follower of the dogmas of socialist realism and soon found his own style combining realistic language with harsh expressiveness that outreaches the simplicity of his themes. He treats the Extermination of Jews in World War II as well as topics reminiscent of Sholem Aleichem and other earlier Jewish writers. His depictions range from subtle criticism of society to quasi-blasphemous sarcasm. His generation is probably the last one to use Yiddish as a literary language. His texts are read in Israel and the USA as well as in Ukraine. The editions of his novels and plays are more numerous in Russian and Ukrainian. During the last couple of years, Ukrainian has come to play a greater role in his writings.
Beyderman was a Fellow in the Moses Mendelssohn Centre and works for the Claims Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="20923871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923871" title="Marxist–Leninist Party of Ukraine">
Marxist–Leninist Party of Ukraine

The Marxist–Leninist Party of Ukraine is a revolutionary Maoist party established in Ukraine between the end of 2004 and the beginning of 2005. Its Chairman is Arthur Ryabchenko.
The MLPU was established because its members don't agree with the current communist parties in Ukraine, that they call revisionists (many of them is inspired by Leonid Brezhnev's Soviet Union). Domestically, the Party tries to reevaluate Joseph Stalin's work and thought and fights against the bourgeois government. They consider the USSR after Stalin and China after Mao Zedong "revisionist countries". The Party ideological line is Marxism-Leninism-Maoism.
Since its establishment, the MLPU set close links with the Italian Marxist-Leninist Party, translating and publishing some of Giovanni Scuderi's works. Ryabchenko also wrote on "Il Bolscevico".

</doc>
<doc id="20923905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923905" title="Marxist-Leninist Centre in Mexico">
Marxist-Leninist Centre in Mexico

The Marxist-Leninist Centre in Mexico is a communist organization located in Mexico.
The MLCM supports Marxism-Leninism and Maoism and its aim is to establish a revolutionary party in Mexico. It has strong ties with the Italian Marxist-Leninist Party (PMLI), that defines its "elder brother". The Centre has also translated some PMLI works about Joseph Stalin and Mao Zedong in Spanish.
The MLCM publishes a bi-weekly, "El Bolchevique".

</doc>
<doc id="20923911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923911" title="Britz-Chorin-Oderberg">
Britz-Chorin-Oderberg

Britz-Chorin-Oderberg is an "Amt" ("municipal federation") in the district of Barnim, in Brandenburg, Germany. Its seat is in the town Britz. It was formed on 1 January 2009 by the merger of the former "Ämter" Britz-Chorin and Oderberg.
The "Amt" Britz-Chorin-Oderberg consists of the following municipalities:
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="20923915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923915" title="Ciborium (architecture)">
Ciborium (architecture)

In ecclesiastical architecture, a ciborium ("ciborion": κιβώριον in Greek) is a canopy or covering supported by columns, freestanding in the sanctuary, that stands over and covers the altar in a basilica or other church. It may also be known by the more general term of baldachin, though ciborium is often considered more correct for examples in churches. Early ciboria had curtains hanging from rods between the columns, so that the altar could be concealed from the congregation at points in the liturgy. Smaller examples may cover other objects in a church. In a very large church a ciborium is an effective way of visually highlighting the altar, and emphasizing its importance. The altar and ciborium are often set upon a dais to raise it above the floor of the sanctuary.
A ciborium is also a covered, chalice-shaped container for Eucharistic hosts.
History.
The ciborium arose in the context of a wide range of canopies, both honorific and practical, used in the ancient world to cover both important persons and religious images or objects. Some of these were temporary and portable, including those using poles and textiles, and others permanent structures. Roman emperors are often shown underneath such a structure, often called an "aedicula" ("little house"), which term is reserved in modern architectural usage to a niche-like structure attached to a wall, but was originally used more widely. Examples can be seen on many coins, the Missorium of Theodosius I, the Chronography of 354, and other Late Antique works. The Holy of holies of the Jewish Temple of Jerusalem, a room whose entrance was covered by the "parochet", a curtain or "veil", was certainly regarded as a precedent by the church; the "naos" containing the cult image in an Egyptian temple is perhaps a comparable structure. 
The free-standing domed ciborium-like structure that stood over what was thought to be the site of Jesus's tomb within the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem was called the "aedicula" (or "edicule"), and was a key sight for pilgrims, often shown in art, for example in the Monza Ampullae. This structure, erected under Constantine the Great, may itself have been important in spreading the idea of ciboria over altars. The later structure now in its place is far larger, with solid stone walls; the silver plaques covering the old structure were apparently used to make coins to pay the army defending Jerusalem against Saladin in the desperate days of 1187. Ciboria were placed over the shrines of martyrs, which then had churches built over them, with the altar over the spot believed to be the site of the burial. They also served to shelter the altar from dust and the like from high ceilings that could only rarely be reached. 
Possibly the earliest important example over an altar was in the Basilica of Saint John Lateran in Rome, also donated by Constantine, looted by the Visigoths in the 5th century and now replaced by a large Gothic structure (see below). This is described as a "fastigium" in the earliest sources, but was probably a ciborium. Like most major early examples it was "of silver", whose weight is given, presumably meaning that decorated silver plaques were fixed to a wood or stone framework. Unsurprisingly no early examples in precious metal have survived, but many are recorded in important churches. Possibly the earliest ciborium to survive largely complete is one in Sant'Apollinare in Classe in Ravenna (not over the main altar), which is dated to 806-810, though the columns of the example at Sant'Ambrogio appear to date from the original 4th-century church.
The ciborium commissioned by Justinian the Great for Hagia Sophia in Constantinople and described by Paulus Silentarius is now lost. It was also of silver, nielloed, surmounted by "a globe of pure gold weighing 118 pounds, and golden lilies weighing 4 pounds and above these a golden cross with precious and rare stones, which cross weighed 80 pounds of gold". The roof had eight panels rising to the globe and cross. 
The Early Medieval Eastern Orthodox church "directed that the eucharist be celebrated at an altar with a ciborium, from which hung the vessel in which the consecrated host was kept", the vessel sometimes being in the form of a dove. Early depictions of the Last Supper in Christian art, showing the "Communion of the Apostles", show them queueing to receive the bread and wine from Christ, who stands under or beside a ciborium, presumably reflecting contemporary liturgical practice. An example of this type is in mosaic in the apse of the Saint Sophia Cathedral in Kiev, under a very large standing Virgin. 
According to the 8th-century saint and Patriarch Germanus I of Constantinople: "The ciborium represents here the place where Christ was crucified; for the place where He was buried was nearby and raised on a base. It is placed in the church in order to represent concisely the crucifixion, burial, and resurrection of Christ. It similarly corresponds to the ark of the covenant of the Lord in which, it is written, is His Holy of Holies and His holy place. Next to it God commanded that two wrought Cherubim be placed on either side (cf Ex 25:18) —for KIB is the ark, and OURIN is the effulgence, or the light, of God."(Τὸ κιβώριόν ἐστι ἀντὶ τοῦ τόπου ἔνθα ἐσταυρώθη ὁ Χριστός· ἐγγὺς γὰρ ἦν ὁ τόπος καὶ ὑπόβαθρος ἔνθα ἐτάφη· ἀλλὰ διὰ τὸ ἐν συντομίᾳ ἐκφέρεσθαι τὴν σταύρωσιν, τὴν ταφὴν καὶ τὴν ἀνάστασιν τοῦ Χριστοῦ ἐν τῇ Ἐκκλησίᾳ τέτακται. Ἔστι δὲ καὶ κατὰ τὴν κιβωτὸν τῆς διαθήκης Κυρίου, ἐν ᾗ λέγεται Ἅγια Ἁγίων καὶ ἁγίασμα αὐτοῦ· ἐν ᾗ προσέταξεν ὁ Θεὸς γενέσθαι δύο χερουβὶμ ἑκατέρωθεν τορευτά· τὸ γὰρ ΚΙΒ ἐστὶ κιβωτός, τὸ δὲ ΟΥΡΙΝ φωτισμὸς Θεοῦ, ἢ φῶς Θεοῦ.) 
Examples in Orthodox manuscripts mostly show rounded dome roofs, but surviving early examples in the West often placed a circular canopy over four columns, with tiers of little columns supporting two or more stages rising to a central finial, giving a very open appearance, and allowing candles to be placed along the beams between the columns. The example by the Cosmati in the gallery is similar to another 12th-century Italian ciborium now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, and that in the Basilica di San Nicola in Bari. By the Romanesque, gabled forms, as at Sant'Ambrogio, or ones with a flat top, as at the Euphrasian Basilica (illustrated) or St Mark's, Venice, are more typical. 
In Gothic architecture the gabled form already used at Sant'Ambrogio returns, now with an elaborate spire-like pinnacle. Probably the most elaborate is the one in the Basilica of Saint John Lateran in Rome, designed by Arnolfo di Cambio and later painted by Barna da Siena. The columns here and at San Paolo Fuori le Mura are still re-used classical ones, in porphyry at San Paolo and Sant'Ambrogio (Sant'Apollinare Nuovo in Ravenna has its porphry columns, with no canopy surviving). Most of the surviving early examples are in stone in basilica churches, especially in Rome and other parts of Italy; it is unclear how common examples, perhaps in wood, once were in smaller churches.
Altar curtains.
Images and documentary mentions of early examples often have curtains called "tetravela" hung between the columns; these altar-curtains were used to cover and then reveal the view of the altar by the congregation at points during services — exactly which points varied, and is often unclear. Altar-curtains survived the decline of the ciborium in both East and West, and in English are often called "riddels" (from French "rideau", a word once also used for ordinary domestic curtains). A few churches have "riddle posts" or "riddel posts" around the altar, which supported the curtain-rails, and perhaps a cloth stretched above. Such an arrangement, open above, can be seen in folio 199v of the Très Riches Heures du duc de Berry. Late medieval examples in Northern Europe were often topped by angels, and the posts, but not the curtains, were revived in some new or refitted Anglo-Catholic churches by Ninian Comper and others around 1900. In earlier periods the curtains were closed at the most solemn part of the Mass, a practice that continues to the present day in the Coptic and Armenian churches. A comparison to the biblical Veil of the Temple was intended. The small domed structures, usually with red curtains, that are often shown near the writing saint in early Evangelist portraits, especially in the East, represent a ciborium, as do the structures surrounding many manuscript portraits of medieval rulers.
Other uses.
Ciboria, often much smaller, were sometimes also erected to cover particular objects, especially icons and reliquaries, and smaller ciboria that stood on, rather than over, the altar are also found. The word may also be used of some large sculptural structures that stand behind an altar, often offering no canopy or covering as such, for example at Siena Cathedral. These may be free-standing, or built against a wall, and usage here overlaps with the terms tabernacle and retable. The typical Gothic form of canopied niche to enclose a statue may be regarded as a "reduced form of ciborium".
A very famous ciborium that apparently did not stand over an altar was one that apparently functioned as a quasi-reliquary shrine or symbolic tomb for the missing remains of St Demetrius of Thessaloniki in Hagios Demetrios, the large and important church erected in Thessaloniki over the mass grave in which he was traditionally buried. This appears, from various accounts of miracles associated with it, and depictions in mosaic, to have been a free-standing roofed structure inside the church, at one side of the nave, with doors or walls in precious metal all around it. It was hexagonal and made of or covered with silver; inside there was a couch or bed. The roof had flat triangular panels rising shallowly to a central point. It was rebuilt at least once. A medium-sized 13th-century ciborium in a corner of San Marco, Venice, known as the "capitello" ("little chapel"), was used for the display of important icons and relics in the Middle Ages.
Decline and revival.
Ciboria are now much rarer in churches in both East and West, as the introduction of other structures that screened the altar, such as the iconostasis in the East and rood screen and pulpitum in the West, meant that they would be little seen, and smaller examples often conflicted with the large altarpieces that came into fashion in the later Middle Ages. They enjoyed something of a revival after the Renaissance once again opened up the view of the sanctuary, but never again became usual even in large churches. Bernini's enormous ciborium in Saint Peter's, Rome is a famous exception; it is the largest in existence, and always called a baldachin. Many other elaborate aedicular Baroque altar surrounds that project from, but remain attached to, the wall behind, and have pairs of columns on each side, may be thought of as hinting at the ciborium without exactly using its form. 
The Gothic Revival saw the true free-standing ciborium return to some popularity: the Votive Church, Vienna has a large Gothic example designed in 1856, and Ninian Comper built a number, including one for Pusey House. Peterborough Cathedral has a neo-Gothic example, and Derby Cathedral one with the Romanesque small columns below a neo-classical architrave and pediment. Westminster Cathedral, a neo-Byzantine building, has a splayed version of 1894, with extra flanking columns, which within that context is "resolutely modernistic". The Gothic style of ciborium was also borrowed for some public monuments like the Albert Memorial in London, as it had been in the Middle Ages for the outdoor Scaliger Tombs in Verona. For other post-Renaissance versions, many variations of the basic square four-column plan, see the next section.
Terms: ciborium or baldachin?
The word "ciborium", in both senses, is said to derive from the cup-shaped seed vessel of the Egyptian water-lily "nelumbium speciosum", which is supposed to have been used as a cup itself, and to resemble both the metal cup shape and, when inverted, the dome of the architectural feature, though the Grove Dictionary of Art, the Catholic Encyclopedia and other sources are somewhat dubious about this etymology, which goes back to at least the Late Antique period. An alternative is to derive the word from "cibes" ("food"). Both senses of the word were in use in classical times. The word "baldachin" derives from a luxurious type of cloth from Baghdad, from which name the word is derived, in English as "baudekin" and other spellings. Matthew Paris records that Henry III of England wore a robe "de preciosissimo baldekino" at a ceremony at Westminster Abbey in 1247. The word for the cloth became the word for the ceremonial canopies made from the cloth. 
Bernini's St. Peter's baldachin imitates in bronze a cloth canopy above, and thus has some claim to be called a "baldachin", as it always is. A number of other Baroque ciboria, and secular architectural canopies, copied this conceit, for example Santa Maria Maggiore in Rome. The voluted top of the Bernini baldachin was also copied by a number of French architects, often producing structures around an altar with no actual canopy or roof, just columns arrayed in an approximate curve (a "rotunda altar"), with only an architrave and volutes above. Examples are at the churches at Val-de-Grâce (François Mansart and Jacques Lemercier, 1660s) and Les Invalides (Jules Hardouin Mansart, 1706) in Paris, Angers Cathedral, Verdun Cathedral, Notre-Dame de Mouzon in Mouzon, Saint-Sauveur in Rennes, and the Saint-Sauveur Basilica in Dinan. These are usually called baldachins (not at Angers), and many have certainly departed from the traditional form of the ciborium. There is a Rococo German example at Worms Cathedral; many German Rococo churches used similar styles that were engaged with the apse wall, or partly so. In addition, according to the 1907 Catholic Encyclopedia articles on "Baldachin" and "Ciborium", the Catholic Church opted, apparently in the 19th century, to use officially "ciborium" only for the vessel and "baldachin" for all architectural forms. Architectural historians generally prefer to use "ciborium" at the least for all square four-column roofed forms. 

</doc>
<doc id="20923933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923933" title="Iowa Child Welfare Research Station">
Iowa Child Welfare Research Station

The American Iowa Child Welfare Research Station attached to the University of Iowa conducted pioneering research into child development and child psychology during the 20th century. German-American psychologist Kurt Zadek Lewin worked there and Robert Richardson Sears directed the Station for much of the 1940s. Many other eminent psychologists, physiologists, and researchers were associated with the Station and its work.
In 1963 the Station was renamed The Institute of Child Behavior and Development due to negative association amongst the public with the phrase "Child Welfare" and in 1974 the Institute was closed as a research establishment.
The Station was originally founded in 1917. A leader of the Iowa Congress of Mothers named Cora Bussey Hillis arranged for the Station to be sited at the University of Iowa and procured funding from the state legislature and the Women's Christian Temperance Union. With the exception of a stint of military service during World War I Dr. Bird T. Baldwin served as the first director of the Station until his untimely death on May 13, 1928.
In 1922 the station listed these employees:
Iowa Statute Establishing the Station.
The following law was authored by Carl Emil Seashore, then the head of the psychology department at the University of Iowa:
Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the State of Iowa:
Section 1. That the state board of education is hereby authorized to establish and maintain at Iowa City as an integral part of the State University, the Iowa Child Welfare Research Station, having as its objects the investigation of the best scientific methods of conserving and developing the normal child, the dissemination of the information acquired by such investigation, and the training of students for work in such fields.
Section 2. That the management and control of such station shall be vested in a director appointed by the said board of education, and an advisory board of seven members to be appointed by the president of the university from the faculty of the graduate college of said university.
Section 3. That there is hereby appropriated out of the money in the state treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars annually hereafter, for the maintenance of such a station and the furtherance of the objects, to be expended under the direction of said board of education.
—Quoted from "Child-placing in Families"

</doc>
<doc id="20923946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923946" title="Ciborium">
Ciborium

Ciborium may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20923959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923959" title="East Springfield">
East Springfield

East Springfield may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="20923967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20923967" title="Fox Hollies">
Fox Hollies

Fox Hollies is an area of Birmingham, England, situated on the edge of Acocks Green district. It is named after the Fox Hollies Hall estate.
It roughly includes the area around Fox Hollies Road (part of the A4040 Outer Ring Road), stretching from Acocks Green in the north, to Hall Green in the south. A showpiece housing estate was built to the east of Fox Hollies Road in the 1920s, around Fox Hollies Park. There was also a pub called the Fox Hollies at the junction of Fox Hollies Road and Olton Boulevard East, but this closed in 1997 and has since been demolished to make way for a supermarket.
Until 2004, one of the Birmingham City Council wards was named Fox Hollies. This area is now divided between the Acocks Green and Springfield wards.
The area is served by Spring Road railway station on the Birmingham to Stratford Line, and by several bus routes including the 11A/11C Outer Circle.

</doc>
<doc id="20924000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20924000" title="Harold James Dyos">
Harold James Dyos

Harold James Dyos (1921-1978) was a British historian, known for his contributions to urban history. He wrote many essays addressing the issue of urbanization.
Career.
He graduated B.A. from the London School of Economics in 1949, and gained a Ph.D. there in 1952. He taugh his entire career at the University of Leicester.
He was promoted to Professor of Urban History at the University of Leicester in 1973, but it was a personal title; there was no department of urban history. He founded the "Urban History Newsletter" in 1963. The "Newsletter" was largely replaced by the "Urban History Yearbook" from 1974, which later became "Urban History". His students included David Reeder; he influenced others, including David Cannadine.
He wrote historiographical essays and occasional case studies, especially on the Victorian slum. His joint essay with Reeder "Slums and Suburbs" postulated a relationship at the level of flows of capital between the appearance, often rapid, of central urban slums, and the development of the peripheral suburbs of a city.
He became Chairman of The Victorian Society in 1976, succeeding Nikolaus Pevsner.

</doc>
<doc id="20924007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20924007" title="Gee Girls">
Gee Girls

The Gee Girls is a Filipino dance group on the noontime variety/game show "Masayang Tanghali Bayan".

</doc>
<doc id="20924020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20924020" title="Frogs of New Zealand">
Frogs of New Zealand

Frogs of New Zealand are either from the "Leiopelma" genus endemic to the country or are one of the three extant introduced species.
Unique characteristics.
Members of the genus Leiopelma exhibit a number of basal traits that separate them from most other species. These traits include: vestigial tail-wagging muscles, cartilaginous inscriptional ribs, the presence of amphicoelous vertebrae, and nine presachral vertebrae (most frogs have eight). In addition, Leiopelma lack external ear drums and produce only limited vocalizations.
Species.
Native.
Extinct species are:

</doc>
<doc id="20924023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20924023" title="Rizwan Hussain">
Rizwan Hussain

Rizwan Hussain ( "Rezwan Husein") is a Bangladeshi-born British barrister (called to the Bar at Lincoln's Inn), television presenter and an international humanitarian worker. He is also a former Hindi music singer and producer and is best known for being a television presenter on Islamic programs on Islam Channel and Channel S.
Background.
Hussain was born in Bangladesh, and moved to the United Kingdom at a very young age with his parents. His parents settled in Loughborough, Charnwood, Leicestershire. His late father was a retired soldier of the British Army.
Education.
Hussain studied at the University of Derby where he studied Law and then at the Inns of Court School of Law in London, he studied to become a Barrister and was called to the Bar at Lincolns Inn 2006. Subsequently, he went on to qualify as a lecturer at the Nottingham Trent University by completing a PGCE in FE. He is currently undertaking a research LLM (Masters) on the subject of Anti-Terrorism legislation in the UK at the University of Huddersfield.
Career.
Hussain is a Lecturer of Law who has worked as a Human Rights Lawyer. He has so far has been a Lecturer of Laws, Police Officer, Journalist, Actor and Singer. He is a television presenter on two channels on the Sky Digital platform, and is known for presenting Islamic and charity shows.
In the late 1990s, Hussain mainly became interested in music, and began performing under the band name “Sargam” and eventually became known as songwriter of popular albums, which includes B-Boy, featuring songs such as "Harr Pal Mujko" and "Jaan". He has appeared on the top Asian music shows on Vectone TV and ATN Global. During his music career, he had a hit single in the UK’s Asian charts, which he was performing at various notable stadiums such as Wembley Arena in London, White Pearl in Birmingham and also in Scotland at the Central Park Glasgow.
Media and charity work.
In 2005, after performing the Hajj, Hussain later left his music career and decided to work with Islamic-oriented channels, and charity organisations such as Muslim Aid, Muslim Charity and Islamic Relief on presenting many charity events on Islam Channel and Channel S. On Islam Channel, he is a Presenter, Producer and Documentary director, and currently presents a show called, ‘National Qir’at Competition’ - a children’s program. On Channel S, he has presented Islam Essentials, which gives answers to people’s questions regarding on Islam in English and Bengali, as well as flagship contemporary youth discussion show "“Thinking Allowed.”"
Hussain travelled to Bangladesh, during the aftermath of Cyclone Sidr in 2008 which left millions homeless, with Muslim Aid to assist the team to deliver the water, food and clothing goods to the communities that have been greatly affected, alongside with Abdul Jolil Miah and Sheikh Abdur Rahman Madani.
In the beginning of January 2010, he went to Somalia to undertake few humanitarian and relief projects with Muslim Charity. He recently returned from Bangladesh after organising some projects for Muslim Charity in Sylhet.
He has covered Hajj programmes LIVE from Makkah with Islam Channel since 2006 and has had the opportunity of completing Hajj 5 times (up to 2010) and a combination of Umrah and Hajj trips totalling to 16 since 1996.
International travels for charity work.
Since 2005, Hussain has travelled to many countries in the world, mainly in relation to charity work and media coverage. These include; Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, Indonesia, Somaliland, Sudan (Darfur), Canada, Australia, Malaysia,Spain, Italy & Siciliy, Portugal, Germany, Sweden, Turkey, South Africa, France, Belgium.
He is currently the founding member and Secretary General of the newly formed European Council of Mosques, an initiative to create a common platform for fundraising for Mosques throughout Europe.
Attacked in Bangladesh.
In 14 April 2008, Hussain was assaulted by Bangladeshi airport officials at the Shahjalal International Airport in Dhaka. He was assisting an elderly woman with her daughter who had ticket problems, but entered a restricted part of the airport. He was then suspected of human trafficking by the officials, and was taken into a room, and beaten up for up to 55 minutes by the security officers, which later he was forced to sign a false statement, admitting to be involved with human trafficking. The effects of the attack includes broken bones of his right leg and left arms, and bruises to most of his upper body, and was unable to walk.
An investigation was carried out of the incident, which resulted in the suspension and arrests of the officers involved in the attack, and there was much campaign against the attack by the Bangladeshi community in the UK, with media attention by Channel S, and on 26 April 2008 demonstrations were held at Altab Ali Park near Brick Lane and Whitechapel, campaigned by the Bangladesh Human Rights Coalition, with petitions being signed online, demanding the trials of the officers, and apologies from the Caretaker government and the military.
Personal life.
Hussain currently resides in East Ham, London. His mother resides in Loughborough with his older brother Iqbal Ullah and his younger sister Sirina Choudhury. He lives with his youngest sister Ruhena Ullah and oldest brother Jakir Ullah. He has 2 brothers and 2 sisters. 

</doc>
