<doc id="20133459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133459" title="Veronica Mars (season 3)">
Veronica Mars (season 3)

The third and final season of "Veronica Mars", an American drama television series created by Rob Thomas, began airing on The CW in the United States on October 3, 2006. The season was produced by Warner Bros. Television, Silver Pictures Television, Stu Segall Productions, Inc and Rob Thomas Productions, and Joel Silver, Diane Ruggiero and Thomas served as executive producers. The third season comprises 20 episodes and concluded its initial airing on May 22, 2007.
The season continues the story of Veronica Mars (Kristen Bell), now a freshman studying at Hearst College while moonlighting as a private investigator under the wing of her detective father. The first mystery is established when her friend Parker Lee (Julie Gonzalo) becomes the latest victim of the Hearst serial rapist in a storyline begun in a second-season episode. Feeling guilty for not helping her, Veronica sets herself to catching the rapist. The next mystery, a murder, commences in the same episode that the identity of the rapist is discovered.
To increase viewership, the third season format was changed to include two separate mysteries that would be introduced and resolved in a series of non-overlapping story arcs. Three of the regulars in the second season were written out of the series, two new characters were introduced and two others were upgraded from recurring roles. The third season received generally mixed critical reviews compared to previous seasons.
Cast.
The third season features a cast of ten actors who receive billing, an increase from the nine actors in the second. Kristen Bell portrays the titular Veronica Mars, a college student and skilled private detective. Jason Dohring plays Logan Echolls, Veronica's love interest. Ryan Hansen plays Logan's obnoxious friend Dick Casablancas. Percy Daggs III portrays Wallace Fennel, Veronica's best friend and frequent partner in solving mysteries. Francis Capra portrays Eli "Weevil" Navarro, the previous leader of the Pacific Coast Highway (PCH) biker gang and Veronica's friend. Enrico Colantoni plays Veronica's father Keith Mars, a private investigator and former Balboa County Sheriff. 
Cindy "Mac" Mackenzie and Don Lamb, recurring characters in the first two seasons, were upgraded to series regulars in the third. Mac, portrayed by Tina Majorino, was a computer expert befriended by Veronica. Lamb, portrayed by Michael Muhney, was the Balboa County Sheriff who won the office from Keith in the recall election. The third season introduces two new series regulars, Julie Gonzalo portrays Parker Lee and Chris Lowell plays Stosh "Piz" Piznarski. Piz, named after the director of the pilot, Mark Piznarski, was created so that Veronica could have a male friend of middle-class status rather than of upper-class. He is Wallace's roommate and a friend of Veronica, and his campus radio show serves as a narrative device to capture the mood of the university. Parker is Mac's extroverted roommate at Hearst College and "everything that is not", according to Thomas.
Regular characters who did not return for the third season were Duncan Kane (played by Teddy Dunn), who left the country with his daughter midway through the second season, Jackie Cook (Tessa Thompson), who returned to New York, and Cassidy Casablancas (Kyle Gallner), who committed suicide in the season two finale.
Release.
Critical reception.
Reviews of the third season were mixed compared to the previous two seasons. Maureen Ryan of the "Chicago Tribune" praised Bell's performance, who she said deserved the "truckload of glowing press notices for her work as the tightly wound, emotionally resilient young detective". Ryan thought Veronica's relationship with Keith was "one of the best, if not the best, parent-child relationship on television", and described Logan and Veronica's on-screen chemistry as "sizzling". Stephanie Zacharek of Salon.com felt that although the third season "wasn't the strongest", it did show that "Veronica Mars" "could not only survive but continue to find ways to reinvigorate itself". Zacharek liked newcomer Piz, and realized how much she was going to miss the character Dick. Melanie McFarland of the "Seattle Post-Intelligencer" felt that "Veronica Mars" "easily has a few more seasons left in it", and described the writing as "unfailingly hysterical and clever". McFarland praised the cast as "without a doubt one of the most likable on television", and called Dohring "the most beloved of the bunch".
Keith McDuffee of TV Squad deemed the season "disappointing", mainly because the episodes offered nothing new: "most fans of "Veronica Mars" felt that season three was clearly its weakest". Eric Goldman of IGN said that the main issue was the shift in the overall tone, with a lighter feeling than the previous seasons. Goldman believed that Logan had been most affected by the tone change; he was robbed of his darker aspects and changed into an "increasingly extraneous character". The reviewer felt that despite the concerns over the final five episodes, the series ended with "three very strong episodes, with lots of strong dialogue". Goldman concluded that although third season "was very choppy", it still had "plenty of witty dialogue and a continually engaging performance by Kristen Bell as the title character". The "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" opined that "Veronica Mars" had taken a dive "creatively", from "the mopier version of its theme song to stalled storylines". The reviewer felt that "the arcing mysteries had grown less convincing and compelling as time went on and were too drawn out". Fox News Channel's Bridget Byrne pointed out that Veronica had "gone from punky to—dare we say—preppy" in the third season.
Ratings and awards.
The third season premiere was watched by 3.36 million American viewers, an increase from the 2.42 million viewers who viewed the second season finale. Ratings remained stable for the first ten episodes, and the ninth episode featured the most viewers of the season with 3.44 million. Beginning with the eleventh episode, ratings dropped to a consistent viewership of a mid-2 million per episode, and the final episode before the hiatus was watched by 2.66 million viewers. When the series returned from its hiatus, viewers had decreased to 2.35 million, and the final two episodes garnered only 1.78 and 2.15 million viewers respectively.
The third season averaged 2.5 million viewers for all 20 episodes. Out of all regular primetime programming that aired during the 2006–2007 American television season, "Veronica Mars" ranked 138th out of 142, according to the Nielsen ratings system. The third season was nominated for two awards: Kristen Bell was nominated for the Saturn Award for Best Actress on Television, and the series was nominated for the Writers Guild of America Award for On-Air Promotion (Radio or Television).
Distribution.
The first two seasons of "Veronica Mars" aired on UPN; however, in 2006, CBS Corporation and Warner Bros. decided to merge UPN and The WB into The CW. Paul Maguire, the spokesman for The CW, said that the series was picked up because "the critics are behind it and our research has consistently shown that "Gilmore" shared more audience commonality with Veronica than with any other show from UPN, except "Top Model"". 
The third season was released in the US under the title "Veronica Mars: The Complete Third Season" as a widescreen six-disc Region 1 DVD box set on October 23, 2007, Region 2 on December 12, 2008, and Region 4 on February 11, 2009. In addition to all of the aired episodes, DVD extras included unaired scenes with introductions by Rob Thomas, a gag reel, and a webisode gallery with cast interviews and various set tours. Also included were the featurettes, "Going Undercover with Rob Thomas" commentary and "Pitching Season 4", an interview with Thomas discussing a new direction for the series that picks up years later, with Veronica as a rookie FBI agent.
The third season was simulcast in Canada by Fox 44. The series had previously been broadcast in Canada by the CTV Television Network and Sun TV. Despite airing the series to low ratings in the previous seasons, the United Kingdom's Living decided to air the series' third season. Network Ten began airing the third season in Australia on March 30, 2007. The series went on hiatus after the fourth episode on April 20, 2007, and resumed on the newly created Ten HD in 2008. The finale was aired on April 8, 2008. The third season was broadcast in New Zealand by TV2.
Cancellation and future.
At the 2007 CW Upfront, Ostroff announced that "Veronica Mars" was not part of the new primetime lineup and was "not coming back". When asked if the series could continue with the FBI concept, Ostroff said that the series was completely gone "in any form". Upon the cancellation of the series, a group of fans calling themselves the "Cloud Watchers" sent more than 10,000 Mars bars to the CW, hoping that the network would reverse its decision and renew the series.
Thomas stated that he was interested in writing a feature film based on the series, in the interest of providing closure to the storylines and character arcs. In September 2008, Thomas told "Entertainment Weekly" that "I thought I had the idea broken, but I've hit a wall in the final act that I haven't quite figured out". Thomas explained that he was very busy writing for "Cupid" and "Party Down", both of which he created. In January 2009, "TV Guide" reported that the film was Thomas' first priority after "Cupid". Thomas noted that as well as writing the script, someone would need to pay for the film, but indicated that producer Joel Silver was ready to green-light the film. In late March, Thomas stated that although the film was not green-lit by the studio, the possibility was still there. Thomas revealed that the film would take place before Veronica's graduation, and feature Wallace, Logan, Mac and Weevil.
A film continuation, to be released in early 2014, was confirmed after a successful Kickstarter campaign launched by Rob Thomas which raised over $5.7 million.
Episodes.
Veronica is still living at home with her father Keith, and Piz and Parker are introduced as the respective roommates of Veronica's friends Wallace and Mac. Weevil takes a job at Hearst as a maintenance man, while Lamb continues to serve as Sheriff. During the season, Keith begins an affair with a married client, Wallace struggles to balance academics and sports, Mac begins dating again after previous failed relationships, and Dick has a breakdown and appeals to Logan for help. The season chronicles Veronica and Logan's failing attempts to maintain their relationship in the face of Veronica's mistrust.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20133506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133506" title="David Wayne (disambiguation)">
David Wayne (disambiguation)

David Wayne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20133629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133629" title="Hawaiian Islands Land Trust">
Hawaiian Islands Land Trust

The Hawaiian Islands Land Trust (HILT) is a non-profit organization established ""To protect the lands that sustain us for current and future generations."" The organization works with landowners to protect areas identified as culturally or environmentally extraordinary by preventing commercial or other development. Typically the landowner provides a conservation easement to the land. Alternatively HILT may purchase the property.
History.
HILT was formed by merging separate organizations on each of Hawaii's main islands and as of 2011, operates state-wide.

</doc>
<doc id="20133633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133633" title="Fireproof (Dawn Landes album)">
Fireproof (Dawn Landes album)

Fireproof is an album by American singer-songwriter dawn Landes. The album was released January 2008 in Europe on Fargo Records, and March 4, 2008 in the United States on Cooking Vinyl Records.
The song "You Alone" was featured in the 2005 film Winter Passing.

</doc>
<doc id="20133642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133642" title="Jeff Kelly">
Jeff Kelly

Jeff Kelly (born (September 7, 1979) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League He now is head coach of the Saraland High School Spartans, and has compiled a record of 20-10 (2-2 in playoff games).

</doc>
<doc id="20133646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133646" title="B'Sheva">
B'Sheva

"B'Sheva" (, "At Seven") is a weekly Hebrew language newspaper published in Israel. 
The first issue of B'sheva, published by Arutz Sheva, appeared on July 19, 2002. It is distributed free on Thursdays in religious population centers. The paper is read by 130,000 families and has been rated the largest circulation newspaper in Israel's religious sector. 
In a TGI survey comparing the last half of 2009 with the same period in 2008, B'Sheva was fourth in market share for weekly newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="20133652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133652" title="Vijaya">
Vijaya

Vijaya can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20133657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133657" title="Australian property market">
Australian property market

In the late 2000s, housing prices in Australia, relative to average incomes, were among the highest in the world, prompting speculation that the country was experiencing a real estate bubble, like many other countries.
In Sydney, as of March 2010, the Property Market's vacancy rate reached 0.53% signalling that the Market is recovering, as these rates had reached 2% in August 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20133660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133660" title="Upatissa">
Upatissa

Upatissa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20133688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133688" title="Kim Tae-Young (footballer born 1982)">
Kim Tae-Young (footballer born 1982)

Kim Tae-Young (Hangul: 김태영; born January 17, 1982) is a Korean professional footballer playing for Songkhla United. On November 9, 2008, he scored K-League's historic 10,000th goal against his own net.

</doc>
<doc id="20133689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133689" title="Mahasen">
Mahasen

Mahasen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20133719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133719" title="Antenna TV">
Antenna TV

Antenna TV is an American digital broadcast television network that is owned by the Tribune Broadcasting subsidiary of the Chicago-based Tribune Company, which (since November 1, 2013) also holds a 50% ownership stake in fellow multicast network This TV. The network primarily features classic television series from the 1950s to the 1990s and some feature films, with most of the network's programming coming from the Sony Pictures Entertainment library, along with a few shows from the Universal Studios and post-1986 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer libraries.
The network is available in many media markets via digital subchannels of over-the-air broadcast television stations, and on select cable television providers through a local affiliate of the network. Antenna TV broadcasts 24 hours a day in 480i standard definition.
Background.
Tribune Broadcasting announced the formation of Antenna TV on August 30, 2010, with a planned target date of January 2011 for its launch; the network was originally intended to launch on January 3, 2011, though the launch date was later pushed two days ahead of schedule.
Antenna TV was launched on January 1, 2011 at midnight Eastern Time (the late evening of December 31, 2010 in other U.S. time zones), initially debuting on 17 Tribune-owned stations and 13 stations owned by Local TV (an Oak Hill Capital Partners-controlled holding company that Tribune had been co-managing since 2008 and was purchased by Tribune in December 2013); The first program to air on Antenna TV was the "Three Stooges'" first short "Woman Haters" as part of a marathon of short films involving the comedy trio (which has since become an annual New Year's Day tradition on the network). The network's operations are overseen by Sean Compton, who serves as the president of programming for parent company Tribune Broadcasting.
On October 1, 2011, Antenna TV introduced block scheduling for most of its programs, organized by genre and the decade of their original broadcast; it included a weekday afternoon block of sitcoms from the 1950s, a weekend afternoon block of 1960s sitcoms (including the early 1970s comedy, "The Partridge Family"), a Saturday night lineup of drama series (a genre of television programs which had previously aired on the network in very limited form on Sunday mornings only), an overnight block of classic television series from the black-and-white era of the 1950s and early 1960s, a Sunday prime-time lineup of sitcoms from the 1990s and a weeknight prime-time lineup of comedies from the 1970s; with the exception of the black-and-white program block (which was reduced to once a week and moved to Friday nights, where it remained – except for a brief sabbatical from January to April 2013 – until being dropped completely in November 2013) and the Saturday night drama block (which was reduced to Saturday evenings only), most of these blocks were dropped on March 26, 2012.
Programming.
Antenna TV's program schedule relies on the extensive library of films and television programming currently owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment, which comprises more than 270 television series and over 4,000 films. The network does not air a split-screen credit sequence (one of only two Tribune television properties not to do so, alongside the part-owned Food Network) or feature voice-overs promoting upcoming programs on the network during the closing credits (borrowing a format common in local broadcast syndication), nor does it display an on-screen logo bug during its programs, although affiliates are inclined to display their own on-screen logo bug during Antenna TV programming if they choose to incorporate it. Antenna TV also runs marathons of its series and film content on major national holidays as well as during the Super Bowl (movie marathons only run during Valentine's Day, Memorial Day, Veterans Day and the date of the Super Bowl, with series airing in marathon form on other occasions).
As is common with digital multicast networks, advertisements featured during commercial breaks on Antenna TV primarily consist of direct response advertisements for products featured in infomercials and particularly during its Saturday morning children's programming, public service announcements; satellite provider Dish Network and insurance company Progressive are currently the network's primary national sponsors. The network's primary continuity announcer is disc jockey and voice actor Gary Owens of "Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In" fame, who has been with the network since its launch; voice actor John B. Wells, also co-host of Premiere Networks' syndicated radio program "Coast to Coast AM", has served a secondary continuity announcer for Antenna TV since November 2011.
Classic television series.
Antenna TV has program licensing agreements with Sony Pictures Entertainment (which includes series produced by Columbia Pictures Television, TriStar Television, Columbia TriStar Television, Screen Gems, and ELP Communications – including predecessors Tandem Productions, T.A.T. Communications and Embassy Communications) and DLT Entertainment. The network also shares broadcast rights to classic television programs from the NBCUniversal Television Distribution library with competing digital broadcast network Weigel Broadcasting-owned Me-TV, which holds primary broadcast rights (with Antenna TV gaining access to Universal's program library in the fall of 2011, after those shows were removed from the Retro Television Network) and rights to select program titles from MGM Television (which includes series produced by Filmways) with Antenna TV sister network This TV. In addition, Antenna TV also airs "WKRP in Cincinnati", which is part of the 20th Television library (Me-TV also holds primary rights to classic television series from 20th Television's program library).
The network's series programming primarily covers sitcoms – along with some select drama series – from the 1950s to the 1990s and includes shows such as "The Partridge Family", "Flipper", "All in the Family", "Diff'rent Strokes", "Bewitched", "McHale's Navy", "Sanford and Son", "The George Burns and Gracie Allen Show", "The Monkees", "I Dream of Jeannie", "The Adventures of Rin Tin Tin", "Mister Ed", "Good Times" and "The Three Stooges" (unlike with cable channels AMC and IFC, Antenna TV airs each of the shorts, which each air in roughly 20-minute blocks, uninterrupted with commercial breaks inserted only between the shorts; although Three Stooges films that air as part of the "Antenna TV Theater" block air with commercial interruption); while several series on the network have been widely syndicated on other television outlets in the United States and abroad, some series featured on the network (such as "Hazel", "Bachelor Father" and "Father Knows Best") have not been seen on television for several years.
Drama series, which occupied a limited amount of the network's schedule for the first few months on the air, later expanded with an October 2011 programming realignment, with crime drama, mystery and suspense programs airing in an evening block on Saturdays, which included "It Takes a Thief", "Adam-12", "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "S.W.A.T." and "Suspense Theater"; some of these programs are also aired during the week in limited form during the late afternoon and overnight hours. The Saturday drama block was dropped in September 2012, with drama series on Saturdays being moved to the late afternoon hours and movies replacing them on Saturday nights. In a rarity for television, Antenna TV has rotated a television series and its spinoffs on its schedule in the same hour, such as airing the shorter-lived spinoffs of "Three's Company" ("The Ropers" and "Three's a Crowd") with the parent show airing alongside either once they debut on the schedule.
Movies.
As of November 2013, Antenna TV broadcasts feature films Monday-Fridays from 7-11 a.m., Fridays from 8 p.m.-12 a.m. and Saturday nights from 8 p.m.-3 a.m. Eastern Time (sometimes starting earlier or ending later depending on the length of the films), branded under the title of "Antenna TV Theater". In addition to access to television series owned by Sony Pictures Television, the agreement with Sony Pictures Entertainment also includes access to movies from the film library of the Columbia TriStar Motion Picture Group (including Columbia Pictures, TriStar Pictures, Sony Pictures Classics, Screen Gems, Triumph Films, and the television rights to the Embassy Pictures library). The film roster does not concentrate on films from any specific era, meaning any film from the 1930s to as late as the early 2000s can be featured on the network's schedule.
Since January 2014, the network has begun to share film content with sister network This TV (which specializes in feature and made-for-home-video films); at times, a film that aired on Antenna TV during its weekday morning and weekend evening film blocks will air on This TV on the same day or during the same week in a different timeslot than that which it was scheduled on Antenna TV.
Children's programming.
Antenna TV also airs three hours of programming aimed at children on Saturday mornings, consisting of shows such as "Animal Rescue", "Swap TV" and "Word Travels", which make up the FCC-required minimum amount of educational children's programming each week.
Affiliates.
Tribune planned to launch Antenna TV in all markets served by a station owned by Tribune Broadcasting, along with stations owned by Local TV as part of that group's co-management agreement with Tribune until that group was acquired at the end of 2013 by Tribune. Tribune's flagship station WGN-TV serves as the de facto flagship station of the network. In the Denver and St. Louis markets, where Tribune holds a duopoly of two stations in each market, the network airs on the digital subchannels of Fox affiliates KDVR and KTVI, rather than on CW affiliates KWGN-TV and KPLR-TV in order to address bandwidth concerns as Fox stations transmit their main signals by default in 720p, which allows plenty of room for a subchannel, while the main channels of CW stations are usually transmitted in the higher resolution 1080i format.
However, not all of the charter affiliates added Antenna TV programming on their digital signals on the network's launch date due to reconfiguration of their bandwidth or assurance local cable carriage was lined up when they launched the network locally. Salt Lake City Fox affiliate KSTU, Des Moines NBC affiliate WHO-TV (both owned by Local TV) and Washington, D.C. CW affiliate WDCW (owned by Tribune) debuted the network on their digital subchannels later in the month of January 2011; while Oklahoma City NBC affiliate KFOR-TV did not carry the network until April 21, 2011 on a new third digital subchannel (it has since been moved to that station's second subchannel). The final Tribune/Local TV market to add the network was Fort Smith, Arkansas on January 5, 2012, where the network began to be carried on Fayetteville-based MyNetworkTV affiliate KXNW as an overnight secondary service; Antenna TV was unable to launch in the market before the KXNW purchase due to existing syndicated programming rights on sister CBS affiliate KFSM-TV's MyNetworkTV-affiliated second subchannel (which now acts as a KXNW simulcast) and a 1080i signal which precluded a launch of a third subchannel without affecting picture quality.
The network is offered to prospective affiliates on a barter basis, an agreement in which the station will get the programming at little or no cost in exchange for giving a certain amount of commercial time to the network. Despite this barter offer, some large television markets without stations owned by Tribune have yet to acquire the network. Some affiliates such as KTLA aired previews of Antenna TV prior to the launch date on their primary channel. In the wake of Universal Sports being discontinued on broadcast television on January 1, 2012, most of these stations have signed affiliation agreements with Antenna (or Me-TV) as a replacement service.
Not every program on the Antenna TV lineup is seen in every locality; as an example, in the Los Angeles area, KTLA's Antenna TV subchannel replaced the hour-long block of "Married... with Children" (which was seen at 8 p.m. local time until November 2013, in an earlier time slot, but airing simultaneously as the remainder of the country as Antenna TV operates only on an Eastern Time Zone schedule), with a rebroadcast of that station's weeknight 6 p.m. newscast due to rights held by another local outlet (in this case, currently, independent station KDOC-TV has to the local rights to the sitcom), though it was only affected Monday through Thursdays. When the sitcom "Soap" was added to the network's lineup in May 2011 during "Married...'s" original run on Antenna TV, the Sunday night rebroadcast of KTLA's early evening newscast was removed, and "Soap" was cleared to air locally (the news rebroadcast on KTLA-DT2 returned in April 2012).
So far, Antenna TV has had only one instance of switching affiliates in the same market. In Honolulu, Hawaii, KUPU was that market's original affiliate. KUPU was one of only two stations carrying the network on its primary channel (the other station and the only one still doing so being KXNW). Because KUPU is not available on cable television throughout the entire state of Hawaii (only the Honolulu metropolitan area), the Antenna TV affiliation moved to the second digital subchannel of NBC affiliate KHNL in May 2012, which has widespread cable penetration.

</doc>
<doc id="20133722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133722" title="United States House of Representatives elections in Indiana, 2002">
United States House of Representatives elections in Indiana, 2002

The 2002 congressional elections in Indiana were elections for Indiana's delegation to the United States House of Representatives, which occurred along with congressional elections nationwide on November 5, 2002. Republicans held a majority of Indiana's delegation, 6-4, before the elections. The districts were redrawn prior to the 2002 elections, reducing the number of districts by 1. Democrat Tim Roemer of the 2nd district retired, leaving the seat vacant. Republicans picked up the 2nd district seat, gaining a 6-3 advantage following the elections.
Results.
The following are the final results from the Secretary of State of Indiana.
Overview.
District 1.
This district includes a small strip of northwest Indiana. The district has been one of the most Democratic in Indiana.
District 2.
This district is centered on South Bend, Indiana and the Indiana portion of the Michiana region.
District 3.
This district is located in the northeast corner of Indiana and has a large population center in Fort Wayne.
District 4.
This district is located in west-central Indiana. Located within the district is the city of West Lafayette and many suburban towns.
District 5.
This district located mostly north of Indianapolis, including the largest suburbs of Indianapolis in Hamilton County.
District 6.
This district takes in a large portion of eastern Indiana, including the cities of Muncie, Anderson, and Richmond.
District 7.
This district is in the heart of Central Indiana and encompasses most of Marion County/Indianapolis.
District 8.
Population centers of Evansville and Terre Haute are located within its limits along with numerous other small towns.
District 9.
This district is located in southeast Indiana. The largest city located within the district is Bloomington followed by Columbus, New Albany, Jeffersonville, and Clarksville.

</doc>
<doc id="20133741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133741" title="Shaktinagar, Uttar Pradesh">
Shaktinagar, Uttar Pradesh

Shaktinagar is a small town in Sonbhadra, Mirzapur Division, Uttar Pradesh near Varanasi, India.The Pin Code of Shaktinagar is 231222. NTPC plant of 2000MW thermal energy generation capacity.The NTPC's PLF (plant load factor) is high at around 98% and it is the mother plant of NTPC all over India. It was established in 1975 and started its operations in 1980 with 7 units operating (200MW * 5 and 500MW * 2). The source of water it uses is the Rihand Dam and the source of coal is the NCL mines around Shaktinagar like Jayant, Duddhichua, Nigahi, Kakri, Khadia and Bina.The coal supplies from NCL has made it possible to produce about 10515 MW of electricity from pithead power plants of National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC), Uttar Pradesh Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Ltd (UPRVUNL) and Renupower division of M/s. Hindalco Industries. The region is now called the "power capital of India". The ultimate capacity of power generation of these power plants is 13295 MW and NCL is fully prepared to meet the increased demand of coal for the purpose. In addition, NCL supplies coal to power plants of Rajasthan Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Ltd, Delhi Vidyut Board (DVB) and Haryana State Electricity Board.
About.
Some of the famous places in the town are Chilka Lake Park, Helipad, Jwala Mukhi Mandir, Shiv Mandir, Sunday Market(vegetable market opening only on Sundays), Sangam Shopping Complex and the Jawahar Lal Nehru Stadium. The town is also well connected with road services from Varanasi(206 KM ). Nearest Railway stations are Shaktinagar(3 KM), Singrauli(20 KM), Anpara(25 KM) and Krishnashila(13 km).
It also has State Bank of India which is the best branch in this region and offers all the products to the customers of this region.
For dining you can opt for Indian Coffee House(above SBI),Panchwati, Shakti Restaurant, Moti Dhabha.
Places to visit nearby are Vendam fall(110 km), Gopat, Manda stream, Manda caves(60 km), Vindhyanagar Park, shopping center etc.
Industries.
Nearby industries are NTPC Singrauli (First NTPC power plant of India), NTPC Vindhyachal, NTPC Rihand, Renusagar, Essar Energy, Reliance Power, Hindalco (Aditya Birla Group), Northern Coalfields Ltd. which provides coal to NTPC plants to generate electricity and supply it to Northern as well as the NCR region.
Education.
Schools in the town include St. Joseph School, which was established in 1978, Kendriya Vidyalaya (Central School), a Group of DAV School nearly in every project of Northern Coalfields Limited like DAV Bina, DAV Khadia, DAV Jayant, DAV Nigahi and many more, Vivekanand Vidyalaya, Lions School and GIC.
Suryodaya(1973) one of the oldest shop in town, helps school, colleges(Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth),AISECT Computer Institute,Bus Stand,Mob-9452635240 and other educational institutes with the educational elements/materials so they can perform better in the competitive world.
Connectivity.
Shaktinagar is fully connected by road to various cities through NH 75, SH 5A and is also connected directly via Trains like: 
Triveni Express (Bareilly To Shaktinagar), Singrauli-Varanasi Intercity (Singrauli to Varanasi), Singrauli-Jabalpur Intercity (Singrauli to Jabalpur) and Shaktinagar Passenger (Shaktinagar to Chopan).

</doc>
<doc id="20133751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133751" title="Robert Hurt (politician)">
Robert Hurt (politician)

Robert Hurt (born June 16, 1969) is the U.S. Representative for , serving since January 2011. He is a member of the Republican Party. The district stretches from Charlottesville to Southside and west to Bedford and Franklin counties. Prior to joining Congress, Hurt was a state senator and delegate, councilman and attorney.
Hurt was born in New York City and raised in Chatham, Virginia. After graduating from Hampden-Sydney College and Mississippi College School of Law, Hurt served as a chief assistant Commonwealth’s Attorney for Pittsylvania County, Virginia from 1996 to 1999. Afterwards, he worked as an attorney for the firm H. Victor Millner, Jr. P.C. in Chatham from 1999 to 2008 and opened his own law firm in 2008.
Hurt's political career began with his election to the Chatham Town Council. A year later, he was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates and served three terms. In 2007, Hurt was elected to the Senate of Virginia. In October 2009, Hurt announced that he would run for the U.S. Representative seat for the 5th congressional district in Virginia. After easily winning the primary, Hurt was elected to the House of Representatives, defeating the incumbent Democrat, Tom Perriello.
Early life, education, and law career.
Hurt was born in New York City, where he lived for about nine years. His father, Henry Hurt, was a journalist and editor for "Reader's Digest". In 1986, Henry wrote a book questioning the findings of the Warren Commission called "Reasonable Doubt: An Investigation into the Assassination of John F. Kennedy". Hurt was raised in Chatham, Virginia, attended Hargrave Military Academy and graduated from Episcopal High School in Alexandria. He earned a bachelor's degree in English from Hampden-Sydney College in 1991 and a law degree from Mississippi College School of Law in 1995. Hurt also graduated from the Sorensen Institute for Political Leadership program in 2000. He served as a chief assistant Commonwealth’s Attorney for Pittsylvania County from 1996 to 1999. From 1999 to 2008, Robert worked in a general law practice with the firm of H. Victor Millner, Jr. P.C. in Chatham. In 2008, Robert opened up his own law practice in Chatham. Hurt is a member of the Kappa Sigma Fraternity.
Early political career.
Hurt began his political career as a member of the Chatham Town Council. He was elected with 82 percent of the vote. Hurt was first elected to the House of Delegates in 2001 and served three terms. He represented the 16th District, which includes part of Henry County. He was elected and re-elected to the House of Delegates with at least 62 percent of the vote. He cited bringing the New College Institute and the Virginia Museum of Natural History as accomplishments that he and other legislators of both parties have worked together to bring to the area.
During his time as a delegate, Hurt worked to increase state funding for K-12 education and increase the safety of Virginia’s children through membership on the Courts of Justice Committee and the Youth Internet Safety Taskforce. Hurt voted two dozen times to cut taxes and supported 28 bills in the General Assembly that sought to reduce taxes on food, gas, cigarettes, cars, real estate, computer sales and other items. In 2004, Hurt voted in favor of a $1.4 billion tax increase to narrow the gap in Virginia’s budget. Hurt stated that the increase was essential, based on the information lawmakers had at the time, to refrain from a government shutdown over a budget impasse and has since stated regret over the vote.
In November 2007, Hurt was elected to the Senate of Virginia, winning 75 percent of the vote. Hurt represented the 19th district, which includes the city of Danville, Pittsylvania and Franklin counties, and part of Campbell county.
U.S. House of Representatives.
Elections.
On October 7, 2009, Hurt officially declared himself a candidate for . The district stretches from Charlottesville to Southside Virginia and west to Bedford and Franklin counties. Hurt was the Republican establishment candidate in the primary and was not received well by the Tea Party. On June 8, 2010, Hurt won the Republican nomination with a plurality in a crowded field of six other candidates. All of Hurt's opponents in the primary endorsed him. A local Tea Party Leader said his group would "unite behind" and "support" Hurt.
Hurt campaigned against Democratic incumbent Tom Perriello and Independent candidate Jeffrey Clark in the general election. Republicans viewed his as a pickup opportunity and poured resources into the race. Perriello was listed as one of the 10 most vulnerable House incumbents by "Roll Call". Hurt was a member of the National Republican Congressional Committee's "Young Guns" program.
On June 12, Hurt stated that he would "absolutely" participate in debates that included all the candidates, including Independent candidate Clark. Just days later, Hurt stated that he would not debate Clark. Although the statement was made in response to a direct query from a reporter as to whether he would debate Clark, Hurt’s campaign later tried to justify their position by insisting this was untrue. Hurt skipped the first debate which was organized by the Senior Statesmen of Virginia, becoming the first candidate to skip the forum since it started in 1996. In addition to the first debate, Hurt skipped two subsequent debates one sponsored by the Chamber of Commerce in Nelson County and another hosted by American Legion Post 325 in Danville making a total of three skipped debates.
Hurt campaigned on his opposition to the Democratic-backed initiatives that Perriello supported, such as health-care reform, the economic stimulus package and clean energy legislation. On August 20, Hurt released his first television ad. Hurt's first television ad stated that he would fight tax increases, stop Washington’s spending and start creating jobs, however he never mentions his opponent. "You definitely see that he’s running against Congress as a whole and Democrats as a whole," Isaac Wood, an analyst at the University of Virginia Center for Politics, said. "That was very clear. He spent just a few seconds introducing himself, then pivoted right away to attack the negative things happening in D.C. With voters, that can be effective." Another ad from Hurt called Perriello a "rubber stamp" for the policies of President Barack Obama and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. Hurt won with 51 percent of the vote.
Hurt was challenged by Democratic nominee John Douglass, a retired United States Air Force Brigadier General and former Assistant Secretary of the Navy. Hurt won re-election to a second term on November 6, 2012.
Tenure.
After his win, Hurt submitted a formal letter of resignation from the Virginia General Assembly to Governor Bob McDonnell that would be effective on January 5, the day Hurt was sworn into Congress. Hurt voted to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act which successfully passed the House. In February, Hurt criticized President Barack Obama's $3.73 trillion 2012 federal budget proposal for its excessive spending and borrowing. Hurt would vote to pass a $1.2 trillion bill that would cut the year's budget federal budget by $61 billion. On April 8, Hurt voted for a continuing resolution that prevented the government from shutting down that day. Hurt expressed support for Paul Ryan's budget plan that month as well. On July 19, Hurt voted for the Cut, Cap and Balance Act. On August 1, Hurt voted for the Budget Control Act of 2011 that raised the debt ceiling and cut spending by $2.1 trillion over the next 10 years. Hurt co-sponsored a bill that would prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from cracking down on farm dust. The bill passed the House on December 8.
Virginia Citizens Defense League, a pro-gun organization, gave Hurt an 78% approval rating. Asked if he supports the purchase and possession of guns, Hurt has consistently affirmed his support for gun rights.
Hurt has traditionally voted for legislation that restricts abortion. Virginia Society for Human Rights gave him a 100% approval rating. Planned Parenthood and NARAL Pro-Choice have consistently given him 0% approval ratings every year since 2002.
Equality Virginia has given him between 0% and 11% approval ratings for his position on LGBT rights.
Hurt has affirmed that he supports capital punishment for certain crimes.
Hurt cosponsored the Balanced Budget Amendment, which did not pass the House of Representatives in November 2011. Hurt said of the bill, “By passing a Balanced Budget Amendment, Congress will be required to spend no more than it takes in, reining in out of control spending once and for all” Hurt also sponsored the Small Business Capital Access and Job Preservation Act that would exempt private equity funds advisers from certain registration and reporting standards. In July, 2011 Hurt sponsored the Market Transparency and Taxpayer Protection Act which would “protect the taxpayers of the United States by requiring Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to sell or dispose of the assets of such enterprises that are not critical to their missions.” However, because very little political leverage was used to pass this legislation, it most likely will die in committee. Hurt’s position on Government regulation is clear in his statement that “By reducing the unnecessary government regulations that hinder small businesses, keeping taxes low and allowing people to keep more of what they make, and cutting spending to get our fiscal house in order, the private sector will gain the confidence necessary to expand and create the jobs that the people of the 5th District need and deserve.” 
During 2000-2010, the Virginia League of Conservation Voters gave Hurt an average approval rating of 40%. However, in 2010, when Hurt was running against incumbent Tom Perriello, the Sierra Club and League of Conservation Voters released television and radio ads against Hurt, attacking him on an alleged conflict of interest regarding uranium mining. However, the ads were deemed to be false by independent fact checkers due to the fact Robert Hurt had no personal investment in uranium mining. Hurt called on the Virginia Department of Interior secretary Ken Salazar to remove bans on off-shore drilling and development.
Hurt has made it a priority to rein in federal over-regulation on the private sector. Hurt cosponsored the Farm Dust Prevention Regulation Act, the Preserving Rural Resources Act, and the Supporting Home Owner Rights Enforcement Act. He has voted to ensure that cost-benefit analysis is applied to federal rulemaking in order to ensure that regulation will not have a negative impact on the economy or destroy jobs, and he has voted to roll back currently proposed regulations that would put many in the energy industry out of business. Hurt has been a staunch opponent to the Affordable Care Act, of which he says, “The President’s health care law represents a fundamental departure from the founding principles of our nation by placing more faith in government than in the American people and by inserting the federal government in between patients and their doctors.” 
Bills sponsored.
The following is an incomplete list of major bills sponsored by Rep. Hurt.
Electoral history.
!|Year
!|Republican
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|Democrat
!|Votes
!|Pct
!Third Party
!Party
!Votes
!Pct
!|Year
!|Republican
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|Democrat
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|Year
!|Republican
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|Democrat
!|Votes
!|Pct
!Third Party
!Party
!Votes
!Pct
Personal life.
Hurt lives in Chatham and is married to Kathryn Raine Heithaus. He has three sons, Charles, Clement and John. Hurt is a member of Chatham Presbyterian Church and Chatham Rotary Club. Also, he is a member of the Board of Directors of the New College Institute, the Virginia Bar Association’s Board of Governors, the Hampden-Sydney Wilson Center Advisory Board, the John Marshall Foundation Board, the Board of Directors of Roman Eagle Nursing Home and the board of directors of the W. E. Skelton 4-H Conference Center at Smith Mountain Lake. His brother, Charles Hurt, is the Washington bureau chief for the "New York Post". Hurt gave the commencement address at Piedmont Virginia Community College in May 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20133757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133757" title="1992 ATP German Open – Singles">
1992 ATP German Open – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20133774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133774" title="Walter of Bruges">
Walter of Bruges

Walter of Bruges (Gualterus Brugensis OFM, Gualterus de Brugge, Gauthier de Bruges OM, Gualterus de Brugis, Gualterus de Brüge, Walter von Brügge) was a Franciscan theologian, who flourished at the University of Paris 1267-9.
Life.
He entered the Franciscans in Bruges in about 1240 and was sent to Paris for his studies. A student of Bonaventure, he was regent master at Paris from 1267 to 1269. He was elected minister provincial of the French province in 1269, then became bishop of Poitiers in 1279, a post which he held until 1306, when he retired because of ill health. He died the following year.
His family name was probably Van den Zande. He wrote "Sermones per totum annum" and "Excerpta ex sanctis Patribus" (Augustine, Gregory, Jerome, Ambrose, Hilary, Isadore and others) but was not widely known until the publication of "Quaestiones Disputatae". With Bonaventure, he was a teacher of Matthew of Aquasparta.
Philosophy.
As a follower of Bonaventure, Walter accepted that the existence of God is "the first truth" and therefore could not be proved "a priori". In this, the school of which he formed part differed slightly from Thomas Aquinas, who contended that "being" itself was the first object of knowledge.
Works.
His surviving works include:

</doc>
<doc id="20133775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133775" title="Quartic surface">
Quartic surface

In mathematics, especially in algebraic geometry, a quartic surface is a surface defined by an equation of degree 4.
More specifically there are two closely related types of quartic surface: affine and projective. An "affine" quartic surface is the solution set of an equation of the form
where "f" is a polynomial of degree 4, such as "f"("x","y","z") = "x"4 + "y"4 + "xyz" + "z"2 − 1. This is a surface in affine space.
On the other hand, a projective quartic surface is a surface in projective space P3 of the same form, but now "f" is a "homogeneous" polynomial of 4 variables of degree 4, so for example "f"("x","y","z","w") = "x"4 + "y"4 + "xyzw" + "z"2"w"2 − "w"4.
If the base field in R or C the surface is said to be "real" or "complex". If on the other hand the base field is finite, then it is said to be an "arithmetic quartic surface".

</doc>
<doc id="20133778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133778" title="Boris Kordemsky">
Boris Kordemsky

Boris A. Kordemsky (; 23 May 1907 – 1999) was a Russian mathematician and educator. He is best known for his popular science books and mathematical puzzles. He is the author of over 70 books and popular mathematics articles. 
Kordemsky received Ph.D. in education in 1956 and taught mathematics at several Moscow colleges. 

</doc>
<doc id="20133786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133786" title="List of banks in Israel">
List of banks in Israel

The following is a list of banks in Israel:

</doc>
<doc id="20133792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133792" title="UPMC Sports Performance Complex">
UPMC Sports Performance Complex

The UPMC Sports Performance Complex is a multipurpose, multisport training, sports science, and sports medical complex of the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. The complex is located along the shore of the Monongahela River in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and is unique in that it is the only facility in the United States housing the practice and training facilities for both a collegiate NCAA football team and a professional National Football League team, the University of Pittsburgh Panthers and Pittsburgh Steelers respectively. It is also unique in that it combines these training facilities in one location with an academically based sports science and medicine program. The complex consists of four centers which include the Center for Sports Medicine, Sports Training Center, Indoor Training Center, and the Fitness and Conditioning Center located in three buildings along with four outdoor practice fields all situated on of land. The UPMC Center for Sports Medicine located in the complex is an international destination for amateur and professional athletes alike for its training, medical, and rehabilitation studies and services.
Construction.
The UPMC Sport Performance Complex was designed by the architectural firm L. D. Astorino Associates, Ltd. Development was managed by Oxford Development Company and construction of the complex by Mascaro Construction was initiated in June 1999 and completed on September 5, 2000 although the Panthers and Steelers moved into their respective portions of the facility in August. The complex was completed at a cost reported from $30 to $80 million and, as part of Pittsburgh’s urban river-front revitalization effort, is located on the former site of the Jones & Laughlin, and later LTV, steel mill in the SouthSide Works. The MRI room had to be encased in five layers of steel plate, plus a sixth layer of copper, in order to shield the MRI machines from the nearby CSX railroad tracks. Fill was also brought in to raise the level of the land where the practice fields are by nine feet in order to keep them out of the flood plain.
The Center for Sports Medicine.
The UPMC Center for Sports Medicine, part of UPMC system flagship UPMC Presbyterian Shadyside, is one of the leading sports medicine centers in the United States and is home for the University of Pittsburgh's and UPMC's Sports Medicine program whose medical faculty is ranked 9th among the top orthopaedic programs in the nation by U.S. News & World Report. The Center is overseen by renowned orthopedic surgeon Freddie Fu, which has led to it often being referred to as "Freddie's building". In the Center for Sports Medicine building, both the Panthers and Steelers have on-site access to advanced comprehensive sports medicine care provided a team of sports medicine physicians, orthopaedic surgeons, athletic trainers and physical therapists all who specialize in all types of specific sport-related injuries. The full-time sports medicine team also includes sub-specialists in, sport psychology, sports nutrition, sports massage therapy, sports concussion and sports performance enhancement. The Center also conducts major injury prevention studies involving, for example, female knee ligament, shoulders, golf and cycling. It also serves as a research center for such areas as robotic surgery, stem cell tissue regeneration, concussion prevention and human motion.
The center’s Sports Concussion Program is directed by some of the country’s leading researchers in sports concussion management, including Mark Lovell, Ph.D., director of the NFL and NHL’s neuro-cognitive testing program. The program’s goals involve developing methods of evaluating the short- and long-term effects of concussion so that a better determination can be made as to when it is safe for an athlete to return to active sports following a concussion.
The center has private examination rooms, and on-site digital x-ray units, and an open magnetic resonance imaging unit designed specifically for the types of musculoskeletal conditions and injuries commonly seen at the center. The diagnostic imaging equipment is highlighted by UPMC-developed filmless digital radiology workstations that provide high-precision x-ray and MRI displays in each of the 34 exam rooms that is instantly accessible on-site via computerized web-based images that can be stored as well as clearly transmitted for consultation anywhere in the world.
The center’s physical therapy and rehabilitation area is fully equipped for physical therapists and athletic trainers to direct specific types of injury rehabilitation. The physical therapy and rehab area also has a 25-by-30-foot therapeutic pool and a functional gym providing athletes with functional assessment of their rehabilitation progress with their therapist on site. The training and rehabilitation gym is equipped with extensive circuit machines, free weights, and isokinetic and aerobic equipment, a plyometric training floor to help recovering athletes regain power and restore quick movement capabilities, and specialized equipment and training area to simulate an athlete’s performance requirements.
In addition to sports injury management, the center also provides a comprehensive Sports Performance Program that is individualized to each athlete, concentrating on achieving optimal athletic performance while preventing injury. The program usually begins with advanced neuro-musculoskeletal assessment in the center’s Neuromuscular Research Laboratory. Specific components of the program may include strengthening and conditioning, improving speed, agility and joint stability, identifying and managing any potential areas of weakness, injury prevention, sports massage therapy and nutrition counseling as well as sport-specific skills training. The Sports Performance Program serves a daily clientele with individualized goals for personal fitness and athletic performance ranging from world-famous elite and professional athletes to nationally known college athletes to local high school and recreational athletes. The Center also provides all of its services to many non-athletes with other types of musculoskeletal injuries related to physical activity.
Hundreds of elite athletes and famous individuals have been served at the UPMC Sport Performance Complex including, to name a few, golfer Greg Norman, Tour de France winners Miguel Indurain and Greg LeMond, wrestler Kurt Angle, hockey star Mario Lemieux, hurdler Roger Kingdom, football stars Dan Marino and Jerome Bettis, ballet star Mikhail Baryshnikov, actress Kathleen Turner, along with other athletes from the Panthers, Steelers, Duquesne Dukes, Pittsburgh Pirates, and Pittsburgh Penguins.
Indoor Practice Facility.
The indoor practice facility contains a full-size FieldTurf football field, surrounding track, a racquetball court, and a separate strengthening/conditioning area. The indoor practice facility, which reaches high at its center ridge, is almost entirely taken up by a full-size indoor football field with a goal post at each end and surrounded by a four-lane running track. Located in a separate area of the indoor practice building is a area fully equipped for the strengthening and conditioning components of the Sports Performance Program.
Panthers/Steelers Building.
The Panthers/Steelers indoor training, coaching and management building is split evenly in half, with both organizations having two floors. On the building’s first floor are the teams’ weight training and athletic training rooms; locker rooms; and a cafeteria-style kitchen and dining room. On the second floor are team meeting and film viewing rooms, coaching and administrative offices; and working media rooms.
In their half of the building, the Panthers have installed a Panther Hall of Fame and a state-of-the-art training facility, which includes the Duratz Athletic Complex, which features expansive training rooms, team meeting and film-viewing rooms, weight rooms and dining facilities. It additionally houses coaching and administrative staff offices as well as the Panthers' academic support personnel. Each Panthers coach has their own meeting room for their positional players complete with state-of-the-art video capabilities. The quarterback meeting area was named the "Dan Marino Room" in honor of the former Panthers quarterback and Hall of Famer and was dedicated in November 2000 when Marino returned to his alma mater for a special ceremony honoring his retirement from the NFL. Pitt's locker room features 128 lockers which are personalized for each Panthers player. Pitt's facilities also include the Hearst Academic Center for Student-Athletes that features a computer lab and student reference library as well as a full-time academic counselor and graduate assistant that are on hand to help the Panthers players in the classroom. The Panthers' weight room is furnished with the latest in training equipment and is utilized year-round for both offseason and in-season lifting regimens. Termed the "Pitt Iron Works", Pitt's weight room was named by "Muscle & Fitness" magazine as one of the "top 10 toughest gyms in the United States" and has been lauded for providing one of the nation's most advanced training programs.
The Steelers, along with their training facilities, have installed a library in tribute to the Steelers founder, the late Art Rooney.
Outdoors, there are four side-by-side 80-yard-long football practice fields which are ideally situated for private practices and have viewing towers and lighting for evening sessions. Three of the fields are natural turf and one was outfitted with Sportexe synthetic turf in June 2007.
In addition to being a major corporate sponsor of the teams, UPMC is the teams’ preferred health care and sports medicine provider. Injury evaluation, treatment and rehabilitation as well as UPMC’s Sports Performance Program all are available to the athletes on-site year round.

</doc>
<doc id="20133797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133797" title="Bao Quach">
Bao Quach

Bao Quach is a Vietnamese-American Featherweight professional mixed martial artist who has fought for Bellator, Affliction, M-1 Global, EliteXC, Strikeforce, World Extreme Cagefighting, King of the Cage, and Shooto promotions.
Background.
Quach is originally from Huntington Beach, California and attended Dana Hills High School where he excelled in wrestling and was a state qualifier. He continued wrestling at Cerritos College before earning a degree from Cal State Fullerton.
Affliction: Day of Reckoning.
Bao Quach agreed to step in for Mark Hominick to face LC Davis at as Hominick was forced off due to contracting pneumonia. This was Bao's first fight since coming back from his injury which cancelled his 140 lb EliteXC Featherweight Championship fight with Wilson Reis back in September. Quach lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Filmography and other media.
Bao was featured in the Australian film The Heartbreak Kid in 1993 when he was only 13 years old. Quach is also featured in the 2011 video game Supremacy MMA.

</doc>
<doc id="20133807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133807" title="The Magnet (disambiguation)">
The Magnet (disambiguation)

The Magnet is a British story paper.
The Magnet may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20133845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133845" title="1950 Brisbane Carnival">
1950 Brisbane Carnival

The 1950 Brisbane Carnival was the 11th edition of the Australian National Football Carnival, an Australian rules football interstate competition. It was the first carnival to be hosted in Queensland.
Rain was a constant throughout the carnival and as a result most games were held on a soggy Brisbane Exhibition Ground. Several of the matches were played at night using a white ball. 
Section A consisted of the usual big three teams, the VFL, South Australia and Western Australia. The Tasmanian team joined them, having qualified through winning Section B of the 1947 Carnival and a team representing the VFA competed in the top section for the first time, as they were now full members of the Australian National Football Council. The VFA would go on to defeat South Australia by eight points in what was the biggest upset of the tournament.
The VFL finished the carnival unbeaten to claim the Championship. 
Results.
Section A
Section B

</doc>
<doc id="20133849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133849" title="The Power &amp; The Passion">
The Power &amp; The Passion

The Power & The Passion ... a tribute to Midnight Oil is a 2001 tribute album featuring thirteen mostly Australian bands and artists, covering songs by the prominent Australian rock band Midnight Oil.
The liner notes include an environmentalist message from Midnight Oil's lead singer Peter Garrett, reflecting Midnight Oil's environmental activism.

</doc>
<doc id="20133858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133858" title="Aswan SC">
Aswan SC

Aswan is an Egyptian football club based in Aswan, Egypt.
History.
Aswan football team played a total of 7 seasons in the Egyptian Premier League in its history. The team first appeared in the Premier league in the 1990-91 season, while the last season was in 2003-04. The longest spell the team spent in the Premier league was for only three consecutive seasons (from 1996-97 to 1998-99).
Aswan F.C. currently competes in the Egyptian Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20133859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133859" title="Deas (surname)">
Deas (surname)

Deas is a Scottish surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20133916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133916" title="SS Mahratta (1917)">
SS Mahratta (1917)

SS "Mahratta" was a Brocklebank Line steamship launched in 1917. She ran aground in the English Channel on the Goodwin Sands in October 1939. She was the second and final Brocklebank Line ship with this name. The first "Mahratta" suffered a similar fate in 1909. After "Mahratta" broke up, the ship was found to be resting on top of the first "Mahratta". 
History.
SS "Mahratta" was launched on the 20 October 1917. On 6 April 1936, SS "Matheran" lost her propellor off Port Sudan. It was decided that "Mahratta" would tow "Matheran" the to Suez where another ship would tow "Matheran" to Alexandria for repairs. Despite "Matheran" being a bigger ship than "Mahratta", the tow was completed at an average speed of .
Shipwreck.
On 9 October 1939, "Mahratta" was inbound to London from Calcutta when she ran aground on the Goodwins. "Mahratta" had originally been bound for Liverpool but received new orders at Gibraltar to sail to London. "Mahratta" left Gibraltar as part of Convoy HG 1 on 26 September 1939. In blackout conditions she ran aground on Fork Spit, less than a mile away from where the first "Mahratta" had run aground. The Deal hoveller "Lady Haig" was given charge of the salvage operations. A tug attempted to move "Mahratta" into deeper water the next day, but the plates on her port side buckled and by nightfall "Mahratta" had broken in two. The crew of "Mahratta" were transferred to the steamer "Challenge" in four trips. On the third trip, a lifeboat full of luggage salvaged from "Mahratta" was taken in tow, but a large wave almost capsized "Lady Haig" and the lifeboat was cast adrift after the ten crew from "Mahratta" on it were rescued. They were landed at Dover.
"Pride of Canterbury" ferry incident.
On 31 January 2008, the roll on roll off passenger ferry "Pride of Canterbury" operated by P&O Ferries struck the wreck of "Mahratta" while manoeuvering in severe weather into a holding position in The Downs. The ferry suffered extensive damage to her port propeller and had to be assisted to berth in Dover. It is not clear whether the wreck site named in the MAIB report is that of the first "SS Mahratta" or the later vessel.

</doc>
<doc id="20133926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133926" title="Herzog von Ratibor-Rennen">
Herzog von Ratibor-Rennen

The Herzog von Ratibor-Rennen is a Group 3 flat horse race in Germany open to two-year-old thoroughbreds. It is run at Krefeld over a distance of 1,700 metres (1 mile and 99 yards), and it is scheduled to take place each year in November.
History.
The event was established in 1876, and it was initially called the Deutscher Gestüt-Preis. It was originally run at Hoppegarten over 1,200 metres.
The race was renamed the Herzog von Ratibor-Rennen in the 1890s. It was named after Viktor, Herzog von Ratibor (1818–93), who served as chairman of German racing's Union-Club.
The Herzog von Ratibor-Rennen was extended to 1,400 metres in 1906. It was moved to Grunewald and cut to 1,200 metres in 1918. It was restored to 1,400 metres in 1920, and returned to Hoppegarten in 1925.
The race was cancelled in 1945 and 1946. It was held at Gelsenkirchen in 1947 and Dortmund in 1948. It was transferred to Krefeld in 1949, and from this point was usually staged in September.
For a period the Herzog von Ratibor-Rennen held Listed status. It was relegated to National Listed level in 1993, and regained its former status in 2003. It was promoted to Group 3, switched to November and increased to 1,700 metres in 2008.
Records.
Leading jockey (8 wins):
Leading trainer (14 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="20133935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133935" title="Secure Trusted Operating System Consortium">
Secure Trusted Operating System Consortium

The Secure Trusted Operating System Consortium, known also as the STOS, was an annual conference held between 1999 and 2003 with a sixth planned, but never launched. The Consortium concentrated on Mac OS and BSD as being secure and trusted, excluding Microsoft, even though Microsoft tried to use the name with their Trusted Computing Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20133943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133943" title="Collocation extraction">
Collocation extraction

Collocation extraction is the task of extracting collocations automatically from a corpus using a computer.
Within the area of corpus linguistics, collocation is defined as a sequence of words or terms which co-occur more often than would be expected by chance. 'Crystal clear', 'middle management', 'nuclear family', and 'cosmetic surgery' are examples of collocated pairs of words. Some words are often found together because they make up a compound noun, for example 'riding boots' or 'motor cyclist'. 
The traditional method of performing collocation extraction is to find a formula based on the statistical quantities of those words to calculate a score associated to every word pairs. Proposed formulas are mutual information, t-test, z test, chi-squared test and likelihood ratio.

</doc>
<doc id="20133949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133949" title="Vujadinović">
Vujadinović

Vujadinović (Вујадиновић) is a Serbian surname, derived from the male given name "Vujadin", may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20133991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133991" title="Political positions of Ted Kennedy">
Political positions of Ted Kennedy

U.S. Senator Edward M. Kennedy (D-MA), took positions on many political issues throughout his career via his public comments and senatorial voting record. This is a summary of some of them.
Abortion.
Although he was a staunch pro-choice advocate for the past 30 years, Kennedy adopted this position only after the "Roe v. Wade" decision in 1973. Prior to that, he held a pro-life position. A letter to a constituent, dated August 3, 1971, opposes "the legalization of abortion on demand" saying, "While the deep concern of a woman bearing an unwanted child merits consideration and sympathy, it is my personal feeling that the legalization of abortion on demand is not in accordance with the value which our civilization places on human life. Wanted or unwanted, I believe that human life, even at its earliest stages, has certain rights which must be recognizedthe right to be born, the right to love, the right to grow old. When history looks back at this era it should recognize this generation as one which cared about human beings enough to halt the practice of war, to provide a decent living for every family, and to fulfill its responsibility to its children from the very moment of conception." Kennedy's reversal on this issue after "Roe v. Wade" became a source of continuing dispute between him and the Catholic Church, of which he was a member.
In 1987, Kennedy delivered an impassioned speech condemning Supreme Court nominee Robert Bork as a "right-wing extremist" and warning that "Robert Bork's America" would be one marked by back alley abortions and other backward practices. Kennedy's strong opposition to Bork's nomination was important to the Senate's rejection of Bork's candidacy. In recent years, he has argued that much of the debate over abortion is a false dichotomy. Speaking at the National Press Club in 2005, he remarked, "Surely, we can all agree that abortion should be rare, and that we should do all we can to help women avoid the need to face that decision." He voted against the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act.
Affirmative action.
Kennedy supported affirmative action. In 1996 he called Patrick Chavis a "perfect example" of how affirmative action worked.
Immigration policy.
Kennedy introduced and was a strong supporter of the 1965 Hart-Celler Actsigned into law by President Lyndon B. Johnsonwhich dramatically changed U.S. immigration policy. "The bill will not flood our cities with immigrants. It will not upset the ethnic mix of our society. It will not relax the standards of admission. It will not cause American workers to lose their jobs."
Kennedy asserted that the bill would end the favoring of Europeans for immigration into the United States. The 1965 legislation replaced the Immigration Act of 1924, which favored immigrants from northern and western Europe and Canada. Proponents of the 1965 bill argued that immigration laws and quotas were discriminatory, and that American immigration policy should accept people not on the basis of their nationality. This also abolished the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882. Kennedy's bill was designed to reallocate visas to poorer countries and also added the stipulation that extended families of visa holders would also be eligible for visas. Although Kennedy promised the bill would not increase the number of immigrants into the United States or change the ethnic composition of the United States, immigration numbers doubled from 1965 to 1970 and then doubled again before 1990.
Kennedy was the chairman of the United States Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration, Border Security and Citizenship, and remained a strong advocate for immigrants. Kennedy subsequently took a lead role in several other would-be immigration measures, including the Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act (S. 1033) ("McCain-Kennedy") in 2005 and the Secure Borders, Economic Opportunity and Immigration Reform Act of 2007, a bipartisan measure worked out with President George W. Bush which ultimately failed on the floor of the U.S. Senate. Among other reforms, the 1033 legislation proposed allowing "undocumented immigrants in the U.S. to come out of the shadows, submit to background checks, and register for a legal status. Immigrants and their families would have six years to earn permanent residence and ultimately citizenship."
Gun control.
Kennedy was a staunch supporter of gun control initiatives. In 2006, he was one of the 16 senators who voted against the Vitter Amendment prohibiting the confiscation of legally possessed firearms during a disaster.
Energy policy.
Kennedy generally favored alternative energy sources and opposed additional Alaska oil drilling. However, he opposed the Cape Wind wind turbine project which would occur near his home.
War on Terrorism.
Kennedy joined other Democratic leaders in the Senate to write letters to Majority Leader Harry Reid in 2007, urging him to take up legislation that would block the Bush administration's warrantless wiretapping program. Among authors of other letters to Reid on this subject were Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, Joseph Biden, Russ Feingold and Barbara Boxer.
War in Afghanistan.
Kennedy was a supporter of the War in Afghanistan and the overthrow of the Taliban government in Afghanistan in reaction to the September 11 attacks.
Iraq War.
Kennedy opposed the American-led 2003 invasion and subsequent occupation of Iraq. He had also been a harsh critic of the way the invasion of Iraq was planned and conducted by the Bush administration. Kennedy also had said that the best vote he had ever cast in the Senate was his vote against giving President Bush the authority to use force against Iraq.
As the Iraqi insurgency grew in subsequent years, Kennedy pronounced that the conflict was "Bush's Vietnam." In response to losses of Massachusetts service personnel to roadside bombs, Kennedy became vocal on the issue of Humvee vulnerability, and co-sponsored enacted 2005 legislation that sped up production and Army procurement of up-armored Humvees.
In early 2007, preceding Bush's announcement that he would initiate a troop surge in Iraq, Kennedy made a speech at the National Press Club opposing it. Kennedy was the first Senator in the 110th Congress to propose legislation opposing the troop surge.
Israel and Middle East policy.
Ted Kennedy was a staunch supporter of Israel while in the Senate, and was mourned by Israeli leaders such as Shimon Peres and Avigdor Lieberman as a "friend to Israel" when he died. According to one tally, Ted Kennedy voted 100 percent in concert with positions taken by the American Israel Public Affairs Committee. During the run up to the Iraq War, Kennedy said '“Iran has had closer ties to terrorism than Iraq...Iran has a nuclear weapons development program, and it already has a missile that can reach Israel.”
Ted Kennedy's death gained massive public attention in Israel, as all the Kennedy brothers were big supporters of the Jewish state, including Ted Kennedy. In his Senate career, Kennedy promoted US aid to Israel and fought against proposed arms sales to Jordan and Saudi Arabia. He became the first American politician to meet with Soviet refuseniks in 1974. He rebuked the George H. W. Bush administration when it stopped loan guarantees with Israeli given the Israeli settlement issue. He also opposed dividing Jerusalem up in a peace deal.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called Kennedy, "a great friend of Israel", and he continued by saying that Kennedy would be missed. Jewish Agency Chairman Natan Sharansky, who was a prisoner of Zion in the Soviet Union, told "The Jerusalem Post", "When we were in prison - when I was in prison - Senator Kennedy was one of the most important contacts for our wives and families. He helped bring down the iron curtain and he helped Soviet Jews immigrate to Israel."
"Kennedy was clearly a friend of Israel all the way, and in every place that he could help us he did," said Israeli President Shimon Peres. His death was "a very big loss to every sensitive and thinking person the world over. May his soul rest in peace."
The Israeli Foreign Ministry issued a condolence for the loss of Ted Kennedy, Israeli Minister of Foreign Affairs, Avigdor Lieberman, talked about how Ted Kennedy would be missed and how great of a friend he was for Israel.
Education.
Kennedy became notorious in the 1970s for his support of desegregation busing. He was one of that members of Congress, government, and judges and journalists who supported busing but sent their own children to private schools.
Kennedy was a leading member of the bipartisan team that wrote the controversial No Child Left Behind Act of 2001. According to both Kennedy and President Bush, the Act was a compromise. Kennedy then worked on its passage through a Republican-controlled Congress, despite opposition from members of both parties.
Kennedy opposed federal attempts to cut student financial aid, such as Reagan's 1986 planned limitations on Guaranteed Student Loans to students whose families earned over $32,500 a year, and a planned $4,000 cap on all federal aid and benefits that a student could receive in one year. Following the Republican takeover of Congress in November 1994, there was a renewed effort on the part of key Republican leaders to balance the federal budget by cutting financial aid. The new cuts, which Kennedy also opposed, involved reducing the interest the federal government would pay on student loans, and on Clinton’s direct lending program. Kennedy supported the College Affordability and Access Act of 2007 which provides $20 billion in new federal financial aid investments for low- and middle-income students and their families.
Northern Ireland.
Kennedy was outspoken in his views about Northern Ireland's constitutional question. In October 1971, he called for the withdrawal of British troops from Northern Ireland, and for all political participants there to begin talks on creating a United Ireland.
In early 2005, however, Kennedy publicly snubbed Gerry Adams by canceling a previously arranged meeting, citing the Provisional Irish Republican Army's "ongoing criminal activity and contempt for the rule of law." This decision was a direct result of the Northern Bank robbery in December 2004 and the murder of Robert McCartney the following month.
Judicial appointments.
A longtime member of the Senate Judiciary Committee (and its chairman from 1979 to 1981), Kennedy was an important Democratic voice during debates and confirmation votes on United States Supreme Court nominees. He and Daniel Inouye, also elected in 1962, have voted on more appointments than every other Senator except Robert Byrd.
Kennedy supported nominations of Abe Fortas and Thurgood Marshall (both by President Lyndon B. Johnson). Of Richard Nixon's nominees, he backed successful nominations of Warren Burger (for Chief Justice), Harry Blackmun and Lewis F. Powell. Like most of Democrats he opposed G. Harrold Carswell and Clement Haynsworth (both rejected). He also voted against confirmation of William H. Rehnquist as Associate Justice, although he was easily confirmed. Kennedy supported Gerald Ford's nomination of John Paul Stevens, who was confirmed unanimously. Of Ronald Reagan's nominees, he supported Sandra Day O'Connor, Antonin Scalia and Anthony Kennedy (confirmed), but was one of the leaders of opposition against the nomination of Robert Bork. Within 45 minutes of Bork's nomination to the Court he took to the Senate floor with a strong condemnation of Bork in a nationally televised speech, declaring, "Robert Bork's America is a land in which women would be forced into back-alley abortions, blacks would sit at segregated lunch counters, rogue police could break down citizens' doors in midnight raids, schoolchildren could not be taught about evolution, writers and artists could be censored at the whim of government.". Bork's nomination was rejected, and Kennedy was credited with leading Democratic opposition. Democratic Senator Joseph Biden, though, said that Kennedy's speech was "technically accurate but unfair” and said that it “drew lines in ways that were starker than reality”. Kennedy also opposed William Rehnquist's successful nomination to become Chief Justice. He opposed both of George H. W. Bush's successful nominations, David Souter and Clarence Thomas, as well, but supported Bill Clinton's nominations of Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer.
He strongly opposed the successful nominations of both Chief Justice John G. Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito, both nominated by President George W. Bush.
From 2001 to 2003, Kennedy led a forty-five member all Democrat Senate filibuster to block the appointment of former assistant Solicitor General Miguel Estrada to the United States court of appeals. When Estrada withdrew his nomination, Kennedy proclaimed it was a "a victory for the Constitution."
Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender issues.
Kennedy was considered to be one of the biggest advocates of LGBT rights in the U.S. Senate, and he has received ratings of 100 percent by the Human Rights Campaign for the 107th, 108th and 109th sessions of U.S. Congress indicating that he voted in support of issues the HRC considers important with regards to equality for LGBT persons. He was a supporter of same-sex marriage and was one of the fourteen senators to vote against the Defense of Marriage Act in 1996. He also voted against the proposed Federal Marriage Amendment in 2004 and 2006. Kennedy's home state of Massachusetts was the first state to legalize same-sex marriage in 2004.
Wage and price controls.
Kennedy was a longtime advocate of raising the minimum wage. He helped pass the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2007, which incrementally raises the minimum wage from $5.15 to $7.25 over a two-year period. The bill also included some controversial tax cuts for small businesses and higher taxes for many $1 million-plus executives. Kennedy was quoted as saying, "Passing this wage hike represents a small, but necessary step to help lift America's working poor out of the ditches of poverty and onto the road toward economic prosperity".
In the 1970s, Kennedy joined with fellow senators Ernest Hollings and Henry M. Jackson in a press conference to oppose President Gerald Ford's request that Congress end Richard Nixon's price controls on domestic oil, which had helped to cause the gasoline lines during the 1973 Oil Crisis. Kennedy said he believed ending the price controls (which have been blamed for increasing America's dependence on foreign oil and were ended in 1981) would produce "no additional oil."
Environmental record.
Kennedy had a strong pro-environment voting record. He voted in favor of disallowing an oil leasing program in Alaska's ANWR, removing oil and gas exploration subsidies, including oil and gas smokestacks in mercury regulations and reducing funds to road building in forest. He voted against reducing funding to renewable and solar energy projects, requiring ethanol in gasoline, Bush administration energy policy and approving a nuclear waste repository. Kennedy was a critic of the Bush administration’s environmental record and has stated "We must not let the administration distort science and rewrite and manipulate scientific reports in other areas. We must not let it turn the Environmental Protection Agency into the Environmental Pollution Agency".
Kennedy opposed the proposed Cape Wind project, which would be the country's first off-shore wind farm. Kennedy owns a home 4.7 miles from the proposed wind farm, and referred to the project's builder as a "special interest developer." 
Health care.
Kennedy believed that health care coverage was a fundamental right for all individuals and fought for universal health care in the United States until his death. In 2010, Congress passed and President Barack Obama signed the Affordable Health Care for America Act to provide near universal health care coverage in the United States by 2014. Kennedy's widow, Vicki attended the signing ceremony for the bill.
18 year old right to vote.
Senator Kennedy was a long proponent of the 18 year old's right to vote. He demonstrated his support in his testimony in front of the Subcommittee for Lowering the Voting Age to 18. During his testimony he stated: "Long ago, according to historians, the age of maturity was fixed at 21, because that was the age at which a young man was thought to be capable of bearing armor. Strange as it may seem, the weight of armor in the 11th century governs the right to vote of Americans in the 20th century." Senator Kennedy continued to support this initiative until it was realized with the signing of the Twenty-sixth Amendment on July 5, 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20133998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133998" title="East Kent Hospitals University NHS Foundation Trust">
East Kent Hospitals University NHS Foundation Trust

East Kent Hospitals University NHS Foundation Trust is a hospital trust with five hospitals - Kent and Canterbury Hospital, William Harvey Hospital, Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother Hospital, Buckland Hospital and Royal Victoria Hospital - and some outpatient facilities in the East Kent and Medway areas in England.
In 2010, East Kent Hospitals were named "Trust of the Year 2010" by the healthcare information organisation Dr Foster.
In November 2013 the Trust, and others in Kent, was reported to have infestations of vermin. 
The Trust, with Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust is jointly procuring an electronic patient record system in a contract worth £10m - £40m in December 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="20133999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20133999" title="2008 Shenzhen anti-police riot">
2008 Shenzhen anti-police riot

The Shenzhen anti-police riot began in Shenzhen, People's Republic of China November 7, 2008 when a policeman threw a walkie talkie at a speeding motorcyclist causing the driver to lose control of his bike. The driver then crashed into a lamp post and died a few hours later. The biker's relatives began gathering people starting a riot against the local police station that grew to involve hundreds of people and thousands of bystanders.

</doc>
<doc id="20134008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134008" title="Northern Soul (54-40 album)">
Northern Soul (54-40 album)

Northern Soul is a 2008 album by Canadian alternative rock band 54•40. The album tracks were recorded at The Chapel and 604 in Vancouver, at Otter Point on Denman Island, and Ormond Street Studios in Victoria. The album was self-produced by band members Dave Genn and Neil Osborne, and was mixed at The Warehouse Studios by Warne Livesey.

</doc>
<doc id="20134016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134016" title="CoRR hypothesis">
CoRR hypothesis

The CoRR hypothesis states that the location of genetic information in cytoplasmic organelles permits regulation of its expression by the reduction-oxidation ("redox") state of its gene products.
CoRR is short for "co-location for redox regulation", itself a shortened form of "co-location (of gene and gene product) for (evolutionary) continuity of redox regulation of gene expression".
CoRR was put forward explicitly in 1993 in a paper in the "Journal of Theoretical Biology" with the title "Control of gene expression by redox potential and the requirement for chloroplast and mitochondrial genomes". The central concept had been outlined in a review of 1992. The term CoRR was introduced in 2003 in a paper in "Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society" entitled "The function of genomes in bioenergetic organelles".
The problem.
Chloroplasts and mitochondria.
Chloroplasts and mitochondria are energy-converting organelles in the cytoplasm of eukaryotic cells. Chloroplasts in plant cells perform photosynthesis; the capture and conversion of the energy of sunlight. Mitochondria in both plant and animal cells perform respiration; the release of this stored energy when work is done. In addition to these key reactions of bioenergetics, chloroplasts and mitochondria each contain specialized and discrete genetic systems. These genetic systems enable chloroplasts and mitochondria to make some of their own proteins.
Both the genetic and energy-converting systems of chloroplasts and mitochondria are descended, with little modification, from those of the free-living bacteria that these organelles once were. The existence of these cytoplasmic genomes is consistent with, and counts as evidence for, the endosymbiont hypothesis. Most genes for proteins of chloroplasts and mitochondria are, however, now located on chromosomes in the nuclei of eukaryotic cells. There they code for protein precursors that are made in the cytosol for subsequent import into the organelles.
Cytoplasmic inheritance.
CoRR seeks to explain why chloroplasts and mitochondria retain DNA, and thus why some characters are inherited through the cytoplasm in the phenomenon of cytoplasmic, non-Mendelian, uniparental, or maternal inheritance. CoRR does so by offering an answer to this question: why, in evolution, did some bacterial, endosymbiont genes move to the cell nucleus, while others did not?
Proposed solution.
CoRR states that chloroplasts and mitochondria contain those genes whose expression is required to be under the direct, regulatory control of the redox state of their gene products, or of electron carriers with which those gene products interact. Such genes comprise a core, or primary subset, of organellar genes. The requirement for redox control of each gene in the primary subset then confers an advantage upon location of that gene within the organelle. Natural selection therefore anchors some genes in organelles, while favouring location of others in the cell nucleus.
Chloroplast and mitochondrial genomes also contain genes for components of the chloroplast and mitochondrial genetic systems themselves. These genes comprise a secondary subset of organellar genes: genetic system genes. There is generally no requirement for redox control of expression of genetic system genes, though their being subject to redox control may, in some cases, allow amplification of redox signals acting upon genes in the primary subset (bioenergetic genes).
Retention of genes of the secondary subset (genetic system genes) is necessary for the operation of redox control of expression of genes in the primary subset. If all genes disappear from the primary subset, CoRR predicts that there is no function for genes in the secondary subset, and such organelles will then, eventually, lose their genomes completely. However, if even only one gene remains under redox control, then an organelle genetic system is required for the synthesis of its single gene product.

</doc>
<doc id="20134023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134023" title="Panki Thermal Power Station">
Panki Thermal Power Station

Panki Thermal Power Station is located at Panki in Kanpur district in the Indian state of Uttar pradesh, about 16 km from Kanpur. It has an installed capacity of 220 Mega Watts.
Operations.
The plant was set in two stages, both having two units. The first stage is not in operation any more. The machinery for the second stage are from Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited. The coal to all these units is fed from coal mines of Bharat Coking Coal Limited, Eastern Coalfields Limited by means of railways. The last unit was commissioned in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20134027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134027" title="William Shaw (mathematician)">
William Shaw (mathematician)

William Shaw (born 14 May 1958) is a British professor of the mathematics and computation of risk at University College London. He is a consultant on financial derivatives, an author of a primary book on using Mathematica to model financial derivatives, co-Editor-in-Chief of the journal "Applied Mathematical Finance", and a member of the Mathematics and Computer Science Departments at University College London.
Shaw studied at King's College, Cambridge, where he studied mathematics; he was Wrangler and earned a B.A. in 1980. In 1981 he won the Mayhew Prize for his performance on the Cambridge Mathematical Tripos, and in 1984 he received a Ph.D. in mathematical physics from Wolfson College, Oxford. From 1984 to 1987 he was a research fellow at Cambridge and C.L.E. Moore Instructor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, from 1991 to 2002 he was a lecturer in mathematics at Balliol College, Oxford, and in 2002 he moved to St Catherine's College, Oxford, where he was University lecturer in financial mathematics. In 2006 he moved to a Professorship at King's College London and in 2011 to UCL.

</doc>
<doc id="20134039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134039" title="Parichha Thermal Power Station">
Parichha Thermal Power Station

Parichha Thermal Power Station is located at Parichha in Jhansi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, about 25 km from Jhansi on the bank of Betwa river.
Operations.
The plant has two stages, having 6 units altogether. The machinery is from Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited, M/s ABB, M/s Alstom, M/s Yokogawa. The coal to all these units is fed from coal mines of Bharat Coking Coal Limited and Eastern Coalfields Limited via rail.
Capacity.
Parichha Thermal Power Station has a capacity of 1140 MW; 2 units of 110 MW, 2 units of 210 MW and 2 units of 250 MW. Its sixth unit of 250 MW was commissioned in Apr 2013 taking the total installed capacity to 1140 MW. Work on a 400 kV line is under way and at the same time it is connected to the national grid through NRLDC Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="20134047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134047" title="Vujadin">
Vujadin

Vujadin is a traditional Serbian given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20134054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134054" title="Seven Years – Ten Weeks">
Seven Years – Ten Weeks

Seven Years – Ten Weeks is the debut album from "Fame Academy" winner David Sneddon, released on 28 April 2003 (see 2003 in music), a week after his second single Don't Let Go. The album reached No 5 in the UK Album Chart before falling to No 11. The album spawned the number one single "Stop Living the Lie", "Don't Let Go" and "Best of Order".
Track listing.
The album also contains the music videos for "Stop Living the Lie" and "Don't Let Go"
Production.
Sneddon's album, was released in April 2003, four months after he won the BBC Fame Academy TV show, and entered the UK album chart at No.5. The album contains all original compositions written by Sneddon, and four songs co-written with Martians' member John Kielty. David wrote songs about his seven years after leaving university when he performed with bands and on stage in Scotland - and about his ten weeks singing live on the BBC television series. The album contains his three chart singles "Stop Living The Lie", "Don't Let Go" and "Best of Order". 
The album was produced by Hugh Padgham who produced Phil Collins and Peter Gabriel in the '80s, and was recorded with Elton John's band. There was a Scottish album launch for the release on 27 April when David performed 7 gigs in ten hours all over Scotland.
Singles.
The following singles were released from "Seven Years - Ten Weeks":
Chart performance.
The album reached No.5 in the UK album chart and remained in the top 40 for two weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20134063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134063" title="Harduaganj Thermal Power Station">
Harduaganj Thermal Power Station

Harduaganj Thermal Power Station is located at Qasimpur Power House Colony which is 1 km distance from Harduaganj Railway Station at Harduaganj in Aligarh district in the Indian state of Uttar pradesh, about 18 km from Aligarh. It is the new electric power station established in Aligarh district; the old one is Sumera Hydroelectric Power Plant located in Jawan Sikandarpur of Aligarh district. 
Capacity.
Harduaganj Thermal Power Station has an installed capacity of 665 MW. 
1 Unit of 60 MW capacity (it is unit number fifth )
1 Unit of 110 MW capacity (it is unit number seventh and its capacity derated to 105 MW)
1 Unit of 250 MW capacity (it is unit number eighth)
1 Unit of 250 MW capacity (it is unit number ninth)
Its last unit (ninth unit) of 250 MW became operational in June 2012.
See also.
Sumera Hydroelectric Power Plant

</doc>
<doc id="20134084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134084" title="Spilomyia sayi">
Spilomyia sayi

Spilomyia sayi is a common species of North American hoverfly. It is a wasp mimic.
Adults are long and are seen from June to October in the northern part of their range. Males engage in hilltopping, where they find high ground to await females. Larvae are found in decaying heartwood of deciduous trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20134099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134099" title="Casimir Lefaucheux">
Casimir Lefaucheux

Casimir Lefaucheux (26 January 1802 – 9 August 1852) was a French gunsmith. He was born in Bonnétable and died in Paris.
Casimir Lefaucheux obtained his first patent in 1827. In 1832, he completed a drop-barrel sporting gun with paper-cased cartridges.
Casimir Lefaucheux is credited with the invention of one of the first efficient self-contained cartridge system in 1836, featuring a pin-fire mechanism. This followed the pioneering work of Jean Samuel Pauly in 1808-1812. The Lefaucheux cartridge had a conical bullet, a cardboard powder tube, and a copper base that incorporated a primer pellet. Lefaucheux thus proposed one of the first practical breech-loading weapons.
In 1846, the Lefaucheux system would be improved upon by Benjamin Houllier, who introduced an entirely metallic cartridge of copper brass.
In 1858, the Lefaucheux pistolet-revolver became the first metallic-cartridge revolver to be adopted by a national government.

</doc>
<doc id="20134108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134108" title="Stephen Newman">
Stephen Newman

Stephen D. Newman (born October 15, 1964, in Virginia is an American politician of the Republican Party. In 1996, he was elected to the Senate of Virginia. He represents the 23rd district, which consists of the cities of Lynchburg and Bedford, Bedford County, and Botetourt and Craig and Campbell counties.

</doc>
<doc id="20134126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134126" title="2/16th Battalion (Australia)">
2/16th Battalion (Australia)

The 2/16th Battalion was an infantry battalion of the Australian Army, serving during World War II. Attached to the 21st Brigade of the 7th Division, it was formed in 1940 and saw action against Vichy French forces in Syria and Lebanon and the Japanese in New Guinea.
History.
Formation.
The 2/16th Battalion was formed in Perth, Western Australia on 20 April 1940. Many of the battalion's early recruits were from the Goldfields of Western Australia and this reportedly gave it a 'tough' character. The battalion had basic training at Northam Army Camp before embarking for Egypt in October 1940. After arrival the 2/16th moved to Palestine where it continued its training.
Middle Eastern campaign.
The 2/16th provided defenses to the Egypt-Libya border to defend against a possible German attack, and occupied defensive positions in April and May 1941 before moving to Palestine. In June 1941 the battalion began offensive actions against the Vichy French troops as part of the Syria-Lebanon Campaign, or Operation Exporter. Major actions were the crossing of the Litani River, the attack on Sidon, and the battle of Damour. The 2/16th Battalion suffered 264 casualties in the campaign, the most of any of the involved Australian battalions. The unit remained in the Middle East until January 1942.
New Guinea campaign.
The 2/16th arrived in New Guinea in August 1942. Later that month it was involved in the fighting retreat down the Kokoda Track against the Japanese, being rushed into the line to fill a gap after the 53rd Battalion fell back from Isurava.. At the Battle of Mission Ridge it suffered heavy casualties after being encircled by the Japanese and having to fight its way out. Following its relief at Imita Ridge it was linked with the 2/14th Battalion to form a full strength unit, as the battalion suffered so many casualties in the retreat. After actions at Gona, the 2/16th was withdrawn from the campaign in January 1943, with a strength of only 56 men. After a short period in Australia, the battalion returned to New Guinea in August 1943. After playing a minor role in the Battle of Lae, it moved to the Ramu Valley where it participated in patrol operations. Its only major battle during this period was the capture of Shaggy Ridge on 27–28 December.
Borneo 1945.
After returning to Australia in March 1944, the battalion landed at Balikpapan on the 1 July during the Borneo campaign. Its heaviest combat of the Borneo campaign of was on the first day of this operation but the battalion continued aggressive patrolling until the end of the war on 15 August 1945. Following the war's end the 2/16th Battalion occupied the Celebes. The 2/16th Battalion was disbanded in January 1946 in Brisbane. 
Throughout its service the battalion suffered 671 casualties, of which 223 were killed or died from wounds, accident or disease. Members of the battalion received the following decorations: 3 DSOs, 1 MBE, 6 MCs and 2 bars, 5 DCM, 20 MM and one bar and 63 MIDs.
Battle honours.
The 2/16th Battalion received 21 battle and theatre honours:
Today these honours are carried on by the 16th Battalion, Royal Western Australia Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="20134129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134129" title="Silamanee">
Silamanee

Silamanee (; ; "Quartz") is a Thai costume soap drama (known in Thai as a "lakhon thorathat", "lakhon" or "lakorn") with the byline: "The love test of a royal princess and a proud man". The show is a remake of a 1994 drama of the same name that was originally based on a novel. "Silamanee" features Suvanant Kongying and Paul Pattarapon in the main roles.
Plot outline.
In the Republic of Chaingrath, located in northern Thailand, a little princess named "Seangfarng" is abandoned by her mother amid an argument over the princess' nationality. Seangfarng is then placed in the care of her father The King of Chaingrath and she later leaves Chaingrath for Bangkok to study, as well as to reunite with her mother, who now has a new family—the princess plans to reunite with her mother, even though she had made a commitment to her mother that they would not meet again.
Ten years later, Seangfarng, the beauty of Chaingrath, transforms herself into beautiful high school girl Ngam Sanluang to hide her real identity from her mother, who is now searching for her. Also, the death of the princess' father provided her with an insight into the "Silamanee", Chaingrath's most precious object (a "Silamanee" is a sacred thing that is traditionally passed down as a marriage gift by the ruler of Chaingrath). The Silamanee has gone missing in Chaingrath due to an arrangement between the king and his closest friend Khun Ruj; however, the Silamanee can be returned to Chaingrath if problems arise in regard to the arrangement—the return of the Silamanee is of the utmost importance to Seangfarng/Ngam and she is provided with the address of the object's location.
The princess then plans to take back the Silamanee, an object that she believes rightfully belongs to her country. With the help of her friend Chalee (the youngest son of Rachasena), who also has a crush on her, Seangfarng/Ngam visits the address where the Silamanee is located. The princess meets a character named "Parote" at the address and she subsequently realizes that Parote is a member of her own family. "Parote" is working in Thai politics, but is also studying, and is the first son of the family. He knows nothing about the princess’ true identity, but he directly shows his dislike of the princess towards Seangfarng/Ngam.
Seangfarng/Ngam then disguises herself as a beautiful shopkeeper named Mae Liang and charms Parote when he arrives in her shop for silk that has been sourced from Chiang Rai. The new disguise is part of the princess' second plan to assume three identities to successfully deceive Parote. However, Seangfarng/Ngam's plan to deceive Parote flounders and it not only becomes apparent that he is actually in love with the princess, but that he also knows the true location of the Silamanee. It also becomes clear that Parote already knew the princess' real identity and that he previously wished to marry Seangfarng/Ngam; however, both characters are already engaged to other people.
With the help of friends and family, Parote and Seangfarng/Ngam eventually marry in Chaingrath; however, the new couple relocate to Bangkok due to problems in the princess' home republic. The soap opera then concludes with the return of the Silamanee to Chaingrath, where Seangfarng/Ngam and Parote have returned to assume the roles of King and Queen of Chaingrath.
Reception.
"Silamanee" received positive reviews and it became popular with Thai viewers after the first episode. In its second week, the lakorn received an 11–12 rating from millions of viewers and was ranked number #2—behind another well-established lakorn—in Thailand for that week. "Silamanee" received a rating of 16 for its final episode and was ranked #1 in Thailand for one day. The show also became the only lakorn to be accompanied by English subtitles.
"Silamanee" was also popular in Cambodia and VCD copies of the first two episodes sold out within one morning; plans were made to release the lakorn in the United States on DVD and VCD.
Casting.
During the pre-production period for the lakorn, a number of actresses were considered for the role of Searngfang. The 2004 Thailand Supermodel Contest winner Khemanit Jamikorn, Ann Thongprasom, Pachrapa Chaichua and Woranut Wongsawan were all considered, but Suvanant Kongying was eventually cast as Searngfang (Jamikorn was actually offered the role but declined). Jamikorn was considered for a minor role on the show following a suggestion from the director, but the idea was never enacted.
Silamanee (jewellery).
The Silamanee in the remake is stylistically different to the gem stone in the original version. The necklace in the original version contains a large bold circle with three dangling droplet-shaped emeralds, while the stone in the remake consists of five dangling emeralds—two rectangular, two square-shaped and one droplet-shaped. Both versions are green in appearance.
With the director's approval, a famous Thai jeweller Kun Chuchai designed the necklace with a Victorian influence. The Silamanee is worth over 100 million baht (approximately USD3.4 million) and once belonged to the Romanov family, the last royal bloodline of Russia.
Chaingrath.
Chaingrath is a fictional location that was created for the purpose of the lakorn. However, the culture and tradition that appears on "Silamanee" was based on the city of Chiang Mai; for example, the celebration of the Loy Krathong festival is used as the inspiration for one of the show's scenes. Chiang Mai is the largest and most culturally significant city in northern Thailand. The concept of Chaingrath was also influenced by Lanna, an ancient kingdom that was located in the area around Chiang Mai.

</doc>
<doc id="20134130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134130" title="Center for Intercultural Dialogue and Translation">
Center for Intercultural Dialogue and Translation

The Center for Intercultural Dialogue and Translation (CIDT) is an Egyptian organization founded in 2005 to select, review, and translate Arab media publications The reviews are then published in the electronic magazine "Arab-West Report".
The Center was founded as a civil company in response to great delays in obtaining Egyptian Non Government Organization (NGO) status for the Center for Arab-West Understanding because the work carried out for Arab-West Report needed to be carried out through a recognized legal organization. It is hard for organizations in Egypt to obtain NGO status and procedures may take years if applications are pushed to the Council of State for a verdict.
The Center for Intercultural Dialogue and Translation requested in 2006 recognition by the Anna Lindh Foundation as an organization that had no commercial objectives, was as such recognized and received support from the Foundation to establish the Electronic Network for Arab-West Understanding.
Since the Center for Arab West Understanding was recognized in 2008 the two organizations decided to cooperate in providing work for Arab-West Report but keep the two organizations two separate legal entities.

</doc>
<doc id="20134162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134162" title="Joachim Rumohr">
Joachim Rumohr

Joachim Rumohr (1910–1945) was a Brigadeführer und Generalmajor in the Waffen SS, during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Born on the 6 August 1910 in Hamburg, he joined the NSDAP and the SS in 1935 being given the party number 216161 and the SS service number 7450. Rumohr was first posted to the 4th Standarte as a Untersturmführer but was quickly promoted in November 1935 to Obersturmführer and posted to the "Germania" Regiment. In May 1938 he was the commander of the 12th Company and 9 November 1938 promoted to Hauptsturmführer in the SS-Verfügungstruppe, which would later become the Das Reich Division.
With this unit, he took part in the Polish Campaign and the Battle of France, then being given the command of the 2nd Battalion SS-Artillery Regiment "Das Reich" in January 1941, which he commanded for Operation Marita. On 1 June 1942 he was transferred to the SS Cavalry Division as the commander of the Artillery Regiment. On 9 November 1942 he was promoted to Obersturmbannführer and awarded with the German Cross in gold. For his leadership on the middle Dnepr in Autumn 1943 he was awarded the Knight's Cross for his leadership during the winter of 1943/44 in the Kremenchug, Kirovograd areas.
On 1 April 1944 he was given the command of the 8th SS Cavalry Division Florian Geyer, being promoted to Standartenführer later the same month. He was mentioned in the Wehrmachtbericht on 9 October 1944. In November 1944 he received his last promotion to Brigadeführer and led his division during the fighting in the Budapest area for which he was awarded the Oakleaves to the Knight's Cross.
Rumohr was seriously wounded during the attempt to break out from Budapest, and committed suicide on the 11 February 1945 to prevent his capture by the Russians.

</doc>
<doc id="20134190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134190" title="Golokdham Rahasya">
Golokdham Rahasya

Golokdham Rahasya is a Bengali detective story written by famous film director and writer Satyajit Ray featuring private detective Feluda.
Story summary.
The story involves a talented Bengali scientist speacializing in biochemistry (Nihar Ranjan Dutta) who conducts cancer research in America. He has a treachorous Bengali assistant (Suprakash Choudhury). Due to Choudhury's treachery Dutta becomes blind and comes back to Kolkata without completing his research.
Many years later, during an evening when Feluda visits Dutta's home to investigate the previous night's burglary attempt, Feluda suddenly discovers that Mr. Dutta's research paper and a handful sum of cash money have been stolen. Feluda starts investigation and he is introduced to Ranjit Bandopadhay (Dutta's secretary) and Dutta's two tenants Sukhwani and Dastoor. Feluda returns home. On the same night, Dastoor is murdered.
Feluda starts investigation and finds that Dutta's research paper and money were stolen by Mr Ranjit Bandopadhyay. He stole the research paper to get fame by conducting research with the help of those paper. Feluda also knows that Dastoor was actually disguised Suprakash Choudhury who stayed in Dutta's home to steal those research paper. Dastoor was murdered by none other than Mr. Nihar Ranjan Dutta to take revenge. But Feluda did not take any action against Mr Dutta because he was old and also it seemed that Feluda had sympathy to the motive behind the murder.

</doc>
<doc id="20134204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134204" title="Center for Arab-West Understanding">
Center for Arab-West Understanding

The Center for Arab-West Understanding (CAWU) developed from the ideals of the Egyptian electronic magazine Arab-West Report. The request for Egyptian NGO status was filed in 2004 and obtained in January 2008.
The aim of CAWU is to foster a better understanding between the Arab world and other cultures by encouraging students, journalists, academics, religious leaders, and politicians to alter the manner in which they speak and write about people belonging to other cultures or religions, and helping them refrain from polemics, exaggerations and other distortions.
The Center is chaired by Sawsan Gabra Ayoub Khalil. Cornelis Hulsman is the Center's secretary general.
CAWU's Goal.
The Center hopes to further understanding by applying the following methods.
Helping to provide access to accurate, credible and reliable information;
Improving the public's understanding of the contemporary Islamic world in non-Muslim countries and vice versa.
Encouraging accurate reporting and analyses on Arab-West cultural, religious and other key issues involving civil society, both in the Arab world and in the West.
Recent developments.
The center formulated in March 2008 a petition to the Dutch Parliament calling Geert Wilders' statements about Muslims and Islam 'provocative,' and calling on “all Dutch MP's to actively and effectively promote intercultural tolerance, dialogue and harmonious co-existence.” The petition was signed by prominent Muslim and Christian leaders in Egypt.
The center also organized a visit of a delegation of Dutch church representatives and Muslim organizations in March 2008 to Egypt which was widely reported about in The Netherlands, asked Egyptian scholars to write reports explaining the Qur'anic texts Wilders highlighted and discussing the crisis on Egyptian TV and in public meetings at Cairo University.

</doc>
<doc id="20134223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134223" title="Bessacarr Halt railway station">
Bessacarr Halt railway station

Bessacarr railway halt was a small halt on the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Railway in the suburbs of Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England. It was the first halt south of Doncaster, being just south of the town on the Joint line following a series of flying junctions and a direct connection to the South Yorkshire Joint Railway.
The halt opened in 1912 but did not appear in public timetables and was closed in 1924.
The site of Bessacarr halt, along with 7 others, was highlighted as a possible "new station" under a report to Doncaster Borough Council in September 2008, with reopening at some future date a possibility.

</doc>
<doc id="20134247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134247" title="Everyday (Rudebwoy)">
Everyday (Rudebwoy)

"Everyday (Rudebwoy)" is a hip-hop song by Kardinal Offishall featuring Ray Robinson. It was the second single from his third album "Fire and Glory".
The song contains a sample of "People Everyday" by Arrested Development. It was successful in Canada, peaking at #16 on the Canadian Singles Chart. The music video, directed by RT!, earned three MuchMusic Video Awards in June 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20134274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134274" title="Independent Media Corporation">
Independent Media Corporation

The Independent Media Corporation is one of Pakistan's largest media conglomerates. It started with the publications of the Jang Group of Newspapers and later added the Geo Network to its offerings.
Shareholders.
Mir Khalil ur Rehman was the founder of the group and his son, Mohammad Waqas, is the present head of the business house based in Karachi. IMC owns the Jang Group of Newspapers and the Geo TV network.
Independent Media Corporation owes 1,680.000 (million) to the Federal Board of Revenue, the case is pending before the Sindh High Court.
TV channels.
It also runs many TV channels as part of the Geo Television Network starting with its flagship channel Geo TV. It has since launched several other channels in which the news, music and sports are targeted. Services are provided to the UK, the USA, Canada, and the Middle East as well as Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="20134275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134275" title="1992 Stockholm Open – Singles">
1992 Stockholm Open – Singles

Boris Becker was the defending champion, but lost in the quarter-finals to Goran Ivanišević.
Ivanisevic won in the final 7–6(7–2), 4–6, 7–6(7–5), 6–2, against Guy Forget.

</doc>
<doc id="20134299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134299" title="Trapezoidal wing">
Trapezoidal wing

The trapezoidal or diamond wing is a high-performance wing configuration. It is a short (low aspect ratio) tapered wing having little or no overall sweep, such that the leading edge sweeps back and the trailing edge sweeps forward. The trapezoidal design allows for a thin wing with low drag at high speeds, while maintaining high strength and stiffness. To date, all major aircraft to use this design have come from the United States.
History.
Early examples provided a solution to the problem of supersonic flight when engine power was limited. The wing of the Douglas X-3 Stiletto was extremely small and thin, giving low drag at supersonic speeds. The principle was adopted for various other X-planes and for Lockheed's widely-produced F-104 Starfighter high-speed, high-altitude interceptor. Lockheed used the design on many of its aircraft proposals in the 1950s, including the Lockheed CL-400 Suntan and early versions of their supersonic transport designs.
The small wing of the Starfighter was found to have good gust response at low level, providing a smooth ride at high subsonic speeds. Consequently the type was adopted for the ground-attack role, notably by the German Luftwaffe. However the small size of the wing resulted in challenging take-off and landing characteristics with a corresponding increase in takeoff and landing accidents.
More recently, a larger and less highly loaded trapezoidal wing has been found to provide good all-round speed, load carrying and manoeuvring characteristics for modern combat fighters such as the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor and the VTOL-capable Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighter, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="20134315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134315" title="Outside of Me">
Outside of Me

"Outside of Me" is the sixth single by Australian band Killing Heidi. It is the second and final single released from their second album "Present". The single was available in 2 parts, with the same track listing, only slightly different artwork.
Charts.
"Outside of Me" debuted on the ARIA Charts on the 29th of September 2002 at #12. It stayed in the top 50 for a further 5 weeks, bringing its total amount of weeks in the top 50 to 6. It managed to be accredited Gold after eight weeks in the top 100.

</doc>
<doc id="20134324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134324" title="René Vignal">
René Vignal

René Vignal (born 12 August 1926) is a French former football goalkeeper. He played for France.

</doc>
<doc id="20134330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134330" title="Sorisan">
Sorisan

Sorisan is a mountain in Yangpyeong County, Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of . 

</doc>
<doc id="20134350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134350" title="Federico Laurito">
Federico Laurito

Federico Raúl Laurito (born 18 May 1990) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Club Deportivo Cuenca, on loan from Udinese.

</doc>
<doc id="20134352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134352" title="Sithathoriunet">
Sithathoriunet

Sithathoriunet (her name means “daughter of Hathor of Dendera”) was an Ancient Egyptian "king's daughter" of the 12th dynasty, mainly known from her burial at El-Lahun in which a treasure trove of jewellery was found. She was possibly a daughter of Senusret II since her burial site was found next to the pyramid of this king. If so, this would make her one of five known children and one of three daughters of Senusret II—the other children were Senusret III, Senusretseneb, Itakait and Nofret.-->
Sithathoriunet was buried in the Kahun pyramid complex. She must have died while Amenemhet III was pharaoh, since objects with his name were found in her tomb. Her name and titles survived on her canopic jars and on an alabaster vessel found in her tomb.
The tomb was excavated in 1914 by Flinders Petrie and Guy Brunton. It had previously been robbed in antiquity but a niche in the burial site escaped the looters' attention. In this niche were found remains of several boxes filled with jewellery and cosmetic objects, such as razors, a mirror and vases. The jewellery found there is considered to be among the highest quality examples ever found in Ancient Egyptian tombs. Also found were two pectorals, one with the name of Senusret II, the other with the name of Amenemhet III. There was also a crown and several bracelets inscribed with the name of Amenemhet III. Most of the objects are made of gold with inlays of precious stone (Cloisonné). Today the majority of the finds are located in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York although the crown is located in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo.

</doc>
<doc id="20134377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134377" title="Sfaka">
Sfaka

Sfaka is a mountain village in Crete, situated between Agios Nikolaos and Sitia. Sfaka belongs to the Municipality of Sitia.
It has a long history, and archaeological monuments including the meta-Byzantine icons of "Stavrosis" and the Church "Panagia" in the "Kato Chorio". Sfaka now has 200 - 250 inhabitants, but in the past its population was greater than 2000. Recently, Sfaka has been considered a tourist destination for its port, Mochlos.

</doc>
<doc id="20134407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134407" title="Joshua Okoampa">
Joshua Okoampa

Joshua Drew Opoku Okoampa (born October 10, 1984 in Brooklyn Park, Minnesota) is a former American soccer player, he has last played for Türkiyemspor Berlin. He is of Ghanaian descent.
Career.
A native of Brooklyn Park, Minnesota, Okoampa played college soccer at the University of Wisconsin - Green Bay. He later played for Türkiyemspor Berlin starting in the summer of 2008 The previous year he shoot 39 goals and booked 8 assists playing for the Minnesota Thunder. 
In August 2008 he joined Türkiyemspor Berlin and left the club on 10 January 2009.
Attributes.
Okoampa is a fast and athlectic winger and striker.

</doc>
<doc id="20134418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134418" title="Sigurd Roll">
Sigurd Roll

Sigurd Emil Roll (14 October 1893 – 24 June 1944) was a Norwegian diplomat and former sprinter who was executed during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany. He had a brother William Roll
Early life and family.
Roll was born in Chicago, IL to Wilhelm Jørgen Roll (born 1864 in Asker, Norway) and Sofia Jensen (born 1868 in Asker, Norway). Roll was married in 1918, and had four children. His son Finn joined the Devil's Brigade during World War II.
Olympic athlete.
As an athlete he became Norwegian champion in the 400 metres event in 1917. He broke the Norwegian record this year, clocking in 50.9 seconds. He improved his own record to 50.7 seconds in 1920, but lost it to Einar Mangset the following season. He also won silver medals in the 400 metres in 1918 and 1920, as well as medals in the 100 and 200 metres. He represented the sports club Kristiania IF.
Diplomatic and resistance fighter.
Roll later served as a US vice consul in Oslo. During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany Roll resigned his post and joined the Norwegian underground. He was captured by the Gestapo and imprisoned in a concentration camp for a period. After his release, he allegedly helped Norwegians escape from concentration camps.
Death.
On June 24, 1944, Roll was arrested in his office and executed at Holmenkollen Kapell (Oslo) as a part of Operation Blumenpflücken, an attempt to discredit the Norwegian resistance. SS Hauptsturmführer and Sicherheitspolizei officer Ernst Weiner was personally responsible for the murder.

</doc>
<doc id="20134462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134462" title="Don't Let Go (David Sneddon song)">
Don't Let Go (David Sneddon song)

"Don't Let Go" is a pop song, written by musician, singer and songwriter David Sneddon and Scott MacAlister, and released as a single on April 21, 2003 where it reached No.3 in the UK Singles Chart. It was the second single and follow up to his debut number-one hit, "Stop Living the Lie".
The song was included on his debut album, "Seven Years - Ten Weeks". The B-sides to this song — "She Needs to Know", "The Longest Time" and "Smile Again" — did not appear on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="20134492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134492" title="Grevillea 'Red Hooks'">
Grevillea 'Red Hooks'

"Grevillea" 'Red Hooks' is a grevillea cultivar from Australia. It is a shrub that grows to 3 metres in height and 4 to 5 metres in width and has pinnate leaves with narrow-linear lobes. The inflorescences comprise greyish-green perianths and red styles which bend backwards. After being grown for many years under the misnomers "Grevillea hookeriana" or "Grevillea hookerana", the cultivar was registered in 1987 under the name 'Red Hooks'. It is thought to be a hybrid of ""G. longifolia" x "G. tetragonoloba".

</doc>
<doc id="20134548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134548" title="Ahmed Mihoubi">
Ahmed Mihoubi

Ahmed Mihoubi (2 June 1924 – 24 January 2004) was an Algerian-born French former international football defender.

</doc>
<doc id="20134549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134549" title="Nyota Ndogo">
Nyota Ndogo

Nyota Ndogo (real name Mwanaisha Abdalla, born c. 1981) is a musician from Kenya who performs taarab-influenced pop music. 
Ndogo is from the coastal city of Mombasa. She was a school drop-out who worked as a house maid. Her father Abdala Atib was a musician with a local band, but Nyota Ndogo did not take up musical career until being inspired by the hip hop group K-South's lyrics. She was discovered by Andrew Burchell, a Mombasa-based producer. 
Nyota Ndogo has released four albums: "Chereko", "Nimetoka Mbali" "Mpenzi" and "Mama Wakambo", She won Kisima Award for best Taarab singer in 2003 and Best female singer in 2005. She has three nominations for the upcoming 2008 Kisima Awards. She was nominated for the Best Kenyan female artiste at the 2007 PAM Awards. Her song "Watu na Viatu" was nominated for the best East African song at the 2007 Tanzania Music Awards.
Her song "Take Care" is featured on the international "World 2003" compilation album, while "Chereko" is on the "Rough Guide to the Music of Kenya" compilation, the same track was also featured on the "Rough Guides - Off the Beaten Track" compilation.
She has collaborated with Nonini on the track Nibebe and with Necessary Noize on their track "Nataka Toa". She also did a collaborated with Ally B which was a hit in East Africa. Nyota Ndogo also did a collaboration with the famous Tanzanian Artist know as Q Chilla which was a success making her do anther collaboration with Mr Blue who is also a well known Tanzanian Artist. As a result of this collaboration she was among the nominees who were nominated to perform in Kilimanjaro Awards. In 2013 she also did another collaboration with Tember from Tanzania and Bobby Mapesa from Kenya a hit song called Nawachanganya.
Nyota she has represented Kenya in various festivals in East Africa including Sauti za busara and Ziff in Zanzibar,She also represented Kenya in Comoros.Nyota she has also performed in Dubai,Germany,and South Africa. 
The Mombasa song bird was was employed and worked as a radio presenter in of the famous radio station known as Baraka Fm which is based in Mombasa kenya.(coast)
In 2013 she was among the judges in the biggest Tv show in East Africa called Tusker project Fame.The same year she won Best coast Female Artist of the Year 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="20134553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134553" title="Ebussuud Efendi">
Ebussuud Efendi

Ebussuud Efendi (Turkish: "Mehmed Ebussuûd Efendi", 1490–August 23, 1574) was a Hanafi Ottoman jurist and Qur'an exegete. He was also called "El-İmâdî", because his family was from İmâdiyye, "Abū s-Su'ūd" or "Hoca Çelebi".
Ebussuud was the son of İskilipli Sheikh Muhiddin Mehmed Efendi. In the 1530s, Ebussuud served as judge in Bursa, Istanbul and Rumelia, where he brought local laws into conformity with Islamic law ("sharia"). Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent promoted him to Grand Mufti – supreme judge and highest official – in 1545, an office Ebussuud held until his death and which he brought to the peak of its power. He worked closely with the Sultan, issuing judicial opinions that legitimised Suleiman's killings of Yazidis and his successor Selim's attack on Cyprus.
Together with Suleiman, the "Lawgiver", Ebussuud reorganized Ottoman jurisprudence and brought it under tighter governmental control, creating a legal framework joining "sharia" and the Ottoman administrative code ("qānūn"). While the previously prevailing opinion held that judges were free to interpret "sharia", the law that even the ruler was subject to, Ebussuud instituted a framework in which the judicial power was derived from the Sultan's and which compelled judges to follow the Sultan's "qānūn-nāmes", "law-letters", in their application of the law.
In addition to his judicial reforms, Ebussuud is also remembered for the great variety of advisory opinions ("fatwās") he issued. His opinions allowing Karagöz plays and the consumption of coffee, a novelty at the time, are particularly celebrated.

</doc>
<doc id="20134567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134567" title="Electronic Network for Arab-West Understanding">
Electronic Network for Arab-West Understanding

The Electronic Network for Arab-West Understanding (ENAWU) is a specialized information network that links together a network of think-tanks and information repositories in the West and the Arab world.
Background of ENAWU.
The establishment of this network was funded by the Anna Lindh Foundation, the German development organization Misereor, and others.
The network was launched on June 5, 2008 by HRH Prince el-Hassan bin Talal in Jordan. Project directors are Cornelis Hulsman and Sawsan Gabra Ayoub Khalil.
The Objective of ENAWU.
ENAWU aims to foster relations and dialogue between Muslims and non-Muslims by providing access to accurate, credible, and reliable information for use by scholars, diplomats, journalists, students, other researchers and general users. Improving public understanding of the contemporary Islamic world in non-Muslim countries and, similarly, improving public understanding of the contemporary non-Muslim world in Islamic countries can be accomplished by strengthening, improving and expanding reporting. Reporting that will necessarily include analysis of Arab-West cultural issues, religious issues, and other key factors that involve civil society in the Arab world and the West. ENAWU aims at changing the ways in which sensitive topics involving people belonging to other cultures or religions are discussed, stressing the need to refrain from polemics, exaggerations, and other forms of distortion. The ENAWU portal uses the Arab-West Report as a springboard for discussions, recently encouraging interactive online forum discussions on the controversial film 'Fitna' by Dutch MP Geert Wilders.

</doc>
<doc id="20134576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134576" title="Tiszaligeti Strandfürdő">
Tiszaligeti Strandfürdő

Tiszaligeti Strandfürdő is situated in Szolnok. This city is known as the town of the spas. There are several spas and swimming pools in the area, which are visited from all over Europe. In the 1900s spa containing iodine, alkali and hydrogen-carbonate was found in the area. It is used for curing rheumatic and digestive organic diseases. It is a good entertaining facility for those who are healthy, too. There are many pools and slip ways for people who like swimming, but there is an artificial lake where we can boat. For little children the swimming pool offers playgrounds as well. The swimming pool can be used all the year, including winter months.
Sources.
1. Tiszaligeti Strandfürdő
2. Szolnok city homepage

</doc>
<doc id="20134583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134583" title="Sodinha">
Sodinha

Sodinha real name Felipe Monteiro Diogo (born 17 July 1988) is a Brazilian association footballer who currently plays for Italian side Brescia Calcio.
Sodinha started his career with Paulista which signed a 2-year contract in August 2005. In January 2007, he joined Campo Grande ("de facto" associated with Pedrinho VRP) but immediately on loan to Udinese, at age of 18th. He was signed permanently in January 2008.
In July 2008, to gain first team experience, he was loaned to A.S. Bari along with teammate Barreto. On the first of February 2010 he moved to Triestina. However he failed to made without any appearance. Sodinha without a club for 1½ seasons.
In January 2012 he was signed by Ceará and transferred to Serie B team Brescia on 19 July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20134596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134596" title="Thank You (Hellyeah song)">
Thank You (Hellyeah song)

"Thank You" is the third single by heavy metal band Hellyeah from their debut album "Hellyeah". The song is a tribute to all of the band's recently departed family members: Vinnie Paul's brother Dimebag Darrell, Tom Maxwell's mother, and Chad Gray's grandmother. The song reached #37 on the "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20134598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134598" title="John Salusbury (poet)">
John Salusbury (poet)

Sir John Salusbury (1567 – 24 July 1612) was a Welsh knight, politician and poet of the Elizabethan era. He is notable for his opposition to the faction of Robert Devereux, 2nd Earl of Essex and for his patronage of complex acrostic and allegorical poetry that anticipated the Metaphysical movement.
Life.
Salusbury was a member of the Salusbury family of Lleweni in the Vale of Clywd, Denbighshire, where they owned a considerable estate, including Lleweni Hall. Various members of the family acquired honours and appointments through their support of the Tudor monarchs. He was the son of Sir John Salusbury and Katheryn of Berain, and the younger brother of Thomas Salusbury, who was executed in 1586 for his involvement in the Babington Plot against Elizabeth I.
He was born in 1567 and educated at Jesus College, Oxford, where he matriculated in 1581 aged 14. He studied law at the Middle Temple from March 1595. Elizabeth appointed him as squire of the body in the same year. Salubury became noted for his "ostentatious loyalty" to the queen, in contrast to other members of his family, who were associated with Catholic sympathies and plots against her. Salusbury was a staunch Protestant, writing to the queen's minister, Robert Cecil denouncing recusants. He was also an opponent of the Earl of Essex, with whose supporters he came into conflict in local politics. He almost killed his cousin Owen, an Essex supporter, in a fight in 1593.
After the Essex Rebellion in 1601, Salusbury was knighted for his support in suppressing it. His cousins Owen and John were implicated in the rebellion, Owen being killed in the fighting. These conflicts led to the "Wrexham riot" in October 1601, during an election to parliament, in which Salusbury's supporters engaged in violent clashes with the surviving Essex supporters led by Sir Richard Trevor. Salusbury complained to the queen about intimidation. After a recount, he was declared the winner of the election. He became MP for Denbighshire in December 1601, but only took his seat for a few days before parliament was dissolved.
After Elizabeth's death, Essex's surviving supporters returned to favour at the court of her successor James I. Thereafter, Salusbury spent little time in London, with his enemies attempting to discredit him at court. He died on 24 July 1612.
Family.
Salusbury married Ursula Stanley, the illegitimate daughter of Henry Stanley, 4th Earl of Derby and Jane Halsall, in 1586. Their first child, Jane, was born a year later. The couple went on to have ten children, of which five survived to adulthood: four girls and one boy. His only surviving son, Henry Salusbury, succeeded him. Henry became the first of the Salusbury Baronets in 1619.
Literature.
Salusbury was a poet and patron of literature. Several works were dedicated to him. In 1595 Henry Perry dedicated his book of Welsh grammar "Egluryn Ffraethineb" to Salusbury. "Sinetes Passions" (1597) a collection of verse by Robert Parry, was also dedicated to Salusbury. The most important work linked to Salusbury is Robert Chester's epic allegorical poem "Love's Martyr", which is dedicated to both Sir John and his wife Ursula.
Both Parry and Chester seem to have been local Denbighshire writers who formed part of Salusbury's own circle. Salusbury's own poetry may have been published in Parry's collection in the section entitled the "patron's pathetical posies", though this has been disputed. These include a complex symbolic poem addressed to his sister. Other sonnets and love lyrics of his exist in manuscripts.
Chester was probably Salusbury's chaplain or secretary. His long and extremely obscure allegory about a phoenix and turtledove has led to several conflicting interpretations. The most common are that it symbolises either the love of John and Ursula, or alternatively the idealised relationship between Sir John and Queen Elizabeth. Chester's poem contains a series of "Cantos" at the end of the allegory. William Empson argues that the "Cantos" are by Salusbury, as they are similar in style to those appended to Robert Parry's book, displaying Salusbury's "very recognisable facility and ingenuity". E. A. J. Honigmann argues that Salusbury had a fascination with "mystical verse" which contained obscure acrostic puzzles, and that his patronage explains the unique metaphysical symbolism of Parry's, Chester's and his own verse.
Salusbury was also a friend and supporter of Ben Jonson, who may have been the person responsible for organising a group of important poets to contribute verses to supplement Chester's poem. Among these were Jonson himself, John Marston, George Chapman and William Shakespeare, who contributed "The Phoenix and the Turtle". These poems share the imagery of "Love's Martyr" and Sausbury's typical elusive and complex allegorising.

</doc>
<doc id="20134604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134604" title="Whale meat">
Whale meat

Whale meat is the flesh of whales used for consumption by humans or other animals, and broadly includes other consumed parts as blubber, skin, and organs. It is prepared in various ways, and has historically been eaten in many parts of the world, including across Western Europe and Colonial America, and not necessarily restricted to coastal communities, since flesh and blubber can be salt-cured.
Practice of human consumption continues today in Japan, Norway, Iceland, Faroe Islands, by Basques, the Inuit and other indigenous peoples of the United States (including the Makah people of the Pacific Northwest), Canada, Greenland; the Chukchi people of Siberia, and Bequia in the Caribbean Sea.
Human consumption of whale meat has been denounced by detractors on wildlife conservation, toxicity, and animal rights grounds (see whaling controversy).
History.
In Europe, whale could once be hunted locally throughout the Middle Ages for their meat and oil. Under Catholicism, aquatic beings were generally considered "fish"; therefore whale was deemed suitable for eating during Lent and other "lean periods". An alternative explanation is that the Church considered "hot meat" to raise the libido, making it unfit for holy days. Parts submerged in water, such as whale or beaver tails, were considered "cold meat."
Eating whale meat did not end with the Middle Ages in Europe, but rather, whale stock in nearby oceans collapsed due to overexploitation, especially the right whales around the Bay of Biscay. (See History of Whaling.) Thus European whalers (the Basques, especially, were known for their expertise) had to seek out the New World to catch whales. The Dutch (Flemish) were also active in the whaling commerce during the Middle Ages, and a number of records regarding the trafficking of whalemeat and taxation on it occur from historical Flanders (extending to cities like Arras or Calais in the département of Pas de Calais).
French surgeon Ambroise Paré (d. 1590) wrote that "the flesh has no value, but the tongue is soft and delicious and therefore salted; likewise, the blubber, which is distributed across many provinces, and eaten with peas during Lent". This blubber, known as "craspois" or "lard de carême" was food for the poorer strata on the continent. The whaling industry in North America may have supplied rendered fat, partly for consumption in Europe.
In early America, whalemen may have eaten blubber after rendering, which they termed "cracklings" or "fritters", said to be crunchy like toast; these were certainly reused as fuel chips to boil down the fat. Colonial America also more commonly consumed the meat and other portions of the "blackfish" (or pilot whale). However, by the beginning of large-scale commercial whaling, whale meat was not consumed by the general American public, as it was not seen as fit for consumption by so-called civilized peoples.
During the post-World War II period in the United Kingdom, corned whale meat was available as an unrationed alternative to other meats. Sold under the name "whacon", the meat was described as "corned whalemeat with its fishy flavour removed", and was almost identical to corned beef, except "brownish instead of red". The Food Ministry emphasised its "high food value".
Species hunted.
Minke whale is one of the most common species still hunted in substantial numbers. Baleen whales other than the minke are endangered, though they are taken in numbers by indigenous peoples who traditionally hunt them, and more lately, the whaling nations have resumed hunting larger baleen whales openly.
In 1998-1999, Harvard researchers published their DNA identifications of samples of whalemeat they obtained in the Japanese market, and found that mingled among the presumably legal (i.e. minke whale meat) was a sizeable proportion of dolphin and porpoise meats, and instances of endangered species such as fin whale and humpback whale. (blue whale DNA was also detected in the study, but researchers have attributed those findings to crossbreeding with fin whales, and that view has since been strengthened.)
In recent years Japan has resumed taking North Pacific fin whale and sei whales in their research whaling. The fin whales are highly desired because they yield arguably the best quality of tail meat ("onomi"). Japanese research vessels refer to the harvested whale meat as incidental byproducts which have resulted from study. 
In Japan, the "research" whale meat was sold at officially published prices, but since 2011 an auction bid system has been adopted and actual realized prices have not been posted.
The channels through which premium cuts such as fin whale tail meat are sold remain opaque. A report by one of the Greenpeace Japan activists who intercepted whale meat package deliveries got no further than the sentiment by one restauranteur that it would take Nagatachō (i.e. high government) connections to get it.
Regions.
In places such as Norway, Iceland, and Alaska, whale meat may be served without seasoning. However, it can also be cured or marinated, or made into jerky.
Greenland.
The consumption of whale meat by the Inuit people in Greenland is part of their culture. However, in recent times, tourists have begun to consume the meat. A Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society (WDCS) investigation has documented the practice of commercial wholesalers commissioning subsistence whalers to supply the demand by supermarkets. Whale products in Greenland are sold in 4-star hotels.
Japan.
Whales have been hunted for meat in Japan since before 800 AD. After World War II, due to damage to Japan's infrastructure, whale meat became an important source of protein.
In modern-day Japan, two cuts of whale meat are usually created: the belly meat and the tail meat, very crudely speaking. In the early 19th century, 70 different cuts were known. People still call the belly and tail cuts by their special whalemeat names, and also, different parts of the body such as tongue have rather unique jargon names (see below). The tail meat is not the same as the fluke (tail flipper), and they go by different names.
As previously mentioned, different cuts of whale meat have specialised names. The belly meat, in the striped bellows-like underbelly of baleen whales "from the lower jaw to the navel", is called and is known for being made into whale bacon.
The prized tail meat, called or are two strips of muscle that run from the dorsal to the base of the fluke. The tail meat is regarded as marbled, and is eaten as sashimi or tataki. Even Masanori Hata (aka Mutsugorō) a zoologist author and animal shelter operator has extolled the delicacy of the tail meat. It can only be derived from larger baleen whales, and the fin whale's meat has been considered superior. When the ban on this species was in place and Japan supposedly complied, what was claimed to be genuine fin whale was still available, and legitimized as "grandfathered" goods, i.e., frozen stock from animals caught when still legal. In the past when blue whale hunting was still conducted by all nations, its tail fin was served in Japan.
The other portions are labelled lean, or and command much lower prices than the tail.
The fluke or tail flipper is referred to as either or . After being cured in salt it is thinly sliced, scalded with hot water and rinsed, and served as "sarashi kujira "(pictured).
The tongue, called is often processed and used in high-end oden. The fried skin after the blubber is called "koro", and analogous to "fritter/crackling".
The Japanese article under 鯨肉 provides a more extensive list, which includes the intestines, sex organs and other offal.
Some other dishes are: cubed and grilled blubber, cartilage salads, and whale skin stew.
As of 2006, in Japan, 5,560 tons of whale meat worth ¥5.5 billion is sold in every year. The Japanese market has declined in recent years, with prices falling to $12 per pound in 2004, down $3 per pound from 1999. Fluke meat can sell for over $200 per kilogram, over three times the price of belly meat.
Greenpeace has alleged that some of the meat on sale is illegally sourced. They have claimed that it has been illegally smuggled from crew members of research ships and that more meat is caught than can be consumed by humans, with up to 20% of 2004's catch going unsold.
Native Alaskan communities.
For thousands of years, Native Alaskans of the Arctic have depended on whale meat. The meat is harvested from legal, non-commercial hunts that occur twice a year in the spring and autumn. The meat is stored and eaten throughout the winter.
Tikiġaġmiut, Iñupiat living on the coast of Alaska, divided their catch into 10 sections. The fatty tail, considered to be the best part, went to the captain of the conquering vessel, while the less-desired sections were given to his crew and others that assisted with the kill.
The skin and blubber, known as muktuk, taken from the bowfin, beluga, or narwhal is also valued, and is eaten raw or cooked. "Mikigaq" is the fermented whale meat.
Faroe Islands.
Whaling in the Faroe Islands in the North Atlantic has been practiced since about the time of the first Norse settlements on the islands. Around 1000 Long-finned Pilot Whales ("Globicephala melaena") are killed annually, mainly during the summer. The hunts, called "grindadráp" in Faroese, are organized on a community level.
Both the meat and blubber are stored and prepared in various ways, including Tvøst og spik. When fresh, the meat is often boiled. It can also be served as steak (grindabúffur). This dish comprises meat and blubber, which is salted and then boiled for an hour, served with potatoes. The meat can also be hung out to dry and then served in thin slivers. At parties some choose to serve "kalt borð" (cold table), which means a variety of cold food, which can include dried whale meat, dried blubber or blubber which is preserved in water with much salt in it, dried fish, dried sheep meat, etc. Traditionally, whale meat was preserved by hanging salted pieces (called "likkjur") outdoors under a roof to be dried in the wind. This method is still used today, particularly in villages. Today, both meat and blubber can also by stored in freezers.
In 2008, Faroe Islands Chief Medical Officer Høgni Debes Joensen and Pál Weihe of the Department of Public and Occupational Health recommended that pilot whales no longer be considered fit for human consumption due to the presence of DDT derivatives, PCBs and mercury in the meat. Their recommendation was based on research suggesting a correlation between mercury intake and the high rate of Parkinson's disease on the islands. As of 1 June 2011, the Faroese Food and Veterinary Authority has advised Faroe Islanders not to eat the kidney or liver of pilot whales, not to consume more than one serving per month, and, for women and girls, to refrain from eating blubber if they plan to have children and to refrain from whale meat entirely if they are breastfeeding, pregnant or planning to conceive in the following three months.
Toxicity.
Tests have revealed that in whale meat sold in the Faroe Islands and Japan, high levels of mercury and other toxins are present. A research study was conducted by Tetsuya Endo, Koichi Haraguchi and Masakatsu Sakata at the University of Hokkaido found high levels of mercury in the organs of whales, particularly the liver. They stated that "Acute intoxication could result from a single ingestion" of liver. The study found that liver samples for sale in Japan contained, on average, 370 micrograms of mercury per gram of meat, 900 times the government's limit. Levels detected in kidneys and lungs were approximately 100 times higher than the limit.
Environmental impact.
Norwegian-based High North Alliance, has suggested that the carbon footprint resulting from eating whale meat is substantially lower than that of beef. Greenpeace has responded that, "The survival of a species is more important than lower greenhouse gas emissions from eating it." Many organizations, including Greenpeace and Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, have criticised the whale trade for preying on endangered species.
Anti-whaling efforts.
Groups such as the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society have attempted to disrupt commercial whaling with varying degrees of success.

</doc>
<doc id="20134608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134608" title="1958 France rugby union tour of South Africa">
1958 France rugby union tour of South Africa

Touring party.
Forwards.
Raoul Barrière
Jean Barthe
Robert Baulon
Jean Carrère
Louis Casaux
Michel Celaya
Pierre Danos
Jean Dupuy
Louis Echave
Pierre Fremaux
Jean de Grogorio
André Haget
Pierre Lacaze
Pierre Lacroix
Jacques Lepatey
Arnaud Marquesuzaa
Roger Martine
Bernard Mommejat
François Moncla
Aldo Quaglio
Henri Rancoule
Lucien Roge
Alfred Roques
Guy Stener
Michel Vannier
Roger Vigier

</doc>
<doc id="20134616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134616" title="14-18">
14-18

14-18 (also known as Over There, 1914-18) is a 1963 French documentary film directed by Jean Aurel. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20134618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134618" title="John Perry (bishop)">
John Perry (bishop)

John Freeman Perry (born 15 June 1935) is a retired Anglican bishop.
Perry was educated at Mill Hill School, the London College of Divinity and St John's College, Nottingham. After ordination he was a curate at Christ Church, Woking until 1962,after which he held a similar post at Christ Church, Chorleywood before becoming vicar of St Andrew's in the same town in 1963; and in 1972 Rural Dean of Rickmansworth. From 1977 until 1989 he was Warden of Lee Abbey when he was ordained to the episcopate as the Bishop of Southampton. Translated to Chelmsford in 1996 he was awarded an honorary doctorate by Anglia Ruskin University in 2001 and retired to Shaftesbury two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20134620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134620" title="Léon Deladerrière">
Léon Deladerrière

Léon Deladerrière (26 July 1927 – 13 March 2013) was a French footballer and coach. 
He played for FC Nancy and Toulouse FC.
After his playing career, he became a coach with Toulouse FC, FC Nancy, LB Châteauroux, FC Mulhouse and US Boulogne .

</doc>
<doc id="20134648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134648" title="List of archaeological sites in Thurrock">
List of archaeological sites in Thurrock

This list of archaeological sites includes finds and excavations that have taken place in the area now covered by the Thurrock unitary authority. The list is arranged by location and then chronologically by the date of the discovery or excavation. The archaeological finds and features cover all periods from the paleolithic to the 20th century. Most editions of Panorama (the Journal of the Thurrock Local History Society) contain further information about local archaeology. A brief review of archaeology in Thurrock by the Mucking weekenders is in an article by Margaret Jones in Panorama 24. There is a fuller account of archaeology in Thurrock between 1954 and 2002 (including reminiscences of the Mucking excavation) in "Thurrock Gold" published by the Thurrock Local History Society. 
Recent editions of "Essex Archaeology and History" contain short reports of archaeological activity in Essex (including Thurrock) during the previous year. These reports include trial excavations and surveys that revealed no significant features or finds and which are not included in this list.
This list does not include most individual finds housed in the Thurrock Museum. Many Roman-British and Saxon finds in the museum are listed in "The Archaeology of Thurrock: Romano-British and Saxon" by Randal Bingley (supplement to Panorama - the Journal of the Thurrock Local History Society, 1973).
Sites of archaeological finds or excavations.
Little Thurrock.
(see also Tilbury Docks) 
Purfleet.
Sites listed under West Thurrock

</doc>
<doc id="20134650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134650" title="Arnold Walker">
Arnold Walker

Arnold 'Boxer' Walker is a former international rugby league player who plied his trade as a , or for Cumbrian rivals Workington Town and Whitehaven.
Born in Whitehaven, Arnold earned the nickname 'Boxer' as a child after he received a pair of boxing gloves as a gift; in his own words, "I wore them , the name just stuck."
He played professional rugby league for both Workington and Whitehaven and has the unusual honour of still being loved by both sets of fans, despite the fierce rivalry that exists between them. He transferred between the clubs for a fee of £30,000. He earned a reputation for being a hard man on the pitch due to his insatiable appetite for battle and fearless style of play no matter who the opposition. He received a career ending neck injury in 1983.
International honours.
Arnold 'Boxer' Walker won a cap for England while at Whitehaven in 1981 against France, and won a cap for Great Britain while at Whitehaven in 1980 against New Zealand.
Honoured at both Workington Town, and Whitehaven.
Arnold 'Boxer' Walker is both a Workington Town and Whitehaven Hall Of Fame Inductee.
Outside of Rugby League.
Arnold 'Boxer' Walker still resides in his home town of Kells, Whitehaven.

</doc>
<doc id="20134651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134651" title="Ridgewood School">
Ridgewood School

Ridgewood School is an academy in Scawsby, Doncaster, England. The school gained academy status on 1 November 2011, and is also a specialist Engineering College.
Ridgewood School accepts pupils from the surrounding areas of Sprotbrough, Sprotbrough village (or Upper Sprotbrough) and Scawsby. Pupils from Upper Sprotbrough who previously attended NDTC (formerly Adwick Secondary School), are now in the catchment area of Ridgewood. Ridgewood School performs well in Doncaster's league tables for GCSE and other results, often in the top 3 or 4 schools. 
The school caters for 6th formers with courses including engineering. It competes in sporting and non-sporting events including fishing, cross country, football and netball. 
Ridgewood School neighbours New Stone Hill School, a special school which was formerly the Anchorage School, and before that, a teacher training college. It has an open playing field towards the back of the site, which is surrounded by open fields used for agriculture. To one side of the playing field is an abandoned railway line which runs through Scawsby and Sprotbrough.

</doc>
<doc id="20134656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134656" title="Marie Baby-Sitter">
Marie Baby-Sitter

Marie Baby-Sitter is a windows game developed by Tokkun Studio for Gost Publishing and Tivola.
The game is distributed by Eidos in France, Transposia in Benelux, Tivola in Germany and Viva Media in North America.
Marie Baby-Sitter is a life simulation game where the player acts a baby-sitter who must take care of kids between 6 months and 3 years old.
The player must nourish kids, play with them, verify that they are clean, tell stories to them, go to the park. Next to this job, the player must also lives the private life of the baby-sitter : wash the house, shopping, sleep, ...
The game offers a large amount of customizing in including a character editor where you can choose face, hair, skin colour, clothes. You can also customize your home in buying various furniture in the stores. 

</doc>
<doc id="20134664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134664" title="Sack of Cashel">
Sack of Cashel

The Sack of Cashel (also known as the Massacre of Cashel) was a notorious atrocity which occurred in the Irish County of Tipperary in the year 1647, during the Irish Confederate Wars, part of the Wars of the Three Kingdoms. The town of Cashel was held by the Irish Catholic Confederate's Munster army and was besieged and taken by an English Protestant Parliamentarian army under Murrough O'Brien the Baron of Inchiquin. The attack and subsequent sack of Cashel was one of the more brutal incidents of the wars of the 1640s in Ireland.
The Munster Mutiny.
The Sack of Cashel occurred against the background of a complex conflict in the south of Ireland. In 1642, most the province of Munster had fallen to Irish Catholic rebels with the exception of Cork city and a few towns along the south coast, which remained in the hands of Protestant, largely English settlers. Since then, the province had been fought over by the Catholics, organised in the Catholic Confederation, and the Protestants, led by the Earl of Inchiquin. 
The political and military situation was further fragmented by the English Civil War, in which the Catholics gave their support to King Charles I, and the Protestants, since 1643, to the English Parliament. What was more, the Confederate Catholics were themselves split over the terms on which they should sign a peace deal with the King. A deep rift developed within their ranks in 1647 between those who were prepared to accept a mere toleration of Catholicism in return for an alliance with the English Royalists and those who in effect wanted Ireland to be Catholic kingdom, albeit under sovereignty of the Stuart monarchy. This infighting was to fatally hamper the war effort of the Confederates in Munster and make possible the Protestant sack of Cashel. 
On the 12th of June in 1647, Donough MacCarthy, the Viscount of Muskerry entered the camp of the Irish Confederate Munster army. The Viscount Muskerry was probably the most powerful Confederate leader in Munster and was known to be sympathetic to the powerful Irish Royalist Ormonde. At that time, the Munster army was commanded by 
the Earl of Glamorgan, an English Catholic nobleman who had been granted command of the army by the Confederate Supreme council for reasons of political expediency, being aligned neither to the Royalist nor clerical faction. 
Glamorgan was not popular, partly because he was English but also because he lacked money to regularly pay the soldiers. Muskerry was unsatisfied with the direction the Irish Confederate Supreme Council was headed under the influence of Rinuccinni and realised that he was in a position to influence the army of Munster and thereby strengthen his hand. 
He won the army over within an hour. A ceremony was afterwards arranged in which Glamorgan handed over command to Muskerry but this was merely to save face. Muskerry desired to turn his full attention to the politics of the Irish Confederations supreme council, and so immediately after the ceremony, Muskerry resigned in favour of Theobald Taaffe, a nobleman who had joined the Irish Confederates but who was known to be sympathetic to Royalism. Unfortunately for the Confederates, Lord Taaffe would subsequently prove to be one of the most incompetent leaders to command an Irish army during the 1640s.
Even worse, while the Munster Army was paralysed by the intrigues of its commanders, Inchiquin's Protestant forces had embarked on a highly destructive campaign in Confederate held territory.
Inchiquin's Offensive.
In the summer of 1647 the Baron of Inchiquin, the Irish Protestant commander of the Protestant army of Cork, commenced a campaign against the Irish Catholic strongholds in Munster. The counties of Limerick and Clare were raided and he soon turned his attention to the bountiful eastern counties of Munster. In early September, his forces quickly took the Castle of Cahir in Tipperary. This strong castle was well positioned to become a base for the Cork Protestant army, and it was used to raid and devastate the surrounding countryside. The Munster army under Lord Taaffe did not make any serious effort to oppose Inchiquin, probably the result of the political scheming of Muskerry and other powerful Irish lords who hoped to keep the Munster army intact for their own ends. As such, Inchiquin was allowed to make a major push towards the town and ecclesiastical centre of Cashel.
The Attack.
Inchiquin had already launched two minor raids against Cashel, and he now had the opportunity to launch a major assault. The Parliamentarian forces first stormed nearby Roche Castle, putting fifty warders to the sword. This attack terrified the local inhabitants of the region, some of whom fled to hiding places, while hundreds of others fled promptly to the Rock of Cashel, a stronger place than the town itself. Lord Taaffe had placed six companies in the fortified churchyard that sat upon the rock, and considered the place defensible, though he himself did not stay to put it to the test, leaving command to the Governor Lieutenant-Colonel Butler. 
Arriving with his army at the Rock, Inchiquin called for surrender within an hour. The defenders of the churchyard offered to negotiate, but that was refused, and on the afternoon of the 15th of September the assault commenced. The Parliamentarians were first reminded of earlier atrocities against Protestants, and then began to deploy. The attack was led by around 150 dismounted horse officers (who wore more armour than the foot) with the remainder of the infantry following; troops of horse rode along the flanks of the advancing force to encourage the infantry. The Irish soldiers attempted to drive off the attackers with pikes while the civilians inside hurled rocks down from the walls: in turn the attackers hurled firebrands into the compound, setting some of the buildings inside on fire. Although many were wounded, the Parliamentarians gradually fought their way over the walls, pushing the garrison into the church. 
Initially, the Irish defenders managed to protect the Church, holding off the attackers trying to get through the doors, but the Parliamentarians then placed numerous ladders against the many windows in the church and swarmed the building. For another half an hour fighting raged inside the church, until the depleted defenders retreated up the bell tower. Only sixty soldiers of the garrison remained at this point, and they thus accepted a call to surrender. However, after they had descended the tower and thrown their swords away, all were killed.
The Sack.
In the end all the soldiers (save a single major) and most of the civilians on the Rock were killed by the attackers. The Bishop and Mayor of Cashel along with a few others survived by taking shelter in a secret hiding place. Apart from these a few women were spared, after being stripped of their clothes, and a small number of wealthy civilians were taken prisoner, but these were the exceptions. Overall, close to 1,000 were killed, amongst them Lieutenant-Colonel Butler and catholic scholar Theobald Stapleton. The bodies in the churchyard were described by a witness as being five or six deep.
The slaughter was followed by extensive plunder. There was much of value inside, for apart from pictures, chalices and vestments of the church, many of the slain civilians had also brought their valuables with them. The sword and mace of the mayor of Cashel, as well as the coach of the bishop were captured. The plunder was accompanied by acts of iconoclasm, with statues smashed and pictures defaced. The deserted town of Cashel was also torched.
Aftermath.
The atrocity at Cashel caused a deep impact in Ireland, as it was the worst single atrocity committed in Ireland since the start of fighting in 1641. Previously, the most infamous massacre amongst the Catholic population was that at Timolin in 1643, when 200 civilians were killed by Ormonde's English Royalist army, but many more than this were killed at Cashel, and the Rock of Cashel was one of the chief holy places of Ireland. The slaughter of the garrison at Cashel and the subsequent devastation of Catholic held Munster earned Inchiquin the Irish nickname, "Murchadh na Dóiteáin" or "Murrough of the Burnings". 
The political ramifications in the Irish confederation were also profound, serving to exacerbate the split between the Catholic party headed by Giovanni Battista Rinuccini and those sympathetic to the Royalist lord Ormonde. The former were enraged by the attack, and desired retribution against Inchiquin and his army, but the Ormondist faction saw the Sack of Cashel and a subsequent raid by Inchiquin's men into County Kilkenny as evidence of the futility of defending Ireland without Royalist support. In the short term, Lord Taffe came under intense pressure from the Confederate leadership to engage Inchiquin. When he did so in November, the politically divided and badly led Munster army was routed and destroyed at the Battle of Knocknanuss. This was the second Confederate army to be destroyed in less than six months, the Leinster Army having been annihilated at the battle of Dungans Hill in August.
In consequence, the Confederates had no option but to sign a truce with Inchiquin, an act which deeply alienated many Confederates and Catholic clergy, who had been appalled at Inchiquin's brutal tactics in Munster. These divisions would lead to the brief but bloody Irish Confederate Civil War in 1648. Inchiquin withdrew his support for the English Parliament in the same year and entered with the Confederates into a Royalist alliance.
Despite the massacre, Inchiquin converted to Roman Catholicism while in exile in France 1656. 

</doc>
<doc id="20134673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134673" title="Nybrua">
Nybrua

Nybrua is a bridge over the Akerselva in Oslo. The bridge lies in the area of Grünerløkka and links the streets Storgata with Trondheimsveien and Thorvald Meyers gate.
Nybrua was built in 1827. At the same time, Storgata was lengthened and the bottom part of Trondheimsveien was created. As Christiania's most important entrance point from the North, it became a part of "Trondhjemske hovedvei". Later, Brugata, Vaterlands bru and Lakkegata were also added to the route, to the north of the city.
Nybrua was later extended and strengthened to take trams and modern motor traffic, but parts of the original structure can still be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="20134675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134675" title="Halsbury's Statutory Instruments">
Halsbury's Statutory Instruments

Halsbury’s Statutory Instruments is the standard work of authority on delegated legislation in England and Wales. It is one of the major legal works published by LexisNexis Butterworths (formerly Butterworths). Primarily used by legal practitioners and law students, it provides details of every statutory instrument of general application currently in force in England and Wales, either in full text of as an authoritative summary.
It is a companion work to both "Halsbury's Statutes" and "Halsbury's Laws of England".
Publication of this work began in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20134676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134676" title="Harshil">
Harshil

Harshil is a village in a valley situated in on the bank of river Bhagirathi, at the confluence of the Jalandhari Gadh and the Bhagirathi, in the shadow of the mountain that lies at the head of the Baspa Valley (Uttarakhand). Harshil is connected to the Baspa valley by several passes including the Lamkhaga Pass. Apart from Matri and Kailash mountains, on the right side there is the Shrikanth peak, behind which lies Kedarnath, and in the rear there is Banderpunch. This hamlet is known for its natural beauty and delicious apples. The winding roads, tall conifers, mountains, the turbulent Bhagirathi, apple orchards, streams, waterfalls and green meadows — all all typical of Harshil.
Ghatge is a small one-lane town with very few residents. A narrow lane runs through it and is bordered on both sides by wooden houses in typical Garhwali architectural style. There are little streams, swept by willow trees, with dainty bridges across them and forest trails. Harshil lies on the old caravan trail between Tibet and India, when trade and marriages flourished between the two countries. Harshil has a sizable Bhotia population – many of whom use Harshil as their winter base.
locality.
The people live in very tough climatic conditions. The fact that Raj Kapoor’s Hindi film, Ram Teri Ganga Maili, was shot here is a source of great pride for them – celebrated through numerous posters of the nubile heroine displayed in various shops. The army has a strong presence in this town – and an army camp is based here perhaps because Harshil lies quite close to the Chinese border.
Etymology.
It is said that Harshil got its name because the rivers Bhagirathi and the Jalandhari once had an argument about which was more important. Lord Vishnu, also known as Hari, was asked to intervene. He turned himself into a great stone, a shila, and absorbed their anger. And even today, after Hari-shila (or Harshil), the waters of the two rivers become a little less turbulent.
Access.
Harshil is well connected by road and there are several camping facilities in and around the place. Harshil is on the route to Gangotri,a very popular Hindu temple and is well connected by road. Harshil lies 176 Kilometres from the district headquarters, UttarKashi. 
History.
Harshil’s history is inextricably linked with that of a Britisher, Fredrick Wilson, who settled here in the early 19th century and introduced the residents to potato and apple-growing – and even today Harshil’s apples are well known throughout the region.

</doc>
<doc id="20134684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134684" title="Cornelis van Eck">
Cornelis van Eck

Cornelis van Eck (1662–1732) was a Dutch jurist and poet.
Born in Arnhem, he studied literature in Utrecht and law in Leiden, attaining his doctorate under Johannes Voet in 1682. His dissertation, "De septem damnatis legibus", saw seven re-editions. He was called upon to teach in Franeker in 1686 and was appointed to a professorship in Utrecht in 1693.
Van Eck wrote a 1689 civil law textbook, "Principia juris civilis secundum ordinem Digestorem," that saw use in Dutch law courses up until the early 19th century. His Latin poetry was also well received by his contemporaries.

</doc>
<doc id="20134696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134696" title="Igor Đurić">
Igor Đurić

Igor Đurić may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20134698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134698" title="Relief valve (disambiguation)">
Relief valve (disambiguation)

Relief valve may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20134703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134703" title="Live in Seattle 2002">
Live in Seattle 2002

Live in Seattle 2002 is a live album by Eric Burdon and his current band called "The New Animals". While Burdon had no new studio album released, he performed hits from the sixties. On "Spill the Wine" they were joined by Lee Oskar on harmonica.

</doc>
<doc id="20134710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134710" title="Moissei Eljaschoff">
Moissei Eljaschoff

Moissei Zacharowits Eljaschoff (24 June 1870 – 1919) was a Lithuanian chess master, 
He was the older brother of Dr. Israel Isidor Elyashev, the first Yiddish literary critic.
He won a match against Carl Carls (3 : 1) at Berlin 1902. He tied for 3rd-6th at Hanover 1902 (the 13th DSB Congress, "Haupturnier B", Leo Fleischmann won), took 2nd behind Hans Fahrni at Coburg 1904 (the 14th DSB Congress, "Haupturnier B"), took 3rd at Munich 1904 ("Quadrangular", Rudolf Spielmann won), tied for 3rd-5th at Munich 1906 ("Hexagonal", Aron Nimzowitsch won), took 13th in the Ostend 1907 chess tournament ("Hauptturnier B", Georg Schories won).
His best achievement was the 2nd place, behind Friedrich Köhnlein, at Düsseldorf 1908 (the 16th DSB Congress, "Haupturnier A"). He shared for 4th at St. Petersburg 1909 (Alexander Alekhine won), tied for 5-6th at Hamburg 1910 (the 17th DSB Congress, "Haupturnier B"), took 20th at St. Petersburg 1911 (Stepan Levitsky won), tied for 7-8th at Breslau 1912 (the 18th DSB Congress, "Haupturnier A", Bernhard Gregory won), took 17th at Vilna 1912 ("Haupturnier A", Karel Hromadka won), and tied for 17-18th at St. Petersburg 1913/14 (All-Russian Masters' Tournament, Alekhine and Nimzowitsch won).
References.
Eljaschoff was born at Krustpils, Latvia and hence was Latvian, not Lithuanian - source: Chess Personalia by J. Gaige.

</doc>
<doc id="20134715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134715" title="The Human Dutch">
The Human Dutch

The Human Dutch () is a 1963 Dutch documentary film directed by Bert Haanstra. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. It was also selected as the Dutch entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 37th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="20134729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134729" title="Tokkun Studio">
Tokkun Studio

Tokkun Studio is a video game studio and service provider for multimedia and cinema.
Based in Annecy in France and Ajaccio in Corsica, the studio was found by Benoît Ferrière and David Pernicci, two graphic designers from the video games industry.
Softography.
Tokkun Studio participated in various video games :

</doc>
<doc id="20134730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134730" title="Dejan Lazić">
Dejan Lazić

Dejan Lazić (born in Zagreb, 1977) is a Croatian pianist and composer, and a naturalised Austrian citizen.
His fresh interpretations of the piano repertoire have established him as one of the most sought-after and unusual soloists of his generation. He has appeared with such orchestras as the Budapest Festival Orchestra, Rotterdam Philharmonic, Philharmonia Orchestra, City of Birmingham Symphony, Bamberger Symphoniker, Swedish Radio, Danish National, Helsinki Philharmonic, Australian Chamber Orchestra and NHK Symphony Orchestra, working with such conductors as Iván Fischer, Vladimir Ashkenazy, Giovanni Antonini, Kirill Petrenko, Robert Spano and John Storgårds.
Dejan Lazić made his BBC Proms debut in summer 2011, performing two concerts; once with BBC Philharmonic Orchestra, to give the UK premiere of his own arrangement of the Brahms Violin Concerto for piano and orchestra and again to perform Liszt with Budapest Festival Orchestra and Iván Fischer. Further performances with BFO/Fischer in the current season include dates in Budapest and on tour in Gent, Milan and at the Beethovenfest Bonn. He appears also with the Kammerorchester Basel, performing at the Vienna Konzerthaus, Hamburger Philharmoniker at Hamburger Ostertöne festival, Trondheim Symphony, Helsinki Philharmonic and, further afield, Orquestra Sinfônica do Estado de São Paulo, plus Pacific and Atlanta Symphony Orchestras.
Lazić enjoys a significant following in the Far East appearing with orchestras such as NHK Symphony Orchestra, Yomiuri Nippon Symphony Orchestra (including concerts at Tokyo's Suntory Hall & Metropolitan Art Space), Sapporo Symphony, Seoul Philharmonic, Hong Kong Philharmonic, as well as a series of recitals throughout Japan and at the Forbidden City Concert Hall in Beijing, China. In summer 2008 he performed Beethoven's 3rd Piano Concerto at the Beijing Great Hall of People in a televised pre-Olympics gala concert for an audience of 7,000.
Alongside his solo career, Dejan Lazic is also a passionate chamber musician. Recently Artist in Residence with the Netherlands Chamber Orchestra, he has given recitals at Amsterdam Concertgebouw, London Queen Elizabeth Hall, Munich Prinzregententheater, Washington Kennedy Center, plus in Montreal, Tokyo, Beijing and Istanbul.
He records for Channel Classics and has released a dozen critically acclaimed recordings so far, including works by Scarlatti/Bartók and Schumann/Brahms, all as part of his Liaisons series; the next in the series will couple together CPE Bach/Britten. His live recording of Rachmaninov Piano Concerto No 2 with London Philharmonic Orchestra/Kirill Petrenko received the prestigious German Echo Klassik Award 2009. His latest release is a disc featuring Beethoven's 4th Piano Concerto, recorded live with the Australian Chamber Orchestra led by Richard Tognetti.
Dejan Lazić is also active as a composer. His works include various piano compositions, chamber music and orchestral works, as well as cadenzas for Mozart, Haydn, and Beethoven Piano Concertos. His arrangement of Brahms’s Violin Concerto for piano and orchestra was premiered with the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra and Robert Spano in 2009 and further performances this season, in addition to BBC Proms, will include at Amsterdam’s Concertgebouw and in Japan. A live recording of the concerto was released in January 2010 to great critical acclaim. Currently he is working on his own Piano Concerto.
Born into a musical family in Zagreb, Croatia, Lazić grew up in Salzburg, Austria, where he studied at the Mozarteum. He now lives in Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="20134741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134741" title="My Friend (Groove Armada song)">
My Friend (Groove Armada song)

"My Friend" is a song by English electronica duo Groove Armada, released as the second single released from their third studio album, "Goodbye Country (Hello Nightclub)" (2001). The song features vocals by Celetia Martin and contains a sample from "Gotta Learn How to Dance" by Fatback Band and samples a drum break from Skull Snaps' "It's a New Day". The lyrics, melody, vocal phrasing and vocal timbre are nearly identical to Brandy's 1995 hit "Best Friend". The song was featured in a Dutch television commercial for Royal Club soft drinks in 2002, which resulted in a re-release of the single in the Netherlands and a higher charting in the Dutch singles charts than the year before.

</doc>
<doc id="20134745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134745" title="Villa Unión Municipality">
Villa Unión Municipality

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 6,138.

</doc>
<doc id="20134756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134756" title="Zaragoza Municipality, Coahuila">
Zaragoza Municipality, Coahuila

Zaragoza is one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, a state in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Zaragoza. The municipality covers an area of 8183.5 km². It is near the American border of Texas. 
Zaragoza has an abundance of natural resources like fluoride, silver and lead. Zaragoza's local economy consists of agriculture, some industry, livestock, tourism and commercial/retail.
It is one of the cities in the "5 manantiales" (5 springs) region in northern Coahuila. The celebrations commemorating Zaragoza's founding on 1 February 1753 are a popular attraction, and feature a traditional "cabalgata" or horse trail ride with horse pulled vintage buggies. On 7 August 1827, the name of the town was changed to San Fernando de Rosas, and to Zaragoza on the 27 February 1868.
Zaragoza has a local television station "TELECABLE", and a local radio station called "XEZR 800am".

</doc>
<doc id="20134760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134760" title="The Finest Hours">
The Finest Hours

The Finest Hours is a 1964 British documentary film about Winston Churchill, directed by Peter Baylis. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20134766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134766" title="Michel Lafranceschina">
Michel Lafranceschina

Michel Lafranceschina (born February 28, 1939) is a French former footballer and coach
He played for Grenoble, Lens, Lille, Sochaux, Limoges and Bourges.
After his playing career, he became a coach with Grenoble.

</doc>
<doc id="20134770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134770" title="House of Lynden">
House of Lynden

The House of Lynden (van Lynden) is one of the oldest families of the Dutch nobility, originating in the Duchy of Guelders. This family later gave rise to different branches. Most remained in the Netherlands and gave several Dutch politicians, ministers and military leaders. One branch settled further south, in the Prince-Bishopric of Liège, several members of which became politicians, ministers, religious and military leaders serving Liège, the Holy Roman Empire, then Belgium.
History of the family.
The oldest van Lynden (Linde) is mentioned in the year 1307. The family takes it name from the village Lienden in the Dutch province of Gelderland. In the 19th and 20th century the family produced several notable politicians, and officially recognized as being noble. Members carry the title of baron or count.

</doc>
<doc id="20134779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134779" title="Aziz Jahjah">
Aziz Jahjah

Aziz "Boutahar" Jahjah (Arabic: زيز جهجه; born April 25, 1980 in Roosendaal, Netherlands) is a Belgian-Moroccan super heavyweight kickboxer, fighting out of Golden Glory Gym in Breda, Netherlands. He is former WFCA Muay Thai World champion, currently fighting in K-1

</doc>
<doc id="20134780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134780" title="Multiracial American">
Multiracial American

Multiracial Americans are Americans who have mixed ancestry of "two or more races". The term may also include Americans of mixed-race ancestry who identify with just one group culturally and socially. On the 2010 US census, approximately 9 million individuals, or 2.9% of the population, self-identified as multiracial. There is evidence that an accounting by genetic ancestry would produce a higher number, but people live according to social and cultural identities, not DNA. Historical reasons, including slavery creating a racial caste and the European-American suppression of Native Americans, often led people to identify or be classified by only one ethnicity, generally that of the culture they were raised in. Prior to the mid-20th century, many people hid their multiracial heritage because of racial discrimination against minorities. While many Americans may be technically multi-racial, they often do not know it or do not identify so culturally, any more than they maintain all the differing traditions of a variety of national ancestries.
After a period of racial segregation in the former Confederacy following Reconstruction and social segregation in many areas of the country, more people are forming interracial unions again. Social conditions have changed and increasingly diverse immigration has brought new groups to the United States. The number of acknowledged interracial couples and mixed-race children has increased in the United States. In addition, since the 1980s, the United States has had a growing multiracial identity movement. Because of citizen requests, the 2000 census for the first time allowed residents to identify as multiracial by checking more than one ethnicity. In 2008 Barack Obama was elected as the first multiracial President of the United States; he has an acknowledged multiracial background and identifies as African American.
History.
The American people are mostly multi-ethnic descendants of various culturally distinct immigrant groups, many of which have now developed nations. Some consider themselves multiracial, while acknowledging race as a social construct. Creolization, assimilation and integration have been continuing processes. The African-American Civil Rights Movement (1955–1968) and other social movements since the mid-twentieth century worked to achieve social justice and equal enforcement of civil rights under the constitution for all ethnicities. In the 2000s, less than 5% of the population identified as multiracial. In many instances, mixed racial ancestry is so far back in an individual's family history (for instance, before the Civil War or earlier), that it does not affect more recent ethnic and cultural identification.
Interracial relationships, common-law marriages and marriages have occurred since the earliest colonial years, especially before slavery hardened as a racial caste associated with people of African descent in the British colonies. Virginia and other colonies passed laws in the 17th century that gave children the social status of their mother, according to the principle of "partus sequitur ventrem," regardless of the father's race or citizenship. This overturned the principle in English common law, that a man gave his status to his children – this had enabled communities to demand that fathers support their children, whether legitimate or not. The change increased white men's ability to use slave women sexually, as they had no responsibility for the children. If the master as well as father of the mixed-race children, they could use them as servants or laborers or sell them as slaves. In some cases, white fathers provided for their multiracial children providing for education or apprenticeships and freeing them, particularly during the two decades following the American Revolution. (The practice of providing for the children was more common in French and Spanish colonies, where a Creole class developed who became educated and property owners.) Many other white fathers abandoned the mixed-race children and their mothers to slavery.
The researcher Paul Heinegg found that most families of free people of color in colonial times were founded from the unions of white women, whether free or indentured servants, and African men, slave, indentured or free. In the early years, the working class peoples lived and worked together. Their children were free because of the status of the white women. This was in contrast to the pattern in the post-Revolutionary era, in which most mixed-race children had white fathers and slave mothers.
Anti-miscegenation laws were passed in most states during the 18th, 19th and early 20th centuries, but this did not prevent white slaveholders from taking slave women as concubines and having multiracial children with them. Patterns of Asian immigration and Latino residents led white legislators in California and the western US to pass laws prohibiting marriage between European and Asian Americans until the 1950s.
Early United States history.
Interracial relationships have had a long history in North America and the United States, beginning with the intermixing of European explorers and soldiers, who took native women as companions. After European settlement increased, traders and fur trappers often married or had unions with women of native tribes. In the 17th century, faced with a continuing, critical labor shortage, colonists primarily in the Chesapeake Bay Colony, imported Africans as laborers, sometimes as indentured servants and, increasingly, as slaves. African slaves were also imported into New York and other northern ports by the Dutch and later English. Some African slaves were freed by their masters during these early years.
In the colonial years, while conditions were more fluid, white women, indentured servant or free, and African men, servant, slave or free, made unions. Because the women were free, their mixed-race children were born free; they and their descendants formed most of the families of free people of color during the colonial period in Virginia. The scholar Paul Heinegg found that eighty percent of the free people of color in North Carolina in censuses from 1790–1810 could be traced to families free in Virginia in colonial years.
In 1789 Olaudah Equiano, a former slave from Nigeria who was enslaved in North America, published his autobiography. He advocated interracial marriage between whites and blacks. By the late eighteenth century, visitors to the Upper South noted the high proportion of mixed-race slaves, evidence of miscegenation by white men.
In 1790, the first federal population census was taken in the United States. Enumerators were instructed to classify free residents as white or "other." Only the heads of households were identified by name in the federal census until 1850. Native Americans were included among "Other;" in later censuses, they were included as "Free people of color" if they were not living on Indian reservations. Slaves were counted separately from free persons in all the censuses until the Civil War and end of slavery. In later censuses, they were classified by appearance as mulatto (which recognized mixed ancestry) or black.
After the American Revolutionary War, the number and proportion of free people of color increased markedly in the North and the South. Most northern states abolished slavery, sometimes, like New York, in programs of gradual emancipation that took more than two decades to be completed. The last slaves in New York were not freed until 1827. In connection with the Second Great Awakening, Quaker and Methodist preachers in the South urged slaveholders to free their slaves. Revolutionary ideals led many men to free their slaves, some by deed and others by will, so that from 1782 to 1810, the percentage of free people of color rose from less than one percent to nearly 10 percent of blacks in the South.
19th century: American Civil War, emancipation, Reconstruction and Jim Crow.
Of numerous relationships between male slaveholders, overseers, or master's sons and slaves, the most notable is likely that of President Thomas Jefferson with his slave Sally Hemings. She was of mixed race with three-quarters European ancestry, and was likely the half sister of the late Martha Jefferson by their father John Wayles. As noted in the 2012 collaborative Smithsonian-Monticello exhibit, "Slavery at Monticello: The Paradox of Liberty", Jefferson, then a widower, took Hemings as his concubine for nearly 40 years. They had six children of record; four Hemings children survived into adulthood, and he freed them all, among the very few slaves he freed. Two were allowed to "escape" to the North in 1822, and two were granted freedom by his will upon his death in 1826. Seven-eighths white by ancestry, all four moved to northern states as adults; three of the four entered the white community, and all their descendants identified as white. Of the descendants of Madison Hemings, who continued to identify as black, some in future generations eventually identified as white and "married out", while others identified as African American. It was socially advantageous then for the Hemings children to identify as white. Although born into slavery, the Hemings children were legally white under Virginia law of the time.
20th century.
Racial discrimination continued to be enacted in new laws in the 20th century, for instance the one-drop rule was enacted in Virginia's 1924 Racial Integrity Law and in other southern states, in part influenced by the popularity of eugenics and fading memories of how many whites had multiracial ancestry. Many families were, in fact, multiracial. Similar laws had been proposed but not passed in the late nineteenth century in South Carolina and Virginia, for instance. After regaining political power in Southern states by disfranchising blacks, white Democrats passed laws to impose Jim Crow and racial segregation to achieve white supremacy. They maintained these until forced to change in the 1960s by federal legislation enforcing the constitutional rights of African Americans and other minority citizens.
In 1967 the United States Supreme Court case, "Loving v. Virginia" ruled that anti-miscegenation laws were unconstitutional.
In the twentieth century up until 1989, social service organizations typically assigned multiracial children to the racial identity of the minority parent, which reflected social practices of hypodescent. Black social workers had influenced court decisions on regulations related to identity; they argued that, as the biracial child was socially considered black, it should be classified that way in order to identify with the group and learn to deal with discrimination.
By 1990, the Census Bureau included more than a dozen ethnic/racial categories on the census, reflecting not only changing social ideas about ethnicity, but the wide variety of immigrants who had come to reside in the United States due to changing historical forces and new immigration laws in the 1960s. With a changing society, more citizens have begun to press for acknowledging multiracial ancestry. The Census Bureau changed its data collection by allowing people to self-identify as more than one ethnicity. Some ethnic groups are concerned about the potential political and economic effects, as federal assistance to historically underserved groups has depended on Census data.
The proportion of multiracial children in the United States is growing. Interracial partnerships are on the rise, as are transracial adoptions. In 1990, about 14% of 18- to 19-year-olds, 12% of 20- to 21-year-olds and 7% of 34- to 35-year-olds were involved in interracial relationships (Joyner and Kao, 2005).
Demographics.
Multiracial people who wanted to acknowledge their full heritage won a victory of sorts in 1997, when the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) changed the federal regulation of racial categories to permit multiple responses. This resulted in a change to the 2000 United States Census, which allowed participants to select more than one of the six available categories, which were, in brief: "White," "Black or African American," "Asian," "American Indian or Alaskan Native," "Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander," and "Other." Further details are given in the article: Race (U.S. census). The OMB made its directive mandatory for all government forms by 2003.
In 2000, Cindy Rodriguez reported on reactions to the new census:
Some multiracial individuals feel marginalized by U.S. society. For example, when applying to schools or for a job, or when taking standardized tests, Americans are sometimes asked to check boxes corresponding to race or ethnicity. Typically, about five race choices are given, with the instruction to "check only one." While some surveys offer an "other" box, this choice groups together individuals of many different multiracial types (ex: European Americans/African-Americans are grouped with Asian/Native American Indians).
The 2000 U.S. Census in the write-in response category had a code listing which standardizes the placement of various write-in responses for automatic placement within the framework of the U.S. Census's enumerated races. Whereas most responses can be distinguished as falling into one of the five enumerated races, there remains some write-in responses which fall into the ""Mixture"" heading which cannot be racially categorized. These include "Bi Racial, Combination, Everything, Many, Mixed, Multi National, Multiple, Several and Various".
In 1997, Greg Mayeda, a member of the Board of Directors person for the Hapa Issues Forum, attended a meeting regarding the new racial classifications for the 2000 U.S. Census. He was arguing against a multiracial category and for multiracial people being counted as all of their races. He argued that a
"separate Multiracial Box does not allow a person who identifies as mixed race the opportunity to be counted accurately. After all, we are not just mixed race. We are representatives of all racial groups and should be counted as such. A stand alone Multiracial Box reveals very little about the person's background checking it."
According to James P. Allen and Eugene Turner from California State University, Northridge, who analyzed the 2000 Census, most multiracial people identified as part white. In addition, the breakdown is as follows:
In 2010, 1.6 million Americans checked both "black" and "white" on their census forms, a figure 134% higher than the number a decade earlier. The number of interracial marriages and relationships, and transracial and international adoptions has increased the proportion of multiracial families. In addition, more individuals may be identifying multiple ancestries, as the concept is more widely accepted.
Multiracial families.
In an article about mixed-race children having identity problems, Charlotte Nitary states:
In her book "Love's Revolution: Interracial Marriage", Maria P. P. Root writes:
In 2009, Keith Bardwell, a justice of the peace in Robert, Louisiana, refused to officiate a wedding for an interracial couple and was summarily sued in federal court. See refusal of interracial marriage in Louisiana.
About 15% of all new marriages in the United States in 2010 were between spouses of a different race or ethnicity from one another, more than double the share in 1980 (6.7%).
Multi-racial American identity.
Given the variety of the familial and general social environments in which multiracial children are raised, along with the diversity of their appearance and heritage, generalizations about multiracial children's challenges or opportunities are not very useful.
The social identity of children and of their parents in the same multiracial family may vary or be the same. Some multiracial children feel pressure from various sources to "choose" or to identify as a single racial identity. Others may feel pressure not to abandon one or more of their ethnicities, particularly if identified with culturally.
Some multiracial individuals attempt to claim a new category. For instance, the athlete Tiger Woods has said that he is not only African American but "Cablinasian," as he is of Caucasian, African American, Native American, and Asian descent.
Some children grow up without race being a significant issue in their lives.
White and European American identity.
As a result of hyperdescent about 30% of White Americans have recent sub-Saharan African ancestry. Some of the most notable families include the Van Salees, Vanderbilts, Whitneys, Blacks, Cheswells, Newells, Battises, Bostons, Eldings of the North; the Staffords, Gibsons, Locklears, Pendarvises, Driggers, Galphins, Fairfaxes, Grinsteads (Greenstead, Grinsted and Grimsted), Johnsons, Timrods, Darnalls of the South; and the Picos, Yturrias and Bushes of the West.
Some biographical accounts include the autobiography "Life on the Color Line: The True Story of a White Boy Who Discovered He Was Black" by Gregory Howard Williams; "One Drop: My Father's Hidden Life—A Story of Race and Family Secrets" written by Bliss Broyard about her father Anatole Broyard; the documentary "Colored White Boy" about a white man in North Carolina who discovers that he is the descendant of a white plantation owner and a raped African slave; the documentary "What's Done in the Dark: The Millie L. McGhee Story", a family story about secrecy, terror and pain inflicted on a black family related to J.Edgar Hoover; and the documentary on "The Sanders Women" of Shreveport, Louisiana.
Black and African American identity.
Americans with Sub-Saharan African ancestry for historical reasons: slavery, "partus sequitur ventrem", one-eighth law, the one-drop rule of 20th-century legislation, have frequently been classified as black (historically) or African American, even if they have significant European American or Native American ancestry. As slavery became a racial caste, those who were enslaved and others of any African ancestry were classified by what is termed "hypodescent" according to the lower status ethnic group. Many of majority European ancestry and appearance "married white" and assimilated into white society for its social and economic advantages, such as generations of families identified as Melungeons, now generally classified as white but demonstrated genetically to be of European and sub-Saharan African ancestry.
The rise of the Civil Rights Movement and Black Power put pressure on multiracial people in a different way – the movements wanted to claim all people of any African descent both because of historical oppression and in order to have more political power. It has been a reverse kind of one-drop rule.
Sometimes people of mixed African-American and Native American descent report having had elder family members withholding pertinent genealogical information. Tracing the genealogy of African Americans can be a very difficult process, as censuses did not identify slaves by name before the American Civil War, meaning that most African Americans did not appear by name in those records. In addition, many white fathers who used slave women sexually, even those in long-term relationships like Thomas Jefferson's with Sally Hemings, did not acknowledge their mixed-race slave children in records, so paternity was lost.
Colonial records of French and Spanish slave ships and sales, and plantation records in all the former colonies, often have much more information about slaves, from which researchers are reconstructing slave family histories. Genealogists have begun to find plantation records, court records, land deeds and other sources to trace African-American families and individuals before 1870. As slaves were generally forbidden to learn to read and write, black families passed along oral histories, which have had great persistence. Similarly, Native Americans did not generally learn to read and write English, although some did in the nineteenth century. Until 1930, census enumerators used the terms free people of color and mulatto to classify people of apparent mixed race. When those terms were dropped, as a result of the lobbying by the Southern Congressional bloc, the Census Bureau used only the binary classifications of black or white, as was typical in segregated southern states.
In the 1980s, parents of mixed-race children began to organize and lobby for the addition of a more inclusive term of racial designation that would reflect the heritage of their children. When the U.S. government proposed the addition of the category of "bi-racial" or "multiracial" in 1988, the response from the public was mostly negative. Some African-American organizations, and African-American political leaders, such as Congresswoman Diane Watson and Congressman Augustus Hawkins, were particularly vocal in their rejection of the category, as they feared the loss of political and economic power if African Americans reduced their numbers by self-identification.
Since the 1990s and 2000s, the terms mixed-race, biracial, and multiracial have been used more frequently in society. It is still most common in the United States (unlike some other countries with a history of slavery) for people with visible African features to identify as or be classified solely as blacks or African Americans, regardless of other also obvious ancestry.
President Barack Obama is of East African and European American ancestry; he identifies as African American, A 2007 poll when Obama was a presidential candidate identified his mother as white. Americans differed in their responses as to how they classified him: a majority of White and Hispanics classified him as biracial, but a majority of African Americans classified him as black.
A 2003 study found an average of 18.6% (±1.5%) European admixture in a population sample of 416 African Americans from Washington, DC. Studies of other populations in other areas have found differing percentages of ethnicity.
Twenty percent of African Americans have more than 25% European ancestry, reflecting the long history of unions between the groups. The "mostly African" group is substantially African, as 70% of African Americans in this group have less than 15% European ancestry. The 20% of African Americans in the "mostly mixed" group (2.7% of US population) have between 25% and 50% European ancestry.
The writer Sherrel W. Stewart's assertion that "most" African Americans have significant Native American heritage, is not supported by genetic researchers who have done extensive population mapping studies. The TV series on African-American ancestry, hosted by the scholar Henry Louis Gates, Jr., had genetics scholars who discussed in detail the variety of ancestries among African Americans. They noted there is popular belief in a high rate of Native American admixture that is not supported by the data that has been collected. (Reference is coming)
Genetic testing of direct male and female lines evaluates only two out of an individual's lines of ancestry. For this reason, individuals on the Gates show had fuller DNA testing.
The critic Troy Duster, writing in "The Chronicle of Higher Education", thought Gates' series "African American Lives" should have told people more about the limitations of genetic SNP testing. He says that not all ancestry may show up in the tests, especially for those who claim part-Native American descent. Other experts disagree.
Population testing is still being done. Some Native American groups that have been sampled may not have shared the pattern of markers being searched for. Geneticists acknowledge that DNA testing cannot yet distinguish among members of differing cultural Native American nations. There is genetic evidence for three major migrations into North America, but not for more recent historic differentiation. In addition, not all Native Americans have been tested, so scientists do not know for sure that Native Americans have only the genetic markers they have identified.
Admixture.
On census forms, the government depends on individuals' self-identification. Contemporary African Americans possess varying degrees of admixture with European ancestry. A percentage also have various degrees of Native American ancestry.
Many free African American families descended from unions between white women and African men in colonial Virginia. Their free descendants migrated to the frontier of Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina in the 18th and 19th centuries. There were also similar free families in Delaware and Maryland, as documented by Paul Heinegg.
In addition, many Native American women turned to African American men due to the decline in the number of Native American men due to disease and warfare. Some Native American women bought African slaves but, unknown to European sellers, the women freed the African men and married them into their respective tribes. If an African American man had children by a Native American woman, their children were free because of the status of the mother.
In their attempt to ensure white supremacy decades after emancipation, in the early 20th century, most southern states created laws based on the one-drop rule, defining as black, persons with any known African ancestry. This was a stricter interpretation than what had prevailed in the 19th century; it ignored the many mixed families in the state and went against commonly accepted social rules of judging a person by appearance and association. Some courts called it "the traceable amount rule." Anthropologists called it an example of a hypodescent rule, meaning that racially mixed persons were assigned the status of the socially subordinate group.
Prior to the one-drop rule, different states had different laws regarding color. More importantly, social acceptance often played a bigger role in how a person was perceived and how identity was construed than any law. In frontier areas, there were fewer questions about origins. The community looked at how people performed, whether they served in the militia and voted, which were the responsibilities and signs of free citizens. When questions about racial identity arose because of inheritance issues, for instance, litigation outcomes often were based on how people were accepted by neighbors.
In Virginia prior to 1920, for example, a person was legally white if having seven-eights or more white ancestry. The one-drop rule originated in some Southern United States in the late 19th century, likely in response to whites' attempt to maintain white supremacy and limit black political power following the Democrats' regaining control of state legislatures in the late 1870s. The first year in which the U.S. Census dropped the mulatto category was 1920; that year enumerators were instructed to classify people in a binary way as white or black. This was a result of the Southern-dominated Congress convincing the Census Bureau to change its rules.
After the Civil War, racial segregation forced African Americans to share more of a common lot in society than they might have given widely varying ancestry, educational and economic levels. The binary division altered the separate status of the traditionally free people of color in Louisiana, for instance, although they maintained a strong Louisiana Créole culture related to French culture and language, and practice of Catholicism. African Americans began to create common cause—regardless of their multiracial admixture or social and economic stratification. In 20th-century changes, during the rise of the Civil Rights and Black Power movements, the African-American community increased its own pressure for people of any portion of African descent to be claimed by the black community to add to its power.
By the 1980s, parents of mixed-race children (and adults of mixed-race ancestry) began to organize and lobby for the ability to show more than one ethnic category on Census and other legal forms. They refused to be put into just one category. When the U.S. government proposed the addition of the category of "bi-racial" or "multiracial" in 1988, the response from the general public was mostly negative. Some African-American organizations and political leaders, such as Senator Diane Watson and Representative Augustus Hawkins, were particularly vocal in their rejection of the category. They feared a loss in political and economic power if African Americans abandoned their one category.
This reaction is characterized as "historical irony" by Reginald Daniel (2002). The African American self-designation had been a response to the one-drop rule, but then people resisted the chance to claim their multiple heritages. At the bottom was a desire not to lose political power of the larger group. Whereas before people resisted being characterized as one group regardless of ranges of ancestry, now some of their own were trying to keep them in the same group.
Definition of African American.
Since the late twentieth century, the number of African and Caribbean ethnic African immigrants have increased in the United States. Together with publicity about the ancestry of President Barack Obama, whose father was from Kenya, some black writers have argued that new terms are needed for recent immigrants. They suggest that the term "African-American" should refer strictly to the descendants of African slaves and free people of color who survived the slavery era in the United States. They argue that grouping together all ethnic Africans regardless of their unique ancestral circumstances would deny the lingering effects of slavery within the American slave descendant community. They say recent ethnic African immigrants need to recognize their own unique ancestral backgrounds.
Stanley Crouch wrote in a "New York Daily News" piece "Obama's mother is of white U.S. stock. His father is a black Kenyan," in a column entitled "What Obama Isn't: Black Like Me." During the 2008 campaign, the African-American columnist David Ehrenstein of the "LA Times" accused white liberals of flocking to Obama because he was a "Magic Negro", a term that refers to a black person with no past who simply appears to assist the mainstream white (as cultural protagonists/drivers) agenda. Ehrenstein went on to say "He's there to assuage white 'guilt' they feel over the role of slavery and racial segregation in American history."
Reacting to media criticism of Michelle Obama during the 2008 presidential election, Charles Kenzie Steele, Jr., CEO of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference said, “Why are they attacking Michelle Obama, and not really attacking, to that degree, her husband? Because he has no slave blood in him." He later claimed his comment was intended to be "provocative" but declined to expand on the subject. Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice (who was famously mistaken for a "recent American immigrant" by French President Nicolas Sarkozy), said "descendants of slaves did not get much of a head start, and I think you continue to see some of the effects of that." She has also rejected an immigrant designation for African Americans and instead prefers the term "black" or "white" .
White and European Indigenous identity.
Interracial relations among Indigenous Americans and Europeans occurred from the earliest years of Spanish, French and British exploration. explorers and trappers. European impact was immediate, widespread, and profound—more than any other race that had contact with Indigenous Americans during the early years of colonization and nationhood.
Some Europeans living among Indigenous Americans were called "white Indians". They "lived in native communities for years, learned native languages fluently, attended native councils, and often fought alongside their native companions."
More numerous and typical were traders and trappers, who married Indigenous American women from tribes on the frontier and had families with them. Some traders, who kept bases in the cities, had what ware called "country wives" among Indigenous Americans, with legal European-American wives and children at home in the city. Not all abandoned their "natural" mixed-race children. Some arranged for sons to be sent to European-American schools for their education.
The social identity of the children was strongly determined by the tribe's kinship system. Among the matrilineal tribes of the Southeast, the mixed-race children generally were accepted as and identified as Indian, as they gained their social status from their mother's clans and tribes, and often grew up with their mothers and their male relatives. By contrast, among the patrilineal Omaha, for example, the child of a white man and Omaha woman was considered "white"; such mixed-race children and their mothers would be protected, but the children could formally belong to the tribe as members only if adopted by a man.
In the early twentieth century in the West, "intermarried whites" were listed in a separate category on the Dawes Rolls, when members of tribes were listed and identified for allocation of lands to individual heads of households in the break-up of tribal communal lands in Indian Territory. There was increased intermarriage after this time as white men tried to gain control over Indigenous American lands.
Some early male settlers married Indigenous American women and had informal unions with them. Early contact between Indigenous Americans and Europeans was often charged with tension, but also had moments of friendship, cooperation, and intimacy. Marriages took place in both English and Latin colonies between European men and Native women. For instance, on April 5, 1614, Pocahontas, a Powhatan woman in present-day Virginia, married the Englishman John Rolfe of Jamestown. Their son Thomas Rolfe was an ancestor to many descendants in First Families of Virginia. As a result, English laws did not exclude people with some Indigenous American ancestry from being considered English or white.
In the early 19th century, the Indigenous American woman Sacagawea, who would help translate for and guide the Lewis and Clark Expedition in the West, married the French trapper Toussaint Charbonneau. Most marriages between Europeans and Indigenous Americans were between European men and Indigenous American women. Depending on the kinship system of the woman's tribe, their children would be more or less easily assimilated into the tribe. Nations that had matrilineal systems, such as the Creek and Cherokee in the Southeast, gave the mixed-race children status in their mother's clans and tribes. If the tribe had a patrilineal system, like the Omaha, the children of white fathers were considered white. Unless they were specifically adopted into the tribe by an adult male, they could have no social status in it.
In those years, an Indigenous American man had to get consent of the European parents in order to marry a white woman. When such marriages were approved, it was with the stipulation that "he can prove to support her as a white woman in a good home".
In the late 19th century, three European-American middle-class female teachers married Indigenous American men they had met at Hampton Institute during the years when it ran its Indian program. In the late nineteenth century, Charles Eastman, a physician of European and Sioux ancestry who trained at Boston University, married Elaine Goodale, a European-American woman from New England. They met and worked together in Dakota Territory when she was Superintendent of Indian Education and he was a doctor for the reservations. His maternal grandfather was Seth Eastman, an artist and Army officer from New England, who had married a Sioux woman and had a daughter with her while stationed at Fort Snelling in Minnesota.
Black and African Indigenous American identity.
Interracial relations between Indigenous Americans and African Americans is a part of American history that has been neglected. The earliest record of African and Indigenous American relations in the Americas occurred in April 1502, when the first Africans kidnapped were brought to Hispaniola to serve as slaves. Some escaped, and somewhere inland on Santo Domingo, the first Black Indians were born. In addition, an example of African slaves' escaping from European colonists and being absorbed by Indigenous Americans occurred as far back as 1526. In June of that year, Lucas Vasquez de Ayllon established a Spanish colony near the mouth of the Pee Dee River in what is now eastern South Carolina. The Spanish settlement was named San Miguel de Gualdape. Amongst the settlement were 100 enslaved Africans. In 1526, the first African slaves fled the colony and took refuge with local Indigenous Americans.
European colonists created treaties with Indigenous American tribes requesting the return of any runaway slaves. For example, in 1726, the British governor of New York exacted a promise from the Iroquois to return all runaway slaves who had joined them. This same promise was extracted from the Huron Nation in 1764, and from the Delaware Nation in 1765, though there is no record of slaves ever being returned. Numerous advertisements requested the return of African Americans who had married Indigenous Americans or who spoke an Indigenous American language. The primary exposure that Africans and Indigenous Americans had to each other came through the institution of slavery. Indigenous Americans learned that Africans had what Indigenous Americans considered 'Great Medicine' in their bodies because Africans were virtually immune to the Old-World diseases that were decimating most native populations. Because of this, many tribes encouraged marriage between the two groups, to create stronger, healthier children from the unions.
For African Americans, the one-drop rule was a significant factor in ethnic solidarity. African Americans generally shared a common cause in society regardless of their multiracial admixture, or social/economic stratification. Additionally, African Americans found it, near, impossible to learn about their Indigenous American heritage as many family elders withheld pertinent genealogical information. Tracing the genealogy of African Americans can be a very difficult process, especially for descendants of Indigenous Americans, because African Americans who were slaves were forbidden to learn to read and write, and a majority of Indigenous Americans neither spoke English, nor read or wrote it.
Pacific Islander American identity.
During the 1800s Christian missionaries from Great Britain and the United States followed traders to the Hawaiian islands. Long-termly, the Anglo-Saxon presence negatively impacted the level of regard Hawaiian royal women held for their own indigenous looks. For centuries prior the arrival of Christians, first nation Hawaiian aesthetics, such as dark skin and ample bodies, had been considered signs of nobility. No matter how much they adapted their mannerisms to Western standard, some of the Anglo-Saxon missionaries were relentless in referring to the indigenous women as "Hawaiian squaws." By the last half of the 19th century, some Hawaiian women began marrying European men who found them exotic. The men, however, selected Hawaiian women who were thinner and paler in complexion.
While some American Pacific Islanders continue traditional cultural endogamy, many within this population now have mixed racial ancestry, sometimes combining European, Native American, as well as East Asian ancestry. The Hawaiians originally described the mixed-race descendants as "hapa". The term has evolved to encompass all people of mixed Asian and/or Pacific Islander ancestry. Subsequently, many ethnic Chinese also settled on the islands and married into the Pacific Islander populations.
Eurasian American identity.
In its original meaning, an Amerasian is a person born in Asia, to a U.S. military father and an Asian mother. Colloquially, the term has sometimes been considered synonymous with Asian American, to describe any person of mixed Asian and American parentage, regardless of the circumstances.
According to the United States Census Bureau, concerning multi-racial families in 1990, the number of children in interracial families grew from less than one-half million in 1970 to about two million in 1990. In 1990, for interracial families with one White partner, the other parent ... was Asian for 45 percent all children.
According to James P. Allen and Eugene Turner from California State University, Northridge, by some calculations the largest part white bi-racial population is white/American Indian and Alaskan Native, at 7,015,017; followed by white/black at 737,492; then white/Asian at 727,197; and finally white/Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander at 125,628.
The US Census categorizes Eurasian responses in the "Some other race" section as part of the Asian race. The Eurasian responses which the US Census officially recognizes are Indo-European, Amerasian, and Eurasian.
Afro-Asian American identity.
Chinese men entered the United States as laborers, primarily on the West Coast and in western territories. Following the Reconstruction era, as blacks set up independent farms, white planters imported Chinese laborers to satisfy their need for labor. In 1882, the Chinese Exclusion Act was passed, and Chinese workers who chose to stay in the U.S. were unable to have their wives join them. In the South, some Chinese married into the black and mulatto communities, as generally discrimination meant they did not take white spouses. They rapidly left working as laborers, and set up groceries in small towns throughout the South. They worked to get their children educated and socially mobile.
As of the census of 2000, there were 106,782 Afro-Asian individuals in the United States.
Hispanic and Latino American identity.
The majority of Hispanic/Latino Americans are multiracial, with varying degrees of mixture from the different ethnic groups mentioned above: "mestizo" (mixed white and Native American), "mulatto", (mixed white and African), and/or triracial (mixed white, African, and Native American), as well as "zambo" (Black Native American). Chinese and Japanese laborers went to South America as well as North America: Peru and Chile attracted the most Chinese and Japanese. A minority of multiracial Latino Americans are part-Asian, with ancestries including Eurasian, Afro-Asian, Asian-Native American, and European-African-Asian-Native American. A typical Latino American family may have members with a wide range of racial phenotypes, meaning a Hispanic couple may have children who look white and African and/or Native American and/or Asian. Latino Americans have several self-identifications; most Latinos identify as white in terms of race, while others identify as black and/or Native American and/or Asian. Latinos who do not want to identify as one of those identify simply as Hispanic and/or "some other race" as their race.
European Americans socially have tended to group Latinos or Spanish-speakers within the U.S. as of one ethnicity (usually mixed race). Many Latin American migrants have been mestizo, Amerindian, or other mixed race. Non-white-identified Hispanics have limited media visibility. Critics have accused the U.S. Hispanic media of overlooking the brown-skinned indigenous and mixed-race Hispanic and black Hispanic populations by over-representation of Hispanics and Latinos with European physical features, such as blond hair and blue eyes/green eyes (who resemble Scandinavians and other Northern Europeans rather than they look like white Hispanics mostly of typical Southern European features), and also light-skinned mulatto and mestizo Hispanic and Latino Americans (often deemed as white persons in U.S. Hispanic and Latino populations if achieving the middle class or higher social status), especially some of the actors on the telenovelas. For example, in the 2005 U.S. Hispanic telenovela "Olvidarte Jamas", white, blond, and blue-eyed Venezuelan American actress Sonya Smith portrayed Luisa Dominguez who is a poor mestiza woman; the actress had to wear a black wig to hide her obvious Caucasian appearance.
Most rare empowered persons of color represented in U.S. Hispanic media possess typically Caucasian features due to a mix of racist standards of beauty, colourism and lookism. Nevertheless, in the last years, the number of empowered multiracial people (either economically or by other ways) increased in U.S. Hispanic media coverage.
Passing identity.
"Passing" is a term for a person whose ancestry is mostly that of the dominant group with some ancestry of a subordinate group, and who is perceived as being part of the majority group, when social conventions would classify the person with the subordinate group.
The phenomenon known as "passing as white" is difficult to explain in other countries or to foreign students. Typical questions are: "Shouldn't Americans say that a person who is passing as white is white, or nearly all white, and has previously been passing as black?" or "To be consistent, shouldn't you say that someone who is one-eighth white is passing as black?" ... A person who is one-fourth or less American Indian or Korean or Filipino is not regarded as passing if he or she intermarries with and joins fully the life of the dominant community, so the minority ancestry need not be hidden. ... It is often suggested that the key reason for this is that the physical differences between these other groups and whites are less pronounced than the physical differences between African blacks and whites, and therefore are less threatening to whites. ... hen ancestry in one of these racial minority groups does not exceed one-fourth, a person is not defined solely as a member of that group.
Laws dating from 17th-century colonial America defined children of African slave mothers as taking the status of their mothers, and born into slavery regardless of the race or status of the father, under "partus sequitur ventrem". The association of slavery with a "race" led to slavery as a racial caste. But, most families of free people of color formed in Virginia before the American Revolution were the descendants of unions between white women and African men, who frequently worked and lived together in the looser conditions of the early colonial period. While interracial marriage was later prohibited, white men frequently took sexual advantage of slave women, and numerous generations of multiracial children were born. By the late 1800s it had become common among African Americans to use passing to gain educational opportunities as did the first African-American graduate of Vassar College Anita Florence Hemmings. Some 19th-century categorization schemes defined people by proportion of African ancestry: a person whose parents were black and white was classified as mulatto, with one black grandparent and three white as quadroon, and with one black great-grandparent and the remainder white as octoroon. The latter categories remained within an overall black or colored category, but before the Civil War, in Virginia and some other states, a person of one-eighth or less black ancestry was legally white. Some members of these categories passed temporarily or permanently as white.
Until the Civil War, racial identity depended on the combination of appearance, African blood fraction, and social circle. After whites regained power in the South following Reconstruction, they established racial segregation to reassert white supremacy, followed by laws defining people with any apparent or known African ancestry as black, under the principle of hypodescent.
However, since several thousand blacks have been crossing the color line each year, millions of white Americans have relatively recent African ancestors (of the last 250 years). A statistical analysis done in 1958 estimated that 21 percent of the white population had some African ancestors. The study concluded that the majority of Americans of African descent were today classified as white and not black.
In fiction.
The figure of the "tragic octoroon" was a stock character of abolitionist literature: a mixed-race woman raised as if a white woman in her white father's household, until his bankruptcy or death has her reduced to a menial position She may even be unaware of her status before being reduced to victimization. The first character of this type was the heroine of Lydia Maria Child's "The Quadroons" (1842), a short story. This character allowed abolitionists to draw attention to the sexual exploitation in slavery and, unlike portrayals of the suffering of the field hands, did not allow slaveholders to retort that the sufferings of Northern mill hands were no easier. The Northern mill owner would not sell his own children into slavery.
Abolitionists sometimes featured attractive, escaped mulatto slaves in their public lectures to arouse sentiments against slavery. They showed Northerners those slaves who looked like them rather than an "Other"; this technique collapsed the separation between peoples and made it impossible for the public to ignore the brutality of slavery.
Charles W. Chesnutt, an author of the post-Civil War era, explored stereotypes in his portrayal of multiracial characters in southern society in the postwar years. Even characters who had been free and possibly educated before the war had trouble making a place for themselves in the postwar years. His stories feature mixed-race characters with complex lives. William Faulkner also portrayed the lives of mixed-race people and complex interracial families in the postwar South.
The 21st-century filmmaker Greg Pak suggests that multiracial characters in film have often been portrayed as more driven by instinct that whites. He writes,

</doc>
<doc id="20134791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134791" title="Why (Godsmack song)">
Why (Godsmack song)

"Why" is a song that was released by the heavy metal band Godsmack. The song was written by frontman Sully Erna. In 2001, the band contributed "Why" to the Any Given Sunday soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="20134798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134798" title="Live at the Roxy (Eric Burdon album)">
Live at the Roxy (Eric Burdon album)

Live at the Roxy (or Roxy Live) is an album by Eric Burdon recorded in May 1975. It features songs from the "Mirage project". It was released in 1998 and is known for the aggressive screaming of Burdon.

</doc>
<doc id="20134800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134800" title="Norwich Northern Distributor Road">
Norwich Northern Distributor Road

The Norwich Northern Distributor Road (also known as the Norwich Northern bypass, the Norwich Northern Distributor Route and the NDR) is a proposed 8.7 mile dual-carriageway linking the A47 to the south east of the city to the proposed Rackheath Eco-town and to Norwich International Airport to the north of Norwich. It was given 'Programme Entry' status by the Department for Transport in December 2009 with estimated completion in 2015 at a cost of £90.7m. The business case for the project was reviewed due to the government drive to save money, and the scheme was placed in the Development Pool. The schemes in this pool must submit new business cases to compete for Department for Transport funding in late 2011.
The project was initially for a road from the A47 to the west of Norwich passing to the north of the city and linking to the A47 to the east near Postwick. The project was later scaled back to start at the A1067 road and avoid an important Site of Special Scientific Interest and then approval in December 2009 was only given for the section of the A140 road close to the Airport to the A47 in the east. The scheme is opposed by a number of local and national organisations.
Description.
Postwick Hub.
The £21 million Postwick Hub scheme at the start of the NDR road is in the district of Broadland to the east of Norwich and includes development of the A47/A1042 road junction and also a further 500 parking places at the Postwick Park and ride (one of six Norwich park and ride sites).
A47 (Postwick) to the A140.
The NDR would be predominantly a dual carriageway road approximately 8.7 miles long. At its western end it would start at the A140 Cromer Road at a new grade separated junction, close to Norwich International Airport. The route would eastwards to pass to the south of communities of Horsham St Faith, Spixworth and Rackheath before joining the A47 Trunk Road at the existing Postwick Interchange. New at-grade roundabouts would be constructed where the NDR crosses the main radial roads linking the north and north east of Norfolk to Norwich city centre.
A140 to A1067 section.
When the DfT decision on the shorter NDR was announced in December 2009 Adrian Gunson, cabinet member for planning and transportation, said that the council would seek planning permission for its preferred route from the A140 to the A1067 in the hope that funding could be secured at a later date.
A1067 west to A47.
When the DfT decision on the shorter NDR was announced in December 2009 there were calls from councillors for the section between the A1067 and the A47 across the Wensum Valley to also be built.
History.
In 2005 Norfolk County Council persuaded the East of England regional assembly to add the road to the Regional Spatial Strategy as a late inclusion describing it as 'Norwich Northern Distributor road to improve access to the airport and development to the north of the city'. They also indicated that they would need to perform an environmental impact assessment, the realism of the cost estimates but had not decided on a route.
In March 2006 Norfolk CC then deferred the decision to consult on the route due to environmental concerns by English Nature and the Environment Agency regarding the western end of the route where it would pass through the Wensum Valley.
In August 2005 the council published their preferred route for the section from the A1067 to the 47 road in the east, but left open the possibility that the section from the A1067 to the A47 to the west of Norwich would not be included due to the objections relating to the Wensum Valley.
In September 2005 the council dropped the section to the west of the A1067 from the proposal.
In November 2005 the application by Norfolk County Council for funding from the Transport Innovation Fund was turned down.
In December 2005 the road the East of England plan was examined in public with representations against the NDR from the Norwich & Norfolk Transport Action Group, Friends of the Earth and the Campaign to Protect Rural England.
In June 2006 the report from the examination of the East of England Spatial Strategy recommended that the road should be dropped, citing the lack of consultation as the main reason and in March 2007 the Secretary of State accepted the decision and published her intended changes to the East of England Plan without the NDR.
During 2007, The Department of Communities and Local Government (CLG) announced a competition to build up to 10 eco-towns.
September 2007: The government intervenes to block Norfolk Council's proposal to award any contract to build the road without going through a competitive tendering process.
In August 2008 Norfolk county council propose Rackheath Eco-town as the site for one of the new 'eco-towns'.
During the autumn of 2008 the council suggested that there would be a public inquiry in September 2009 with construction starting early in 2011 and completion by the end of 2012.
While the East of England allocated RFA revenue to the road in February 2009, the Department for Transport warned in July 2009 that "given the fiscal uncertainty, increasing carbon constraints and DaSTS work in hand, a 10-year programme funding must necessarily remain provisional at this stage."
Local Transport Today reported in April 2009 that the Department for Transport had "voiced concerns" about the scheme and suggested that the council might like to submit an alternative layout for an associated project, the Postwick Hub, which did not include the NDR. £21 million had been allocated to the Postwick Hub through the Community Infrastructure Fund, conditional on the distributor road also receiving funding. John Dowie, director of regional and local transport delivery for the DfT, said that "It would be open to Norfolk to review the Postwick Junction design and prepare an alternative option that is less dependent on the NNDR".
In June 2009, the site was given the go-ahead from the Government, after receiving an A-grade listing, meaning the location would be generally suitable for an eco-town Local campaigners said that relying on the NDR would make it unsustainable.
In August 2009 the longer scheme to the A1067 was expected to cost £117m. £69m (60% of the estimated cost) was expected to come from the Regional Funding Allocation (RFA) and the remaining £47.5m to be sought from Norwich Growth Point infrastructure funding, the Community Infrastructure Fund and developer contributions.
In December 2009 the Department for Transport approved the project giving it 'Program Entry' status, but only for the section of road from the A140 by Norwich Airport and the A47 to the east of Norwich and suggested dates of early 2013 for a start to construction with completion in 2015. They also approved the Postwick Hub development.
In May 2010 Local Transport Today revealed that, as part of the Government's drive to cut spending, all major transport schemes are being reviewed with an eye to reduce spending. This includes the Norwich Northern Distributor Road.
In October 2010 Philip Hammond revealed that the scheme would be one of those competing for funding at the end of 2011 to be part of the second wave of transport projects given the go ahead by the coalition government.
In late October 2010 Graham Plant, cabinet member for transport and travel at Norfolk County Council, told the Eastern Daily Press that the NDR was being reviewed because of budget cuts. He also explained that it was likely to lead to cuts to the core bus network and park and ride. "What we need to know is what are residents’ priorities," he said. "We have looked at all the arguments for and against the NDR and the Postwick Hub. But I am well aware there are people who that doesn’t affect at all living in the rural hinterland, who need a bus service."
Scheme objectives.
The scheme objectives, as laid out in the Major Scheme Business Case, are to:
The Greater Norwich Development Partnership, a non-departmental public body which includes Norfolk County Council and Norwich City Council, has described the dual carriageway as "an integral part of our plans to improve the local public transport network and reduce reliance on the private car."
The road is rated priority 'A1' by the East of England Regional Assembly and strongly supported by Norfolk County Council.
Although the distributor road is not mentioned on the transport page of the official Eco-town website, it is included on the 'masterplan' map as a white line without meaningful labels and is regarded as an integral part of the proposal by the Greater Norwich Development Partnership.
Environmental impact.
The local Green Party candidate highlighted that the road would generate an addition 25,000 tonnes of CO2 emissions in the first year.
Norfolk County Council have described the scheme as having 'large adverse' impacts on several protected species, including barn owls and bats and a 'moderate adverse' impact on landscape.
The Department of Communities and Local Government's 'location decision statement' explained that the local authority believed that "road access should be part of the proposed NDR" but that "alternative means of improving road access to Rackheath are also achievable". The eco-town would be split in two by the NDR, which DCLG felt was a "key weakness" of that particular location.
Opposition.
The road is the focus of a long running uk road protest from a local campaign group and is also opposed by the Campaign for Better Transport, a public transport advocacy group.
Campaign for Better Transport executive director Stephen Joseph criticised the scheme as poor use of funding when the DfT revealed the Norwich Northern Distributor Road was going ahead, while the Sustainable Travel Cities and Kickstart Bus programs were suspended.
Opponents argue that although the route had been changed so that it no longer crosses the River Wensum a Site of Special Scientific Interest that there would create pressure to extend the road across the valley at a later date.

</doc>
<doc id="20134801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134801" title="Thomas Erskine Holland">
Thomas Erskine Holland

Sir Thomas Erskine Holland KC, FBA (17 July 183524 May 1926) was a British jurist.
After school at Brighton College and studies at Oxford, he practiced law as a barrister from 1863 onwards. In 1874, he returned to Oxford, succeeding William Blackstone as Vinerian Reader. Later, he became professor of international law and fellow of All Souls College.
His prolific scholarly work, including an often-cited treatise in legal philosophy ("Elements of Jurisprudence", 1880), his co-founding and editorship of "Law Quarterly Review" and his service as a university judge earned him the titles of a King's Counsel and a Fellow of the British Academy, as well as a knighthood in 1917.
There is a memorial tablet to him in the chapel of Brighton College.

</doc>
<doc id="20134810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134810" title="Yvonne Schulz">
Yvonne Schulz

Yvonne Schulz (born 19 November 1974) is a German former competitive ice dancer. She represented East Germany from 1988 to 1990 and the unified Germany from 1990 to 1995. Her most successful partnership was with Sven Authorsen, with whom she skated from 1992 until 1995. They qualified for the free dance at the 1994 European Championships, finishing 19th, and won the silver medal at the 1994 German Championships. 
After retiring from competition, Schulz took an assistant coach position alongside Christina Henke-Mades in Dortmund. She also coached synchronised skating teams in Torvill and Dean's home rink, the National Ice Centre in Nottingham. She was with Nottingham Synchronised Skating Academy, (NSSA) for over a year, whilst living in Coventry with her husband and young daughter. She later returned to her hometown in Germany as she was homesick.

</doc>
<doc id="20134818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134818" title="Fred Gardner">
Fred Gardner

Fred Gardner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20134820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134820" title="Prospekt Vernadskogo">
Prospekt Vernadskogo

Prospekt Vernadskogo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20134823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134823" title="1949 France rugby union tour of Argentina">
1949 France rugby union tour of Argentina

The 1949 France rugby union tour of Argentina was a series of rugby union matches played by France national team in Argentina. It was the first official visit of a European team in South America. Nel 1949 per la prima volta una nazionale ufficiale europea si recò in visita in Argentina per disputare incontri ufficiali di rugby.
Between the two test match was played an exhibition match between two mixed teams both formed of Argentinian and French Team.
The "Blancos" won against "Colorados" (24-14).
Many referee were British people that lived in Argentina.
Results.
Provincia: R. del Molino Torres, E. Caffarone, A. Dones, A. Palma, L. Ehrman, R. Giles, G. Ehrman, N_ Tompkins, M. Sarandón, R. Allen, E. Domínguez, A. Castelnuovo, J. Petrone, C. Swain, R. Follet.
CASI-SIC: R. del Molino Torres, R. Gil, J. M. Belgrano, F. Guastavino, A. Arana, R. Ochoa, M. de las Carreras, M. Villalonga, L. Allen, M. Sarandón, H, Conti, J. Morganti, C. Rolón, C. Taccioli y C. Orti.
France: N. Baudry, M. Pomathios, F. Dizabo, F. Desclaux, R. Geneste, M. Terreau, P. Lasaosa, Prat, A. Moga, R. Lacrampe, R. Soro, Al. Moga, L. Caron, L. Martín y P. Aristouy.
Club Fundadores: E. Moore, W. Chiswell, J. Hardie, W. Mc Minn, R. Gilderdale, P. Macadam, J. Pow, D. Hughes, A. Phillips, E. Lucotti, A. Bori, G. Daw, G. Bridger, G. Hardie, E. Stocks.
France: N. Baudry; M. Pomathios, F. Desclaux, R. Geneste; J. Lassegue, »M. Terreau, Y. Bergougnan, R. Lacrampe, G. Basquet, J. Matheu, R. Soro, Al. Moga, E. Buzy, M. Jol, L. Caron.
La Plata: P. Garese, M. Morón, C. A. Mercader, R. Ferrando, R. Méndez, J. Ocampo, H. Dutil, L. Saraví, E. Weber, R. Arce, M. Galván, R. Gitard, R. Gorostiaga, H. Nocetti, P. Oppici.
France: N. Baudry, R. Geneste, H. Dutrain, M. Terreau, J. Lassegue, G. Dufau, P. Lasaosa, J. Matheu, An. Moga, R. Lacrampe, Al. Moga, R. Soro, P. Aristouy, L. Martin, E. Buzy.
Pucara: G. Niveiro, P. Bereciartúa, A. Palma, J. C. de Pablo, L. Ehrman, R. E. Giles, G. Ehrman, H. de Pablo, D. Bereciartúa, E. Domínguez, A. Fernández, A. Barnadas, L. Carratelli, E. Dacharry, J. C. Petrone.
Capital: J. Genoud, 'W. Chiswell, J. Hardie, W. Mc Minn, R. Gilderdale, P. Macadam, C. Benítez Cruz, D. Hughes, A. Phillips, B. Grigolon, L. Maurette, A. Bori, C. Peterson, E. Verzoletto, G. Hardie.
France: : N. Baudry, H. Dutrain, M. Terreau, F. Desclaux, J. Lassegue, G. Dufau, Y. Bergougnan, Prat, J. Matheu, R. Soro, Al. Moga, L. Caron, M. Jol, E. Buzy.
Estudiantes: M. Avellaneda, R. Castello, F. Luján, O. Gomes, F. Rodríguez Gurruchaga, F. García, F. Torné, M. Benavente, F. Fonseca, C. Ferrer, R. Caino, R. Arcioni, F. Borches, C. Rabuffetti, D. Kaufman.
France: : F. Desclaux, R. Geneste, M Terreau, H. Dutrain, J. Lassegue, N. Baudry, G. Dufau, Prat, An. Moga, R. Lacrampe, Al. Moga, R. Soro, L. Caron, J. Matheu, P. Aristouy.
Argentina: W. Holmes, L. Dorado, A. Palma, P. Macadam, E. Caffarone, R. Giles, G. Ehrman, D. Hughes, A. Phillips, M. Sarandon, W. Tompkins, A. Domínguez, J. Petrone, C. Swain, C. Orti.
France: : N. Baudry, M. Pomathios, F: Desclaux, H. Dutrain, J. Lassegue, M., Terreau, Y. Bergougnan; Prat, G. Basquet, J. Matheu, R. Soro, Al. Moga, E. Buzy, M. Jol, L. Caron. 
Argentina: W. Holmes, W. Chiswell, A. Palma, P. Macadam, E. Caffarone, R. Giles, G. Elirman, D. Hughes, A. Phillips, M. Sarandon, N. Tompkins, A. Domínguez, J. Petrone, E, Dacharry, C. Corti.
France: : N. Baudry, M. Pomathios, R. Geneste, P. Dizabo, P. Desclaux, M. Terreau, Y. Bergougnan, Prat, R. Lacrampe, J. Matheu, R. Soro, Al. Moga, E. Buzy, M. Jol, P. Aristouy.
Exhibition Match.
An Exhibition match was played between the two test match. Two teams were arranged, both with some French and Argentinian players. The "Blancos" ("Withes"), won against "Colorados" ("Coloreds")
Blancos J. Prat, H. Dutrain, R. Geneste, F: Desclaux; M. Pomathios, G. Dufau, P. Lasaosa, H. Caño (Curu¬paytí), L. Allen (C.A.S.I.), B. Grigolon (Hindú), W. Beckwith (San Martín), H. Conti (S.I.C.), A. Guyot (C.A.S.I.), E. Dacharry (Pucará), C. Peterson (Bs. As.).

</doc>
<doc id="20134845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134845" title="1954 France rugby union tour of Argentina and Chile">
1954 France rugby union tour of Argentina and Chile

The 1954 France rugby union tour of Argentina and Chile was a series of match of France national rugby union team that toured Argentina and Chile in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="20134849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134849" title="Sudeep Chatterjee">
Sudeep Chatterjee

Sudeep Chatterjee is an Indian cinematographer of Hindi films, most known for his work in films like "Dor" (2006), "Chak De! India" (2007) and "Guzaarish" (2010)
Early life and education.
Chatterjee was born and raised in Kolkata. After he passed class 10 his father gave him a camera, which in time provided him with a career direction. After he finished his schooling he joined an engineering college, but after only eight he left it to join the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), Pune, where he studied cinematography.
Career.
After passing out from FTII, he started his career in Kolkata making advertisements and documentaries, eventually after two years, filmmaker Anjan Dutt offered him "Bada Din" (1997), a Hindi film starring Shabana Azmi and Tara Deshpande. Thereafter he shifted based to Mumbai and started working TV serials like, "Rishtey", "Talaash" etc. for a year before he bagged Ram Gopal Verma's "Road" (2002).
Soon was working in film across genres, action, thriller and drama, and his in Salman Khan starrer, "" (2005), where he shot the picturesque locales of Russia, followed by Nagesh Kukunoor's successive films "Iqbal" (2005) and "Dor" (2006), got him attention, and he got to do "Chak De! India" (2007) directed by Shimit Amin, where he grained down the colour of the film, and shot almost 80% of the movie with a hand-held camera, eventually winning him accolades and the 2008 Filmfare Best Cinematographer Award amongst others. His next important work was in Bengali film, "Kaalpurush" (2008), directed by acclaimed film director of Bengali cinema, Buddhadev Dasgupta, and starring Mithun Chakraborty and Rahul Bose, the film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film.
In 2010 came "Guzaarish" directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali starring Hritik Roshan and Ashwariya Rai, Sundeep had previously apprenticed with Sanjay, also a fellow FTII student, in "", where he was the song director.
Currently he is shooting Shirish Kunder's "Joker" and for Yash Raj Films production, "Mere Brother Ki Dulhan" starring Imran Khan and Katrina Kaif.
Personal life.
He currently lives in Mumbai, with his wife Moumita and his two children, Ishika & Ishaan.
Awards and nominations.
IIFA Award 2011 for Guzaarish.
Screen Award 2011 for Guzaarish.
Apsara Award 2011 for Guzaarish.
Filmfare Award 2008 for Chak de India.
IIFA Award 2008 for Chak de India.
ZeeCine Award 2008 for Chak de India.
Screen Award Nomination 2006 for Iqbal.
Screen Award Nomination 2003 for Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20134862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134862" title="Surplus procedure">
Surplus procedure

The surplus procedure (SP) is a fair division protocol for dividing goods in a way that achieves proportional equitability. It can be generalized to more than 2 people and is strategyproof. For 3 or more people it is not always possible to achieve a division that is both equitable and envy-free.
The surplus procedure was devised by Steven J. Brams, Michael A. Jones, and Christian Klamler in 2006.
Criticisms of the paper.
There have been a few criticisms of aspects of the paper. In effect the paper should cite a weaker form of Pareto optimality and suppose the measures are always strictly positive.

</doc>
<doc id="20134869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134869" title="Prologue (disambiguation)">
Prologue (disambiguation)

A Prologue is a prefatory piece of writing.
Prologue may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20134902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134902" title="Vernadskogo">
Vernadskogo

Vernadskogo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20134903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134903" title="Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1943–1946">
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1943–1946

This is a list of the members of the Australian House of Representatives in the 17th Australian Parliament, which was elected at the 1943 election on 21 August 1943. The incumbent Australian Labor Party led by Prime Minister of Australia John Curtin defeated the opposition Country Party led by Arthur Fadden with coalition partner the United Australia Party led by Billy Hughes. 

</doc>
<doc id="20134926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134926" title="Four Days in November">
Four Days in November

Four Days in November is a 1964 American documentary film directed by Mel Stuart about the assassination of John F. Kennedy. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 
The film includes Dallas radio and television coverage of:
Amateur films and photos include:

</doc>
<doc id="20134940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134940" title="Ko Phai">
Ko Phai

Ko Phai () is the largest island in Mu Ko Phai (หมู่เกาะไผ่), a small uninhabited archipelago belonging to the Eastern Seaboard Islands of Thailand. It is located about 21 km to the west of Pattaya. It is also mentioned as "Bamboo Island", the meaning of its name in Thai, in tourist guides. This island is located at the SE end of the Bay of Bangkok, on the eastern side of the Gulf of Siam. Administratively Ko Phai belongs to the Amphoe Bang Lamung, Chonburi Province.
Ko Phai is almost 4 km in length and its maximum width is about 1.5 km. It is a quite craggy wooded island and a great part of its coast is formed by rocky cliffs. The whole island is high, but its highest point is only 150 m and there is not a single peak dominating above the others. There is a light house on the summit of the island.
"Ko Phai" is the name of the island in the Royal Thai General System of Transcription. It is also known as "Koh Pai" in the English-based Thai transcription that is now becoming obsolete.
The closest land to the Ko Phai group is Ko Lan, located about 14 km to the east of Ko Phai's eastern shore.
These islands can be reached in about 2 hours by boat from Southern Pattaya harbor. The rental rate depends on the size of the boat and the destination. All these islands are a protected natural area under the supervision of the Royal Thai Navy. Visitors ought to bring their own food and water and they are not allowed to stay overnight on Mu Ko Phai.
Adjacent islands.
Other islands of the group include:
Scuba diving.
One of the main attractions of the island group are some well-preserved coral reefs. A World War II-vintage ship of the Royal Thai Navy, HTMS "Khram" (ex USS LSM-469), was sunk 300 m to the east of Ko Phai in January 2003 in order to create an artificial submerged reef. The wreck is located in an area suitable for scuba diving.

</doc>
<doc id="20134948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134948" title="Jimmy Haggerty">
Jimmy Haggerty

James "Wild Jimmy" Haggerty (d. January 25, 1871) was an American criminal and well-known underworld figure in Philadelphia and later in New York during the mid-to late 19th century. Haggerty was the leader of the Schuylkill Rangers, a predominantly Irish-American street gang, which terrorized the South Philadelphia waterfront, specifically its local wharves and coal yards, for over 25 years.
Haggerty ruled over the Schuylkill Rangers throughout the 1850s and was the gang's last leader until its breakup by an undercover police lieutenant. He remained one of the city's most notorious bank robbers during the post-Civil War era and later resided in New York where he spent his last years before being murdered by Reddy the Blacksmith during a bar brawl in January 1871.
Biography.
Early life.
James Haggerty was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to a large working-class family near the banks of the Schuylkill River; his boyhood home was located on Arch Street in the area between Eighteenth and Nineteenth Street known as "McAran's Garden". His father, John Haggerty, was a "boss" drayman widely respected by the local business community ""as an honest, upright and faithful servant"". Haggerty remained free of criminal activity during his childhood, however he did not attend school and received little education. At age 21, he became employed as a mule driver for the Reading Railroad. He continued in this profession, as well as ran a local saloon, until the start of the American Civil War in which he voluntarily enlisted in the Union Army.
Criminal career in Philadelphia.
Although it is unknown under the exact circumstances he left the service, whether he received an honorable discharge or took "French leave", he soon became a "bounty jumper". He became acquainted with a number of known criminals during this time and, returning to Philadelphia following the war, became involved in illegal bare-knuckle boxing and eventually petty theft, armed robbery and burglary. Although he was considered extremely violent when drunk, police officers testified to his reluctance to murder a victim in cold blood and described the frequent use of his pistol as a blackjack in confrontations, he was connected to a number of major robberies during his career. Among them were the robberies of the Eleventh Street and Chestnut Street Banks, the Philadelphia Savings Bank and the safe burglary of the Dancannon Iron Works. He was also involved in the robbery of White's Dental Depot where an African-American watchman was murdered.
After numerous arrests for theft and similar offenses, he and Hugh Murphy were convicted of the robbery of a Ninth Street store and sentenced to ten years imprisonment on December 12, 1865. He was pardoned by Governor Andrew G. Curtin eight months later, in part to Haggerty's political connections and his promise to leave the country upon his release, and lived in Canada for a brief time before returning to the city to resume his criminal career. Haggerty remained a major underworld figure in Philadelphia until January 1869 when he was arrested on several counts of assault with intent to kill; during his arrest, he shot the arresting police officer.
He was caught trying to escape from prison but was later released on bail and fled the city. Staying in New York for a brief time, he returned to Philadelphia in April to surrender himself to authorities after the wounded police officer had received "hush money". He won both court cases against him, but was ordered at the second trial to return to the Eastern State Penitentiary by the District Attorney for violating the terms of his release. While his lawyers argued the ruling, Haggerty escaped from the courthouse during a recess in what was suspected to have been planned.
Final years in New York.
He eventually returned to New York where he resided during the last two years of his life. He was involved in disputes with a number of criminal figures, for example, when he and Billy Tracy were thrown out of a Bowery gambling resort by its owner Harry Hill and British lightweight boxer Billy Edwards in November 1870. On the afternoon of January 24, 1871, Haggerty and three others arrived at Jem Mace's "Capitol Saloon" on Twenty-Third Street. They had become intoxicated while traveling by sleigh along Harlem Lane and, shortly after their arrival, they became involved in a violent altercation with another group of patrons. It was thought that Haggerty and his party were about to use their pistols when a local patrolman and a City Hall officer arrived from nearby Booth's Theater. At the appearance of the patrolman walking through the saloon door, Haggerty drew his revolver and pistol whiped him sending the officer outside. As the two officers went to get reinforcements, Haggerty and his men made their escape on the sleigh. His whereabouts remained unknown until early the next morning when he entered Patrick Egan's saloon. While there, his friend Billy Tracy became involved in a dispute with Shang Draper stemming from the earlier dispute at Jem Mace's saloon. Reddy the Blacksmith, a longtime member of the Bowery Boys, attempted to separate the two but Haggerty confronted Reddy and demanded that he stay out of it. As the two argued, Haggerty reportedly attempted to grab a decanter from the bar to strike the Bowery Boy with causing Reddy to draw his pistol and shot Haggerty in the abdomen. Haggerty was taken to a room in West Houston Street where claimed he did not know either Tracy or Draper and that he was so intoxicated that he was unable to recognize who fired the shot. Although mortally wounded, an examination finding the bullet had penetrated his intestines, Haggerty refused to name his attacker and died from his wounds later that evening. 
His funeral was perhaps one of the biggest held in Philadelphia's history and took place at his mother's residence at the northeast corner of Twenty-Third and Filbert Streets, the longtime headquarters of Schuylkill Rangers, and was attended by what was thought to be one of the largest criminal gatherings of the era. Among the hundred or so mourners included Squire McMullin, John Ahern and Robert Lister Smith. 
An official inquest was held in the days following his death, attracting a number of prominent criminals such as Dan Noble, Joe King, Johnny Moore, Richard Barron and Broker Dick among others, before it was finally concluded on February 1 with Reddy being released on a $10,000 bail.

</doc>
<doc id="20134951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134951" title="1960 France rugby union tour of Argentina and Uruguay">
1960 France rugby union tour of Argentina and Uruguay

The 1960 France rugby union tour of Argentina and Uruguay was a series of rugby union matches played by France national rugby union team in Argentina and Uruguay.
Results.
R. Crancée, F. Monclá (cap.), M. Celaya, H. Larrue; A. Domenech, J. Rollet, A. Roqués

</doc>
<doc id="20134955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134955" title="Chernomorenergo">
Chernomorenergo

Chernomorenergo is a state-owned power company of Abkhazia. It is an operator of the Inguri hydroelectric power station. The managing director of Chernomorenergo is Rezo Zantaria. Sergei Bagapsh, the president of Abkhazia, managed Chernomorenergo in 2000-2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20134960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20134960" title="Religious News Service from the Arab World">
Religious News Service from the Arab World

The Religious News Service from the Arab World (RNSAW) is the predecessor of the Arab-West Report and provided a weekly electronic digest of Arab Egyptian media, beginning in 1997.
RNSAW was founded by a group of top Christian and Muslim scholars in Egypt “to help cut through Western fear of Islam and promote dialogue.” Founders included Dr. Abd el-Mo'ti Bayoumi, dean of the faculty of theology at the Azhar University, Coptic Orthodox Bishop Thomas, Prof. Dr. Christiaan van Nispen of the Catholic Seminary in Cairo, Egypt and others.
Editor-in-chief Cornelis Hulsman explained at a lecture for the International Press Institute in Vienna, Austria, in 2000 about poor reporting and the need to build bridges between cultures, countering stereotypes about peoples from different cultures and working toward a better mutual understanding.
The electronic magazine worked with a fixed set of selection criteria for subjects taken from a fixed set of media, thereby providing a systematic non-partisan overview of changes in media reporting over the years. Articles selected concerned the role of Islam and Christianity in Egyptian society, Arab-West relations and continuing dialogue between the Arab world and the West.
RNSAW helped in the compilation of a unique electronic archive that is of relevance to all who want to work towards better inter-cultural understanding. The magazine is frequently referenced by academics and students].

</doc>
<doc id="20135015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135015" title="1961 France rugby union tour of New Zealand and Australia">
1961 France rugby union tour of New Zealand and Australia

The '"1961 France rugby union tour ofAustralasia" was a series of match of France national rugby union team that toured New Zealand and Australia in 1961.
France won an historical match with Australia, but was defeated (0-3) by All Black's led by Don Clarke.
The French most notable player were the Camberaberò Brothers, Guy e Lillian, and the capitain Crauste. 
Frenc player were criticized for their angry way of play: soma match were disturbed by brawls. In the match with South Canterbury, the referee sanctioned a lot of French Fauls and send off the captain Michel Crauste, that tackled very violently Eddie Smith. The history says that the old mother of All Black's player came on the ground to slap the French player.
Results.
"Scores and results list France team's points tally first."

</doc>
<doc id="20135019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135019" title="Azhar Abbas">
Azhar Abbas

Azhar Abbas was born 1 April 1975 in Khanewal, Pakistan. He is a Pakistan cricketer who plays for the Auckland Aces in State Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20135038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135038" title="Tamriko Siprashvili">
Tamriko Siprashvili

Tamriko Siprashvili is a Georgian pianist who has settled in Pleasanton California, USA.
Siprashvili graduated from the Moscow Conservatory in 1985 under Mikhail Voskresensky and went on that year to win 1st Prize in the IX Robert Schumann International Competition for Pianists and Singers in City of Zwickau, Germany. An international career ensued with concerts throughout Europe, and Argentina. In 1995 she moved to Pleasanton in Northern California. In early 2009, Tamriko opened a music academy named Inspire Academy of Music and Artsin Pleasanton, California. Tamriko is a [http://www.steinway.com/artists/solo/s Steinway Artist.
Tamriko began piano studies at the age of 3. At age 5, she entered the Special Music School for gifted children in her home city of Tbilisi, Georgia, one of only four throughout the entire Soviet Union. At 17, she was accepted into the Moscow Conservatory of Music and from there she graduated in 1985. While at the Moscow Conservatory she studied primarily with Mikhail Voskresensky. Following graduation she took first prize at the 1985 Robert Schumann International Piano Competition in Zwickau, Germany.
Tamriko is known for her romantic repertoire, especially that of Robert Schumann. She has recorded several albums for Nimbus Records, among them "Variations on a Theme by Chopin Opus 22, and Variations on a Theme by Corelli opus 42, by Sergei Rachmaninoff. 
References.
Contest for Pianists and Singers

</doc>
<doc id="20135047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135047" title="Set-saree">
Set-saree

Set-sari (Kerala sari) is the clothing of women in Kerala, South India. It is worn as a garment that closely resembles the "mundum neriyathum" (set-mundu) though it is not considered a true mundum neriyathum by classic definition. This is because the setu-sari consists of a single piece of cloth while a traditional mundum neriyathum consists of a two-piece cloth. Otherwise, the set-saree closely resembles the mundum neriyathum and is often worn by Malayali women as a quasi mundum neriyathum.
When "set-mundu" is worn, the "kasavu" border will be clearly visible on the left thigh of the person who wears it. This kasavu border is that of the neriyathu which is worn on the top of the mundu. 
The mundum neriyathum is the cultural costume of women of the Malayalee community and often referred as "Kerala saree". The grace and appeal of the golden borders contrasting with the otherwise plain white mundum neryathum of Keralite women has come to symbolize Malayalee women. Both the traditional and modern styles of the mundum neryathum are depicted in the paintings of the Indian painter Raja Ravi Verma. The mundum neriyathum was modified in several paintings depicting shakuntala from the mahabharatha to a style of draping now popularly known as the 'nivi saree' or 'national drape'. In one of his paintings, the Indian subcontinent was shown as a mother wearing a flowing nivi saree.

</doc>
<doc id="20135063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135063" title="List of Miss International editions">
List of Miss International editions


</doc>
<doc id="20135113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135113" title="Gymnosporia heterophylla">
Gymnosporia heterophylla

Gymnosporia heterophylla (Common Spike-thorn) is a small, hardy, deciduous African tree up to 5m tall, occurring in rocky places with a wide distribution from Ethiopia, the Sudan and the Congo, south to the Cape Province and west to Angola and Namibia, as well as the neighbouring islands of Madagascar and Saint Helena, with a closely related species from Mauritius.
It has a straggly, but rigid habit and is armed with sharp straight thorns up to 100mm long, which are modified branches. Bark on the mature trunk is grey-brown and deeply fissured. The tree is dioecious, and clusters of white flowers are produced in profusion in spring and are borne on thicker twigs and branches. The flowers have a fetid, faecal smell and attract large numbers of pollinating insects, particularly carrion-loving flies such as members of the family Calliphoridae. The tree has a close relationship with a number of cicada species, such as "Platypleura divisa", "P. mijburghi" and "P. maytenophila".
The specific name "heterophylla" means "variable leaves" and if the list of past synonyms is examined, it affords an interesting insight into the minds of botanists since 1753 when Linnaeus decided that the leaves reminded him of boxwood and named it "Celastrus buxifolius". Since then it has been named "ellipticus, heterophyllus, spathephyllus, empleurifolius, rhombifolius, parvifolius and buxifolioides" - it would seem that the epithet "heterophylla" is appropriate.
It makes a very effective, fast-growing security hedge. The wood is hard and durable, suitable for carving, though large pieces are not often available.

</doc>
<doc id="20135142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135142" title="1964 France rugby union tour of South Africa">
1964 France rugby union tour of South Africa

Results.
"Scores and results list France's points tally first."

</doc>
<doc id="20135154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135154" title="Moreland (Bethesda, Maryland)">
Moreland (Bethesda, Maryland)

Moreland is a historic home located at Bethesda, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story early Colonial Revival frame dwelling that was constructed about 1894. The home was the summer residence for Washington, D.C., businessman and former District of Columbia Commissioner Samuel E. Wheatley, and that family owned it from 1894 until 1944.
Moreland was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20135161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135161" title="France national rugby union team tours">
France national rugby union team tours

This article is a list of tours by the France national rugby union team
Test Record.
One-off Tests in Argentina, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa.
1995 ARG 12-47 FRA Ferrocaril Oeste, Buenos Aires
Others.
France's score is first.

</doc>
<doc id="20135177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135177" title="Steiner Academy Hereford">
Steiner Academy Hereford

The Steiner Academy Hereford is a Steiner-Waldorf Academy school in Much Dewchurch near Hereford, Herefordshire, UK. It opened in September 2008 based at the earlier Hereford Waldorf School and is the first publicly funded Steiner-Waldorf school in the UK. The school takes students from the Kindergarten age of 3 through to age 16.
Natural Environment Academy.
As a state funded Academy its specialism is the natural environment. The Academy is based on the earlier Hereford Waldorf School which existed for 25 years at the same site and comprised a Victorian school, medieval farmhouse and a more recent Kindergarten extension, and 18th century barns. Between 2008-2011 the school and site were redeveloped by John Renshaw Architects in a £6.5 million project that transformed the school using natural materials. This redevelopment provided a new hall, renewable energy, and buildings upgraded to reduce the environmental footprint, while organising the development of the site in sympathy with the natural environment. The school has outdoor classrooms and a significant area of productive gardens and other ecology areas dedicated to Landwork activities.
Controversies.
In December 2009 Steiner Academy Hereford was bottom of the primary school league tables for England derived from SATS scores at Key Stage 2. Parents had opposed the testing and many children were absent for the dates.
In contrast with assessment tests, in July 2013 Ofsted reported that 'Pupils are well prepared for more formal learning', 'Pupils achieve well throughout the school, reaching above the expected levels', they 'Go on to successfully study and achieve wide ranging qualifications at GCE A level and beyond.', 'Older students develop strong independent working and thinking skills', 'Pupils’ artistic and practical achievements are impressive', 'Pupils have a strong sense of personal responsibility', and 'bullying is extremely rare'.
In September 2012, the school was accused by the British Humanist Association of including pseudoscience in its curriculum. Clarence Harvey, an acting principal of the Steiner Academy Hereford, responded: 'It is not our aim to promote scientific orthodoxy, but rather to enable pupils to think and engage in independent verification of reality.'
See also.
Curriculum of the Waldorf schools

</doc>
<doc id="20135186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135186" title="International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board">
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board

The International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB) is an independent standards body which issues standards, like the International Standards on Auditing, quality control guidelines and other services, to support the international auditing of financial statements. It is a body supported by the International Federation of Accountants (IFAC).
The Public Interest Oversight Board provides oversight of the IAASB, ensuring that the standards are in the public interest.

</doc>
<doc id="20135197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135197" title="Stig Blomberg">
Stig Blomberg

Stig Blomberg (October 16, 1901 – December 19, 1970) was a Swedish sculptor.
He was born in Linköping.
In 1936 he won a bronze medal in the art competitions of the summer Olympic Games for his "Brottande pojkar" ("Wrestling Youths").

</doc>
<doc id="20135224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135224" title="Fuel (film)">
Fuel (film)

Fuel (previously called "Fields of Fuel") is a 2008 documentary film directed by Josh Tickell. It won the audience award at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival. The DVD was released on June 22, 2010.
Editing.
According to director Josh Tickell, since Sundance, the film has gone through major editing changes and additions. The name was changed from "Fields of Fuel" to "Fuel". This edited film is a re-cut of the same film with 45 minutes of new material in its total 112-minute running time.

</doc>
<doc id="20135225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135225" title="Lidia Grychtołówna">
Lidia Grychtołówna

Lidia Grychtołówna (born in Rybnik, 1928) is a Polish pianist.
In 1955 she was awarded the International Frédéric Chopin Piano Competition's 7th prize, and one year later she shared the 3rd prize of the inaugural edition of the Robert Schumann Competition with Mikhail Voskresensky. She subsequently performed throughout the world, and held a proffesorship at the Johannes Gutenberg-Universität Mainz. She served as a juror at the Chopin Competition's X, XI and XII editions. 
Grychtołówna has been decorated the Gold Medal of the City of Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="20135232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135232" title="Getafe Air Base">
Getafe Air Base

Getafe Air Base is a military airbase located in Getafe, 14 km south of Madrid, Spain. The air base, at an altitude of 620 m above sea level, has a single runway with a length of 3.06 km. It was one of the first military air bases in Spain and, because of that, is considered the "cradle" of Spanish aviation.
The base was inaugurated in 1911 (20 years before Madrid Barajas International Airport) and two years later the Civil Aviation School was created.
Military use.
The US Military Assistance Program (MAP) gave the Spanish Air Force 12 C-119F transports in 1955-56. The Spanish Air Force never flew the aircraft. They decided they did not want the C-119s and so a decision was made to move the aircraft to the SABENA facility in Brussels for Iran and eventual transfer to the Jordanian Air Force.
In summer 1957, 12 two-pilot plus flight engineer crews flew to Gatafe from Evreux, France, for the purpose of a one time flight to the SABENA facility at the Brussels airport.
Civil use.
Nowadays, apart from military use, an EADS CASA factory is situated next to the base. It commonly uses the facilities to transport Airbus aircraft parts to Toulouse. In another factory next to the base, the Spanish Eurofighter Typhoons are assembled. The air traffic is light and mainly military.
Garrison.
The main military unit to operate from Getafe is the "Ala 35" transport wing, which operates CASA CN-235 (two units for VIP missions, eighteen units for transport) and EADS CASA C-295 (nine units for transport).
In 2008, most CN-235s moved to other Spanish Air Force bases and a second squadron of C-295s was formed. Several other units have also been placed at Getafe including the Cartographic Center's fleet from Cuatro Vientos Air Base a few kilometers from Getafe itself.

</doc>
<doc id="20135244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135244" title="Krstić">
Krstić

Krstić is a South Slavic surname, meaning "son of Krsta or Krsto", and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20135252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135252" title="Mount Nebo (Poolesville, Maryland)">
Mount Nebo (Poolesville, Maryland)

Mt. Nebo is a historic home located at Poolesville, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It is a large -story gable-roofed frame dwelling constructed in three periods: the main block, dating to the second quarter of the 19th century; a -story wing extends from the rear of the main block, which appears to have been an earlier dwelling from the late 18th century; and a two-story addition was made to the east gable end of the main block around the turn of the 20th century. Also on the property is a mid-19th-century log smokehouse and the remains of an early terraced "waterfall" garden. The property derives additional significance from its association with the White family through the latter half of the 19th century. Joseph White (1825–1903) was a locally prominent supporter of the Confederate cause during the American Civil War.
Mt. Nebo was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20135257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135257" title="RUAG Space">
RUAG Space

RUAG Space is the Space Division of the Swiss technology group RUAG. At a total of seven sites in Switzerland (Zurich, Emmen and Nyon), Sweden (Gothenburg, Linköping) and Austria (Vienna, Berndorf), RUAG Space employs around 1,100 people and posted sales of 283 million Swiss Francs in 2010.
Products.
RUAG Space’s core business is the development and manufacture of subsystems & equipment for satellites and launch vehicles. The portfolio is divided into five product areas: (1) launcher structures and separation mechanisms, (2) satellite structures, mechanisms and mechanical equipment, (3) digital electronics for satellites and launch vehicles (4) satellite communications equipment and (5) satellite instruments. 
Some specific products, such as slip rings or thermal insulation are offered also to non space customers
History.
The RUAG space activities had their roots at the site of Emmen, Switzerland, in the late 1970s when the company started to carry out the final assembly of payload fairings for Ariane rockets as a subcontractor of Oerlikon Contraves (later named Oerlikon Space). Primarily through acquisitions RUAG expanded its space business continuously. First, the Swiss government owned company took over the companies Mecanex (Nyon) and HTS (Wallisellen). In 2008, RUAG acquired the Swedish SAAB Space and its subsidiary Austrian Aerospace. In 2009, RUAG finally bought Oerlikon Space AG, the largest Swiss space company at that time.
Company structure.
RUAG Space is a division of the Swiss technology group RUAG, with locations in Switzerland, Sweden and Austria. While the Swiss space activities are part of the RUAG Schweiz AG, the Activities in Sweden and Austria are organized in dedicated companies, RUAG Space AB and RUAG Space GmbH. The Austrian RUAG Space GmbH is a subsidiary of the Swedish RUAG Space AB. RUAG Space AB and RUAG Schweiz AG are subsidiaries of RUAG Holding AG.
RUAG Space AB (Sweden).
RUAG Space AB specializes in related equipment, for example on board computer systems, antennas and microwave electronics for satellites and adapters and separation systems for launchers. The company headquarters is located in Gothenburg, Sweden and a division for mechanical systems is situated in Linköping, Sweden The company has 380 employees (2009).
It was originally started as a joint venture between SAAB and Ericsson as Saab Ericsson Space until Ericsson sold its stake to SAAB together with Saab Microwave Systems in 2006.
External links.
RUAG Space Website

</doc>
<doc id="20135276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135276" title="1967 France rugby union tour of South Africa">
1967 France rugby union tour of South Africa

The1967 France rugby union tour of South Africa was a series of matches played between July and August 1967 by France national rugby union team in South Africa and Rhodesia

</doc>
<doc id="20135282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135282" title="Adhémar Esmein">
Adhémar Esmein

Jean Paul Hippolyte Emmanuel Adhémar Esmein (1 February 1848 – 22 July 1913) was a French jurist.
After briefly teaching at Douai, in 1888 Esmein became professor of legal history and constitutional law at Paris. From 1898 until his death, he also taught canon law at the École pratique des hautes études. In 1904, he became a member of the Institute of France.
Esmein authored numerous textbooks on the history of French public law and French constitutional law. He also wrote numerous monographs on other subjects, particularly including canon law, the teaching of which in France he renewed through his works.

</doc>
<doc id="20135290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135290" title="Wakefield Cathedral">
Wakefield Cathedral

Wakefield Cathedral, or the Cathedral Church of All Saints in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, is the Anglican cathedral for the Diocese of Wakefield and seat of the Bishop of Wakefield. Originally the parish church, it has Anglo Saxon origins and after enlargement and rebuilding has the tallest spire in Yorkshire. It is the tallest building in the City of Wakefield.
The cathedral was designated a Grade I listed building on 14 July 1953.
History.
The cathedral, situated in the centre of Wakefield on a hill on Kirkgate, is built on the site of a Saxon church, evidence of which was uncovered in 1900 when extensions to the east end were made. A church in Wakefield is mentioned in the "Domesday Book" of 1086. In 1090 William II gave the church and land in Wakefield to Lewes Priory in Sussex and shortly after that a Norman church was built. 
The Norman church was rebuilt in 1329, and apart from the tower and spire, rebuilt and enlarged in 1469. The church was reconstructed and altered at various times and its spire, damaged in a violent gale, was renewed in 1823. Up to the 16th century the church was known by the Anglo Saxon "All Hallows" and after the Reformation changed to "All Saints". 
All Saints Church was largely rebuilt in the Perpendicular Gothic style in the early 15th century and, after years of neglect in the 18th century, owes its current late mediaeval appearance to a Victorian restoration by Sir George Gilbert Scott and his son John Oldrid Scott between 1858 and 1874. In 1888, the Diocese of Wakefield was created and All Saints Church became the cathedral of the diocese. It still serves as a parish church, meaning that until 2000 the head of the chapter of canons was called the provost, rather than the dean. The Treacy Hall built in memory of Bishop Eric Treacy was completed in 1982.
In January 2000 a parish boundary change brought the chantry chapel, on Wakefield Bridge, into the care of the cathedral.
In 2005 Queen Elizabeth II visited the cathedral to distribute Maundy money.
In 2012 the cathedral, with £1.58 million of Heritage Lottery funding had raised £2.5 million to restore and reorder the nave which will be cleared of its oak pews to create an open space for worship, public events and celebrations. A decision to charge VAT on restoration work on historic buildings in the 2012 budget caused concern that the project would be halted or delayed.
Its archives are held at West Yorkshire Archive Service in Wakefield.
Structure.
The cathedral walls are clad in ashlar sandstone. On the south wall is a porch, with a wrought iron gate and a sundial over the door arch. The wall of the north aisle is the oldest part of the church dating from about 1150. The nave piers date from the 12th and 13th centuries and the arcade and chancel arches date from the 14th century. The late 15th-century chancel now serves as the choir. The nave's original stone vaulted roof has been replaced with wood. The 15th-century wooden ceilings over the nave and aisles have carved bosses.
The current chancel, a transept and St Mark's Chapel were built at the east end in 1904 to designs by John Loughborough Pearson and completed by his son, Frank L Pearson. The 20th-century chancel has a stone vaulted roof.
The cathedral's large four-stage west tower has angle buttresses and a very tall crocketed spire behind an embattled parapet with crocketed corner pinnacles and at tall, is the highest spire in Yorkshire.
Fixtures and fittings.
The cathedral's windows have some panel tracery. None of the medieval stained glass survives and most of the cathedral's glass was created by Charles Eamer Kempe who created many windows over 50 years. His windows are reminiscent in colour of those of the late Middle Ages, darker on the north wall with Old Testament themes and lighter on the south side where he placed New Testament figures. 
The cathedral has a 17th-century rood screen and above it a rood by Ninian Comper completed in 1950. The font dates from the mid 17th-century and the pulpit from 1708. Eleven of the 15th-century choir stalls, the gift of Sir Thomas Savile, have misericords and other carvings including a green man and mythical beasts. 
The reredos is the work of John Oldrid Scott and possibly incorporates earlier works while the high altar is by Frank Pearson. Some furniture in St Mark's Chapel is by Robert Thompson, the 'Mouseman'. The cathedral has a fine collection of church plate. A monument to Sir Lyon Pilkington dates from about 1700 and other memorial tablets are from the 18th and early 19th centuries.
The organ built by Abbott and Smith in 1902, has a case made in 1743. It was rebuilt by John Compton in London in 1951-52 and rebuilt and restored by Phillip Wood and Sons of Huddersfield in 1985.
The cathedral tower has a ring of 14 bells including a 35-1-0 cwt, (note C) tenor, a flat 6th (note B flat), and extra treble (note A), to give a light 10 in (note F) (tenor 14 cwt). No more than 12 bells are usually rung at any one time. Practices range from rounds and call changes on six up to "Surprise Maximus". The bells are rung on Sundays, and to mark special occasions such as weddings and national events such as the Queen's Diamond Jubilee.
Music.
Wakefield Cathedral Choir, directed by Thomas Moore assisted by Simon Earl (assistant director of music) and Daniel Justin (organ scholar), consists of boys, girls and men who perform at the cathedral and have appeared on BBC One's "Songs of Praise" and BBC Radio 3's "Choral Evensong". In 1992 Wakefield Cathedral became only the second cathedral in Britain to accept female choristers.
The cathedral has had five organists since 1888, of which Jonathan Bielby, MBE was the longest serving organist in an English cathedral.
References.
Notes
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="20135351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135351" title="Rudolf Eisenmenger">
Rudolf Eisenmenger

Rudolf Hermann Eisenmenger (August 7, 1902 – November 3, 1994) was an Austrian artist.
He was born in Piskitelep and died in Vienna.
In 1936 he won a silver medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for his "Läufer vor dem Ziel" ("Runners at the Finishing Line").
He is known for the mural, Homecoming from the Eastern Front, which whitewashes the failures of the Nazi invasion of Russia by depicting the returning soldiers as fresh, strong and confident. It was exhibited at the Great German Art Exhibition of 1937 in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="20135360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135360" title="Old Chiswell Place">
Old Chiswell Place

The Old Chiswell Place is a historic home and property located at Poolesville, Montgomery County, Maryland. The home is a frame, log, and brick structure built in three stages. In addition to the residence, there is a meathouse of log with an attached springhouse. There is a small log house probably used for storage with sandstone chips used between the logs. There is also an early corncrib made of frame and logs. It has the further significance of having been the home of three men distinguished in their period. George Frazier Magruder bought this farm in 1778 and moved from neighboring Prince George's County where he had been a fourth generation resident and planter.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20135364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135364" title="Papyrus 80">
Papyrus 80

Papyrus 80 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designed by formula_180, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of John. The surviving text of John is verse 3:34. 
The manuscript paleographically had been assigned to the 3rd century.
The Greek text of this codex probably is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type, but text is too brief too determine its textual character. 
Aland placed it in Category I (because of its date).
It is currently housed at the Fundación Sant Lluc Evangelista (Inv. no. 83) in Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="20135384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135384" title="General Cepeda">
General Cepeda

General Cepeda is a city and seat of the municipality of General Cepeda, in the north-eastern Mexican state of Coahuila.
Location.
General Cepeda is located in the southeastern state of Coahuila, at coordinates 101 ° 28'30 "west longitude and 25 ° 22'41" north latitude, at an altitude of 1.460 meters over sea level.
Religion.
Catholic. The lot of them.

</doc>
<doc id="20135405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135405" title="Krsto">
Krsto

Krsto, also Krste or Krǎstyo is a South Slavic given name.

</doc>
<doc id="20135407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135407" title="Papyrus 81">
Papyrus 81

Papyrus 81 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_181, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the First Epistle of Peter. The surviving texts of 1 Peter are verses 2:20-3:1,4-12. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 4th century. 
The Greek text of this codex probably is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 
It is currently housed at the Property S. Daris (№ 20) in Trieste.

</doc>
<doc id="20135417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135417" title="1968 France rugby union tour of New Zealand and Australia">
1968 France rugby union tour of New Zealand and Australia

In July and August 1968, the French national rugby union team toured New Zealand and Australia. They played three tests against New Zealand and one against Australia, losing all four.
Touring party.
Full Backs.
Pierre Villepreux (Stade Toulousain)
Claude Lacaze (Angoulême)
Three-Quarters.
Andre Campeas (Lourdes)
Jean-Marie Bonal (Stade Toulousain)
Pierre Besson (Brive)
Andre Piazza (Montauban)
Claude Dorthe (Dax)
Jean Trillo (Begles)
Joe Maso (Perpignan)
Jean-Pierre Lux (Tyrosse)
Half-Backs.
Christian Boujet (Grenoble)
Jean Andrieu (Graulhet)
Marcel Puget (Brive)
Jean-Louis Berot (Stade Toulousain)
Forwards.
Christian Carrerre (Toulon)
Jean-Jacques Salut (Toulouse O.E.C)
Jean-Claude Olivier (Cognac)
Michel Billieres (Stade Toulousain)
Alain Plantefol (Agen)
Walter Spanghero (Narbonne)
Eli Cester (Toulouse O.E.C)
Michel Greffe (Grenoble)
Benoit Dauga (Mont de Marsan)
Jean-Claude Noble (La Voulte)
Jean-Claude Berejnoi (Tuille)
Jean-Michel Esponda (Perpignan)
Jean Iracabal
Michel Lasserre (Agen)
Jean-Paul Baux (Lannemezan)
Michel Yachvili (Tulle)

</doc>
<doc id="20135419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135419" title="Mikhail Voskresensky">
Mikhail Voskresensky

Mikhail Voskresensky (Russian Михаил Сергеевич Воскресенский) is a Russian pianist. He was born in 1935.
Training.
Mikhail Voskresensky is known internationally as a pianist in the great Romantic tradition. He graduated from the Moscow Conservatory where he studied under Ilia Klyachko, Boris Zemliansky, Yakob Milstein, Lev Oborin (piano) and Leonid Roizman (organ). As student of the famous Lev Oborin, the winner of the First Chopin Competition in 1927, Voskresensky adopted his teacher's refined romanticism and perfect taste in harmony with the piano's splendid sound. The images evoked by his playing suggest contrasting musical colors, never out of harmony, and a charming legato inducing the instrument to sing. Mikhail Voskresensky is Prize-winner of the Schumann International Competition in Berlin, the International Competition in Rio de Janeiro, the George Enescu International Competition in Bucarest and the Van Cliburn Competition in Fort Worth.
Awards.
In 1957, Voskresensky took part in the Prague Spring Festival where he performed European premiere of Shostakovich Second Piano concerto with the presence of Shostakovich himself. In 1966, he was honored with the Merited Artist of Russia award and in 1989 the People's Artist of Russia.
Concert Geography.
Mikhail Voskresensky's concert geography is very large. He performed with more than 150 conductors in almost all countries of Europe, Japan, Korea, China, Australia, USA, Mexico, Cuba, Kenia, Zimbabwe and Peru. He had wonderful critics in international festivals in Tours, Colmar and Aix-en-Provence: “Voskresensky is not only an outstanding virtuoso, he lives in music and plunges into its depths…” Semaines Musicales, Tours. During his New York debut his performance of Liszt Sonata and 5-th Scriabin sonata was highly estimated. His colleagues in chamber music were Borodin quartet, Shostakovich quartet, Tokyo quartet in New York, violinists M.Yashvili (all violin sonatas of Beethoven in 2004-05 season), R.Nodel and P.Berman, cellists E.Altman and A.Kniazev. Voskresensky's large repertoire includes all Beethoven sonatas, all works of Chopin, 64 piano concertos with orchestra, played with John Pritchard, Franz Konwitschny, Kurt Mazur, Stanislav Scrowachewsky, Eugeny Svetlanov, Charles Dutoit etc. He recorded more than 50 CD's.
Mikhail Voskresensky is a professor at the Moscow Conservatory, the chair of the professorship of piano faculty. His pupils have won 126 international prizes including 55 gold medals. Between them Stanislav Igolinsky, Amir Tebenihin, Temirzhan Erzhanov, Yakov Kasman, Alexander Ghindin, Sergej Koudriakov, Sergei Kuznezov, Evelina Vorontsova, Elena Kuznetsova, Mikhail Yanovitsky, Kooryeong Park, Oleg Marshev, Yury Favorin, Varvara Nepomnyaschaya, Sergey Neller, Galina Chistyakova and Nikolay Khozyainov etc. … From 2001 to 2004, professor Voskresensky taught in Toho Gakuen University in Tokyo where his pupils had won 12 different prizes including Akiko Yamamoto's triumph at Schumann International competition in Zwickau in 2004. As a competition jurist Mikhail Voskresensky was in Sydney, London, Leeds, Geneva, Hamamatsu, Tel Aviv, Los Angeles and many others. He was jury member of the XIII (2007) and XIV (2011) Tchaikovsky competitions and constantly is the chairman of Scriabin International Competition in Moscow.
He played the first concerto by Shostakovich in Beijing and the first concerto by Tchaikovsky in Shanghai under the button of Charles Dutoit. In the fall of 2007, during the celebration of the 100 anniversary of his teacher Lev Oborin, Voskresensky played in the Great Hall of Moscow Conservatory the Forth Concerto by Beethoven under the button of Vladimir Ashkenazi and The Second concerto by Brahms with Leonid Nikolaev.
On 2 June 2010, Voskresensky completed his Mozart Piano Concertos Series; during three years, all 27 Mozart piano concertos were performed and recorded live in the Maly (Small) Hall of Moscow Conservatory under the direction of maestro Leonid Nikolaev (1940-2009) - 16 concertos and under the direction of maestro Konstantin Masluk (11 concertos). Now all 10 CD's are released, separately or as 10CD box. In September 2011, Voskresensky received ‘Prize of Moscow City’ for the performance and recording of all concertos of Mozart.

</doc>
<doc id="20135441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135441" title="Guerrero, Coahuila">
Guerrero, Coahuila

Guerrero is a city and seat of the municipality of Guerrero, in the north-eastern Mexican state of Coahuila. The 2010 census population was reported as 959 inhabitants. 
History.
Mission San Juan Bautista was founded on St. John's Day, June 24, 1699, on the Río de Sabinas, 25 miles north of Lampazos, Nuevo León, Mexico. It served 150 Indians of different Coahuiltecan bands. After only 5 months, it was moved and reestablished at present-day Guerrero, Coahuila on January 1, 1700.
Among the Native people served by the mission were the Ervipiame.
In 1703 a Presidio was established at San Juan Bautista.

</doc>
<doc id="20135448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135448" title="Eustathios Romaios">
Eustathios Romaios

Eustathios Romaios (ca. 970 – 1030) was a Byzantine jurist and a judge on the Byzantine Imperial Court.
His writings, partially preserved in a practical handbook ("peira") written by one of his secretaries, are a principal source for legal historians researching the renaissance of Justinian's thought in the Middle Byzantine Greco-Roman legal culture. The "Peira" appears to have been very popular and was still used by the last great Byzantine jurist, Konstantinos Armenopoulos, in the 14th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20135465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135465" title="Santa Rosa de Múzquiz">
Santa Rosa de Múzquiz

Santa Rosa de Múzquiz (also: Ciudad Melchor Múzquiz, Ciudad Múzquiz) is a city and seat of the municipality of Múzquiz, in the north-eastern Mexican state of Coahuila.
It is named for Melchor Múzquiz, President of the Republic in 1832, born in Santa Rosa in 1790.

</doc>
<doc id="20135480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135480" title="Maadi Community Church">
Maadi Community Church

The Maadi Community Church is a large, interdenominational international Christian church in Maadi, an affluent suburb of Egypt's capital city Cairo.
History.
The Maadi Community Church has been serving the English-speaking community of Cairo since 1947 when primarily Americans met for a periodic Sunday morning community service. This group developed into the present Maadi Community Church and called Pastor Dr. Otto F.A. Meinardus its first pastor. Meinardus served the church from 1957 to 1967. In June 2000, the Maadi Community Church was formally recognized by Egyptian authorities as an independent international church under the name "Evangelical International Church".
The church experienced rapid growth under the leadership of David Glen Petrescue, pastor of the church from 1992 to his death in Cairo on September 5, 2006.
Pastor Petrescue discovered a visionary strategy in Judges 15:4-5, enabling his congregation to become Egypt’s largest expatriate church. In that passage, Samson set the tails of foxes on fire, making them run like mad, destroying the fields of the Philistines. Following this parable, Petrescue saw as the church's mission to foster evangelism among expatriate Christians in Egypt. Petrescue helped the church grow from around 150 people in 1992 to a congregation of 1,500 in 2006, representing more than 70 denominations and 50 nations. Maadi Community Church is involved in church planting, leadership training, and ministries to Sudanese refugees in Egypt.
Senior Pastor Steve Flora has been serving the church since May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20135481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135481" title="Wilmington Downs">
Wilmington Downs

Wilmington Downs is a Site of Special Scientific Interest which is part of the South Downs in East Sussex, England. The area is of biological interest due to its rare chalk grassland habitat.
The area is also of archaeological interest with the Long Man of Wilmington carved into its surface. In addition, there are earthworks from stone age flint mines.

</doc>
<doc id="20135486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135486" title="Nava, Coahuila">
Nava, Coahuila

Nava is a city and seat of Nava Municipality, in the north-eastern Mexican state of Coahuila. 

</doc>
<doc id="20135487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135487" title="1992 Paris Open – Singles">
1992 Paris Open – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20135501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135501" title="LSAT rifle">
LSAT rifle

The LSAT rifle, of the LSAT (Lightweight Small Arms Technologies) program, is a developmental assault rifle. Design began in 2008, four years after the beginning of the LSAT program. Like the LSAT LMG, the rifle is designed to be significantly lighter than existing designs, and is designed to fire lighter ammunition. Like the rest of the program, the weapon extensively uses parallel development. It has designs for polymer-cased ammunition and caseless ammunition, and designs using spring-loading magazines and weapon-powered magazines. This parallel development reduces the risk of the program failing. Computer simulation and modelling, particularly of the LMG, is being used for all components of the program, including the rifle. This reduces both time and expenditure for prototyping and testing. The other program components use a 'spiral development' approach, whereby the product is rolled out in stages or 'spirals', each stage producing a new version that is an improvement on those from previous spirals; the rifle shall likely use the same approach. The weapon and the program are closely connected to the Future Force Warrior concept, with aims to integrate electronics and computerized optics, and aims to increase the mobility of soldiers. The weapon is also intended to improve on reliability and ease of maintenance.
Design Requirements.
Various new designs for infantry drove the requirement for the standard rifle to be lighter. New uses of information technology and future concepts (such as the Future Force Warrior) require lighter equipment. Notably, when extra weight from advanced, computerized optical sights is introduced, the weapon needs to be made lighter to compensate. New strategic concepts require greater infantry mobility to be fully realized. Making the LSAT rifle lighter is the most essential innovation of development. Other improvements are also important. The weapon is being designed with the integration of electronics and advanced optics in mind. The reliability of the current M16 and M4 compared with rifles using gas pistons has led many to call for the former weapons to be replaced. A highly reliable gas-system is important for the LSAT rifle. Improved reliability of the rifle in general is a likely requirement, similar to the improved reliability objective for the LSAT LMG.
Design Progress.
The rifle design began with seventeen concepts; however, after the concepts were investigated and trade-offs were analysed, only two remained for the cased round, and two for the caseless round. The two designs for each ammunition type revolve around two magazine approaches. One uses the standard mechanism, with springs inside the magazine feeding rounds into the weapon; the other uses a 'weapon powered' approach, presumably to reduce the extra weight and space that springs create in magazines. Both magazine designs are focussed around high capacity. The rifle designs are undergoing the same simulated, structural, and kinematic analyses as the LMG. Both a working rifle and accompanying ammunition prototypes have been made, but it uncertain if or when the program will result in a new rifle for the US military.

</doc>
<doc id="20135526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135526" title="Morelos, Coahuila">
Morelos, Coahuila

Morelos is a city and seat of the municipality of Morelos, in the north-eastern Mexican state of Coahuila.

</doc>
<doc id="20135540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135540" title="Nathan Dickerson Poole House">
Nathan Dickerson Poole House

The Nathan Dickerson Poole House is a historic home located at Poolesville, Montgomery County, Maryland. It is a -story, frame dwelling, constructed in 1871 and its design combines elements of the Victorian Gothic and Italianate styles. Also on the property are a frame barn and corn shed of early-20th-century date.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20135569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135569" title="Juárez Municipality, Coahuila">
Juárez Municipality, Coahuila

Juárez is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in Northeastern Mexico with Don Margarito Garcia as Municipal President (January 2010 – July 2010). The municipal seat lies at Juárez. The municipality covers an area of . As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 1,393.

</doc>
<doc id="20135582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135582" title="Aynho for Deddington railway station">
Aynho for Deddington railway station

Aynho for Deddington railway station was a railway station serving the village of Aynho in Northamptonshire, England. It was on what is now known as the Cherwell Valley Line.
History.
When the first section of the Oxford and Rugby Railway was opened as far as on 2 September 1850, there were only three intermediate stations, the northernmost of which was Aynho. The Oxford & Rugby Railway was absorbed by the Great Western Railway prior to opening.
To the north of the station is Aynho Junction, the northern end of the Bicester "cut-off" line, which was brought into use in 1910. This route passes close to Aynho station, and a nearby station named was provided on the Bicester "cut-off" route.
The station passed on to the Western Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed by the British Railways Board, to goods on 4 May 1964 and to passengers on 2 November 1964, along with three other stations between and Didcot; by this time it had been renamed "Aynho for Deddington".
The site today.
Trains on the Cherwell Valley Line pass the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20135589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135589" title="Firle Escarpment">
Firle Escarpment

Firle Escarpment is a Site of Special Scientific Interest falling within the South Downs Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty in the county of East Sussex, England. The area is of biological interest due to its chalk grassland habitat supporting many species of flora, including the rare early spider orchid "Ophrys sphegodes".

</doc>
<doc id="20135598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135598" title="Progreso, Coahuila">
Progreso, Coahuila

Progreso is a city and seat of the municipality of Progreso, in the north-eastern Mexican state of Coahuila. 

</doc>
<doc id="20135605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135605" title="Tarab Abdul Hadi">
Tarab Abdul Hadi

Tarab Abdul Hadi (also transliterated Tarab 'Abd al-Hadi) (1910 Jenin –1976 Cairo) was a Palestinian Muslim activist and feminist. In the late 1920s, she co-founded the Palestine Arab Women's Congress (PAWC), the first women's organization in British Mandate Palestine, and was an active organizer in its sister group, the Arab Women's Association (AWA).
Political organizing.
Tarab Abdul Hadi was the wife of Awni Abd al-Hadi, who was himself active in politics and went on to become a prominent member of the Istiqlal party. Abdul Hadi and other women from notable Jerusalem families, established the Palestine Arab Women's Congress (PAWC) to make clear their opposition to the Zionist presence in Palestine and their support for the men's national struggle for independence. The first meeting of the PAWC was held at Abdul Hadi's home in Jerusalem on October 26, 1929, with the event since heralded as the "first time" that Palestinian women entered the political arena. Abdul Hadi became one of the members of PAWC's Executive Committee, which consisted of fourteen women, drawn primarily from among notable Jerusalem families, such as the Husseinis, 'Alamis, Nashashibis, and Budeiris. Besides writing letters and telegrams to raise awareness of the Palestinian plight, the PAWC also engaged in prisoner advocacy, attempting to reduce the length of harsh sentences by appealing to the British authorities and raising money to support families who had lost their breadwinners to imprisonment. 
Abdul Hadi was also active in the Arab Women's Association (AWA), also founded in 1929, which became the most prominent feminist organization in Palestine. In her capacity as an AWA organizer, she delivered a speech at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in April 1933, during a visit by British General Allenby, stating: "The Arab ladies ask Lord Allenby to remember and tell this to his government ... The mothers, daughters, sisters of the Arab victims are gathered here to make the world witness the betrayal of the British. We want all the Arabs to remember that the British are the cause of our suffering and they should learn from the lesson." Abdul Hadi was also active in the campaign against the veil, an initiative launched by local women encouraging Palestinian women to remove their veils.
After the 1948 Arab-Israeli war, Abdul Hadi ended up in Cairo, Egypt with her husband, Awni Abd al-Hadi. Her husband died in Cairo in 1970, and she died there in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20135606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135606" title="Adolf Rzepko">
Adolf Rzepko

Adolf Rzepko (1825 – 1892) was a Polish composer, oboist, choral and orchestral conductor, and pianist.
He was a disciple of Václav Tomášek. He was mainly active as a performer (he served for many years as the Wielki Theatre orchestra's principal oboe), a choral conductor and a pedagogue. He was the author of two music treatises: "The principles of music" (1869) and "A piano school". 
Rzepko was born in Prague. He died in Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="20135617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135617" title="Kasuga Station (Fukuoka)">
Kasuga Station (Fukuoka)


</doc>
<doc id="20135635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135635" title="The Ridge (Derwood, Maryland)">
The Ridge (Derwood, Maryland)

The Ridge is a historic home located at Derwood, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story Flemish bond brick house on a fieldstone foundation. The decorative detailing in the main house reflects Georgian, Federal, and Greek Revival influences. Also on the property is an 18th-century two-story log building. It was the home of Zadok Magruder and his descendants, until 1956.
The Ridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20135644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135644" title="Nenad Krstičić">
Nenad Krstičić

Nenad Krstičić (born 3 July 1990 in Belgrade) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays for Serie A club Sampdoria and the Serbian national team. He is mostly played in an attacking midfield role.
Club career.
Krstičić started his career at OFK Beograd and joined Sampdoria on 1 September 2008 on the insisting of Giuseppe Marotta, who believed the 17-year old was one of the most talented players he had ever brought to the club. While playing for the youth team, he played in the 2011 Torneo di Viareggio as over-age member. Before the end of the year, he suffered a knee injury and went through surgery when doctors unexpectedly diagnosed him with a rare and lethal form of tumor from a malignant neoplasm and allegedly told Krstičić he had 48 hours to live. Luckily, the metastasis randomly stopped and Krstičić lived on to play football, although the condition was a great setback from his initial prospects of his talents fully blossoming later in his career.
Krstičić made his debut for Sampdoria in a UEFA Europa League match against Debrecen, on 16 December 2010. On 2 December 2012, he scored his first goal for Sampdoria against Fiorentina.
International career.
Krstičić made his debut for Serbia on February 6, 2013, in a friendly match against Cyprus at the age of 22.

</doc>
<doc id="20135647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135647" title="Good Doctor (advertisement)">
Good Doctor (advertisement)

Good Doctor (also credited as Doctor or Plague) is a television and cinema advertisement released in 2002 by Interbrew to promote its Stella Artois brand of lager within the United Kingdom. The 100-second spot was produced by advertising agency Lowe Lintas & Partners in London. "Good Doctor" premiered on British television in January 2002, with later appearances in cinemas. It is the seventh piece in the "Jean de Florette"-inspired "Reassuringly Expensive" series that had been running since 1992. The advert was directed by Czech director Ivan Zacharias with help from the production company Stink and post-production work by The Moving Picture Company. The commercial was a popular, financial, and critical success, boosting sales during the period in which it ran, and receiving more awards than any other campaign in 2002, including a Cannes Gold Lion, an Epica Award and several prizes from the D&AD Awards.
Sequence.
"Good Doctor" opens in a field in 19th century rural France, where a doctor confirms that one of the field hands is dying of cholera. The other workers flee, leaving the doctor to burn the remains. Later, he is called from his hospital to help another woman, who had collapsed in the town square. The gathered crowd backs away from him as he approaches, and refuses to help him carry the victim away. When he later enters the local public house, an elderly resident threatens him with a shotgun, declaring him "contaminated" and asking him to leave. The town's priest enters and admonishes the patrons, calling the bartender to give the doctor a Stella Artois, which sets the crowd murmuring. The priest shakes the doctor's hand and embraces him, proclaiming him uncontaminated. Nonetheless, the publican warily approaches and places the ordered drink on the floor in front of the doctor. As the doctor begins to drink, the opening strains of the theme from "Jean de Florette" play in the background. The crowd stares as the priest takes a swig from the same glass, and then passes it to the gun-toting man. As the patrons begin jostling for a sip of the Stella Artois, the doctor coughs. The piece ends with the tableau of the patrons freezing in horror.
Production.
Background.
The "Reassuringly Expensive" campaign, of which "Good Doctor" is part, began in 1982. Frank Lowe, head of the advertising agency behind the production of "Good Doctor", worked on marketing for Stella Artois during his tenure at Collett Dickinson Pearce in the 1970s, creating print campaigns such as "My shout, he whispered". In 1981, Lowe left Collett Dickinson Pearce to form his own advertising agency, taking with him the Stella Artois account. Within a year, Lowe launched the "Reassuringly Expensive" campaign, which aimed to turn a substantial negative for the brand (higher prices due to greater Duty on high-alcohol content beverages in the United Kingdom) into a positive, assuring customers that by being more expensive, the premium lager was better than cheaper brands. Earlier pieces were primarily print campaigns, but in 1990, a chance viewing of "Jean de Florette" led one of Lowe's creative directors to pen a script based on a similar concept. The resulting television and cinema advertisement, "Jacques de Florette", proved immensely popular and formed the basis for a series of six award-winning adverts produced between 1991 and 2001, including "Good Samaritan", "Last Orders" and "Returning Hero". "Good Doctor" was announced in February 2002 as the seventh in the series.
Production.
Lowe London approached Czech director Ivan Zacharias, known for his work on Land Rover's "Born Free" campaign, to direct the piece. Filming took place over six days on location in the south of France, with the cast and crew working from 5am into the night. To achieve the piece's characteristic weathered look, three copies of the film stock (5245 Eastman EXR 50D and 5246 Kodak Vision 250D) were graded separately to emphasize the grain of the film and the earthen tones of the subjects. The three passes were then composited and reworked further in Inferno, an online visual effects system.
Actors.
Doctor: Luc Bataini (Luc Lemarie)
Priest: Jean Claude Arnaud (Sociétaire Comédie Française +)
Gunman: Georges gueret
Barman: Thierry Bois
Fool: Thierry Bareges
Release and reception.
Schedule.
The full 100-second version of "Good Doctor" premiered in British cinemas on 15 February 2002, with 60- and 70-second cuts appearing on television the following month. It continued to screen for the rest of 2002, proving popular with the British public.
Response.
Sales of Stella Artois increased by 18.3% over the year, credited in no small part to the latest "Reassuringly Expensive" piece. This placed it in fifth position in ACNielsen's annual "Biggest Brands" survey for increases in sales within the UK, and cemented Stella's dominance of the premium lager market within the United Kingdom and putting the brand in fifth position in terms of increased sales for the year.
"Good Doctor" was also immensely successful at the industry's awards ceremonies, receiving more awards than any other advertising campaign worldwide in 2002. These included an award for Best Direction at the British Television Craft Awards, a Bronze Medal from the Institute of Practitioners in Advertising Effectiveness Awards, a Gold in the Alcoholic Beverages category of the Epica Awards, and a Silver Award (plus three nominations) at the D&AD Awards. The piece also won a Gold Lion at the Cannes Lions International Advertising Festival to boos from the gathered audience, a reaction that several other pieces of the "Reassuringly Expensive" campaign had received upon winning awards at the festival in previous years. After winning the Lion, "Good Doctor" was shortlisted for the festival's Grand Prix Award, considered the most prestigious in the industry, alongside "Champagne" (for Microsoft's Xbox gaming platform), and eventual winner "Odyssey" (for Levi's jeans).
Legacy.
The success of the campaign led to the commission of another piece from Vince Squibb, the writer of "Good Doctor". The ad, titled "Devil's Island", was released in 2003. The following year, Ivan Zacharias returned as a director for a new Stella Artois advertisement, "Pilot". "Pilot" went on itself to win a Bronze Lion at Cannes, among other awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20135649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135649" title="Steve Williams (Australian rugby player)">
Steve Williams (Australian rugby player)

Steve Williams (born 29 July 1958) is an Australian former state and national representative rugby union player who captained the Wallabies in five Test matches in 1985.
Early life and sporting promise.
A grazier's son, born in Narromine in far-western New South Wales, Williams was sent to boarding school at St Joseph's College in Sydney where his large frame and athletic promise was nurtured at the Joey's rugby nursery. He excelled as a schoolboy sportsman. He rowed in the First VIII for three years, won the GPS Schools Shot Put Championship in the Open division two years, played in the school's First XV for two years and was selected in the Australian Schoolboy's XV (1975 and 1976).
Club rugby.
He joined the Drummoyne Rugby Club from school but later moved to the Manly club and was there in 1983 when Alan Jones took over as coach. He captained this Manly team in 1983 to win the final. Jones was the new Australian coach from 1984 and he saw the value that Williams brought to the national pack in his line-out jumping, his surprising pace and fearless scrummaging. Jones also saw Williams' leadership potential.
Representative rugby career and leadership style.
Williams debuted for Australia against Fiji in the 1980 three match tour. He played in all matches including Australia's 22–9 Test victory. That year he also appeared for New South Wales Waratahs against the touring All Blacks and then was selected for the Wallabies in the first and second Tests of that year's Bledisloe Cup series. He suffered a broken jaw in the 2nd Test after starting a fracas with New Zealand's Mark Shaw and was out for the 3rd Test.
He made four appearances in 1981 against the touring French side – for Sydney, New South Wales and in both Tests. He was then selected for the 1981–82 tour of the British Isles but the first choice second-rowers were skipper Tony Shaw, and Peter McLean and Williams generally played in the minor matches other than the Test against England.
In 1982 Williams toured to New Zealand in the squad led by Mark Ella and played in eight matches including all three Tests against the All Blacks. In 1983 he represented against the United States, Argentina and New Zealand and made the European tour squad, playing late that year in Tests against France and Italy.
1984 was a golden year for Australian rugby and Williams played a prominent role. Three Tests were played at home against New Zealand where he formed a new second-row partnership with another giant name Steven – Steve Cutler. The team gained toughness and finessed its combinations in August before heading to the British Isles under captain Andrew Slack for the 1984 Grand Slam tour. Jones valued Williams' quiet lead-by-example ethic, his work ethic and the hard edge he brought to the pack especially in his ability to protect the young line-out star Cutler. Jones made Williams the forward leader and squad vice-captain.
Steve Williams proudly debuted as captain of the Wallabies in the first tour match against London Division and in another later mid-week game. He led the pack in all four Tests and was instrumental in the famous push-over try against Wales at Cardiff Arms which marked the coming of age of Australian forward play, an indication that the Wallabies could finally field a world-class pack. Howell quotes Mark Ella" "When Alan Jones made Steve the senior forward, it was the best thing that could have happened. He took the responsibility and really drove the forwards. I must say Steve's lineout ability surprised me. Some of his jumping was sensational, particularly in the Irish test. It enabled us to take pressure off Steve Cutler by being able to throw to 2,4 or 6. To Williams up front, Cutler in the middle or Steve Tuynman at the back. Our lineout was complete.""
The Grand Slam victory by the 1984 squad was the first ever for an Australian team. A number of the senior players retired at tour's end and some of the stars took a year off. Williams however played on enabling him a distinguished 1985. He captained the Wallabies in five Tests that year – victories in two match series against both Canada and Fiji before a 9–10 loss against New Zealand. He retired at the top, as his country's captain having played 56 matches for Australia, having made five Wallaby tours, with a then record for a second-rower of 28 Test appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="20135652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135652" title="Papyrus 82">
Papyrus 82

Papyrus 82 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_182, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of Luke. The surviving texts of Luke are verses 7:32-34,37-38. The manuscript paleographically had been assigned to the 4th century (or 5th century). 
The Greek text of this codex probably is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale et universitaire (P. Gr. 2677) in Strasbourg.

</doc>
<doc id="20135654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135654" title="Ocampo, Coahuila">
Ocampo, Coahuila

Ocampo is a city and seat of the municipality of Ocampo, in the north-eastern Mexican state of Coahuila. It had a population of 3,679 inhabitants in the 2010 census, representing over one-third of the municipality's population. 

</doc>
<doc id="20135658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135658" title="Ernesto Badini">
Ernesto Badini

Ernesto Badini was an Italian opera singer that sang in the baritone range (born San Colombano al Lambro, 14 Sept 1876; died Milan, 6 July 1937). He was trained at Milan Conservatory and made his debut as Matteo (in "Frà Diavolo") at Lodi's Teatro Gaffurio in 1896. Badini was a regular performer at Milan's La Scala and achieved his greatest success in the comic role of Puccini's Gianni Schicchi.
Biography.
In "Il Signor Bruschino" (Rossini), he was said with a generally "excellent cast" to have "co-operated with a will". At Covent Garden:
he portrayed Marcello in "Boheme" (Puccini): "particularly well-suited for [this part" He also worked in South America and Salzburg.
His voice was described as "serviceable rather than rich": whilst his acting ability demonstrated "an assured style and economy of gesture" 
First Performances.
He participated in several first performances, as follows:
Puccini: "Gianni Schicchi" (premieres at Milan and Covent Garden). "... a delightful picture of Schicchi, entering fully into the spirit of the piece" 
Mascagni: "Il piccolo Marat" (world)
Mascagni: "Pinotta" (world) 
Giordano’s "La cena delle beffe" (world)
Wolf-Ferrari’s "Sly" (world).
Recordings.
"Il barbiere di Siviglia" Complete recording 1919, conductor Carlo Sabajno. Figaro. See: Carlo Sabajno, Wikipedia, Discography: • 1919 Rossini: Il barbiere di Siviglia – Ernesto Badini, Malvina Pereira, Edoardo Taliani; Orchestra and Chorus of La Scala, Milan. Gramophone Company.
"Don Pasquale": Badini participated in the first complete recording. This performance showed him as "A one-time lyric baritone graduated into a superb buffo". "Badini speaks as much as he sings-- but what a difference when he does sing, and in the tonal solidity of the speaking too". ()
Several excerpts discs were also created on the following labels:
Columbia Graphophone Company
1925: excerpts: "Gianni Schicchi", "Magic Flute"
Victor Talking Machine Company
cat 45035 "Otello", "Barbiere" excerpts

</doc>
<doc id="20135670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135670" title="Nicolaas Everaerts">
Nicolaas Everaerts

Nicolaas Everaerts, also called Nicolaus Everardi (1461/62–1532) was a Dutch jurist and the father of Johannes Secundus, an acclaimed poet. He is not to be confused with Nicolaus Everardi (1495–1570) and his son Nicolaus Everardi (1537–86), both professors in Ingolstadt.
Biography.
Born in Grijpskerke, he studied in Leuven, where he became rector of the university in 1504. He also held various ecclesiastical offices, and in the service to the Bishop of Cambrai befriended Erasmus of Rotterdam. In 1508 he was appointed to the Supreme Court of the Netherlands, the Great Council of Mechelen, in 1510 as president of the county court of Holland and in 1528 as president of the "Grote Raad", wielding great influence in these offices.
His only work published during his lifetime, "Topicorum seu de locis legalibus liber" (1516) as well as the posthumously published "Responsa sive consilium" (1554) came to be of great practical importance to the jurists of the time.

</doc>
<doc id="20135673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135673" title="Sabinas">
Sabinas

Sabinas is a city and seat of the municipality of Sabinas, in the north-eastern Mexican state of Coahuila. 

</doc>
<doc id="20135676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135676" title="Fire &amp; Fleet &amp; Candlelight">
Fire &amp; Fleet &amp; Candlelight

Fire & Fleet & Candlelight was the fourth album by Cree singer and songwriter Buffy Sainte-Marie.
More than its predecessor "Little Wheel Spin and Spin", it marked a significant departure from the simple folk songs of her first two albums. Following the same path that Joan Baez and Judy Collins were taking at the time, Sainte-Marie relies on the orchestration of Peter Schickele on "Summer Boy", "The Carousel" and "Hey Little Bird". In contrast, "The Circle Game" and "97 Men in This Town Would Give a Half a Grand in Silver Just to Follow Me Down" feature for the first time a full rock band consisting of Bruce Langhorne on electric guitar, Alexis Rogers on drums and Russ Savakus on bass. "Song to a Seagull", the other Joni Mitchell song, is a much simpler voice-and-guitar rendition.
Her version of the traditional hymn "Lyke Wake Dirge" predates the version by Pentangle by over two years and the album's title is taken from one of the lines in that song's chorus. "T'Es Pas un Autre" is a French language reworking of her well-known composition "Until It's Time for You to Go" that she originally recorded on her second album "Many a Mile".
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Buffy Sainte-Marie; except where indicated
Side 1
Side 2
Charts.
Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="20135682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135682" title="Lullington Heath">
Lullington Heath

Lullington Heath is a Site of Special Scientific Interest and National Nature Reserve within the South Downs Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, in the county of East Sussex, England. It is of interest because of its uncommon habitat of chalk grassland and chalk heath. 

</doc>
<doc id="20135689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135689" title="Boilover">
Boilover

A boilover type of fire refers to an extremely hazardous situation where an attempt is made to extinguish semi-enclosed oil or petrochemical fueled fire with water. The hazard results due to the difference in density between oil and water. Boilover is also common in the home as a chip pan fire when cooking.
As water is poured onto the fuel, it quickly sinks to the bottom of the container due to the water's higher density, and has little effect on extinguishing the flames on the surface. The water on the bottom rapidly vaporises into steam, causing it to expand more than 1700 times in volume. The rapidly expanding steam (possibly superheated) expels the oil or fuel above upward and out of the container, resulting in the discharging of burning oil onto a large and uncontrolled area outside of the container.

</doc>
<doc id="20135697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135697" title="Oaks II">
Oaks II

The Oaks II is a historic home located at Laytonsville, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It was built between 1797 and 1814, and is a -story gambrel-roofed log house with an adjoining one-story gable-roofed log addition. A number of outbuildings which stood on the original Riggs Farm with this house were moved to the current location on the west side of the road. The house is significant for its 133-year association with the Riggs family, a prominent Montgomery County family active in civic and agricultural affairs of both the county and the state.
Oaks II was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20135699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135699" title="Sierra Mojada">
Sierra Mojada

Sierra Mojada is a city and seat of the municipality of Sierra Mojada, in the north-eastern Mexican state of Coahuila.

</doc>
<doc id="20135709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135709" title="Aynho Park railway station">
Aynho Park railway station

Aynho Park was a railway station serving the village of Aynho in Northamptonshire, England. It was on what is now known as the Chiltern Main Line.
History.
Aynho Park was the northernmost of six new stations that the Great Western Railway provided when it opened the high-speed Bicester cut-off line between Ashendon Junction and Aynho Junction in 1910. The station was opened for passengers on 1 July 1910.
The line became part of the Western Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. British Railways closed Aynho Park station in 1963.
The site today.
Trains on the Chiltern Main Line pass the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20135713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135713" title="Villa Unión, Coahuila">
Villa Unión, Coahuila

Villa Unión is a city and seat of the municipality of Villa Unión, in the north-eastern Mexican state of Coahuila.

</doc>
<doc id="20135718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135718" title="Otto Friedrich August Meinardus">
Otto Friedrich August Meinardus

Otto Friedrich August Meinardus was a German Coptologist and pastor (1925–2005) who wrote numerous books and articles about Coptic Christianity in Egypt.
Early life.
Meinardus was born in Hamburg in 1925, where he received his secondary schooling. He studied theology and sociology in Hamburg, London, St Louis, Chicago, and at Harvard University, Boston, where he obtained his PhD. Dr. Meinardus was a professor at the American University in Cairo (AUC) from 1956 till 1968, and pastor of the Maadi Community Church (MCC) in Cairo, Egypt.
Meinardus befriended the Coptic monk Father Antonius, who later on became Pope Shenouda III (1971-2012)], the head of the Coptic Orthodox Church. Dr. Meinardus became an active member of several research institutions for Coptic studies in Cairo.
Meinardus was, with other non-Egyptian faculty at the American University in Cairo, expelled from Egypt shortly before the Six-day War of 1967. He served as pastor in several other countries and returned to Germany in 1975 where he became pastor and later professor in Middle Eastern Religions at the University of Hamburg.
Professional career.
Dr. Meinardus was a prolific writer; his books and articles became a main source of reference on the Coptic Orthodox Church. He is generally recognized in the West as the most important contemporary Western authority on the Church in Egypt. From 2000 to 2005, Dr. Meinardus served on the board of advisers of Arab-West Report, an Egyptian electronic magazine. One year prior to the death of Dr. Meinardus, the Otto Meinardus Stiftung (foundation) was established with the purpose of preserving the intellectual heritage of Dr. Meinardus.
Dr. Meinardus was the author of the first book published by the AUC Press, "Monks and Monasteries of the Egyptian Deserts,” in 1961. A revised edition of the book was still in print 45 years later. Meinardus was also the author of the following AUC Press books, "Christian Egypt Ancient and Modern,” (1965) "Christian Egypt Faith and Life,” (1970) "The Holy Family in Egypt,” (1986, a reprint of a book he wrote around 1960) "Die Heilige Familie in Agypten,” (1988) "Monks and Monasteries of the Egyptian deserts,” Revised Edition (1988) "Two Thousand Years of Coptic Christianity,” (2000) "Coptic Saints and Pilgrimages,' (2002) He also wrote a chapter in “Christian Egypt: Coptic Art through Two Millennia,” edited by Massimo Capuani (2002). His last book “Christians in Egypt: Orthodox, Catholic, and Protestant Communities Past and Present,” was published posthumously in 2006.
Many articles appeared in Kemet (Germany), Coptologica (Canada), Coptic Church Review (USA) and other mainly theological academic publications.
Otto Meinardus had his own style of studying the church. He not only looked into relevant manuscripts in Western libraries, but also met with desert fathers, grasped their spirituality, and documented mostly oral traditions in an academic style.
In his books for the American University in Cairo Press, Meinardus was careful not to offend his Coptic readers. However, in Kemet, he was more open and questioned certain Coptic traditions and beliefs. A list of articles published in Kemet can be found on the Web site of the Otto Meinardus Stiftung.
Death.
Meinardus died in September 2005 in Ellerau, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20135741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135741" title="Driekloof Dam">
Driekloof Dam

Driekloof Dam is a small section of the Sterkfontein Dam, Free State, South Africa. A section of the Sterkfontein Dam reservoir is isolated after the construction of Driekloof Dam, this small reservoir has a capacity of ., together with the Kilburn Dam almost 500 metres lower, Driekloof forms part of Eskom's Drakensberg Pumped Storage Scheme and Tugela-Vaal Water Project, and provides for up to 27.6GWh of electricity storage in the form of of water. The water is pumped to Driekloof during times of low national power consumption (generally over weekends) and released back into Kilburn through four 250 MW turbine generators in times of high electricity demand.
The scheme is operated in such a way that there is a net pumping of up to /annum depending upon the water availability in the Tugela catchment (Woodstock Dam) as well as the need for augmentation in the Vaal Dam catchment.
The Driekloof Dam was commissioned in 1979, has a capacity of , and a surface area of , the Dam wall is high.

</doc>
<doc id="20135760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135760" title="Yoshino Station (Fukuoka)">
Yoshino Station (Fukuoka)


</doc>
<doc id="20135777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135777" title="Cristian Noriega">
Cristian Noriega

Cristian Jafeth Noriega Santizo (born 20 March 1987) is a Guatemalan professional football defender who currently plays for C.D. FAS in the Primera Divisiom.
Club career.
Noriega came through the youth ranks at Municipal to make his debut in 2007.
International career.
Noriega made his debut for the senior Guatemala national football team in a February 2008 friendly match against Argentina, but the game was not official by FIFA so his first official one came against Panama in a June 2008 friendly. He has made 14 appearances at the start of January 2010, including 3 qualifying matches for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20135782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135782" title="Kurt Luby">
Kurt Luby

Kurt Luby (born 6 March 1963 in Bolton, Lancashire) was a British auto racing driver who now works as a motorcycle dealer in his home town of Bolton. He first entered racing through karting in 1978, winning seven championships up to 1987. In 1987 he won the British Formula Ford 1600 series, winning the championship that year and then defending his title in 1988. He switched to the Formula Vauxhall Lotus Championship in 1989, finishing second on points. A year later he was third in the championship. After moving to saloon car racing, he was second in the 1991 National Saloon Championship Group N, driving a BMW M3. Also that year he won the Willhire 24 Hours with Will Hoy and Ray Bellm. His final championship title was in the 1998 British GT in a GT2 class Chrysler Viper GTS-R alongside Richard Dean.
Luby is best known for his brief time in the British Touring Car Championship. His first year was in 1990, racing for the BMW Junior Team. He drove in seven races with five wins and two second places in his class, finishing thirteenth in the final standings. His second year in the BTCC didn't come until 2001. He only raced in the first part of the season in a Lexus IS200 for ABG Motorsport, finishing ninth in the championship in what was a small field of drivers.
Racing record.
Complete British Touring Car Championship results.
‡ Endurance driver - not eligible for points

</doc>
<doc id="20135783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135783" title="Papyrus 83">
Papyrus 83

Papyrus 83 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_183, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of Matthew. The surviving texts of Matthew are verses 20:23-25,30-31; 23:39-24:1,6. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 6th century. 
The Greek text of this codex probably is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 
It is currently housed at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven Library (P. A. M. Khirbet Mird 16, 29). The codex is still unpublished.

</doc>
<doc id="20135786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135786" title="Northiam SSSI">
Northiam SSSI

Northiam is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the county of East Sussex, England. It is a disused quarry, partially flooded, revealing structures of geological interest.
The disused (and partially flooded) quarry at Northiam displays an excellent section
through the Northiam Sandstone Member of the Wadhurst Clay Formation,
for which this is the type locality. The rocks
comprise complex channel-fill sandstones (including sedimentary bar-forms and
current direction indicators).
<br>
The site is important for the study of the Wadhurst Clay Formation
palaeoenvironments and palaeogeography. It is particularly important for comparison
with other sandstone members of the Hastings Beds Group clay formations.

</doc>
<doc id="20135787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135787" title="Ginsui Station">
Ginsui Station


</doc>
<doc id="20135792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135792" title="Louis Joubert Lock">
Louis Joubert Lock

The Louis Joubert Lock () also known as the Normandie Dock, is a lock and major dry dock located in the port of Saint-Nazaire, in Loire-Atlantique northwestern France. 
Owned by the Port authority of Nantes-Saint-Nazaire and not the ship building company Chantiers de l'Atlantique, its strategic importance as a major naval construction and maintenance asset since its completion in 1934, resulted in it becoming the main target of the British Army Commando raid of 1942, the St. Nazaire Raid, to stop German battleships such as "Tirpitz" from accessing maintenance facilities in the Atlantic Ocean.
Functions.
The lock has two major functions:
History.
As an historic major seaport on the western edge of the Atlantic, the closest for ships coming from the western Atlantic to France, Saint-Nazaire had played a major part in World War I as a disembarkation point for United States Army troops. The US Army had undertaken various development projects around Saint-Nazaire, including the construction of a refrigeration plant in the docks for storage of imported meat and dairy products.
At the end of the First World War, the Port Authority of Saint-Nazaire envisaged the construction of a third basin to mitigate the port's then lack of large scale ship facilities. However, due to the post-war recession and resultant down turn in shipping traffic, the idea was abandoned. However, scale problems encountered during the construction of the SS "Île de France", and the opportunity to build the proposed super passenger liner which would become the SS "Normandie", resulted in a reassessment of the project.
Designed and engineered by Albert Caquot, work started in February 1929, and final acceptance took place in 1934. The facility, then the largest dry dock in the world, connected the Penhoet basin with the Loire River. It was named after the former president of the Saint-Nazaire Chamber of Commerce, Louis Joubert, who had died in 1930.
With the fall of France in 1940, the dock took on new strategic importance for the Germans, as it was the only dry dock on the West Coast of France capable of servicing the battleships "Bismarck" and "Tirpitz". The location gave access to the Atlantic Ocean, by-passing the Royal Navy's defensive lines organised along the GIUK gap. Of course the battleships had to get there though. Bismarck broke into the Atlantic in 1941 but was damaged in the Battle of the Denmark Strait. She was heading for St Nazaire for repair when she was brought to battle by the Royal Navy and sunk, leaving "Tirpitz" as the largest surface threat from the Kriegsmarine.
St. Nazaire Raid.
On March 27, 1942, the Joubert was the main target of Operation Chariot. The original strategic purpose of the combined Royal Navy and British Commandos raid was to make Joubert – the only port on the Atlantic capable of servicing the German battleships "Bismarck" (already sunk by 1942) and "Tirpitz" – inoperative. This gave the port a strong strategic importance to the Axis Powers during the Second World War, and it was decided that if this drydock could be put out of action, then any offensive sortie by the "Tirpitz" into the Atlantic could be much more dangerous for her, and probably not worth the risk.
After Operation Rheinübung on 18–27 May 1941 – in which the "Bismarck" and heavy cruiser "Prinz Eugen" were to have ended their operational raid at Saint-Nazaire, but which resulted in the sinking of and the sinking of the "Bismarck" – the need for the Allies to take the "Joubert" out of operation was increased.
A force of 611 British Commandos launched the St. Nazaire Raid against the shipyards of Saint-Nazaire, codenamed "Operation Chariot". The old British destroyer HMS "Campbeltown" was used as a ram-ship loaded with explosives against the Loire River estuary gate of the Joubert Lock; its later explosion, combined with commando destruction of the lock's pumping facility and machinery, made it inoperative.
Although the Nazi German forces tried to repair the facility, the Joubert Lock remained out of commission for the rest of the war, and it did not function again until 1948; it was not recommissioned until 1950. The first ship to be accommodated after being repaired was the former German ocean liner SS "Europa", which on refit became the SS "Liberté," which was given to France by the United States of America in compensation for the loss of the SS "Normandie" in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20135809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135809" title="S.H. Leeder">
S.H. Leeder

S.H. Leeder was a British author best known for his book "Modern Sons of the Pharaohs",'] published in English in 1918, translated into Arabic by Ahmad Mahmūd and published in 2008 by Dar al-Shuruq in Egypt.
"Modern Sons of the Pharaohs" is a study of Egypt's Coptic Christians, their religious rites and their relationship with Muslims. The book was written after the author lived in Egypt and visited several Coptic families in the Delta and Upper Egypt. The author analyzes Muslim-Christian relations in Egypt prior to the 1919 Revolution for independence from the British and believes the British occupation has ruined the relationship between Muslims and Copts in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="20135823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135823" title="Tofurōminami Station">
Tofurōminami Station


</doc>
<doc id="20135848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135848" title="Tenpaizan Station">
Tenpaizan Station


</doc>
<doc id="20135890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135890" title="Offham Marshes">
Offham Marshes

Offham Marshes is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the county of East Sussex, England. Its biological interest comes from its habitat of alluvial marshland, which supports large numbers of amphibians. The land borders the River Ouse and is also home to birds such as mallards, mute swans, grey herons and moorhens.

</doc>
<doc id="20135894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135894" title="Coptic Church Review">
Coptic Church Review

Coptic Church Review is a Coptic Orthodox publication published in the United States and founded in 1980 by Doctor Rodolph Yanney, president of the Society of Coptic Church Studies, in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="20135896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135896" title="Futsukaichi Station">
Futsukaichi Station


</doc>
<doc id="20135897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135897" title="Use of costume in Athenian tragedy">
Use of costume in Athenian tragedy

Some authors have argued that use of costume in Athenian tragedy was standardized for the genre. This is said to have consisted of a full-length or short tunic, a cloak and soft leather boots, and may have been derived from the robes of Dionysian priests or invented by Aeschylus. Brockett, however, disputes this, arguing that the evidence we have is based on archaeological remains, some few references in the texts, and the writings of later authors. As far as the vase paintings are concerned, most of these are dated later than the 5th Century BCE and their relationship with theatrical practice is unclear. One of the earliest examples is a red-figure vase painting c. 500-490 BCE that shows a tragic chorus invoking a ghost, on a crater (bowl) in the Antikenmuseum in Basle.
The tragic actors were certainly heavily disguised. This had a religious purpose, for the actor was supposed to give up his identity in order to let another speak and act through him. Indeed, the dramas were performed in honour of Dionysus, the God of Ecstasy, which means “standing outside oneself”. Actors therefore had to renounce their individuality. The actors thought that the mask itself contained the character and are said to have prayed before putting on their masks. The costume was probably an elaborately-decorated version of everyday clothing worn in the 5th Century BCE. The garments included:
The "chiton" worn by the actors differed from that worn in everyday life because it incorporated sleeves, which were coloured and patterned. The sleeves may in fact have been part of an undergarment. Long white sleeves were worn by the (male) actors for female roles, and indeed, in vase paintings females are usually painted with lighter skin.
The costumes worn for the performances of "Alcestis", for example, were iconographic, and symbolised the opposition of light and dark. In the play, life is evoked as the act of seeing the sun. Death – the son of Night in Greek mythology - wears a black peplos and terrifying black wings. Apollo wears white, representing the sun. Admetus contrasts the black of the funeral procession with the white of the funeral procession. The corpse of Alcestis is dressed as a bride, in accordance with Greek tradition and Herakles wears a bearskin and carries a club.
The costumes worn gave the audience an immediate sense of character-type, gender, age, social status and class.
Around the time of Aeschylus, the boots or buskins worn by the actors were flat. The actors had the same “status” as the chorus. In the 3rd Century BCE, the actors were raised to the status of heroes and “platform” soles began to be used, together with a head-dress called an "onkos". The raised soles may have induced a stylised way of walking, suited to the rhythm of tragic verse, and the "onkos" made the actors taller, enhancing visibility. Their bodies were padded so that they did not look too slim. However, some authors believe that this happened later than the 3rd Century BCE. It is also thought that the “teetering gait” is a misapprehension.
The masks were the most striking feature of the costume worn by the Athenian actors. Facial expression was lost anyway due to the huge size of the Greek theatres, but the masks were also a means of blotting out expression, so visual meaning was expressed by the entire body. The actors were seen as silhouettes, or integral bodies, rather than faces. The masks themselves were made of stiffened linen, thin clay, cork or wood, and covered the whole head and had hair.
Attempts have been made in modern times to investigate the use of masks in Athenian tragedy through practice research. These explorations conclude that masks may lead to a more demonstrative style of acting, with declamatory delivery of the lines substituted for intimacy. They also found that the mask could impede the projection of sound. The Greeks are said to have overcome this in various ways. Initially, the mouth apertures were small, but later this became a “wide-open” mouth. Some authors believe that the mouth was shaped like a “mouth-trumpet” and had an amplifying effect. Certainly, the use of a mask covering the whole produces an enhanced resonating effect, which serves dramatic delivery.
Performances therefore had to be more physical. Peter Arnott states that the Greeks thought good acting and a good voice were synonymous. This was achieved through athletic training, voice exercises and diet.
Experiments have shown that unaccustomed actors suffer disorientation and restriction when masked. The Greeks countered this through a vocabulary of gesture known as "cheironomia" (gesticulation). Aristotle says that in his day excessive gestures were used – leading to overacting – compared with the older tradition.
Masks can also be used as a dramatic tool, e.g. lowering the masks shows reflection, raising the mask shows a challenge or superiority. The Greeks called these physical stances "schemata" (forms).
Silent masks were used to great effect, particularly on child actors, expressing powerlessness, bewilderment, vulnerability, etc.
The use of masks enabled the three speaking actors to portray up to eight or nine characters, through multiple role-playing. The same character could therefore be played by different actors, and transitions within a character would be portrayed by the use of different masks.
The wide variety of masks used is attested by Pollux, a rhetorician writing in 2nd Century CE, in his "Onomastikon". He lists 30 different male masks (old age with white or grey hair, the tyrant with thick black hair, a fair, pale masks indicating sorrow or sickness, a boastful soldier, a rustic, servants, a cook, etc.) and 17 female masks (fat and thin old women, two matrons, one virgin, a bawd, a mistress, three courtesans, a lady’s maid, etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="20135905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135905" title="Kloosterkerk, The Hague">
Kloosterkerk, The Hague

The Kloosterkerk (or Cloister Church) is a church on the Lange Voorhout in The Hague, Netherlands. The church and its accompanying monastery were first built in 1397. The church is known today as the church where Queen Beatrix occasionally attends services.
History.
Origins of the original monastery and church that occupied this site may be found in the Dominican Order. Reforms undertaken by Raymond of Capua, brought a renewed growth to the order, and it is around this time in 1397 that a monastery and church was first built for the Dominicans in The Hague.
Court of Albrecht of Bavaria.
A thriving new center of arts was established in The Hague by the Court of Albrecht of Bavaria (1336–1404) and his second wife Margaret of Cleves (ca. 1375-1412). Some known artistic products to have been produced in this period are an important illuminated manuscript, the "Hours of Margaret of Cleves" commissioned between 1395-1400, and the visually similar "Biblia pauperum".
From December 1399 Dirc van Delf (ca. 1365-ca. 1404) was among the court of the Duke Albrecht of Bavaria in The Hague. There he had the function of court chaplain, but he also lectured at German universities, such as Cologne and Erfurt.
Early Architecture.
In 1420 a fire raged through the monastery, but serious renovations are not recorded until the church's southern transept was added in the beginning of the 16th century. The church was expanded around 1540 with an enlarged aisle and side chapels. The center barrel vaulted aisle is 20 meters high and 11.5 meters wide. The worship space became a pilgrimage church, where people could visit and pass through, while services were being held in the central aisle or nave. At this time the church was also dedicated to St. Vincent, a Valencian Dominican missionary who was canonized June 3, 1455 by Pope Calixtus III.
Protestant Reformation.
It was stripped of Catholic decorations during the beeldenstorm (iconoclasm of 1566). A number of monks lived on for a few more years, but in 1574 the last few monks left. After being abandoned for 12 years, the church had deteriorated and some suggested to tear it down. In 1588 a cavalry company seeking shelter settled in the former church. The following year the church and choir were made into a cannon foundry for the States of Holland and West Friesland. The choir was used as a foundry and the church served as a munition store with the two walled off from each other. On November 3, 1690, the ammunition stored in the church exploded leaving only one wall of the monastery remaining. The monastery then temporarily served as a hospital. In 1583 most of the monastery was demolished, though the (now Protestant) church remained.
Early Protestant Church.
A part of the building became a church again in 1617 after remonstrants had successfully "squatted" it. In 1617 it was split when a conflict over Arminianism erupted. A great debate ensued between political and religious authorities. A great debate ensued between Maurice of Nassau, Prince of Orange and statesman Johan van Oldenbarneveldt that resulted in the later's arrest, trial, and decapitation. In 1620 a mechanical clock was added to the tower, made by Huyck Hopcoper. For the centuries to follow the church was used for Dutch reformist worship with the pulpit standing against the north wall. Throughout the 17th century, the burial of people in the church brought money and numerous hatchments (Dutch:"rouwbord"). Most walls and columns were covered with hatchments, with the graves predominantly in the choir. A lead coffin was found in the choir with the embalmed remains of the foundress of the monastery, Margaret of Cleves.
Modern architectural changes.
Rosettes in the ceiling are attributed to Gerhard Jansen (1868–1956). Other furnishings include a pulpit of oak with Flemish carvings, circa 1700. Carvings on the pulpit show the Four Evangelists. Stained glass windows throughout the church are attributed to Lou Asperslagh (1893–1949). The first liturgical service of the Dutch Reformed Church was held in the Kloosterkerk in 1911 and an impending demolition avoided in 1912. For the next two years the dilapidated church building was restored. Subsequent improvements include restoration of furniture brought from the former Duinoord Kloosterkerk; and the wall between the nave and choir was removed. In 1966 an organ by Danish organ builder Marcussen was installed.
Church today.
Today the Kloosterkerk is home of an energetic Protestant congregation. Every last Sunday of the month a cantata service is held in collaboration with the Residential Bach Orchestra and the Residential Chamber Orchestra or the Residential Bach Choir. Soloists, choir and orchestra are conducted by Jos Vermunt. Every first, third and any fifth Wednesday of the month a lunch-time concert is given by the Stichting Kunstcentrum Kloosterkerk.

</doc>
<doc id="20135909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135909" title="Syllabus against racism">
Syllabus against racism

The syllabus against racism is a Vatican document written in 1938, designed to promote the condemnation racism and Nazi ideology in Catholic educational institutions. It originated with Pope Pius XI but he died before approving it and it was never released. 
In April 1938, the Sacred Congregation for seminaries and universities developed at the request of Pius XI a syllabus condemning racist theories to be sent to Catholic schools worldwide.
The preamble stated that teachers will apply all means, borrowing from the tools of biology, history, philosophy, apologetics, law and moral studies, to refute with strength and skill the following untenable assertions:

</doc>
<doc id="20135920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135920" title="Susanna Farm">
Susanna Farm

Susanna Farm is a historic home located at Dawsonville, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It is an L-shaped, -story frame dwelling house. The last major change occurred when the house was doubled in size and value by Benjamin F. Dyson in 1877–78, who renovated it in the Italianate style. Five outbuildings stand on the property, including a stone kitchen/slave quarters and meat house which are believed to be contemporary with the house, an 1870s frame bank barn, and 20th century farm buildings.
The Susanna Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20135924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135924" title="Papyrus 84">
Papyrus 84

Papyrus 84 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_184, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the four Gospels. The surviving texts of Gospels are verses Mark 2:2-5,8-9; 6:30-31,33-34,36-37,39-41; John 5:5; 17:3,7-8.
The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 6th century.
The Greek text of this codex probably is mixed with strong element of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category III.
It is currently housed at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven Library (P. A. M. Khirbet Mird, Greek 1-3; formerly P. A. M. Khirbet Mird 4, 11, 26, 27).

</doc>
<doc id="20135953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135953" title="Hizen-Asahi Station">
Hizen-Asahi Station


</doc>
<doc id="20135965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135965" title="Arto Tolsa">
Arto Tolsa

Arto Tolsa (9 August 1945 – 30 March 1989) is a former Finnish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20135979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20135979" title="Hainuzuka Station">
Hainuzuka Station


</doc>
<doc id="20136001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136001" title="Salmon-Stohlman House">
Salmon-Stohlman House

The Salmon-Stohlman House is a historic home located at Somerset, Montgomery County, Maryland. It is a -story, frame structure built about 1893, and designed in a transitional manner with late Victorian detailing. It was one of the first houses built in the present day Town of Somerset by Dr. Daniel Salmon, a leading veterinarian at the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and one of the original developers of the suburban property. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20136010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136010" title="Wataze Station">
Wataze Station


</doc>
<doc id="20136027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136027" title="Manzanillo Municipality, Colima">
Manzanillo Municipality, Colima

Manzanillo is a municipality in the Mexican state of Colima. 
The municipal seat lies at Manzanillo. The municipality covers an area of , which also includes the remote Revillagigedo Islands.
As of 2010, the municipality had a total population of 161,420. 

</doc>
<doc id="20136033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136033" title="Hin Keng Station">
Hin Keng Station

Hin Keng Station (Chinese: 顯徑站) is a future MTR station of the Sha Tin to Central Link located near Hin Keng Estate, Tai Wai, Sha Tin, New Territories, Hong Kong. It will be an elevated station situated to the west of Hin Keng Estate and south of Hin Tin Playground. There will be one entrance approximately in the middle of facade facing Che Kung Miu Road Facade.
It will be built on the site of the New Territories South Animal Management Centre and Shatin Plant Quarantine Station, facilities of the Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation Department, which were relocated to a new facility on To Shek Street in November 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="20136034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136034" title="Edward Marsden (cricketer)">
Edward Marsden (cricketer)

Edward Marsden (July 25, 1870 – July 2, 1946) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and a left-arm fast bowler who played for Middlesex. He was born in Belsize Park and died in Hampstead.
Marsden made a single first-class appearance for the team, in 1897, against the Gentlemen of Philadelphia. Batting in the tail-end, he scored 3 runs in the only innings in which he batted. He bowled 21 overs in the match, taking 1-45 in the first innings and 0-23 in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20136044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136044" title="Papyrus 85">
Papyrus 85

Papyrus 85 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_185, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Book of Revelation. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 4th century (or the 5th century). 
The surviving texts of Revelation are verses 9:19-10:2,5-9. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale et universitaire (P. Gr. 1028) in Strasbourg.

</doc>
<doc id="20136063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136063" title="Comala Municipality">
Comala Municipality

Comala is a municipality in the Mexican state of Colima. 
The municipal seat lies at Comala. The municipality covers an area of 254 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 19,495. 

</doc>
<doc id="20136070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136070" title="The Battle of the Bulge... The Brave Rifles">
The Battle of the Bulge... The Brave Rifles

The Battle of the Bulge... The Brave Rifles is a 1965 documentary film produced by Laurence E. Mascott. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 

</doc>
<doc id="20136093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136093" title="The Amazing Johnathan">
The Amazing Johnathan

John Edward Szeles (born September 9, 1958), better known by the stage name The Amazing Johnathan, is an American stand-up comedian/magician. His act is mostly composed of hijinks, interaction with one specific audience member and a few legitimate magic tricks. Since 2001, he has been a year-round headliner in Las Vegas. Self-described as the "Freddy Krueger of Comedy", Szeles usually performs wearing his everpresent headband and his shows frequently use gore, such as pretending to suck on his own hanging eyeball, cutting his wrists, and skewering his own tongue. He is also good friends with fellow performer Criss Angel, and has helped Angel perform a variety of illusions, most notably during his three guest appearances on "Mindfreak".
Career.
Early career.
Szeles, who began his career performing in the streets of San Francisco, first appeared on television in "The 8th Annual Young Comedians Show" in 1983 and later went on to become the host of the short-lived 1991 syndicated variety/game show "Ruckus". He appeared on various talk and variety shows from the mid-80s to mid 2000s. His only credited performance as an actor was The Obligatory Holiday Episode of "The Weird Al Show" (playing the part of Uncle Johnathan). He has made several appearances on Late Night with David Letterman, a record 24 appearances on Fox's Comic Strip Live, and has had several specials on Comedy Central including "Comedy Central Presents", "The Lounge Lizards" and more recently his own one hour special entitled "Wrong on Every Level"., He dedicated the special to his Uncle Eugene, who showed him his first card trick which "started this whole mess". His only film appearance is the 2005 documentary "The Aristocrats". 
Szeles has also authored a how-to book on practical jokes titled "Every Trick in the Book", a compilation of both classic practical jokes and plain magic tricks, along with his own original material in both categories. He is currently finishing up his memoirs, entitled, "Drive It Like You Stole It."
Recent years.
In 2008, Szeles combined two of his passions (classic car collecting and drive-in movie theaters) to open the "Amazing Underground" a members only indoor drive-in movie theatre located within his warehouse facilities in Las Vegas. 
As of 2011, Szeles was performing regular shows in Las Vegas at the Harmon Theater while also taking select dates at venues across the USA and in Australia. 2011 marks Szeles' third year of performing at the Harmon Theatre and Szeles' 11th consecutive year as a full-time Las Vegas headliner. He has won "Best Comedian" award from Las Vegas Review Journal, Comedian of the Year from Nevada Magazine, Top Ten Acts in Vegas (LVRJ) and is the longest running, most successful solo comic magician in U.S history.
Personal life.
In March 2007 it was reported that Szeles was diagnosed with "a serious heart condition". The performer's website identified the condition as cardiomyopathy and went on to assert that, due to a combination of weight loss and blood thinners, he was doing well and decided to postpone retirement indefinitely.

</doc>
<doc id="20136125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136125" title="Gandhi Nagar, Chennai">
Gandhi Nagar, Chennai

Gandhi Nagar is a neighbourhood in Adyar, in the southern part of the Indian city of Chennai. Its bordered by the Adyar River, Katuribai Nagar, Indira Nagar and the Buckingham canal. Today Gandhi Nagar is a commercial hot spot having relatively good transport and other facilities.
History.
Gandhi Nagar has more than 150 years of history. The most oldest things in Gandhi Nagar are the Pilliar Kovil and the St. Patrick's School. The St. Patrick's School has a well documented history.
St. Patrick's School.
St. Patrick's Anglo Indian Higher Secondary School, a Centenarian Institution of great renown, was founded in 1875 by Irish Brothers to cater to the educational needs of the sons of British settlers in Madras, and a few Indian boys, whose parents wanted them to have the benefits of a Western education. It is managed by the Patrician Brothers who have some of the finest schools in India and abroad.
The dawn of this century, set off the process of expansion of the school at a quicker pace. The School has grown to colossal proportions and has done its best to maintain the highest standards of education. It has moulded and shaped the lives of generations of students.
The main objective is to impart sound religious, moral, literary and scientific education aiming at the harmonious development of the child.
First transport.
The first residential (non academic) inhabitants are people from a tiny town called Sadhuranga pattinam (சதுரங்கப்பட்டினம்) or Sadras as its called. They came from Chengulpet to Gandhi Nagar via Buckingham canal via boats that was propelled by wind under favorable conditions or the boats were pulled by humans with rope from boat tied to their waist. At that time in 1942, Gandhi Nagar had lush paddy fields and was used for agriculture and was bordered by Guindy forest (which has almost disappeared now).
First families.
The Alwaris family is said to be the first family who resided in Gandhi Nagar. The next was the family of Mudaliar Brothers. The Mudaliar Brothers consisted of Mr. S.K.Ramachandra Mudaliar and Mr. S.K.Puniyakoti Mudaliar. They worked in Triplicane, but bought vast lands in Gandhi Nagar as their building construction flourished. In one of their lands stands the old cancer institute, which was donated by Mr. S.K.Puniyakoti Mudaliar.
Mr. Puniyakoti Mudaliar built first independent flats in Gandhi Nagar. The Mudaliar brothers construction industry recruited people from Sathurangapattinam (Sadras), the first workers settled on banks of Adyar River, this settlement was later called Malligai Poo Nagar.
Malligai Poo Nagar (மல்லிகை பூ நகர்).
The Mudaliar Brothers (S.K.Ramachandra Mudaliar and S.K.Puniyakoti Mudaliar) were building contractors. They needed manpower to execute their projects. Hence people (primarily from Sathurangapattinam) were bought in. They settled on the banks of Adyar river. The laborer settlement attracted more people, thus a community was formed and was named Malligai Poo Nagar which means Jasmine flower settlement.
Modern Gandhi Nagar.
Gandhi Nagar today is a hot spot in city having many businesses and hotels.

</doc>
<doc id="20136148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136148" title="Érica García">
Érica García

Érica García, born April 6 in Buenos Aires, Argentina, is a composer, singer and an actress of Argentinian-American descent. She has been nominated for a Latin Grammy in 2000 for Best Female Rock Artist for her popular tune "Vete Destino". She directs her own Academy http://experimentacionvocal.blogspot.com.ar/
Musical career.
García began her solo career in 1996 after 3 years of playing in Mata Violeta, the punk rock band she created in 1991. She made three records for Universal, the first one was produced by Ricardo Mollo (her partner in years 1989-1999), the second one (nominated for the Latin Grammy) was produced by Garcia herself and Ricardo Mollo and the third record "Amorama", was produced by Gustavo Santaolalla. She played and recorded in the Los Angeles musical collective Fool's Gold. She recorded and produced her fourth album ¨Afternoon in Bamboos¨ in Silver Lake, Los Angeles, 2006. She created the band Mountain Party to play the Hypnorituals and Mesmemusical miracles Hanging in the sky, an iconic folk festival curated by Devendra Banhart.
She went back to her country Argentina in 2010. She started the recording of the album ¨Eleven¨ to be released in 2011.
She organized the Santo Bombo parties, with bombo legüero performances, dancers, tattoo artists, and electronic music.
She played the Hot Festival in October 2010, with Massive Attack, Scissors Sisters, Yeasayer and Mika among other artists.
She currently lives in Buenos Aires and she plays shows all over the country. She directs Escuela de Experimentacion Vocal http://experimentacionvocal.blogspot.com.ar/
Collaborations.
Garcia collaborated with the band Divididos, on ukulele and accordion in "El Burrito" and "Sisters", she served as the guest musician (1992 to 1998) with Brazzaville in two albums. She performed with Cafe Tacuba, Ely Guerra, Los Tres y Javiera Parra at the MTV Latin awards in Los Angeles, 2002.
Her other collaboration include Brazzaville, Cienfuegos <br>Hecuba <br>Montecarlo Jazz Ensemble <br>Pampa del Indio <br>Andrea Alvarez <br>Fool's Gold
Discography.
Solo.
Musicians: <br>
Erica Garcia <br>
Martin Aloe <br>
Alejo Vintrob <br>
Max Araujo <br>
Ervin Stutz <br>
Fabian Von Quntiero 
Musicians: <br>
Erica Garcia <br>
Martin Aloe <br>
Fernando Samalea <br>
Ricardo Mollo <br>
Ervin Stutz <br>
Matias Zapata 
Musicians: <br>
Justin Meldhal Johnsen <br>
Jon Brion <br>
Victor Indrizzo <br>
Roger Manning Jr. <br>
Joe Gore <br>
David Campbell <br>
Sebastian Escofet <br>
Javier Casalla <br>
Gustavo Santaolalla
Compilations.
"New Weird American "2007
"Surco Artists "2000
Tributes.
"Through the Wilderness" Madonna Tribute Vinyl) 2006 [http://nogoodforme.filmstills.org/blog/archives/soundtracks/2.html
"Tributo a Sandro", "Quiero llenarme de ti" 2000 [http://www.artistdirect.com/nad/store/artist/album/0,888337,00.html]
Film and TV career.
"The Treasure of the Black Jaguar" (2010) directed by Mike Bruce: as "Carmelita"."Franco Buenaventura" (2002) as "Gisela".

</doc>
<doc id="20136184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136184" title="Badra, Iraq">
Badra, Iraq

Badra (Arabic,بدرة, Kurdish "Bedre") is a town in south eastern Iraq near the Iraqi-Iranian borders in Wasit Governorate. Its population is a mixture of Arabs, Turkmen and Faili Kurds.
Badra is located next to the site of the ancient city Der.
Badra is also located on top of the Badra oil field which, after a discovery well was drilled in 1979, has remained unexploited until 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20136193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136193" title="FC Penzberg">
FC Penzberg

The FC Penzberg is a German association football club from the city of Penzberg, Bavaria.
The club briefly managed to reach the second division of German league football, spending the 1955–56 season in the 2nd Oberliga Süd.
History.
1920 to 1945.
The FC Penzberg was formed on 14 March 1920 but was actually a continuation of the local gymnastics clubs football department which had existed before the First World War. The club struggled to find a suitable playing field in its early days and eventually had to do with a local swamp. This was converted to a football field through back filling with ash. The local coalmine supplied technical support for this. The new ground was opened on 30 July 1921.
The "FCP" had the opportunity to take part in a promotion round to the local A-Klasse in 1922 but was not strong enough to succeed. In the 1922–23 and 1923–24 seasons, the team won the local championship and earned promotion to the A-Klasse in 1924. The club found it hard to compete with the stronger clubs from Munich there and was immediately relegated.
This relegation was followed by a decline in performance and interest in the club and it took until 1927 to win another local championship and return to the A-Klasse. Initially, the team struggled again in this league but a good second half of the season saw it secure its position in it. The next season, the club was better equipped to hold the league, thanks to a merger with the football department of the sports club at Kochel. The club managed to remain in the A-Klasse until 1932, when it was relegated once more.
Mostly unaffected by the rise of the Nazis in 1933, the "FCP" remained a top-team in the local competition, commonly then called the Würmgau or Zugspitze regional league, after its geographic location. More titles in this league followed in 1935 and 1937. The later saw the team move up a league once more but again it could not maintain this level. Back in local play, it won its sixth title in 1939. After this, the outbreak of the Second World War made league football in the region very difficult.
1945 to 1963.
Upon the end of the war, the club properly reformed on 17 February 1946, when a new chairman was elected. In 1949, the club celebrated another championship, winning the southern division of the Oberbayern league, and earned the right to take part in the promotion round to the Landesliga Bayern, then the second tier of the German football league system. The FCP came second, on equal points to the ASV Cham but then lost a necessary decider 0–1 aet. It did however have a second chance, playing the VfL Ingolstadt-Ringsee for one more place in the Landesliga, but lost this game, too, 0–2.
In 1953, the club got another chance to earn promotion to Bavarias highest league, now called the Amateurliga Bayern and only the third tier of the league system since 1950, when the 2nd Oberliga was introduced.
The FCP won its group of six teams and finally earned promotion but this turned out to be an unnecessary achievement as the Bavarian FA decided on 7 July 1953 to split its highest league into a northern and a southern division and all six teams from the round were admitted.
In the Amateurliga Südbayern in 1953–54, the club came seventh out of fifteen teams. The season after, the team surprised everybody and won the league by three points. After a special meeting it was decided to take part in the promotion round to the 2nd Oberliga Süd. Here, the FCP faced the SSV Ulm and FC Rastatt 04 and came out on top, earning a surprise promotion to the second division.
For the small-town club FC Penzberg, in a league with FC Bayern Munich, Hessen Kassel and Waldhof Mannheim, the season became a struggle, but also a unique experience, playing Bayern Munich at home in front of 7,000 and then in Munich in front of 20,000. The club came second-last, only the VfR Heilbronn ended up behind them and had to return to the Amateurliga.
Not discouraged, the club won the Amateurliga for a second time but lost both Bavarian championship games against 1. FC Bamberg and missed out on the promotion round, where Bamberg failed, too. The year after, 1957–58, the club was not in contention for the championship, coming only seventh. From there, the club rapidly declined, finishing fifteenth in 1959 and being relegated to the 2nd Amateurliga. In 1961, the team dropped further, back to the A-Klasse (V) but managed to break the fall and return to the 2nd Amateurliga for 1962–63.
1963–2008.
The introduction of the Fußball-Bundesliga was only one change of many in the German league system in 1963. In Bavaria, the 2nd Amateurliga was replaced by the Landesligas and for southern Bavaria, the Landesliga Bayern-Süd was put in place. However, the "FCP" could not qualify for it and would from now on remain within the leagues of the Bezirk Oberbayern.
Instead, Penzberg dropped all the way to the A-Klasse, now the sixth tier but won the championship there straight away and earned promotion to the Bezirksliga Oberbayern-Süd. From 1964 to 1973, the club belonged to this league before dropping back down to the A-Klasse. This time, it could not rebound straight away but did return to the Bezirksliga eventually
The club became one of the founding members of the Bezirksoberliga Oberbayern (V) in 1988 and belonged to this league until 1992, when a thirteenth place meant relegation. The team was handed straight through the Bezirksliga in 1992–93 and had to return to the A-Klasse (now Kreisliga) once more. It was to be the club's last stint in the Bezirksliga as of 2008.
In 2004, the club even dropped down to the Kreisklasse for a season but recovered and returned to the Kreisliga. This league is the equivalent of the old A-Klasse it once started in the 1920s. The club eventually suffered another relegation, back to the Kreisklasse Zugspitze for 2011–12. From there, in 2013, it dropped to the A-Klasse after coming last in its league.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:

</doc>
<doc id="20136202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136202" title="Otto Meyer (SS officer)">
Otto Meyer (SS officer)

Otto Meyer (1912–1944) was an Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Meyer volunteered for service in the SS in 1934 and was selected to become an officer in 1936 and posted to the SS-Junkerschule Bad Tölz, upon graduation he was promoted to Untersturmführer (First Lieutenant) and posted to the SS "Deutschland" Regiment.
As a company commander he served in the Polish Campaign, the Battle of France, Operation Marita in the Balkans and the invasion of Russia Operation Barbarossa.
On 9 November 1941 he was promoted to Sturmbannführer (Major) and in January 1942 awarded the German Cross in Gold for personal bravery.
At the beginning of 1943 he was transferred to the 9th SS Panzer Grenadier Division in France and promoted to Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel).
In January 1944 he was given command of the 9th SS Panzer Regiment and for his leadership during the battle for Tarnopol awarded the Knight's Cross.
In June 1944 the division served in Normandy where he distinguished both himself and his regiment by destroying over 300 allied tanks. After escaping from the cauldron of Falaise (Falaise Pocket), he was killed crossing the River Seine on 28 August 1944.
In September 1944 he was awarded a Posthumous award of the Oakleaves to the Knight's Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="20136210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136210" title="Coquimatlán Municipality">
Coquimatlán Municipality

Coquimatlán is a municipality in the Mexican state of Colima. 
The municipal seat lies at Coquimatlán. The municipality covers an area of 320.19 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 17,363.

</doc>
<doc id="20136211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136211" title="Xiamen Foreign Language School">
Xiamen Foreign Language School

Xiamen Foreign Language School () is a secondary and senior high school in Xiamen, Fujian, China, which was founded in December 1981.
Campus.
The school has two campuses and covers an area of 112,707 m2 with four buildings of 65,222 m2. The campus consists of three classroom buildings, two laboratory buildings, an education technology center, two administrative office buildings, a library, an art center, a gym building, three students dormitory buildings, two dining hall buildings, a teachers dormitory and two apartment buildings for foreign teachers. The school has 12 physics laboratories, 12 chemistry laboratories and 9 biology laboratories. 
In the multifunction building, there are language laboratories, audio-visual education classrooms. labour and technique education classrooms, computer classrooms, music and art education classrooms, computer classrooms, music and art education classrooms and three lecture theaters. There is also a kilometer school network with about 500 terminals. 
The school libraries have a collection of 105,000 volumes. 
On the playground there are 200m and 400m plastic cement track rings, an indoor track area, eight basketball courts, six volleyball courts and two football fields. 
The school has 62 classes (divided into classes for English language teaching) with about 3000 students and 240 teachers including 37 senior teachers and 86 Rank-one teachers, and 36 staff members.
Purpose.
The school has an educational system of six-year's schooling (three years for junior high school and three years for senior high school). It enrolls new students for Junior One on the basis of competitive senior high school). It enrolls new students for Junior One (初一 chū-yī) on the basis of competitive selection in the whole area of the city. After they finish the junior level, most of them will continue their study except those who are not suitable for further development in the school as foreign language students. 
The school emphasizes the development of the student's ability in the English language. 
Therefore:
The average total score, excellence rate and the assessment index for teaching quality came out at the top in the city's Junior Secondary School Graduating quality came out at the top in the city's Junior Secondary School Graduation Examination. The school's excellence rate in the Provincial Senior Secondary School Graduation Examination has been up to the criterion for the first-rate secondary schools in Fujian Province. The results of university entrance examination have been satisfactory. Since 1988, the average proportion of students entering universities or colleges has been above 85%. From 1996 to 2004,it was 99.05% (100%for 1996, 1999, 2003 and 2004). A graduate in 2000 got first place in the college-entrance examination instituted for students of liberal arts in Fujian Province. 
School honours include: a civilized unit and a civilized school both in Xiamen and Fujian Province, an advanced unit in Fujian Province for the work done in passing on knowledge and enlightening people, an advanced unit for the achievements of our young teachers and for our audio-visual teaching. 
The school was given the honor of being an advanced unit in Fujian Province for the comprehensive measures for maintaining law and order in the primary and secondary schools, another honour of implementing well the policy of support the army and give preferential treatment to families of revolutionary army men and martyrs and support the government and cherish the people, another honour for keeping the work of files in good order, and for our nationwide audio\visual teaching work.
The school was also given an award for good environment in the school, issued by the standing committee of the Fujjan Provincial People's Congress. The Party General Branch of our school was also selected as an advanced party organization at basic level in Xiamen. 
International Cooperation.
Xiamen Foreign Language School has established international cooperation with these educational institutions:

</doc>
<doc id="20136232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136232" title="Athanasius, Metropolitan of Beni Suef">
Athanasius, Metropolitan of Beni Suef

Metropolitan Athanasius (1923–2000) was the Coptic Orthodox bishop of Beni Suef and al-Bahnassa, Egypt, from 1962 until his death in 2000. Bishop Athanasius had, just as Pope Shenouda III, his roots in the Sunday School movement, a reform movement in the Coptic Orthodox Church of Egypt. The bishop started his own Sunday School branch in Faggala, Cairo, then became a monk and became the first reform monk to be consecrated as a diocesan bishop (Beni Suef) in 1962.
In the 1960s, Bishop Athanasius founded The Daughters of Saint Mary in Beni Suef, an order of serving nuns who played a role in various social projects in the community. Bishop Athanasius actively sought dialogue with Muslims in the 1970s and 80s and alongside Bishop Samuel, represented the Coptic Orthodox Church outside of Egypt.
Dr. Maurice Assad, former Secretary-General of the Middle-East Council of Churches, wrote “Bishop Athanasius was known for his weekly Bible study meetings in Beni Suef which were always attended by hundreds of people. Whenever he went on a pastoral visit in his diocese, he did not confine himself to the rich but also visited the poorest of the poor. In fact he made it a point to visit every family at least once a year in his diocese, the poor before the rich. Only in the last few years could he no longer do this because of health reasons, and he had to limit himself to visits of each church in the towns and villages of his diocese."
When President Sadat placed Coptic leader Pope Shenouda under monastic arrest in 1981, a papal committee of five bishops was formed to take over the duties of the pope, and one of the appointed bishops was Bishop Athanasius. The papal committee left only the spiritual authority to Pope Shenouda III, but not the rule of the church.
Pope Shenouda's rule of the church was restored with his return to Cairo with Coptic Christmas, January 1985. Pope Shenouda had difficulties in reconciling with former members of the papal committee. The decisions that they had taken in this interim period (1981–1985) were annulled. From this moment on Pope Shenouda made sure he was representing the church on an international level. In 1994 Pope Shenouda III became one of the presidents of the World Council of Churches (WCC).
It took years for Pope Shenouda to reconcile with Bishop Athanasius. In 1992 and 1994 the bishop was absent from patriarchal anniversaries, but during the Christmas celebration in January 1999 he was welcomed by Pope Shenouda in the Coptic Orthodox Cathedral in Cairo and received from the church goers a standing ovation.
Man of dialogue.
Bishop Athanasius advocated Christian unity, ecumenical relations and active dialogue between churches. Bishop Athanasius did not agree with Pope Shenouda's policy of asking Christians from other churches who want to join the Coptic Orthodox Church to be re-baptized. The bishop however, also stated he would abide by the rulings of his church.
Bishop Athanasius was also a man of Muslim-Christian dialogue. He made it explicitly clear he didn’t believe in a theological dialogue with Islam, but that for him dialogue meant finding ways of living together in peace. He argued that having a Christian house of worship is more important than a church tower which at times was more a symbol of pride than a symbol of Christian humility. He was willing to sacrifice the tower, or to shorten it, if this would help him to obtain a permit for the building. His attitude may have been an important factor in the tremendous increase in number of churches in his diocese: from about 60 in 1962 to about 130 in the year 2000.
Bishop Athanasius was able to handle difficult cases of conversions of Christians to Islam, seeking to protect his Christian community while at the same time making great efforts to avoid relations with Muslims turning sour. One way of doing so was to avoid foreign publicity in order to expose problems.
He would ask Muslims seeking the conversion of Christian minors to abide by the law that prohibits conversions of minors and would seek the support of higher authorities if lower government authorities were not implementing the law.

</doc>
<doc id="20136237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136237" title="Ayot railway station">
Ayot railway station

Ayot was a railway station serving Ayot St Peter near Welwyn Garden City in Hertfordshire, England. It was on the branch line to Dunstable.
History.
Opened by the Great Northern Railway, it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to British Railways on nationalisation in 1948 but was closed by the British Railways Board that year when the station was destroyed by fire and never rebuilt.[http://enquire.hertscc.gov.uk/cms/explore/cycle/welwyn.htm]
The site today.
The trackbed is now part of a local rail trail called Ayot Greenway.

</doc>
<doc id="20136241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136241" title="The Forth Road Bridge">
The Forth Road Bridge

The Forth Road Bridge is a 1965 British documentary film directed by Gordon Lang about the Forth Road Bridge. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20136244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136244" title="Johann Heinrich Walch">
Johann Heinrich Walch

Johann Heinrich Walch (1776–1855), was a German conductor, chamber musician and choral master for both the Duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg as well as of the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, in Gotha in the current German state Thüringen. He was also the composer of many well-known marches.
Napoleon's war took on its final end, when the allies of Austria, Prussia and Russia marched into Paris on March 31, 1814 to the tune of the "Pariser Einzugsmarsch". This tune was also used as the climax of 1940 Victory parade of the Germans through Paris. Although attributed initially to Beethoven, Walch is the composer. 
Another march by Walch, is the famous "Beethoven Funeral March Number 1" played at the funeral of King Edward VII and also on Remembrance Sunday Services in London each year on the Sunday nearest to November 11. It is played after the playing of the Last Post, and during the Wreath Laying Ceremony. It is also announced as "Beethoven's Funeral March" on the BBC Television commentary. For a long time, the march was wrongly attributed to Beethoven, and catalogued as WoO= (work without opus number), Anh. 13. The march was played during the procession to the lying in state at Westminster of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, and at the procession to St Paul's Cathedral at the funeral of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher on 17 April 2013.
Many marches supposedly written for several cavalry regiments by Queen Victoria's consort Prince Albert, who was also the Prince of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha and the Duke of Saxony are actually by Walch, including the British regiment march, the Regimental quick march of the Somerset Light Infantry.

</doc>
<doc id="20136245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136245" title="Hydrometeorological Centre of Russia">
Hydrometeorological Centre of Russia

The Hydrometeorological Centre of Russia (, "Gidrometcentr Rossii") is the national meteorological service in Russia, part of the Federal Service for Hydrometeorology and Environmental Monitoring.
History.
It was founded in 1921 as the Meteorological Service of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic. In 1929 it joined the Hydrometeorological Centre of the USSR. In accordance with Government Decree on the establishment of a single hydro-meteorological service of January 1, 1930 was organized by the Central Weather Bureau, converted in 1936 into the Central Weather Institute (since 1943 - Central Institute of Forecasting). In 1965, the Central Institute of forecasts and the Joint Centre of the Academy of Sciences and the Main Directorate of Hydrometeorological Service were merged into one institution: Hydrometeorological Research Center of the USSR.
From 1992 it is called Hydrometeorological Centre of Russia. An important event, largely determined the fate of research at the Hydrometeorological Center of Russia, was giving it the Government Decree№ 1167 of October 14, 1994 the status of the State Scientific Center of Russian Federation. In January 2007, by decision of the Government of Russia, this status has been saved.
Duties and functions.
In the system of the World Weather Watch of the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) Hydrometeorological Centre of Russia provides the fulfillment of international obligations of the Russian Federation on the international exchange of information and data forecasting meteorological observations, and functions as: 
The main tasks of Russian Hydrometeorological Center are: 

</doc>
<doc id="20136257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136257" title="Jeppe">
Jeppe

Jeppe may refer to several articles.

</doc>
<doc id="20136283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136283" title="Blizzard of January 1881">
Blizzard of January 1881

The Blizzard of January 1881 (17–18 January 1881) was one of the most severe blizzards ever to hit the southern parts of the United Kingdom.
On 18 January 1881, a low pressure system rapidly developed in the English Channel. The snowfalls began on the 17th in the southwest and as the system deepened as it moved through the Channel, a gale force easterly developed over southern parts with heavy blizzards and drifting snow. The effect of the blizzard was to paralyse all transport, communication, trade and industries. Hundred of miles of rail track were blocked by drifting snow, tens of feet high in places. Even in central London, there were 3 feet drifts in places. Around 100 people are believed to have died as a result of the blizzard.
Reports from around the counties of snow depths.
London/Middlesex: Snow started falling around 9am on the 18th and lasted until about midday on the 19th. It was accompanied by a violent gale. General depth of 9 inches and 3 feet drifts.
Surrey: About 9 inches generally.
Kent: 3 to 4 inches along coast, 4-6 inches inland, 7 inches nearer London. 14 feet drifts on the Isle of Thanet.
Sussex: 7-8 inches to the north. 24 inches at Worthing, 18 inches at Brighton, 12 inches at St Leonard's, 9 to 12 inches at Littlehampton.
Isle of Wight and south Hampshire: A staggering 34 inches in two falls at Newport on Isle of Wight. St Lawrence with 22 inches, Osborne and Ventnor with 18 inches and 24 inches at Ryde. Many roads were filled with snow up to halfway on lamp-posts. 12 feet drifts at Cowes. A hall collapsed at Portsmouth due to weight of snow.
Berkshire: Ranging from 9 inches to east up to 15 inches in west. 
Hertfordshire: 6 to 9 inches.
Buckinghamshire: About 7 inches in general.
Oxfordshire: 12 to 13 inches. 13 feet drifts in places.
Northamptonshire: 6 inches generally but in the SW of county it was 12 inches.
Huntindgonshire: 5 inches to NE to 8 inches in south.
Bedfordshire: 7 inches, 10 feet drifts.
Cambridgeshire: About 7 inches.
Essex: 6 inches along coast, 9 inches to west.
Suffolk: 2-3 inches along the coast up to 7 inches in west.
Norfolk: 9 inches generally.
Wiltshire: 6 inches at Calne, 36 inches at Warminster. 12 feet drifts.
Dorset: 12-14 inches inland, 18 to 20 inches along coast. 
Devonshire: 12 to 14 inches generally, 3 feet over Dartmoor. 15 feet drifts.
Cornwall: 12 inches in far east, 7 inches generally.
Somerset: 12 to 13 inches in the south and east, 8 to 10 inches in west and north.
Gloucestershire: 9 to 10 inches in south, 6 to 7 inches in north. 7 to 10 feet drifts.
Herefordshire: 10 to 11 inches in south, 6 inches in the north.
Shropshire: 3 inches in the north, 5 inches in the south.
Staffordshire: 1 to 4 inches.
Worcestershire: 5 to 6 inches.
Warwickshire: 4 inches in north, 7 to 8 inches over central parts, 12 inches in SE of county.
Leicestershire: 6 inches and 6 feet drifts.
Lincolnshire: 6 to 7 inches.
South Wales: About 6 inches with 9 inches around Monmouthshire.
Radnorshire: 15 inches.
Denbighshire: 6 inches.
From the Wirral to just north of Flamborough Head northwards, no snow fell from this storm although there was a deep cover of snow over a wide area. For instance, parts of the Lancashire plain had a general cover of 6 inches.
Temperatures.
The severity of the frosts were remarkable probably second to those that occurred during February 1895 in intensity and length. The Central England Temperature for the period of 8th to 27th was -4.4C
At Orleton, the maximum never got above -7.0C on the 25th. Rivers in the area had frozen over by the 15th.
Boston: 15 days the mean temp was -6.1C, 6.5 inches thick ice on river. 
Haverfordwest: River Cleddan frozen over. A maximum of -7.8C on the 20th.
Killaloe: Large part of Lough Derg frozen over.
An aurora was widely seen over the UK on the 31st.
References.
Symons's Meteorological Magazine of 1881

</doc>
<doc id="20136287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136287" title="Tecomán Municipality">
Tecomán Municipality

Tecomán is a municipality in the Mexican state of Colima. 
The municipal seat lies at Tecomán. The municipality covers an area of 834.77 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 98,150. 

</doc>
<doc id="20136291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136291" title="Jharna Thapa">
Jharna Thapa

Jharna/Jharana Thapa is a leading Nepali actress. Jharana Thapa has been nominated as brand ambassador for the End Water Poverty campaign in Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="20136336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136336" title="Villa de Álvarez Municipality">
Villa de Álvarez Municipality

Villa de Álvarez is a municipality in the Mexican state of Colima. 
The municipal seat lies at Villa de Álvarez. 
The municipality covers an area of 428.4 km², and, in 2005, reported a total population of 100,121. 

</doc>
<doc id="20136338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136338" title="Marko Myyry">
Marko Myyry

Marko Myyry (born 15 September 1967 in Kerava, Finland) is a former Finnish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20136358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136358" title="2009 Medibank International Sydney">
2009 Medibank International Sydney

The 2009 Medibank International Sydney was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 117th edition of the event known that year as the Medibank International Sydney, and was part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2009 ATP World Tour, and of the WTA Premier tournaments of the 2009 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the NSW Tennis Centre in Sydney, Australia, from 11 through 17 January 2009.
The men's singles line up was headlined by Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) No. 3, reigning Australian Open and Indian Wells Masters champion, recent Tennis Masters Cup winner Novak Djokovic, 2008 Australian Open runner-up, Bangkok and Paris Masters titlist, Sydney doubles defending champion Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, and Madrid Masters finalist, Casablanca, Indianapolis and Bucharest champion Gilles Simon. Other top seeds competing were Buenos Aires and Stockholm champion David Nalbandian, Gstaad and Umag finalist Igor Andreev, Richard Gasquet, Tomáš Berdych, Tommy Robredo and Dmitry Tursunov.
The women's draw was led by Women's Tennis Association (WTA) No. 2, Wimbledon finalist and US Open champion, Bangalore, Miami and Charleston winner Serena Williams, French Open runner-up, Beijing Olympics silver medalist, Berlin, Los Angeles, Montreal and Tokyo titlist Dinara Safina, and Beijing Olympics gold medalist, Dubai and Luxembourg winner Elena Dementieva. Other players present were WTA Tour Championships runner-up, Prague and Guangzhou titlist Vera Zvonareva, French Open semifinalist Svetlana Kuznetsova, Agnieszka Radwańska, Nadia Petrova and Caroline Wozniacki.

</doc>
<doc id="20136429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136429" title="Papyrus 86">
Papyrus 86

Papyrus 86 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by siglum formula_186, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of Matthew. The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the 4th century. 
The surviving texts of Matthew are verses 5:13-16, 22-25. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II, it means, it has some alien readings. 
It is currently housed at the "Institut für Altertumskunde" in University of Cologne (P. Col. theol. 5516) in Cologne.

</doc>
<doc id="20136431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136431" title="Abundantius (consul)">
Abundantius (consul)

Flavius Abundantius ("floruit" 375-400) was a politician of the Eastern Roman Empire.
Of Scythian origin, he entered the Roman army under emperor Gratian (367-375) and climbed up its ranks until, around 392 and under emperor Theodosius I (378-395), he become "magister utriusque militiae". The next year, in 393, he also held the consulate.
The powerful eunuch and courtesan Eutropius, who had been introduced by Abundantius into the court, caused his downfall, because he longed for Abundantius' properties: in 396 Eutropius had the new emperor Arcadius exile Abundantius at "Pityus" on the Black Sea and give all his properties to Eutropius himself. When Eutropius died (399), Abundantius succeeded in being transferred to the more comfortable Sidon, where he was still alive in 400.

</doc>
<doc id="20136446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136446" title="Sapphire Elia">
Sapphire Elia

Sapphire Elia (born 15 April 1987), is an English actress, model and singer best known for her roles in musical drama "Britannia High" and the soap opera "Emmerdale".
Early and personal life.
Sapphire Chrystalla Elia was born on 15 April 1987 in London. Elia is of Greek-Cypriot heritage.
She is 3/4 Greek and 1/4 English
Career.
Elia modelled for brands such as Dolce & Gabbana, Selfridges and Debenhams from the age of three. She later went on to appear in a number of adverts. In 1996, Elia began attending the Sylvia Young Theatre School. She was cast in the role of a young Cosette in Trevor Nunn's theatre production of "Les Misérables" at the Palace Theatre.
In 1998, Elia became an entertainer on ITV's "Fun Song Factory" for one series. Two years later she become a presenter on Discovery Kids, which led to a two hour reality show called "Blast Off", where she attended the NASA Astronaut Training Camp for children. In 2002, Elia played Isabelle in the educational series, "Energy" for Pearson Education. The following year, she graduated from Sylvia Young.
In 2006, the actress was cast as Gemma Craig in the television drama series "Dream Team". Elia played two Polly Delwar and Kerry in two separate stints in "The Bill".
In 2008, Elia successfully auditioned for the musical drama series "Britannia High". She was cast as Claudine Cameron. During her time on the show, she recorded a song 'Do It All Over Again'. The song peaked at #21 on the UK charts and it also entered the Australian charts at #12. A year later, Elia played Snow White in a Christmas pantomime at the Richmond Theatre. In 2010, the actress played the role of Amber in the movie "Black Forest" for the Syfy channel. In September of that year, Elia joined the cast of "Emmerdale" as Mia Macey. In May 2011, Elia confirmed her departure from "Emmerdale".
For the 2010/2011 panto season, Elia played Princess Belle in Sleeping Beauty at The Hexagon Theatre in Reading.
After leaving Emmerdale, Elia performed the role of Princess Jasmine in Maidstone's Christmas pantomime of Aladdin in 2011/12.
Sapphire is currently touring the UK as Cecily Cardew in the Oscar Wilde play "Importance of Being Earnest" for Middle Ground. http://www.middlegroundtheatre.co.uk/Earnest2012.htm
Sapphire has also starred as Snow White in the 2012/13 panto season in Ipswich. http://www.eadt.co.uk/entertainment/ipswich_mirror_mirror_on_the_wall_which_panto_s_coming_to_the_regent_this_fall_1_1473843
Sapphire graced the second cover to Image 34 magazine in June 2012 http://www.issuu.com/image34/docs/issue_2

</doc>
<doc id="20136465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136465" title="Totaled!">
Totaled!

Totaled!, known in Europe as Crashed, is a vehicular combat game released in 2002 for the Xbox and the PlayStation 2. It was developed by British video game developer Rage Software. The object of the game is to smash each others till they are "totaled". "Totaled!" didn't seem to score any great reviews anywhere, IGN scored it as "passable" (6.1/10) and GameSpot gave it the rating "bad" (3.5/10).

</doc>
<doc id="20136466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136466" title="Drakensberg Pumped Storage Scheme">
Drakensberg Pumped Storage Scheme

The Drakensberg Pumped Storage Scheme is an energy storage facility built in the South African provinces of Free State and KwaZulu-Natal starting in 1974 and completed by 1981.
Four dams are involved in the scheme; the Driekloof Dam ("a branch of the Sterkfontein Dam"), the Kilburn Dam, the Woodstock Dam and the Driel Barrage. Electricity generation equipment is located between Driekloof Dam and Kilburn Dam. Since the Driekloof Dam/Sterkfontein Dam also forms part of the Tugela-Vaal Water Project some of the water pumped to Driekloof Dam might end up flowing to the Vaal Dam and not be available for return to the Kilburn Dam. The Woodstock Dam and Driel Barrage are used to supply this additional water to Kilburn Dam when required.
The scheme provides for up to 27.6 GWh of electricity storage in the form of of water. The water is pumped to Driekloof during times of low national power consumption (generally over weekends) and released back into Kilburn through four 250 MW turbine generators in times of high electricity demand.

</doc>
<doc id="20136467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136467" title="Inflation swap">
Inflation swap

An inflation swap is the linear form of an inflation derivative, an over-the-counter and exchange-traded derivatives that is used to transfer inflation risk from one counterparty to another. 
Limited price inflation (LPI) swaps are inflation swaps which are capped and floored between 0% and 5%.
External links.
Inflation swaps can be indexed to the inflation bond or the inflation index.

</doc>
<doc id="20136471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136471" title="The Regent String Quartet">
The Regent String Quartet

The Regent String Quartet are a British string quartet, 
The Regent String Quartet was formed in the mid-1990s. Their original lineup was Helen Godbolt, Sarah Turner, Caryn Cohen and Emma Martin (see the Members section for more details).
They were formed at the Royal Academy of Music where they were all trained as classical players.
Appearances.
Artists whom they have supported.
KanYe West, McFly, Vanessa Mae, Gabrielle, Mostly Autumn, Nigel Kennedy, Julian Lloyd Webber,
Luciano Pavarotti, Russell Watson, The Opera Babes.
TV.
"Too Good To Be True" (ITV, 2003),
Comic Relief 2005, supporting McFly,
Brit Awards (several years) - accompanying strings,
"Top Of The Pops" (several appearances) - accompanying strings.
Film.
"The Lord of the Rings film trilogy" soundtrack

</doc>
<doc id="20136474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136474" title="Zhang Wen (Han Dynasty)">
Zhang Wen (Han Dynasty)

Zhang Wen (died 191) served as Minister of Works during the Eastern Han Dynasty. He was, at one point, the superior of Dong Zhuo and Sun Jian when he served as the commander of the Han army against the Liang Province Rebellion.
In fiction.
In Luo Guanzhong's historical novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms", Zhang Wen was murdered by Lü Bu at a dinner party with many officials present. Lü Bu was the adopted son of the tyrannical warlord Dong Zhuo, who ordered Lü Bu to take Zhang Wen away from the assembly, sever his head, and bring it back on a silver platter to show the other guests. Dong Zhuo then announced to the other officials that a letter had been discovered from Zhang Wen to Yuan Shu, one of Dong Zhuo's rival warlords, in which Zhang Wen had been collaborating against him. Dong Zhuo told the rest of the assembly not to worry as none of them had been implicated in the letter.

</doc>
<doc id="20136477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136477" title="Charlotte Ashton">
Charlotte Ashton

Charlotte Ashton is a British television presenter. She presents "Revealed..." on "BBC Switch" alongside Anthony Baxter.
Career.
Ashton started her career at BBC Radio 4 and has written for "The Guardian" newspaper.
Radio 1's Surgery with Kelly Osbourne.
On Sunday 30 November 2008, Ashton hosted Radio 1's first surgery debate show with presenter Aled Haydn-Jones. The second debate show was on Sunday 18 January 2009, which Ashton hosted with Haydn-Jones and fellow "Revealed..." presenter Anthony Baxter.
Personal life.
Ashton was born in Birmingham and now lives in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20136488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136488" title="Grapevine moth">
Grapevine moth

A grapevine moth may be:

</doc>
<doc id="20136489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136489" title="Esa Pekonen">
Esa Pekonen

Esa Pekonen (born 4 November 1961) was a former Finnish footballer. He is currently managing KuPS.

</doc>
<doc id="20136502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136502" title="To Die in Madrid">
To Die in Madrid

To Die in Madrid () is a 1963 French documentary film directed by Frédéric Rossif. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 

</doc>
<doc id="20136527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136527" title="1999 Japanese motorcycle Grand Prix">
1999 Japanese motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1999 Japanese motorcycle Grand Prix was the second round of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 25 April 1999 at the Twin Ring Motegi.

</doc>
<doc id="20136535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136535" title="Karen Gillece">
Karen Gillece

Karen Gillece (born 1974 in Dublin) is an Irish writer. She studied Law at University College Dublin and worked for several years in the telecommunications industry before turning to writing full-time. She has written four novels and her short stories have been widely published in literary journals and magazines. She has been described by "The Irish Times" as "an emerging force to be reckoned with", and by the "Irish Independent" as "the queen of emerging Irish writers", and her work as being "clever and compelling". She lives in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="20136555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136555" title="Egoleech">
Egoleech

Egoleech is the third studio album by German goregrind band Cock and Ball Torture. This album shows a shift in the group's style from its trademark pornogrind sound to groove-laden death metal.

</doc>
<doc id="20136565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136565" title="1999 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix">
1999 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1999 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix was the third round of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 9 May 1999 at the Circuito Permanente de Jerez.

</doc>
<doc id="20136588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136588" title="1999 French motorcycle Grand Prix">
1999 French motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1999 French motorcycle Grand Prix was the fourth round of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 23 May 1999 at Le Castellet.

</doc>
<doc id="20136602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136602" title="1993 Italian Open – Men's Singles">
1993 Italian Open – Men's Singles

The 1993 Italian Open was a tennis tournament played on clay courts in Rome, Italy the event was part of the 1993 ATP Tour and 1993 WTA Tour. The men's tournament was held from May 3 to 9. The women's tournament was held from May 10 to May 17, 1993. Jim Courier defeated Goran Ivanišević in the final 6–1, 6–2, 6–2.

</doc>
<doc id="20136606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136606" title="1947 Hobart Carnival">
1947 Hobart Carnival

The 1947 Hobart Carnival was the tenth edition of the Australian National Football Carnival, an Australian rules football interstate competition.
North Hobart Oval hosted the matches during the carnival, most of them under heavy rain. Western Australia, South Australia and the VFL were in Section A while Tasmania, New South Wales, Queensland and Canberra took part in Section B. 
Western Australia caused an upset with a 4 point win over the VFL, the first time the Victorians had lost at a carnival since 1921. The VFL however claimed the Championship on percentage after easily accounting for South Australia by 76 points. Tasmania topped the Section B ladder to gain promotion to the top flight in the 1950 Brisbane Carnival.

</doc>
<doc id="20136615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136615" title="Korolevo">
Korolevo

Korolevo (, , ) is an urban type settlement on Tisza River in Zakarpattia Oblast, Vynohradiv Raion, Ukraine.
History.
During the reign of Saint Stephen King of Hungary, there existed a German settlement. On the hill was built a wooden royal hunting house, from which the town got its name. Királyháza, its original Hungarian name which was later translated to the Slavic Korolev, literally means king's house. In the 14th century at the site a stone castle named Nyalab was built. In 1672 the castle was destroyed. 
In 1910, the village in the Kingdom of Hungary in the county Ung, had 3,167 inhabitants, of whom 2,224 were Hungarians and 932 Ruthenians. In 1918 Koroleve joined the then newly formed Czechoslovakia (as part of the Subcarpathian Ruthenia). In 1944 close to the end of World War II, it ended up in the Ukrainian SSR as part the USSR. In 1947 the village got the status of an urban type settlement. In 1991 it became part of an independent Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="20136620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136620" title="2005 St. Petersburg Open">
2005 St. Petersburg Open

The 2005 St. Petersburg Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 11th edition of the St. Petersburg Open, and was part of the International Series of the 2005 ATP Tour. It took place at the Petersburg Sports and Concert Complex in Saint Petersburg, Russia, from October 24 through October 30, 2005.
The singles draw was headlined by ATP No. 8, Australian Open quarterfinalist, French Open semifinalist, St. Pölten winner Nikolay Davydenko, Wimbledon semifinalist, 1997 St. Petersburg champion Thomas Johansson, and Memphis and Nottingham titlist Max Mirnyi. Also competing were Cincinnati Masters quarterfinalist Mikhail Youzhny, Moscow runner-up Nicolas Kiefer, Jarkko Nieminen, Greg Rusedski and Fernando Verdasco.

</doc>
<doc id="20136626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136626" title="Chili Weather">
Chili Weather

Chili Weather is a 1963 Merrie Melodies cartoon starring Sylvester and Speedy Gonzales.
Plot.
Some Mexican mice see the Guadalajara Food Processing Plant and try to enter but are prevent by Sylvester guarding the place. The hungry mice summon Speedy Gonzales to help them get food. Speedy steals some cheese, but when he goes back, Sylvester starts chasing him. They end up on a conveyor belt, where Sylvester gets shaved by some chopping blades. Speedy spreads some grease on a platform, and Sylvester skids into a vat of Tabasco Sauce. He melts a block of ice to recover. On another conveyor belt, Sylvester gets a bottle cap pressed onto his head. He pries it off with a bottle opener, but Speedy "yee-ha's" him into the ceiling where it gets stuck again, and Speedy hides his bottle opener. Sylvester wanders off, trying to club Speedy but unable to because of his lack of sight, and his aimless wandering lands him in a dehydrator. He emerges from the dehydrator in a miniature size (finally able to remove the bottle cap), but then Speedy, who is now larger than the cat, greets him prompting the tiny Sylvester to run away in fright.

</doc>
<doc id="20136631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136631" title="Hannu Turunen">
Hannu Turunen

Hannu Turunen (born 24 June 1956 in Savonlinna) is a former Finnish footballer.
Turunen played for Koparit and KuPS during his club career, also making 66 appearances for the Finland national football team, scoring 3 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20136638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136638" title="1999 Italian motorcycle Grand Prix">
1999 Italian motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1999 Italian motorcycle Grand Prix was the fifth race of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 6 June 1999 at the Mugello Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20136659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136659" title="1999 Catalan motorcycle Grand Prix">
1999 Catalan motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1999 Catalan motorcycle Grand Prix was the sixth round of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 20 June 1999 at the Circuit de Catalunya.

</doc>
<doc id="20136662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136662" title="Churchill's People">
Churchill's People

"Churchill's People" is series of 26 historical dramas produced by the BBC, based on Winston Churchill's "A History of the English-Speaking Peoples". They were first broadcast on BBC1 in 1974 and 1975.
The series was widely regarded as misconceived for variety of reasons, such as the studio-bound production which offered little in the way of realism and the lack of available funding. Each episode dealt with a particular period in British history, and the quality was consequently variable. Much of the acting was criticised, despite the involvement of names such as Richard Johnson, Robert Hardy, Alan Howard, Colin Blakely, Anna Massey, Gemma Jones and Edward Fox. The programme was reviewed at some length in the programme "TV Hell", which revealed that viewing figures had plummeted from 2 million at the series' launch to less than half a million by the fifth episode. The programme was swiftly buried in a later time-slot for the remainder of its run.
Nancy Banks-Smith in "The Guardian" described it as having "little to offer us but blood, horsehair and history. Though a hell of a lot of each."

</doc>
<doc id="20136687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136687" title="1999 Dutch TT">
1999 Dutch TT

The 1999 Dutch TT was the seventh round of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 26 June 1999 at the TT Circuit Assen located in Assen, Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20136709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136709" title="Coquimatlán">
Coquimatlán

Coquimatlán is a city and seat of the municipality of Coquimatlán, in the Mexican state of Colima. As of 2005, it had a population of 11,374.

</doc>
<doc id="20136717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136717" title="1999 British motorcycle Grand Prix">
1999 British motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1999 British motorcycle Grand Prix was the eighth round of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 4 July 1999 at Donington Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20136728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136728" title="EJD">
EJD

EJD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20136741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136741" title="Virius Nicomachus Flavianus">
Virius Nicomachus Flavianus

Virius Nicomachus Flavianus (334–394) was a grammarian, a historian and a politician of the Roman Empire.
A pagan and close friend of Quintus Aurelius Symmachus, he was Praetorian prefect of Italy in 390–392 and, under usurper Eugenius (392–394), again praetorian prefect (393–394) and consul (394, recognized only within Eugenius' territory). After the death of Eugenius in the battle of the Frigidus, Flavianus committed suicide.
Biography.
Nicomachus Flavianus was born in 334, and belonged to the "Nicomachi", an influential family of senatorial rank. His father was Volusius Venustus, and from his wife, a pagan herself, he had a son also called Nicomachus Flavianus and maybe another son called Venustus; he was also grandfather of Appius Nicomachus Dexter and of Galla.
His career can be reconstructed from two inscriptions: one (CIL, VI, 1782) put up by his granddaughter's husband Quintus Fabius Memmius Symmachus and probably inscribed in 394, the other (CIL, VI, 1783) coming from the basis of a statue erected in 431 in Trajan's Forum by his nephew Appius Nicomachus Dexter, to celebrate his grandfather's memory after its restoration by the ruling emperors. Flavianus' "cursus honorum" included the following offices:
During his office as "vicarius Africae" he received a law against Donatism; however it seems he somehow sided with Donatists, if in 405 Augustine of Hippo misbelieved him a Donatist. In this office he, together with Decimius Hilarianus Hesperius, was in charge of the investigations around a scandal involving the city of Leptis Magna, but his conclusions, included into a report, had the citizens not guilty; afterwards the citizens of Leptis Magna erected him a statue.
In 392 Flavianus had been praetorian prefect of Illyricum and Africa for two years, when the emperor of the western part of the Roman Empire, Valentinian II, died, either killed or committing suicide (15 May); his general Arbogast, with whom he had had a long conflict, was suspected of being involved in his death. As soon as he heard of Valentinian's death, eastern emperor Theodosius I nominated another praetorian prefect for Illyricum, Apodemius, who received also the praetorian prefecture of Africa in late 392/early 393. Arbogast, foreseeing an attack from Theodosius, put up a usurper, Eugenius, as emperor of the western part. As soon as Eugenius entered in Italy (his crowing had been in Lyon on 22 August 393), Flavianus went to him and was appointed praetorian prefect for the second time; his key role within Eugenius' administration was confirmed with Flavianus' election to the consulate of 394 without a colleague (this office was recognized only within Eugenius' territory).
There is another important aspect of Flavianus' activity under Eugenius, the one often referred to as the "pagan revival". Eugenius was a Christian, but choose several pagans within the aristocracy as his allies. Flavianus took the opportunity and renewed the public ceremonies of the Roman religion, without the opposition of Eugenius, who was, for this reason, scolded by Ambrose, bishop of Milan. Theodosian propaganda first and Christian sources later presented the fight between Theodosius and Eugenius as a struggle of Christian faith against a last-standing Paganism: for this reason the religious acts of Flavianus have been interpreted as a pagan revival supported, or at least allowed, by Eugenius; a typical example is the episode of the "Vita Ambrosii" by Paulinus the Deacon, in which Flavianus and Arbogast, leaving Milan to clash into Theodosius' army, promise to destroy the city basilica and to enlist the Christian clergy into the army after their victorious return. Modern historians believe that there was not such a "pagan revival", but that Flavianus took the chance of a power vacuum (both in politics and in religion, as there was not, at the time, a powerful Christian figure) to support Roman religion, but without any plan by Eugenius.
Flavianus encouraged Eugenius in his struggle against Theodosius claiming that sacrifices had indicated victory in the forthcoming war. However, Eugenius and Arbogast were killed in the decisive battle of the Frigidus against the army of Theodosius (5 September 394); few days later, Flavianus committed suicide, at the age of sixty.
Pagan circle of Flavianus.
Flavianus belonged to the pagan circle which included also Vettius Agorius Praetextatus and Quintus Aurelius Symmachus. This circle was at the centre of the pagan movement of the late 4th century and, in particular through the work of the "Nicomachi" and "Symmachi" families, has the merit of the preservation into modern times of the works of several pagan authors, among which Livy, Martial and Apuleius.
The relationship between the "Nicomachi" and the "Symmachi" was strengthened through weddings: in 393/394 the son of Flavianus, Nicomachus Flavianus, married Galla, the daughter of Quintus Aurelius Symmachus, whose son, Quintus Fabius Memmius Symmachus, married in 401 a daughter or a nephew of Flavianus. The bond between the two families was celebrated, either in occasion of one of the two weddings or at the time of a joint endorsement of religious offices, with the issue of a diptych, whose valves are entitled one "Nicomachorum" and the other "Symmachorum".
Praetextatus, Symmachus and Flavianus are the main characters of Macrobius Ambrosius Theodosius' "Saturnalia", written in the 5th century but set in the summer holidays of 384; the author describes the leaders of the pagan movement that host in turn different pagan intellectual to discuss philosophical and religious matters.
Flavianus' role in literature.
In the inscription on the base of the statue he dedicated to his father-in-law, Quintus Fabius Memmius Symmachus calls Flavianus "historicus disertissimus". In fact, Flavianus wrote a history of Rome entitled "Annales" ("Annals"), now lost; it was dedicated to Theodosius (probably when Flavianus was "quaestor sacri palatii" in the 380s) and written in annalist form. As the title suggests, it might have been a continuation of the "Annals" by Tacitus: in fact, in the often unreliable "Historia Augusta", inside the book devoted to the life of the Roman emperor Aurelian (270–275), it is included a letter from Aurelian to queen Zenobia that the author claims reported by a Nicomachus; it is therefore possible that Nicomachus' work was a continuation of Tacitus' until, at least, Aurelian. Flavianus' "Annals" was maybe used by Ammianus Marcellinus as a source.
Flavianus translated also from Greek language Philostratus' "Life of Apollonius of Tyana", a man whose life was seen as very close to that of Jesus and whose biography therefore was considered akin to a pagan Gospel in the 4th century.
Flavianus has been identified with the object of the Christian work "Carmen contra Flavianum". He is one of the main characters, together with other members of his pagan club, of Macrobius' "Saturnalia", a work written in the 430s, where he is depicted as a man of huge erudition. In his "Ecclesiastical History", Tyrannius Rufinus tells the clash between Eugenius and Theodosius I actually depicting the pagan Flavianus, rather than the Christian Eugenius, as the true opponent defeated by the Christian Theodosius at the battle of the Frigidus; according to Rufinus, Flavianus committed suicide because he realized his own religion was false. Scholars are unanimous in the belief that Rufinus invented this claim to advance the cause of the religion he so zealously apologised for.
References.
On Flavianus' "Annals":

</doc>
<doc id="20136762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136762" title="The Face of a Genius">
The Face of a Genius

The Face of a Genius is a 1966 documentary film about Eugene O’Neill, produced by Alfred R. Kelman for WBZ-TV Boston. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature, the first time that a film originally produced for television was recognized by the Academy as a nominee for Best Documentary Feature. 

</doc>
<doc id="20136782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136782" title="Pilat (Maalaala Mo Kaya)">
Pilat (Maalaala Mo Kaya)

"Pilat" is an episode of the drama anthology "Maalaala Mo Kaya" aired last October 19, 2007 starring Angel Locsin and Sam Milby.
Plot.
Abandoned by their mother, and burdened with an ailing father, Melody (Angel Locsin) has to put aside her dreams and act as both mother and father to her family. She works as an assistant for a wealthy doctor. Melody experiences humiliation from her employer's family, who suspect her enthusiasm for her work.

</doc>
<doc id="20136803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136803" title="Tony Sperandeo">
Tony Sperandeo

Tony Sperandeo (born 8 May 1953) is an Italian actor of cinema and television. Sperandeo is notable for frequently playing the roles of characters from his native region, Sicily. As of 2011, he was working on "La Nuova Squadra", a police drama televised by Rai Tre, as the Superintendent Salvatore Sciacca.
Career.
He was born Gaetano Sperandeo in Palermo.
In 1983, his acting career began with a small part in the film "Kaos", directed by the Taviani brothers. In 1985, he landed a role in a cinematographic film "Pizza Connection", by Damiano Damiani. He also acted in four of the sequels of the popular television drama, ""La Piovra"", which is about the Mafia. He has appeared in many other Italian films, the most notable being "La scorta" by Ricky Tognazzi, as well as ""Ragazzi fuori"" and ""Mery per sempre"", the latter two set in his home town of Palermo. They are both directed by Marco Risi.
Since 2004, he has appeared regularly on television in the role of Superintendent Salvatore Sciacca, first in the police drama "La Squadra" (2004–2007), and its sequel, "La Nuova Squadra" (2008–2009, 2011).
In 2001, Sperandeo won the David di Donatello award for Best Supporting Actor in ""I cento passi"" ("One Hundred Steps"), directed by Marco Tullio Giordana, in which he played the role of Mafia boss Tano Badalamenti.
Personal life.
He was married to actress Rita Barbanera (1968–2001), by whom he has two children, Tony and Priscilla. Sperandeo met her on the set of "Mery per sempre", the film in which he was working at the time. They performed together in one film, "La discesa di Aclà a Floristella" in 1992. Rita was primarily a stage actress.
In 2001, Rita Barbanera committed suicide by jumping off the balcony at their home in Palermo. She was thirty-two years old.

</doc>
<doc id="20136810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136810" title="Take Me Where the Good Times Are">
Take Me Where the Good Times Are

Take Me Where the Good Times Are is a novel by Robert Cormier. First published in 1965, it is Cormier's third novel. 
Plot synopsis.
This story features Tommy Bartin, a 70-year-old resident at the Dorchester County, Maryland poor house. When another resident leaves Tommy some cash, he sees his opportunity to go back to the area he grew up in. But Tommy finds that his old town has changed substantially over time, and he hopes to find a way to be useful again, and to regain his self-respect.
Themes.
Themes in this story include the quality of denial and facing reality even if it is undesirable.

</doc>
<doc id="20136827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136827" title="The Fall-Down Artist">
The Fall-Down Artist

The Fall-Down Artist is a crime novel by the American writer Thomas Lipinski set in 1980s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the story of Pittsburgh private detective Carroll Dorsey, whose personal life is in disarray, and who investigates a series of militant grassroots organizations dedicated to preserving the steel industry and finds violence, insurance fraud, and murder.
The novel is the first in a series of four Carroll Dorsey mysteries.
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20136835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136835" title="Frank Murphy (GAA)">
Frank Murphy (GAA)

Frank Murphy (born May 1944) is the secretary of the Cork County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association, and a member of the Blackrock GAA club in Ireland. In the past he has served as a hurling referee and as a selector with various Cork hurling and football teams. 
Murphy is regarded as the most powerful figure in Cork GAA, and has played a key role in a number of controversies and in the ongoing disputes between the county board and the Cork football and hurling teams, such as the 2008–9 Cork senior hurling team strike.

</doc>
<doc id="20136844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136844" title="Carmel (biblical settlement)">
Carmel (biblical settlement)

Carmel was an ancient Israelite town in Judea.
Biblical references.
There are several references to Carmel in the Bible. Carmel is mentioned as a city of Judah in 1 Samuel 15:12 and also in Joshua 15:55. It is mentioned as the place where Saul erects a monument after the expedition against the Amelekites (1 Samuel 15:12). Carmel is mentioned in 1 Samuel 25 as the home of Nabal and his wife Abigail.
Later Jewish history.
After the Bar Kochba revolt Carmel was used as a Roman garrison town. The Jews of the town being uncomfortable with the Roman presence moved their settlement 2 km southeast, occupying a hilltop ridge. The new Jewish settlement prospered until the Persian army of Chosroes forced the Roman garrison of Heraclius's army to quit Palestine. The Persian army was, in its turn, shortly destroyed by the Rashidun Caliphate. With a lack of market for their wine, the Jewish settlement declined with the synagogue finally being abandoned in the 9th Century. The abandoned synagogue, which still stands in the Palestinian town now known as al-Karmil, is one of the best preserved ancient synagogues in the West Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="20136855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136855" title="Helicopter Canada">
Helicopter Canada

Helicopter Canada is a 1966 Canadian documentary film directed by Eugene Boyko. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature at the 39th Academy Awards.
Filmed in CinemaScope, the film was made for international distribution during the Canadian centennial. It received two awards at the Canadian Film Awards (now known as the Genies): Best Film in the General Information category and a Special Prize "For providing a superbly appropriate and inspiring opportunity for Canadians to view their country in the Centennial Year."
"Helicopter Canada" took 18 months to produce and required Boyko to spend 540 hours aloft in a specially outfitted Alouette II helicopter.

</doc>
<doc id="20136856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136856" title="Romano Dazzi">
Romano Dazzi

Romano Dazzi (February 10, 1905 – 1976) was an Italian artist.
He was born in Rome.
In 1936 he won a silver medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for his "Quattro bozzetti per affreschi" ("Four Sketches for Frescoes").

</doc>
<doc id="20136857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136857" title="List of Luton Town F.C. players">
List of Luton Town F.C. players

Luton Town Football Club is an English football club based since 1905 at Kenilworth Road, Luton, Bedfordshire. The side currently plays in the Conference Premier, the fifth tier of football in England. Founded in 1885, Luton Town became the first professional team in southern England six years later and joined The Football League in 1897. After leaving the League in 1900 due to financial strife, Luton Town competed in the Southern League until Football League membership was regained 20 years later. After an 89-year period of League membership, the team was relegated to the Conference Premier in 2009 due to a 30-point deduction imposed by the football authorities.
Luton Town's first team has competed in numerous nationally-contested competitions, and the 50 players judged in 2009 the club's best by Denis O'Donoghue of "The Times" are listed below. In addition, all players who have appeared 100 times for the club in these competitions are given. Club record holders are also included, regardless of the number of matches they played.
Fred Hawkes holds the record for most league appearances for the club, having played 509 matches between 1901 and 1920. The closest to Hawkes's record is Bob Morton, who appeared 495 times between 1948 and 1964. Including all senior competitions, Morton leads the chart with 562 compared to Hawkes's 549. As of 1 July 2009, the player who has won the most international caps while at the club is Mal Donaghy, who appeared 58 times for Northern Ireland.
The goalscoring record is held by Gordon Turner, who scored 276 goals between 1949 and 1964. Turner's tally of 243 league goals is also a club record. Turner's nearest rival is Andy Rennie, whose 147 league goals, 162 in total, were scored between 1925 and 1934. Joe Payne holds the Luton Town record for the most goals scored in a season, set in 1936–37, with 55 league goals in 39 Third Division South games and 58 in all competitions. Payne also holds the Football League record for most goals in a match, with 10 during a 12–0 victory over Bristol Rovers on 13 April 1936. Turner holds the club record for most goals in a top-flight season, with 33 league goals and 38 overall during 1957–58.

</doc>
<doc id="20136871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136871" title="1963 Major League Baseball All-Star Game">
1963 Major League Baseball All-Star Game

The 1963 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was the 34th playing of the midsummer classic between the all-stars of the American League (AL) and National League (NL), the two leagues comprising Major League Baseball. The game was held in Cleveland, Ohio, at Cleveland Municipal Stadium, home of the American Leagues Cleveland Indians. The game was won by the National League 5-3.

</doc>
<doc id="20136885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136885" title="Wallaceville">
Wallaceville

Wallaceville is a suburb of Upper Hutt located in the lower North Island of New Zealand. It is named after John Howard Wallace (1816-91), an early New Zealand settler, local body politician, businessman and author of one of the first published histories of New Zealand. It is home to the oldest surviving wooden blockhouse in New Zealand. AgResearch has its National Centre for Biosecurity and Infectious Diseases at Wallaceville.

</doc>
<doc id="20136898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136898" title="Buster Brown (footballer)">
Buster Brown (footballer)

William Ian "Buster" Brown (September 6, 1910–1993) was a professional footballer who played as a defender for Luton Town, Huddersfield Town and Brentford. He was born in Silvertown, West Ham, London.

</doc>
<doc id="20136899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136899" title="Foundation Academy Charter School">
Foundation Academy Charter School

Foundation Academy Charter School is a charter school located in Trenton, New Jersey. The mission of the school as stated on its website is "to ensure that all of our students secure the academic knowledge and skills to prepare them for the nation's finest high schools and colleges, and to instill in them the core values of caring, respect, responsibility and honesty". The school was founded by seven individuals whose names and short biographies are listed on the school's website found in the external links section. It was established in the 2007-08 school year with 80 students in grade levels 5 and 6. It will increase its student population by 40 and add a grade level every school year until 2009 when it will cap at 160 students in grade levels 5 to 8.
School Structure.
Foundation Academy has modeled its structure after North Star Academy Charter School and TEAM Academy Charter School, both of which are located in Newark, New Jersey.
It operates on longer school days for a longer school year than the local district schools. The school day runs from 7:30 am to 3:30 pm and every school year is scheduled to run for at least 200 days, whereas the local districts typically run their days from 8:30 am to 2:45 pm for no less than 180 days, the mandated minimum by the state of New Jersey.
Students are required to wear school uniforms.
Curriculum.
As part of the core curriculum Foundation Academy the features the typical subject areas along with Spanish, Ballroom Dancing, and Orchestra. The students are required to complete 90 minutes of homework every night and are provided with the cell phone numbers of their teachers in case they need assistance.
Foundation Academy invested $60,000 in musical instruments in order to support its full orchestral programs. The instruments purchased included violins, cellos, and violas. The money was part of a federal charter school start-up grant that was awarded to the school.

</doc>
<doc id="20136907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136907" title="Rio Rico High School">
Rio Rico High School

Rio Rico High School (RRHS) is the public high school for Rio Rico, Arizona. It is the only high school in the Santa Cruz Valley Unified School District.

</doc>
<doc id="20136918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136918" title="Joseph Judah">
Joseph Judah

Joseph Judah (Born Dec 13 1984) is an American Canadian fighting in the junior middleweight division. Joe is the brother of welterweight champion Zab Judah and former U.S. Boxing Association light heavyweight champion Daniel Judah. His trainer is his father, Yoel Judah. Judah has a professional record of 4 wins with no losses and one knockout.

</doc>
<doc id="20136927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136927" title="Andrea Malatesta">
Andrea Malatesta

Andrea Malatesta (1373 – 20 September 1416) was an Italian condottiero, a member of the Malatesta family of Romagna. He is also known as Malatesta da Cesena, a city he had inherited in 1385 from his father, Galeotto, together with Cervia and Bertinoro. In 1388 he was also recognized lord of Fossombrone.
In 1397 he fought for the Bolognesi, who sent him with 200 knights to support the Florentines against Gian Galeazzo Visconti, Duke of Milan. He pushed back Alberico da Barbiano's troops, and then moved to the defence of Mantua; he was however defeated by Jacopo dal Verme, who captured the city. The following year he sided with Braccio da Montone, who was leading a party of exiles from Perugia, in the attempt to retake Mantua, which was now under Biordo dei Michelotti; Biordo hired him for some operations in the Val Nocera.
In 1398 Malatesta was made Senator of Rome by Pope Boniface IX, a position he held for some one year driving some attacks on the Colonna family's lands. In 1399, as the Ghibelline party in the city had organized a plot against him, he confiscated their lands, including Verucchio. In 1402, together with his brother Pandolfo, he went into the service of Galeazzo Maria Visconti, fighting in the expedition against Bologna and in the victorious battle of Casalecchio. After the duke's death, he was hired again by the pope, and in 1403 he was able to expel the Visconti from Bologna, capturing a large booty in the following campaigns in the neighborhood. In 1404 he fought against Alberico da Barbiano, and in 1406 he seized Forlì.
In 1408 Malatesta was hired by Giovanni Maria Visconti of Milan, with the task of countering Facino Cane in the territory of Pavia. Back in Cesena, he allied with Niccolò III d'Este of Ferrara against the lord of Parma, Ottobono Terzi, taking part in the latter's defeat at Modena by Muzio Attendolo. Returned to Cesena, in 1413 he warred against Antipope John XXIII, who was backed by the aggressive new King of Naples, Ladislaus. After a failed attempt to conquer Bologna, he sided with Ladislaus in his capture of Rome. He shortly took part in the siege of Spoleto, which he quit to help Sforza against Paolo Orsini.
After other minor operations, Malatesta was hired by Perugia, which named him "capitano generale", against Braccio da Montone. However, he fell ill and was replaced by his brother Carlo Malatesta; he died in September 1416.

</doc>
<doc id="20136937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136937" title="Team chasing">
Team chasing

"Team chasing" is a British equestrian sport, contested between teams of four riders over a cross-country course of about two miles, with about 25 fences to be jumped. It is a dangerous sport, and a number of injuries have occurred.
The teams set off at intervals and race against the clock, the time of the third member of each team being taken as the time of the team.
History.
Team chasing was invented by Douglas Bunn (the Master of Hickstead) in 1974 as a spectator sport for television, and has had a small but enthusiastic following ever since. Teams, many of whom have been is existence for some time, have been creative in finding names, such as the Boring Gorings (one of the first teams to compete, in 1974, and the oldest team still chasing), the Cunning Stunts, the Ankle Biting Butt Munchers, the Marston Misfits (founded in 1980), and many others. The sport has enjoyed a revival in the 21st Century, and has recently come to public attention by featuring in the BBC Radio series, The Archers.

</doc>
<doc id="20136939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136939" title="This Other Eden">
This Other Eden

This Other Eden may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20136944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136944" title="The Really Big Family">
The Really Big Family

The Really Big Family is a 1966 American documentary film directed by Alexander Grasshoff. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20136954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136954" title="Unconditional Union Party">
Unconditional Union Party

The Unconditional Union Party was a loosely organized political entity during the American Civil War and the early days of Reconstruction. First established in 1861 in Missouri, where secession talk was strong, the party fully supported the preservation of the Union at all costs. Members included Southern Democrats who were loyal to the Union, as well as elements of the old Whig Party and other factions opposed to a separate Southern Confederacy.
Missouri's Unconditional Union Party.
Following the splintered presidential election of 1860, it became apparent that much of the South would not abide by the election of Abraham Lincoln. In Missouri, Francis P. Blair, Jr. began consolidating that state's adherents of Lincoln, John Bell, and Stephen A. Douglas into a new political party, the Unconditional Union Party, which would lay aside antebellum partisan interests in favor of a single cause, the preservation of the Union. Blair and his supporters' primary goal was "to resist the intrigues of the Secessionists, by political action preferably, by force if need were."
Another faction in Missouri also supported restoration of the Union, but with conditions and reservations, including granting the extension of slavery westward. Others believed that once the Southern states should be allowed to leave the Union peaceably, as they would soon realize their mistake and petition for restoration to the Union. Blair worked to form an alliance with these so-called "Conditional Unionists" to bolster his numbers.
The first formal convention of the Missouri Unconditional Union Party was held February 28, 1861, in St. Louis. No avowed secessionists were invited; only those political leaders who had openly supported Bell, Lincoln, or Douglas were allowed to participate. The delegates passed a series of resolutions including formally declaring "at present there is no adequate cause to impel Missouri to dissolve her connection with the Federal Union," a move that swiftly was repudiated by the pro-secession faction as having no constitutional validity. As a compromise to the Conditional Unionists, the convention also entreated "the Federal government as the seceding States to withhold and stay the arm of military power, and on no pretense whatever bring upon the nation the horrors of civil war."
Missouri's secessionists failed to garner enough state-wide support to dissolve the Union, so they, under the leadership of Governor Claiborne F. Jackson, broke away and formed a separatist government and eventually took up arms against the Union Army. Pro-Union politicians consolidated their control over Missouri politics as the war progressed and Jackson and his pro-Confederacy Missouri State Guard were forced out of the state. Unconditional Unionist Benjamin Franklin Loan was elected to the 38th United States Congress.
The Unconditional Union Party in other border states.
Similar efforts to Blair's sprang up in other states south of the Mason-Dixon Line where the populations and political leaders were split in their loyalty to the Union. In Kentucky, the Unconditional Union Party emerged as a counter to the pro-secession views of several of the state's more outspoken leaders.
A similar movement was underway in Maryland, where its leaders also advocated the immediate emancipation of all slaves in the state without compensation to the slave owners. With the help of the Federal government and its troops, Maryland's secessionist voices were stilled. The party was not formalized until the summer of 1863 when adherents worked to elect pro-Union candidates at the state and local level, particularly in Western Maryland. Because Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation only applied to slaves in those states in rebellion, and did not include border states such as Maryland, the party shifted its emphasis to the question of freeing slaves locally. The Conservative Union State Central Committee, led by Thomas Swann and John P. Kennedy, met in Baltimore on December 16, 1863. It passed a resolution supporting immediate emancipation "in the manner easiest for master and slave." Supporters included the local military commander, Robert C. Schenck. When the Federal government failed to respond, the Unconditional Union policy held a second similar meeting on April 6, 1864, and again overwhelmingly supported immediate emancipation. General Schenk's replacement, Lew Wallace, supported the resolution.
Following the war, the radical wing of the Unconditional Union Party remained active in pushing its agenda of not allowing former slaves or former Confederates to vote. In their convention in Baltimore in 1866, the radicals pledged to the maintenance of the state constitution of 1864, "which expressly and emphatically prohibits both rebel suffrage and negro suffrage." Henry Winter Davis, a leading voice within the party's radicals, was elected to the 38th United States Congress as a candidate of the UCP.

</doc>
<doc id="20136958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136958" title="Romain Gavras">
Romain Gavras

Romain Gavras (born 4 July 1981 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek French director, best known overseas for directing M.I.A.'s controversial video for "Born Free". His films and music videos often portray a gritty and realistic setting juxtaposed with flashy high energy content. He won two MTV Video Music Awards in 2012 for Best Cinematography and Best Direction, both for the "Bad Girls" video he directed for M.I.A.
Biography.
He is the son of Constantinos Gavras (Costa-Gavras) and co-founder in 1994 of the collective Kourtrajmé with Kim Chapiron, the son of Kiki Picasso.

</doc>
<doc id="20136962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136962" title="Anthony Byrne (disambiguation)">
Anthony Byrne (disambiguation)

Anthony Byrne is an Australian politician.
Anthony Byrne or Tony Byrne may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20136976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136976" title="La Nouvelle branch">
La Nouvelle branch

The La Nouvelle branch () is a lateral branch of the Canal du Midi in Aude, south-central France which runs from the Canal du Midi through Narbonne and on to the Mediterranean. It is composed of three waterways: the first is the Canal de Jonction from the Canal du Midi to the Aude, the second section is of the Aude itself and the third is the Canal de la Robine which enters the Mediterranean at Port-la-Nouvelle. The La Nouvelle branch is designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site as part of the Canal du Midi and is managed by the French navigation authority, Voies navigables de France.
Canal de Jonction.
The Canal de Jonction runs in a dead straight line and was built in 1776 to provide access to Narbonne from the Canal du Midi via the Canal de la Robine. The Canal de Jonction enters the Aude some 800 m upstream from where the Canal de la Robine leaves it. Prior to 1776 the Canal du Midi port for Narbonne was Le Somail, by road from the city centre.
The Aude.
The Aude is only traversed for between the two canals however on leaving the Canal de Jonction it is necessary to navigate upstream first before turning and coming back downstream against the opposite bank to the Canal de la Robine in order to avoid shallows caused by silt banks in the middle of the channel.
Canal de la Robine.
Following its opening in 1681, the commercial success of the Canal du Midi was such that Narbonne traders demanded improved access to it, so in 1686 the Canal de la Robine was constructed by Vauban as a lockless open cut following an abandoned course of the Aude. The northern end of the canal is at the Aude at Moussoulens just south of Sallèles-d'Aude from where goods were transported by land to the Canal du Midi at Le Somail — a journey of approximately . A century later, when the Canal de Jonction was constructed, the Canal de la Robine was straightened and six single locks were built to deal with the more severe gradients, Narbonne finally had direct waterway access to the Canal du Midi.
From the Aude the canal passes through the centre of Narbonne and under the Merchants' Bridge ("fr: le pont des Marchands") which is one of the few bridges in France which is still lined with houses. From there it runs through Bages and the Ile Sainte Lucie nature reserve before meeting the Mediterranean at Port-la-Nouvelle.

</doc>
<doc id="20136979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136979" title="Oneworld Publications">
Oneworld Publications

Oneworld Publications is a British independent publishing firm founded in 1986 by Novin Doostdar and Juliet Mabey to publish non-fiction for general and academic markets. Based in London, it publishes across a wide range of subjects, including fiction, history, current affairs, religion, philosophy, popular science, and psychology. Among the writers on its list are John Hick, Hans Küng, Helen Fisher, Vali Nasr, Richard Foltz, Kevin Bales, Adam Frank, Bill McKibben, Maribel Fierro, Ilan Pappe, Keith Ward, Farid Esack, Mark Boyle, Houshang Asadi, Amina Wadud, John Gribbin, Lise Eliot, Mary Roach, Peter Cave, Mark Vernon, Kieron O'Hara, Jean Sasson, William Poundstone, Daniel Siegel, Susan Blackmore, Barbara Fredrickson, Margaret Mazzantini, Amit Majmudar, Yvvette Edwards and Marlon James.
In 2009 the company launched a fiction list aiming to publish from five to ten titles a year focusing on brilliantly written novels that introduce the reader to a different culture, a historical period/event, or a social/global issue. In July 2011, "A Cupboard Full of Coats" by Yvvette Edwards, a debut British novelist, was long-listed for the prestigious Man Booker Prize. In 2012, Oneworld bought its first permanent office in London, at 10 Bloomsbury Street, Bloomsbury.
Now publishing around 60 titles a year, Oneworld books are distributed worldwide by Random House (GBS) in the UK and Europe, by Publishers Group West in the United States, by Penguin Group in South Africa and South Asia, by Macmillan Publishers in Australia, and by a variety of regional distributors in Latin America, the Middle East, Asia, and the Far East.

</doc>
<doc id="20136984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136984" title="Elderslea">
Elderslea

Elderslea is a suburb of Upper Hutt located in the lower North Island of New Zealand, positioned about a kilometre from the Upper Hutt city centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20136987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136987" title="A Picture of Her Tombstone">
A Picture of Her Tombstone

A Picture of Her Tombstone is a crime novel by the American writer Thomas Lipinski set in 1990s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the story of Pittsburgh private detective Carroll Dorsey, who is making ends meet by tending bar when an old friend tells him about a Mrs. Leneski, who wants Dorsey to find her granddaughter, Maritsa Durant. The quest leads him into a blue-collar neighborhood, a seedy drug underground, and an encounter with a beautiful state cop. 
The novel is the second in a series of four Carroll Dorsey mysteries.
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20136988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136988" title="Mahamet Diagouraga">
Mahamet Diagouraga

Mahamet Diagouraga (born 8 January 1984 in Corbeil-Essonnes, Essonne) is a French-born Malian footballer who last played for Modena.
Biography.
Diagouraga was signed form Bologna in summer 2002. He was farmed to Serie C1 and Serie C2 clubs from Chievo since 2004. During on loan at Gualdo, Sambenedettese and Massese, the clubs also holds half of ownership.
In summer 2008, he joined Modena on loan, from Chievo. In summer 2009 Modena acquired half of the registration rights for €230,000. In June 2011 Chievo gave up the remain rights for free and signed keeper Marco Silvestri.

</doc>
<doc id="20136990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136990" title="Danville High School (Kentucky)">
Danville High School (Kentucky)

Danville High School is a public high school serving the ninth through twelfth grades in Danville, Kentucky, USA. It is one of five schools and the only high school in the Danville School district.
School information.
The student-teacher ratio is 16, which matches the state average of 16. Spending per pupil is $9,310, higher than the state average of $7,639.
The makeup of the student body is 51% male, 49% female, 72% White, not Hispanic, 24% Black, not Hispanic, 3% Hispanic, and 1% Asian/Pacific Islander. 44% of students are eligible for free or reduced-price lunch program.
In 2006 American College Testing (ACT) Statistics were:
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
Danville High School holds a long tradition of excellence in athletics, highlighted by 10 State Football Championships, 10 State Track and Field Championships (3 Boys', 7 Girls'), a number of State Cross Country Championships, and numerous Regional and District titles.
Danville High School competes in the following interscholastic sports:
Clubs and organizations.
Students participate in the following clubs and organizations:
Forensics.
Danville High School's forensics team is nationally recognized for its excellence. Coach Steve Meadows resurrected the team in 1994 after its founding in the late 1940s. Since that time, the team has garnered the Founder's Award at the Catholic National Forensic League National Tournament (2002), the Schwan's School of Excellence Trophy at the National Forensic League National Tournament (2007), five Kentucky High School Speech League (KHSSL) state championships (2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2012), three Kentucky Educational Speech and Drama Association (KESDA) state championships (2008, 2011, 2012), and numerous regional and invitational tournaments. In 2008, it became the only team ever in Kentucky to capture championships in all four major state contests in the same year - KHSSL, KESDA, National Forensic League (NFL) Districts, and Catholic National Forensic League (CFL) Districts. It repeated this unprecedented feat in 2012. The team has produced ten CFL and NFL national finalists. The team has also produced numerous individual event state champions. It holds Chair 214 at the Barkley Forum for High Schools, a national invitational tournament in which it has excelled by producing eleven finalists since 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20136999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20136999" title="Pit fiend">
Pit fiend

In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, the pit fiend is a type of devil.
Publication history.
The pit fiend (greater devil) first appeared under the "devil" heading in the original first edition "Monster Manual" (1977).
The pit fiend greater baatezu appear in second edition in the "Monstrous Compendium Volume Outer Planes Appendix" (1991) under the "baatezu" heading, and next appear in the "Monstrous Manual" (1993). Pit fiends are also detailed under the "baatezu" heading in the first "Planescape Monstrous Compendium Appendix" (1994).
The pit fiend appears under the "devil" heading in the third edition "Monster Manual" (2000), and in the revised 3.5 edition "Monster Manual" (2003).
Description.
The pit fiend is a lord of devils, with great strength and deadly power. As greater devils, they are the personal servants of Asmodeus, and each of them has an individual name.

</doc>
<doc id="20137008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137008" title="Cornugon">
Cornugon

In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, the cornugon (or horned devil) is a type of devil.
Publication history.
The horned devil (malebranche) (greater devil) first appeared under the "devil" heading in the original first edition "Monster Manual" (1977).
The cornugon greater baatezu appear in second edition in the "Monstrous Compendium Volume Outer Planes Appendix" (1991) under the "baatezu" heading, and are also detailed under the "baatezu" heading in the first "Planescape Monstrous Compendium Appendix" (1994).
The cornugon appears under the "devil" heading in the third edition "Monster Manual" (2000), and as the horned devil (cornugon) in the revised 3.5 edition "Monster Manual" (2003).
Description.
The cornugon is a gargoyle-like fiend armed with a spiked chain.

</doc>
<doc id="20137009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137009" title="WXTQ">
WXTQ

WXTQ (105.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Hot Adult Contemporary/Top 40 (CHR) format. Power 105's slogan is "Real Music Variety!" Licensed to Athens, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by WATH.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20137013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137013" title="Erinyes (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)">
Erinyes (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)

In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, the erinyes is a type of devil.
Publication history.
The erinyes (lesser devil) first appeared under the "devil" heading in the original first edition "Monster Manual" (1977).
The erinyes lesser baatezu appear in second edition in the "Monstrous Compendium Volume Outer Planes Appendix" (1991) under the "baatezu" heading, and are also detailed under the "baatezu" heading in the first "Planescape Monstrous Compendium Appendix" (1994).
The erinyes appears under the "devil" heading in the third edition "Monster Manual" (2000), and in the revised 3.5 edition "Monster Manual" (2003).
Description.
The erinyes is a fallen angel that delivers death from her fiery bow. The devilish counterpart to the demonic succubus.

</doc>
<doc id="20137019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137019" title="Gelugon">
Gelugon

In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, the gelugon (or ice devil) is a type of devil.
Publication history.
The ice devil (greater devil) first appeared under the "devil" heading in the original first edition "Monster Manual" (1977).
The gelugon greater baatezu appear in second edition in the "Monstrous Compendium Volume Outer Planes Appendix" (1991) under the "baatezu" heading, and are also detailed under the "baatezu" heading in the first "Planescape Monstrous Compendium Appendix" (1994). The unique gelugon Vreesar appeared in the "Villains' Lorebook" (1998) for the Forgotten Realms setting.
The cornugon appears under the "devil" heading in the third edition "Monster Manual" (2000), and as the ice devil (gelugon) in the revised 3.5 edition "Monster Manual" (2003).
Description.
The gelugon is an insectile horror promising a cold death.

</doc>
<doc id="20137020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137020" title="Erwin Dornau">
Erwin Dornau

Erwin "Doe" Dornau (22 March 1926 – 23 September 2008) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 1940s and early 1950s.
Dornau, believed to be the first native born Queenslander in the VFL, played his early football at Kedron. A centre half back, he represented Queensland at interstate football for the first time in 1946 and starred for them at the 1947 Hobart Carnival, finishing equal second in the Tassie Medal. His efforts in Hobart saw him recruited to South Melbourne and he had a good debut season, gaining eight Brownlow votes.
Dornau died on 23 September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20137026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137026" title="Hamatula">
Hamatula

In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, the hamatula (or barbed devil) is a type of devil.
Publication history.
The barbed devil (lesser devil) first appeared under the "devil" heading in the original first edition "Monster Manual" (1977).
The hamatula lesser baatezu appear in second edition in the "Monstrous Compendium Volume Outer Planes Appendix" (1991) under the "baatezu" heading, and are also detailed under the "baatezu" heading in the first "Planescape Monstrous Compendium Appendix" (1994).
The hamatula appears under the "devil" heading in the third edition "Monster Manual" (2000), and as the barbed devil (hamatula) in the revised 3.5 edition "Monster Manual" (2003). "Savage Species" (2003) presented the hamatula as both a race and a playable class.
Description.
The hamatula is an elite infernal warrior with impaling spikes.
Other publishers.
The barbed devil appeared under the "devil" heading in Paizo Publishing's book "Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Bestiary" (2009), on page 72.

</doc>
<doc id="20137027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137027" title="WXML">
WXML

WXML (90.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format. Licensed to Upper Sandusky, Ohio, USA, the station serves the Mid-Ohio area. The station is currently owned by Kayser Broadcast Ministries and features programing from AP Radio.
History.
The station went on the air as WXML on 1990-10-03. on 1990-11-15, the station changed its call sign to WVZX, on 1991-11-22 to the current WXML,
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20137030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137030" title="Lemure (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)">
Lemure (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)

In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, the lemure is a type of devil.
Publication history.
The lemure first appeared under the "devil" heading in the original first edition "Monster Manual" (1977).
The lemure appear in second edition in the "Monstrous Compendium Volume Outer Planes Appendix" (1991) under the "baatezu" heading, and are also detailed under the "baatezu" heading in the first "Planescape Monstrous Compendium Appendix" (1994).
The lemure appears under the "devil" heading in the third edition "Monster Manual" (2000), and in the revised 3.5 edition "Monster Manual" (2003).
Description.
The lemure is a mindless, tormented creature that attacks in mobs, and is used as cannon fodder in the Blood War.

</doc>
<doc id="20137036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137036" title="Unified Smart Grid">
Unified Smart Grid

Unified National Smart Grid is a proposal for a United States wide area grid that is a national interconnected network relying on a high capacity backbone of electric power transmission lines linking all the nation's local electrical networks that have been upgraded to smart grids. Europe's analogous project is sometimes referred to as the SuperSmart Grid, a term that also appears in the literature describing the Unified Smart Grid.
President Barack Obama asked the United States Congress "to act without delay" to pass legislation that included doubling renewable energy production in the next three years and building a new electricity "smart grid".
Technical features.
High capacity transmission such as current technology 800KV high voltage direct current lines would span the country providing linkages to local electric utilities and distantly located bulk power generation facilities. The national backbone would be intelligent in a manner similar to local smart grid clusters. As local electricity networks are upgraded to smart grids, interactions with the national backbone can become more coordinated. Examples given of the kinds of coordination are that hydropower from the northwest can be dispatched if wind is expected to temporarily subside in the Dakotas. Discretionary air conditioning in California can be turned on if there are strong winds blowing in Delaware.
Long distance interconnections are not new. The 1400 kilometer Pacific DC Intertie between Los Angeles and the Pacific northwest was proposed in the 1930s and initiated by President John F. Kennedy in the 60s. The Pacific Intertie carries up to 3.1 gigawatts on two 500 KV overhead lines. The 1200 kilometer Quebec to New England HVDC line with 2 gigawatts of capacity was constructed in the 1980s. A 5 gigawatt 800KV system is being constructed along the southern provinces of China at a cost of €300 million and is scheduled for completion in 2010
The Unified Smart Grid proposal is not simply a collection of point to point interconnections between regional systems with some communications intelligence. The topology conceptually has many access points with each node being a smart grid that could be a virtual power generation cluster, could be a local electric utility system, or could be a Grid energy storage facility.
Advocacy.
According to advocates, the idea of a national system would do for the US energy economy what Dwight Eisenhower's Interstate Highway System did for efficient distribution of products. Solar power from Arizona would be able to supply manufacturing in Ohio, or evening wind power from the Northeast could be used to supply power peak demand during the day in Nevada. According to leading scientists such as James E. Hansen, construction of such a national grid is essential to any strategy to combat global warming.
According to energy independence advocates such as T. Boone Pickens, it is essential for the U.S. economy and its strategic energy interests. Some advocate the system as a candidate for a massive public works project that would stimulate the US economy after the Global financial crisis of 2008.
The "Unified Smart Grid" is promoted by Alliance for Climate Protection (Repower America program) and Al Gore. The cost estimate by Al Gore is $400 billion and would be recovered by tariffs on transmission. The need for a national bulk transmission grid is detailed in T. Boone Pickens's energy independence plan.

</doc>
<doc id="20137042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137042" title="WXIZ">
WXIZ

WXIZ (100.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Waverly, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Crystal Communications Corporation and features programing from ABC Radio and Jones Radio Network.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20137043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137043" title="Amnizu">
Amnizu

In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, the amnizu (or Styx devil) is a type of devil.
Publication history.
The Styx devil (greater devil) first appeared under the "devil" heading in the original first edition "Fiend Folio" (1981).
The amnizu greater baatezu appear in second edition in the "Monstrous Compendium Volume Outer Planes Appendix" (1991) under the "baatezu" heading, and was also detailed under the "baatezu" heading in the first "Planescape Monstrous Compendium Appendix" (1994).
The amnizu (baatezu) appears under the "devil" heading in the third edition "Monster Manual II" (2002). The amnizu appears in "Fiendish Codex II: Tyrants of the Nine Hells" (2006).
Description.
An amnizu is a short, stocky winged guardian of the gates of the Nine Hells.

</doc>
<doc id="20137044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137044" title="Hey Mr. DJ">
Hey Mr. DJ

"Hey Mr. DJ" is a popular song written by Northern Irish singer Van Morrison and recorded on his 2002 album, "Down the Road". It was released as a single in the U.K. and charted at number fifty-eight. The single includes two popular Morrison compositions as the B-side; both have been included in the compilation album "Still on Top - The Greatest Hits".
Rolling Stone magazine reviewer David Fricke has said this about the song "'Hey Mr. DJ' is a requiem for the one-on-one electricity of pre-Clear Channel radio, swinging with sweet brass and the iconic echo of Sam Cooke's 'Having a Party'."
Recording history.
The song was originally recorded in 2000 with Linda Gail Lewis, intended for an album entitled "Choppin' Wood". Prior to the release of the album, Lewis' contributions to the song were removed and string and vocal overdubs were added.

</doc>
<doc id="20137047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137047" title="Barbazu">
Barbazu

In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, the barbazu (or bearded devil) is a type of devil.
Publication history.
The bearded devil (lesser devil) was first detailed in Gary Gygax's article "From the Sorcerer's Scroll: New Denizens of Devildom," in "Dragon" #75 (TSR, 1983). The bearded devil also appeared in the first edition "Monster Manual II" (1983).
The barbazu lesser baatezu appear in second edition in the "Monstrous Compendium Volume Outer Planes Appendix" (1991) under the "baatezu" heading, and is also detailed under the "baatezu" heading in the first "Planescape Monstrous Compendium Appendix" (1994).
The barbazu appears under the "devil" heading in the third edition "Monster Manual" (2000), and as the bearded devil (barbazu) in the revised 3.5 edition "Monster Manual" (2003).
Description.
A barbazu is a ferocious warrior that frenzies with a saw-toothed glaive.
Other publishers.
The bearded devil appeared under the "devil" heading in Paizo Publishing's book "Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Bestiary" (2009), on page 73.

</doc>
<doc id="20137066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137066" title="Hellcat (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)">
Hellcat (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)

In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, the hellcat is a type of evil creature related to devils.
Publication history.
The hellcat first appeared in the original first edition "Fiend Folio" (1981).
The bezekira (hellcat) appeared in second edition "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" in the "Monstrous Compendium Fiend Folio Appendix" (1992). The hellcat appeared for the Planescape setting in the "Planes of Law" boxed set (1995).
The hellcat appeared in the third edition "Monster Manual" (2000), and the hellcat (bezekira) also appeared in the revised 3.5 "Monster Manual" (2003).
Description.
A hellcat is an infernal, invisible catlike creature the size of a tiger.

</doc>
<doc id="20137071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137071" title="Moby Dick (disambiguation)">
Moby Dick (disambiguation)

Moby-Dick is a classic 1851 novel by Herman Melville.
"Moby Dick" may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20137074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137074" title="Le Volcan interdit">
Le Volcan interdit

Le Volcan interdit is a 1966 French documentary film directed by Haroun Tazieff. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 
The film is set in Zaire, following an expedition exploring the crater of the Niragongo volcano of the Virunga chain, whose eruptions are known for their violence and their massive lava flows.

</doc>
<doc id="20137083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137083" title="A Message to Gracias">
A Message to Gracias

A Message to Gracias is a 1964 "Looney Tunes" cartoon. The title and plot are a reference to the essay "Message to Garcia".
Plot.
The plot of this cartoon involves Mexican Revolutionary mice. Numerous attempts to deliver a message to General Gracias fail when every messenger is caught and eaten by Sylvester. Desperate, Speedy is used to deliver the message. After overcoming several of Sylvester's attempts to thwart him, Speedy delivers the important message to the general--only for it to turn out to be "Happy Birthday" from the other general. Speedy then lets Sylvester free, on the condition he eat the generals (as retribution for the rebels they allowed him to eat).

</doc>
<doc id="20137085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137085" title="Bobi Sourander">
Bobi Sourander

Bobi Sourander (1928–2008) was a Finnish-Swedish author and journalist covering stories in Latin america from 1969 to 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20137094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137094" title="Yunomae Station">
Yunomae Station


</doc>
<doc id="20137104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137104" title="Ebdentown">
Ebdentown

Ebdentown is a suburb of Upper Hutt located in the lower North Island of New Zealand situated about a kilometre from the Upper Hutt city centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20137111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137111" title="Walter Barylli">
Walter Barylli

Walter Barylli is an Austrian violinist who had a distinguished career based in his native Vienna, as Konzertmeister of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra, founder and leader of the Barylli string quartet, and Professor of violin at the Vienna City Academy.
Training.
Walter Barylli was born in Vienna on 16 June 1921. He studied at the Vienna Music Academy with the Philharmonic Konzertmeister Franz Mairecker, and in Munich with Florizel von Reuter, a violinist who had achieved outstanding success early in life. Von Reuter took the fifteen-year-old boy into his own home at Munich so that he could continue his studies without excessive expense to his parents.
Career.
In 1936 Barylli gave his first public performance as a soloist in Munich, and made his first gramophone recordings in Berlin. Over the next two years he made an international career as a soloist. F. Mairecker advised him that in autumn 1938 a first violin desk would become available with the Vienna Philharmonic. Travelling to the audition at Vienna by train from Stuttgart on 12 March 1938 he became aware of the preparations for the invasion of Austria and realised he must make his career with an orchestra rather than as a travelling soloist: he won the place and became a member of the VPO.
During the War he first brought the Barylli Quartet together. He re-founded it in 1945, but its life in public performance lay mainly between 1951 and 1960. The group became the 'home' quartet of the Vienna Musikverein. They performed in Europe and overseas, and made several appearances at the Salzburg Festivals. The group concentrated on classic repertoire, especially Beethoven, Mozart, Schumann, Schubert and Brahms. They collaborated with Antoine de Bavier, Jörg Demus, Paul Badura-Skoda, Edith Farnadi and Wilhelm Huebner.
Barylli won the Kreisler Prize of the City of Vienna He retired in 1973 and taught at the City of Vienna Conservatory from 1969 until 1986. He celebrated his 90th birthday in 2011.
Walter Barylli is the father of actor and playwright Gabriel Barylli (b. 1957).
Students.
Robert W. Eshbach, professor of violin, University of New Hampshire [http://www.violinist.com/directory/index.cfm?teacher=Walter%20Barylli].
Literature.
Walter Barylli: Ein Philharmoniker einmal anders (Memoir), Verlag für photographische Literatur, ISBN 978-3-901239-18-2

</doc>
<doc id="20137113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137113" title="2008 World Music Awards">
2008 World Music Awards

The 20th annual World Music Awards was held on 9 November 2008 in Monaco. Awards are given based on worldwide sales figures for that year. The ceremony was hosted by actor Jesse Metcalfe and singer Michelle Williams.
Nominees.
Below is a list of all the nominees for each award, the winners are in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="20137114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137114" title="Mary Hayden">
Mary Hayden

Mary Teresa Hayden (1862–1942) was an Irish historian, Irish-language activist and campaigner for women's causes.
Mary Hayden was educated initially at the Dominican College, Eccles Street and then at Alexandra College in Dublin. She attended the Royal University of Ireland where she graduated with a BA (1885) and an MA (1887) in Modern Languages. With Agnes O'Farrelly she campaigned for women's rights in the university.
A campaigner for gender equality and noted as a public speaker she was a prominent member of the Irish Women's Suffrage and Local Government Association. She was a member of the Gaelic League and friends with Padraig Pearse. However, she opposed violence and disapproved of the 1916 Rising.
In 1911 she was elected to the senate of the National University of Ireland and in 1915 was appointed Professor of History at University College Dublin, a position she retained until her death.

</doc>
<doc id="20137125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137125" title="Hitoyoshi Station">
Hitoyoshi Station

The name of the Yunomae Line station is officially , which was renamed from Hitoyoshi Station on April 1, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20137135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137135" title="Shadi Abdel Salam">
Shadi Abdel Salam

Shadi Abdel Salam () was an Egyptian film director, screenwriter and costume and set designer.
Born in Alexandria on 15 March 1930, Shadi graduated from Victoria College, Alexandria, 1948, and then moved to England to study theater arts from 1949 to 1950. He then joined faculty of fine arts in Cairo where he graduated as an architect in 1955.
He worked as assistant to the artistic architect, Ramsis W. Wassef, 1957, and designed the decorations and costumes of some of the most famous historical Egyptian films among which are; Wa Islamah, El-Nasser Salah El-Din, Almaz wa Abdu El Hamouly.
Worked as a historical consultant and supervisor of the decoration, costumes and accessories sections of the Polish film (Pharaoh), directed by Kavelorovitch.
Directed the long drama film entitled "The Night of Counting the Years" (Al-Momiaa), 1968–1969, and received many film awards for this work. Also directed the short drama film entitled El-Falah El-Faseeh (The Eloquent Peasant)
Worked as the Director of the Ministry of Culture Center for experimental films, 1970
Wrote the scenario of the long drama film entitled Ikhnatoun and finalized the relevant designs, 1974–1985
Taught at the Cinema Higher Institute of Egypt in the Departments of Decorations, Costumes and Film Direction, 1963–1969
He died on 8 October 1986.
The Night of Counting the Years.
Cast: Ahmed Marei, Ahmad Hegazi, Zouzou Hamdy El-Hakim and Nadia Lutfi. 
Produced in 1969, "The Night of Counting the Years" was released in 1969. The story is based upon the true story of the discovery of 40 Royal Mummies in 1881 in Thebes, the capital of the Pharaonic Empire. For over three thousand years, the mummies had lain undisturbed, until some archaeologists from the Antiquities Department in Cairo noticed that several objects bearing royal names from the 21st dynasty were constantly appearing on the antique black market. They surmise that somewhere in Thebes, someone knows the location of the missing tombs. It happens that this secret has been kept from generation to generation by the chief's descendants among the Horabat mountain tribe. These people have always considered the Royal Cache to be a private source of income on which to draw at times of need. The money had then been divided among the members of the tribe. When the archaeologists arrive to find the tombs, the two sons of the dead tribal chief are thrown into moral chaos, not knowing whether to reveal the secret or preserve what the tribesmen consider to be their natural heritage. The younger son, Waniss, becomes the central figure in the story film.
Al Fallah El Fasseeh.
Produced in 1970, based upon the ancient tale, The Eloquent Peasant, starring Ahmed Marei.
Afaq.
Produced in 1973. This Documentary is reflects the cultural life in modern Egypt.
Goyoush Al Shams.
Produced in 1975, this documentary tries to capture the fresh sense of triumph in the eyes of the Egyptian soldiers after the 1973 war with Israel.
Korssy Tout Ankh Amun Al Zahaby.
Produced in 1982, this docudrama is entitled to spread awareness of the ancient Egyptian heritage.
Al Ahramat Wama Kablaha.
Music by: Georges Kazazian
Produced in 1984, this docudrama is entitled to spread awareness of the ancient Egyptian heritage.
Ann Ramses Al Thany.
Music by: Georges Kazazian
Produced in 1986, this docudrama is entitled to spread awareness of the ancient Egyptian heritage.
The Tragedy of the Great House.
The Tragedy of the Great House, also known as Akhenaten, was to be a historical epic on the reign of the Pharaoh Akhenaton. However, the film was not completed before Abdelsalam's death, owing to his insistence on Egyptian funding; he repeatedly rejected offers from foreign sources (including several generous ones from French backers), insisting that a film on Egyptian history be made exclusively with Egyptian money. Abdelsalam worked on this project for 10 years during which he made 4 rewrites of the script but never decided on a final version of the film and died before completing it, although most of the decorations, scenes, and costumes were finished.

</doc>
<doc id="20137168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137168" title="Hayato Station (Kagoshima)">
Hayato Station (Kagoshima)

Lines.
Hayato Station is served by the Nippō Main Line and Hisatsu Line.
Station layout.
The station consists of one side platform and one island platform, serving three tracks. The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office.
History.
Hayato Station opened on 10 June 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="20137189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137189" title="Adnkronos">
Adnkronos

Adnkronos is an Italian news agency.
History.
It was established in 1963 by a merger of two agencies, "Kronos" (founded in 1951) and "Agenzia Di Notizie" (founded in 1959).
The agency is owned by Giuseppe Marra Communications.
In 2003, it launched its International office (Adnkronos International), with news and reports in Arabic and English, mainly from the Arab world.
The agency also publishes "Il libro dei fatti", the Italian edition of the "World Almanac".

</doc>
<doc id="20137213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137213" title="Garstang Community Academy">
Garstang Community Academy

Garstang Community Academy (formerly Garstang High School) is a secondary school with academy status in the parish of Barnacre-with-Bonds near Garstang in Lancashire, England. It is a coed institution serving children aged 11–16. It is non-denominational and non-boarding. It opened on 21 October 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20137217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137217" title="Canatlán Municipality">
Canatlán Municipality

Canatlán is one of the 39 municipalities of Durango, in northwestern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Ciudad Canatlán. The municipality covers an area of 4686.1 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 29,354.
History.
Having ended the insurrection, Tepehuana clear the way for the monks to return to their base missions on the smoking ruins were new temples were built. On January 29, 1620, the first Jesuit priests arrived in the town of Durango, after the insurrection Tepehuana, built new missions in places where they have previously been established. Franciscan priests built a small plain near La Sauceda, a mission which they named San Diego de Canatlán. And set in 1620 as the foundation of this mission, because that's when the monks came to the region and the Tepehuana was call San Diego, because on November 13 he founded the holy name corresponding to the mission which is Canatlan, a Mexican word meaning "nest of land next to water or nesting ground and water." The oldest document found Canatlán talks the issued on January 3, 1623, and is a certification made by Fray Diego de Espinoza, president of the Convent of San Diego de Canatlán Mission San Diego de Canatlán, was established, according to documents that have been seen in the same place where the present parish church. The earliest description is found about this church, dating from 1755 and it speaks of a new church. As Canatlán is in the foothills of the valley, for many years and since before the town was founded, was called the Valley, (Valle de La Sauceda). Fray Diego de Espinoza, a Franciscan of the Order of San Diego de Alcalá, in front of six Spanish friars of California's High and supported by 30 mestizo families, founded on November 13, 1623, the "Mission San Diego de Canatlán" in the place of the local Catholic church, founded a band room and also an off-farm monastery south of the mission. The mestizos and their families took the name of the population Acaxee located across the hill. The foundation of the houses that made up the crew, took the form of a cross, but the natives took to calling him "Old Alley 30", a name that has prevailed until now, only the variant of "old neighborhood of 30" because growing up he included three lanes and part of the Avenue The Presidio in this city. Given the easy acceptance and deployment of communications, Mission San Diego de Alcalá, soon had more popularity and acceptance that nearby towns and missions, reaching required become the center of trade, post and authority, his name being abbreviated, and was known only to "Canatlán". Mission fell to the convent and church form plot farms, which they added to local dwellings and general trade. When performing studies for the Royal Division of the Territory of the Province of Nueva Vizcaya, the population was registered Canatlán Headend category belonging to the First Quarter Real de la Villa de Durango and with jurisdiction over the missions and settlements nearby to impart knowledge of the authority of the Crown of Spain the Christian doctrine of the Roman Pontiff agree to such minor disagreements between the mestizos and Indians, but without any jurisdiction of the Spanish population, for whom it was only competent authority Real de la Villa de Durango General Governor of Nueva Vizcaya. Following enactment of the 1917 Constitution, on February 5, Canatlán now stands at head of the municipality that bears his name, category preserved until today, taking possession on that date, the first Presidente Municipal Constitucional, Mr. Don Luis Olono Rodriguez that starting with the free development of their people, respect for private property, the desire for beautification of the population, the influx and operation of trade and the actual use of means of transport, railways, trucks and automobiles, the knowledge of many people to the state capital and other capitals of the country, but accused Canatlán slow progress and live in peace and quiet of any town on the Mexican. It was not until 1959, when he suffers another name change: The H. Durango State Legislature approves the Decree number 353, the 30th day of May, which was adopted on 8 October of that year, consequently classified "Canatlán of Apples" to the main town. This name causes confusion with the names of other towns and places of the Republic and the decree had to be repealed and Canatlán back to its old name. His political and social development and the increase in population, converted to the category Canatlán Canatlán Town, to meet the requirements for sanitation, media, economics, etc. and by decree number 127 of the Legislature of the State of Durango, Solemn Proclamation read in Juárez Garden Civic Esplanade on 7 November 1972, taking charge of the ceremony, the city Gámiz Doctor Don Salvador Fernández, Governor Acting state, and in the presence of municipal authorities, some military commissioners, representatives of social or service clubs, unions, trade and general public. In the official newspaper of the Government of the State of Durango on Sunday, August 16, 1987 from page 114, states that on June 20, 1983 was submitted to the Legislature Local Initiative decree for the creation of the municipality No. 39 (Nuevo Ideal).
Which, after being turned over to the respective committee and have met all requirements established by the free Municipality Act, dated July 7, 1987, was published the decree that establishes the creation of the municipality of Nuevo Ideal with a surface 2.039 km ², setting the same decree No. 56, the legal effects of separation from the 1st start. January 1989, the area was segregated housing stock Canatlan.
Location.
Canatlán Township is located between latitude 24° 12'30"and 24° 50'30"north latitude and the meridian 105° 30'15"and 104° 26'45"west longitude, at an average altitude of 2,000 meters above mean the sea. Bordered on the north by the municipalities of Nuevo Ideal and Santiago Papasquiaro, on the south and southeast with the municipality of Durango, on the east by the municipalities of San Juan del Río, and Pánuco Comonfort Conet Coronado, west and southwest by the municipality of San Dimas.
It is divided into 156 localities, of which the most important are: Canatlán, Donato Guerra, J. Guadalupe Aguilera, La Sauceda, El Tule, San José de Gracia and Santa Lucia.
Ethnic groups.
According to the results presented in the Second Census of Population and Housing in 2005, in the municipality live in a total of 77 people who spoke an indigenous language.
Education.
In the town there are the infrastructure of social benefit, which serve to provide education at various levels such as 40 in kindergarten, 62 primary, 26 secondary schools, 2 middle school, 3 high schools, one normal and one commercial academy.
Health.
The health care is provided by the IMSS, SS, ISSSTE, DIF and private clinics. In rural care covers the SS, IMSS, as well as the units of IMSS-Solidaridad.
Housing.
Urban concentration is given in the municipal, developing some programs to promote housing with government support. The municipality has 7.129 housing; home ownership is private, relying mostly with the basic services of urban support. The type of housing construction is of mud and brick.
According to the results presented in the Second Census of Population and Housing in 2005, the township has a total of 7.130 households out of which 7.047 are private.
Public services.
The town offers its residents the services of electricity, water and sewer, parks and gardens, street lighting, recreation center, sports, market, cemetery and public safety.
7.129 There are occupied homes, of which 90% have running water and electricity and 43% drain. Plant has a waste water treatment in use, with installed capacity of 33.00 liters per second and the volume sought to 708.684 meters of timber annually.
The municipality has 264.1 kilometers of roads, 96.7 kilometers paved, 152.9 km of rural roads and 14.5 kilometers covered improved breaches, has an airfield with a runway length of 1.500 meters.
There is a telegraph office, two microwave stations and 7 receiving earth stations and 25 post offices.
The existing municipal market, supplies 75% of the towns, the city administers the services of park and gardens, public buildings, sports and recreational units, monuments and fountains.
Landmarks.
Hacienda La Sauceda, colonial style, built by the Jesuits in the seventeenth century. Parish Canatlán colonial style, built in the eighteenth century and rebuilt twice, the first in the early nineteenth century and the second in 1914. Helmet Guatimapé hacienda and church in ruins, colonial style, the eighteenth century, municipal presidency in 1934 and school J. Guadalupe Aguilera, colonial, with adaptations carried out at the beginning of this century.
Museums.
There is a community museum in the Commonwealth of Gomelia in which most of the new exhibition are remnants of pre-Hispanic cultures, such as arrows, points of obsidian, pottery and a skull taken from a cave that was believed was a ceremonial center, among others.
Fiestas, dances and traditions.
Festivals
Since 1950 takes place between 23 and 30 September of the Apple Fair in Canatlan, at the initiative of Mr. Francisco Treviño Martínez then mayor, helping in the organization by Mr. Baltazar Espinoza, Don Pedro Flores, and Ms. Victoria Villareal Reyes.Is fair, now is regional and is held from 12 to 16 September.
Legends
Those who speak of the treasures of the Earl of Súchil.
Customs and Traditions
On March 1 they worship the Divine Shepherd.
Music
Canatlán Township, has the "Corridos of Canatlan"
Crafts
Ceramics "Canatlán" is a red striped pottery first appeared on stage Tunal River by the year 1100 AD and continued being used for 1150-1350. Its origin is uncertain.
The early experiments with red decoration on pots simple brown color can represent a first approach to the ceramic group. However, the local decor suggests a common design on the straps that are used to carry water jars.
In this way and others, as much as Canatlán is a repeat of red on tan male culture of the Loma de San Gabriel, appear to have been particularly close during Tunal River and have resulted in the development of Canatlán red list.
Food: Cheese and butter, roast beef Canatlán style, green chile stew of the Mennonite settlements adjacent to New Ideal, making pork carnitas special recipes of the region.
Candy: Caramel apple and fibula.
Beverages: Canned apple juice.
Rationalization policy.
For the election of Deputies of the State FPTP is divided into 15 single-member districts, the municipality belongs to the District VI Canatlán letterhead and also municipal Canatlán includes the municipalities of Canatlán, San Juan del Río and Comonfort Conet. The number of proportional representation councilors in the municipalities are assigned according to the following pattern:
In Canatlán, Cuencamé, Guadalupe Victoria, Mapimí, Name of God, Poanas, Pueblo Nuevo, San Dimas, Santiago Papasquiaro, Tamazula and Tlahualilo, elected new aldermen.
The town belongs to the Federal Electoral District No. I
Government.
The government in Canatlan based on a county. The government can be very similar to the United States one, but runs different. Municipal regulations based on the Constitution of the United Mexican States. The municipality has its headwaters in the City of Canatlán of Apples, is political representation through the Honorable City Mayor composed of 1, 1 Municipal Trustee, 1 Town Clerk and 9 aldermen. Canatlan government system is similar to the United States. For example, like Aldermen have districts.
Rivers.
These rivers run either along Durango and though Durango.
Religion.
Research shows that 67% of Canatlan is Catholic Christian, 10% Jehovah's Witnesses, 15% Evangelical and 18% Jewish.
Traditions.
Notable among them the Apple Fair in September each year, Religious Celebration of the Divine Shepherd in the community of La Sauceda, is held the first Friday of March. Conclusion on behalf of the patron saint (San Diego de Alcalá) of the City of Canatlán in November. The legends of Count Suchillos chest, the bench of the municipality and ceramic handicrafts.
Weather.
Most of the township has a semi-cold climate, the annual average temperature of 15.4 °C

</doc>
<doc id="20137222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137222" title="Yoshimatsu Station">
Yoshimatsu Station

The station opened in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="20137229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137229" title="Santa Cruz Valley Unified School District">
Santa Cruz Valley Unified School District

The Santa Cruz Valley Unified School District #35 (SCVUSD) is a school district based in Santa Cruz County, Arizona. The students enrolled in the district reside in Rio Rico, Tumacácori, Tubac and Amado.
Schools.
Elementary schools.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20137247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137247" title="Pagoda House">
Pagoda House

Pagoda House (, "Beit HaPagoda") is an Eclectic Style building in central Tel Aviv built in 1924. It was the first private residence in Tel-Aviv to have an elevator, installed to accommodate the Polish ambassador who resided on the third floor.
The building, located at King Albert Square on the corner of Nahmani and Montefiore streets, was designed by the architect Alexander Levy. Over the years, the building fell into disrepair. In the 1990s, it was purchased by an American businessman who restored it. The Pagoda House was built during the architectural boom of the 1920s. It was inspired by a cafe in the United States, combining Oriental and Western style elements.

</doc>
<doc id="20137256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20137256" title="HGFC">
HGFC

HGFC can refer to:

</doc>
