<doc id="20528819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528819" title="Umberto Menin">
Umberto Menin

Umberto Menin (born 1949) is an Italian painter and plastic-artist. He was born in Padua. From 1980 to 1992 he was titular professor of Padua's "Laboratorio di Grafica d'Arte", on via Zabarella.
Personal site.
Umberto Menin [http://www.umberto-menin.com]

</doc>
<doc id="20528822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528822" title="Podbreg, Kamnik">
Podbreg, Kamnik

Podbreg is a small settlement above the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
On a hill above the village stands a church dedicated to Saint Nicholas with wooden Baroque altars, a painted wooden ceiling, and frescoes from the second half of the 18th century. The church used to be fortified against the Ottoman raids and one defense tower is still visible.

</doc>
<doc id="20528839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528839" title="Alec Dickson">
Alec Dickson

Alexander Dickson (23 May 1914 – 23 September 1994) founded Voluntary Service Overseas (VSO) in 1958, an organization created to send volunteers to developing countries. The first volunteers went to Sarawak, Ghana, Nigeria and Zambia.
On leaving VSO in 1962, Dickson formed Community Service Volunteers, which focused on UK-based volunteer projects.
Dickson married Mora Robertson in 1951. He became a MBE in 1945 and a CBE in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="20528840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528840" title="Bernard Tilakaratna">
Bernard Tilakaratna

Bernard Tilakaratna, SLOS (1927–2004) was a senior diplomat and bureaucrat of the Sri Lankan government. He was an ambassador to many countries and prior to retirement was the permanent secretary to Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Early life.
He was born on December 8, 1927 in Sri Lanka and schooled at St Thomas' College, Mount Lavinia. He then enrolled into the University of Ceylon, where he obtained his B.A. Degree.
Diplomatic career.
He joined the Ceylon Foreign Service in May 1951. In various capacities, he served in the Sri Lanka Foreign Ministry and missions abroad.
Tilakaratna was in India during the height of the terrorist conflict in Sri Lanka and had to negotiate with the Indian Government on many occasions. In Thimphu, Bhutan, he attended peace talks with the terrorist organisation, Liberation Tamil Tigers Eelam (LTTE)
He was appointed as Foreign Secretary to the Ministry of Sri Lanka, which he served under President Premadasa. He was the first Foreign Secretary to be appointed from the ranks of career diplomats of the Sri Lanka Foreign Service.
Family.
His daughter is married to the son of another well known Sri Lankan civil servant, Bradman Weerakoon.
Death.
He died on 30 September 2004 from a long standing illness (Lymphoma).

</doc>
<doc id="20528841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528841" title="Gene Elliott">
Gene Elliott

Eugene Birminghouse Elliott (February 8, 1889 – January 5, 1976) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. Ellitott played for the New York Highlanders in the season. In 5 career games, he had 1 hit, in 13 at-bats, a .077 batting average. He batted left and threw right-handed. 
Elloitt was born in Fayette County, Pennsylvania and died in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20528844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528844" title="Ribbit (telecommunications company)">
Ribbit (telecommunications company)

Ribbit was a telecommunications company based in Mountain View, California. It was acquired by BT Group on 2008-07-29 for $105 million.
On August 10, 2011, Ribbit announced it was closing most of its external-facing operations and developer program within a couple of months. 
The company’s goal was to make voice communications a programmable feature, one that can be easily added to Web pages and software applications. Its competitors included IntelePeer and Jajah.
History.
Ribbit was founded on February 23, 2006 by Ted Griggs, Crick Waters, Peter Leong, and Ramani Narayan. The company received a total $13 million in funding from venture capitalists Alsop-Louie Partners, Allegis Capital and KPG Ventures. Ribbit officially launched on December 17, 2007. BT Group then acquired the company on July 29, 2008 for $105 million. The company made its platform for application developers public in November 2008.
Technology.
Ribbit offered a platform that allowed application developers to interact with telephone networks. Through its APIs and soft switch (a software telephone switch) technology, developers could add voice communications and text messaging capabilities to Web pages and software applications using familiar programming tools. Ribbit's soft switch supported many voice protocols, such as SIP, Skype, and Google Talk’s XMPP.
Products & Services.
Ribbit Platform was a multiprotocol, cloud-based environment for programmable communications. Developers, ISVs, and carriers could use Ribbit Platform tools and APIs to add voice, SMS text messaging, and other communications features to any Web page or application. Developers could directly access Ribbit’s global phone network using Flex, Flash, Java, PHP, .Net, Silverlight, and other familiar programming tools.
Ribbit Mobile was a software service built on the Ribbit Platform that linked landline and mobile phones to the Internet, allowing people who use the service to manage all their calls and messages in one place. Voicemail messages were automatically transcribed and sent to users as email and SMS texts. Ribbit Mobile worked with users’ existing phone numbers. Ribbit Mobile also allowed users to make calls directly from their computers.
Ribbit for Salesforce was a software service built on the Ribbit Platform that linked mobile voice communications to email, SMS text messaging, and Salesforce CRM. Ribbit for Salesforce was voted “Best Mobile App of 2008” by Salesforce customers. Sales professionals could use Ribbit for Salesforce to save voicemail, email, SMS text messages, voice memos, and recorded meeting notes in Salesforce and automatically map communications to sales contacts and opportunities. Voicemail messages were automatically transcribed so they could be easily read, saved, searched, and forwarded.
Bring Your Own Network (BYON) was a program that allowed telecommunications carriers to offer Ribbit Mobile and Ribbit for Salesforce to their customers as an add-on service. In addition, the program enabled carriers to use Ribbit Platform tools and APIs to develop new consumer services based on Ribbit’s global phone network. Carriers could use Ribbit to avoid long development lead times, staff, and equipment costs associated with rolling out new services.

</doc>
<doc id="20528874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528874" title="Patrick O'Byrne (Irish politician)">
Patrick O'Byrne (Irish politician)

Patrick Joseph O'Byrne KM (August 1870 – 20 January 1944) was an Irish republican revolutionary and Sinn Féin politician. 
Politics.
O'Byrne was elected unopposed as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 2nd Dáil at the 1921 elections for the Tipperary Mid, North and South constituency. 
He opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted against it. He stood as an anti-Treaty Sinn Féin candidate at the 1922 general election but was not elected. He did not follow Éamon de Valera who split from Sinn Féin in 1926 to found the Fianna Fáil party to enter the Dáil.
Title and family.
He was the son of was John O'Byrne of Corville, County Tipperary (who had originally been granted the title of Count by the Pope) and his mother was Eleanor von Hübner, the daughter of Austrian diplomat Count Joseph Alexander Hübner. He was a direct descendant of Edward Byrne (1739/40-1804), a wealthy Dublin merchant and Chairman of the Catholic Convention which campaigned for Catholic rights, and his son John Dominick Byrne, who was a member of the United Irishmen.
Patrick O'Byrne married Bernadette Boland in Sneem, County Kerry in 1897. His brother-in-law was John Pius Boland, the Home Rule MP for South Kerry. O'Byrne died in 1944 and is buried in St. Cronan's graveyard, Roscrea, County Tipperary.

</doc>
<doc id="20528879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528879" title="John Ritchie (merchant)">
John Ritchie (merchant)

John Ritchie (ca 1745 – July 20, 1790) was a Scottish-born merchant and politician in Nova Scotia. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1783 to 1785.
He was born in or close to Glasgow and came to Boston, Massachusetts in 1770, moving to Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia several years later. Around 1775, he married Alicia Maria Le Cain. He joined the militia company formed at the start of the American Revolution, becoming captain in 1779. In the same year, he was named justice of the peace. He was taken hostage in 1781 during an American attack and released some time later. He was elected to the provincial assembly in a 1783 by-election held after Phineas Lovett was unseated for non-attendance. When he ran for reelection in Annapolis township in 1785, he was defeated by Stephen De Lancey. In 1786, he was named a justice in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas. Ritchie died at Annapolis Royal.
His grandson William Johnstone Ritchie later served as chief justice of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20528897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528897" title="Podgorje, Kamnik">
Podgorje, Kamnik

Podgorje () is a settlement that is a now a suburb of the town of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas. It is a Baroque church from the 18th century that was built at the site of a former Gothic church from the 16th century. It is a subsidiary church of the Parish of Kamnik.
Mass graves.
Podgorje is the site of four known mass graves from the period immediately after the Second World War. The Podgorje 1–4 mass graves () are located on Golaš Hill in the hamlet of Zaprice, in the northwest part of the settlement. The first grave is on the east side of the hill, on a path in the woods at the top of a small rise north of the Medved farm (Podgorje no. 5). It contains the remains of six people shot in May or June 1945 while fleeing from the prison camp near the railroad tracks. Graves two through four are on the south slope of the hill, all along the same path. Grave two is east of a water catchment installation, grave three on the slope of a sinkhole, and grave four at the top of a small rise. They contain the remains of murdered Ustaša officers from the prisoner of war camp in Kamnik.

</doc>
<doc id="20528907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528907" title="Ronda del Guinardó, Barcelona">
Ronda del Guinardó, Barcelona

Ronda del Guinardó is one of the rondes of Barcelona, somewhere between an inner ring road and a district avenue crossing Guinardó, in the Horta-Guinardó district of Barcelona.
Basically the same thoroughfare as Travessera de Dalt, or an extension of it, it becomes Ronda del Guinardó around Plaça d'Alfons el Savi. It cuts Guinardó in half and ends at Plaça de Maragall. The other major avenue in the area is Avinguda de la Mare de Déu de Montserrat, not far from it but further north.
References.
The writer Juan Marsé wrote his book "Ronda del Guinardó in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20528917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528917" title="Menin (title)">
Menin (title)

In "Ancien Régime" France, a menin () was one of six gentlemen who were particularly attached to the person of the dauphin. They were also known as "gentilshommes de la manche". The word originates in the Portuguese word "menino" (masculine) or "menina" (feminine, as in the title of the Vélasquez painting "Las Meninas"), meaning small or cute, where it denoted a young nobleman made a companion to the royal children. The word was used in France for the first time in 1680 when the household of the Grand Dauphin was set up. 
Holders of this office during the Ancien Régime included marquis de Dangeau, the marquis de Mimeure and the comte du Muy. The Bourbon Restoration saw the return of many old court offices, and the duc d'Angoulême (dauphin from the accession of Charles X in 1824) also had menins, including the marquis d'Osmond.

</doc>
<doc id="20528924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528924" title="Zhangzhou Normal University">
Zhangzhou Normal University

Zhangzhou Normal University () is a public university located in Zhangzhou, Fujian, China.
Location.
Zhangzhou Normal University is located in Zhangzhou, Fujian Province, a city on the west coast of the Taiwan Straits.
History.
The university was founded in 1963 as the Fujian No.2 Normal College. In 1986, with the approval of the State Education Committee, the former Fujian No.2 Normal College was renamed as Zhangzhou Normal University. In 1992, the university was authorized to confer bachelor degrees, and in 2000 it was among the first batch of normal colleges and universities in passing the qualification evaluation by the Ministry of Education in the teaching of undergraduates. In 2003, it was authorized to confer master degrees after passing the evaluation by the Academic Degree Appraisal Committee of the State Council, and began to take in candidates of master degrees. In 2008, Zhangzhou Normal University received a straight-A score in the undergraduate level Teaching Appraisal organized by the Ministry of Education.
Administration structure.
Staff.
Zhangzhou Normal University has 1,257 total faculty and staff, among whom 878 are full-time professional teachers including 236 professors or associate professors.
Faculty structure.
The university currently consists of 18 departments or schools such as the Department of Chinese Language and Literature, Department of Foreign Languages and Literature, Department of Mathematics and Information Science, and School of Overseas Education. The school has 47 undergraduate programs and 12 master programs in total.
Student.
The university’s matriculation is open to students from all over the country and from abroad. It has a total enrollment of 25,699: 17,892 full-time undergraduate students, 148 master students, and 7,659 adult education students.
Campus.
Zhangzhou Normal University covers a total area of , with a total floor space of . The universities library contains 1,265,000 books and 1,108,000 electronic books and periodicals.
Research.
Zhangzhou Normal University has set up 26 research institutes such as the Fujian-Taiwan Cultural Research Institute, the Educational Science Research Institute, the Applied Psychology Research Institute, the Applied Chemistry Research Institute, and the Human Resources Research Institute. It has two provincial laboratories, one provincial humanities and social sciences base.
The university has hosted international and domestic academic symposiums such as the International Symposium of Chinese Style of Metrical Composition, the International Symposium of General Topology and the International Symposium of Lin Yutang Study.
Since 2004, the university has been permitted to set up 450 scientific research projects, among which 6 are state-funded projects of natural sciences, 3 are state-funded projects of social sciences and 3 are humanities and social sciences projects funded by the Chinese Ministry of Education, and 12 are projects awarded as prizes for achievements in scientific research at the provincial and ministerial levels. 2,631 theses were published in academic journals domestically and abroad with 134 pieces included in SCI, EI and ISTP.

</doc>
<doc id="20528929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528929" title="Lebanese Military Museum">
Lebanese Military Museum

The Lebanese Military Museum (Arabic: المتحف العسكري "Al Mathaf al-askari") is part of the Lebanese Armed Forces and dedicated for the preservation of old Lebanese military antiques. The museum is currently located at the Ministry of National Defense, in Yarzeh.
History.
The idea of establishing a military museum dedicated to the Lebanese Army emerged during the post-independence period, after the Lebanese authorities had supported the Lebanese military units, who were formerly enlisted in the French Army. Following the evacuation of foreign troops stationed in Lebanon (August 1, 1945), the Army Command ordered, in 1974, the establishment of a committee responsible for documenting the history of the Lebanese army and the preservation of its heritage.
Since 1948, the Army Command began the collection and storage of old equipment, weapons and military uniforms. A year later, contacts between the Army Command and the directorate of antiques (of the Ministry of Education) enabled the Army Command forward the idea of establishing a military museum, with a view of assembling the military history in its possession. The proposal won approval and support of the Director of antiques, Emir Maurice Chehab. Thus, contacts were established between the parties concerned, namely the directorate of the antiques at the Ministry of Interior and the municipality of Beirut through the Ministry of Education to assign an area of 2600 m2 south of the current museum in the eastern part of Beirut racetrack. The new building, which was to be attached to the National Museum, was called "The Museum of the Middle Ages and the Army" and exhibited medieval and contemporary objects.
Contacts continued in the 1950s and early 1960s of the last century, until the Council of Ministers approved the construction of the museum, and entrusted the implementation of construction projects, in agreement with the Ministry of National Defense and the Ministry of Education. As a result of numerous studies, construction began in the summer of 1968 and the structure was built with funds allocated to the museum (LBP 1,000,000). The work was interrupted a year later due to necessary appropriations for the Department of National Defense. In the 1970s, the site became under the stewardship of the Directorate General of the ruins.
In 1977, the building was leased to the Lebanese University, by a decision from the council of ministers, to become the seat of the rector and the university administration (until 1998). In that year, a new building was built near the Ministry of National Defense in Yarzeh, however, the limited size of the building did not permit the storage of all the old equipment, military uniforms and others. Some of the content remained stored at the Museum of Fayadieh military school, and the rest in the fortress of Rashaya in the region of West Beqaa, while being connected to the main military museum in the Ministry of National Defense. Finally, the military museum was annexed to the directorate of orientation and regarded as one of its departments.
Stored material.
The old weapons constitute a major element in the museum, with swords and axes hanging on the walls. In addition the place includes old pistols, photos and paintings, with some dating back to the Ottoman rule. The copy of the original bronze icon "Qana, the celebration of martyrdom", designed by the artist Michel Sakr who later enrolled in the LAF. The icon was depicted shortly after the Israeli bombing of Qana, commemorating the martyrs who were killed during the April War of 1996. It was inaugurated in Byblos, then transferred to the Parliament where it was fixed and given "the shield of Qana".
In addition, the museum preserve a historic petition, carved on wood and signed by 41 Lebanese officers following the proposal of Captain Jamil Lahoud, declaring the sole service under the Lebanese national flag. This petition was made after the division of the French army in 1941, and the participation of units of the Free French Forces under the command of General Charles de Gaulle in war against Germany and Italy. This has let, in the summer of 1941, the joint forces of the Free French and British forces to attack the Vichy French troops positioned in Syria and Lebanon, through Palestine. French forces stationed in Syria have resisted against the invasion of the allies, with the participation of Lebanese and Syrian forces that were subject to this command at the time. This arrangement has prompted the Lebanese opposition of officers, heads of Lebanese gunmen, who considered that Lebanon should not interfere in disputes between the parties, and that the soldiers should defend their borders against any enemy.
Other texts, in the museum, include among them the text on the Battle of Malkieh when Lebanese, Syrian and Iraqi, with the Yugoslav volunteers drove the Israeli forces from the town of Malkieh on May 16, 1948. Similarly, the museum includes gifts, shields, certificates of appreciation offered to the Lebanese army, and other.
As for the modern military history, it also has its own share, through memorandums of service and exemption, including three: The first is decree no. 3, issued on November 28, 1989 concerning the exemption of General Michel Aoun, its mission and the appointment of Brigadier General Émile Lahoud commander of the army. The second was a memorandum issued on June 13, 1991, serve to absorb nearly 6,000 party members in the Lebanese army and ISFs and their open training camps. While the third is a legislative decree 102/83 and its amendments ensuring that all Lebanese are subject to military service.
Location.
Located near the main entrance of the Ministry of National Defense in Yarzeh, the museum is marked by a landmark, an enormous tower of beige concrete and weaponry. Designed and gifted to Lebanon in 1995 by an artist called “Arman,” on the accompanying plaque, the imposing monument, with over a score of tank barrels protruding from its side, is entitled “The Hope for Peace.” Just opposite stands the statue of the immortal, which was inaugurated on 22 November 1996, in memory of the LAF martyrs, and a plaque positioned on the museum's forecourt with the inscription "The Military Museum-Yarzeh" (prepared on 9 October 1998, under the patronage of General Émile Lahoud, the former commander of the army). The oval building includes 2 rooms with several levels and a lower lounge. The museum's opening hours are from 8:30 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. from Monday till Friday.

</doc>
<doc id="20528940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528940" title="Podhruška">
Podhruška

Podhruška (in older sources also "Podhruško", ) is a settlement on the Nevljica River at the Kamnik end of the Tuhinj Valley in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20528960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528960" title="Bilyanska">
Bilyanska


</doc>
<doc id="20528961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528961" title="AAC Netheravon">
AAC Netheravon

AAC Netheravon is a Army Air Corps base located northeast of Amesbury, Wiltshire, England and southeast of Devizes, Wiltshire.
It is currently home to 7 Regiment AAC(Volunteers).
History.
No. 1 Flying Training School.
On 15 May 1919 No. 8 Training Depot Station turned into No. 8 Training Squadron which then turned into the Netheravon Flying School on 29 July 1919 and finally into No. 1 Flying Training School on 23 December 1919.
During the Second World War on 1 September 1939 the school was renamed No. 1 Service Flying Training School but was disbanded on 7 March 1942.
First World War.
The following units were based at Netheravon during this time:
Inter war years.
The following units were based at Netheravon during this time:
Second World War.
The following units were based at Netheravon during this time:
Post war.
The following unit was based at Netheravon during this time:
Army Air Corps use.
The following units were based at Netheravon at some point under the command of the AAC:
Units.
The following units were based at Netheravon at some point:
Current use.
The site is now home to No. 7 Regiment AAC (Volunteers).

</doc>
<doc id="20528962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528962" title="Talite Liava'a">
Talite Liava'a

Talite Liava'a is a former international representative rugby league footballer. His position of preference was at prop forward.
Representative career.
Liava'a is one of a handful of players to have played in two World Cups, representing Tonga in 1995 and 2000. At the 1995 World Cup he was twenty four and playing for the Litchfield Bears when picked by coach Mike McClennan.
Playing career.
After his exposure in England at the 1995 Rugby League World Cup Liava'a signed with the Swinton Lions, playing in the lower divisions of English Rugby League. He returned to Australia, playing for the Balmain Tigers in the National Rugby League in 1998. He was not resigned for the 1999 season and moved to Mackay. He joined the Auckland Warriors mid-way through the season and stayed for the 2000 season. At the end of the year he was one of many players not re-signed by the new owners.
He later played for Perpignan in France.

</doc>
<doc id="20528964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528964" title="Master Blaster (ThisGirl song)">
Master Blaster (ThisGirl song)

"Master Blaster" is the second single to be released from ThisGirl's album "Uno". The single was released on November 1, 2004. 
The single is available both on CD and 7" Vinyl. 
Track listing.
The tracks "Master Blaster" and "Angel" are included on both the CD and 7" Vinyl, but the CD also includes two more tracks, "Plaster Caster" and a live version of "Don't Be a Kite".
"Angel" is a cover of the song by Massive Attack.
"Plaster Caster" is an acoustic version of "Master Blaster".
Music video.
The music video for "Master Blaster" was directed by Armando from Retro-juice productions.

</doc>
<doc id="20528994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528994" title="Jacques-Louis de Valon">
Jacques-Louis de Valon

Jacques Louis Valon, Marquis de Mimeure (19 November 1659, Dijon - 3 March 1719) was a French soldier and poet.
Menin to Louis, Dauphin of France (1661–1711), he entered on a military career and became lieutenant général. Louis XIV of France promoted the territory of Mimeure to a marquisate around 1697 for him.
He wrote many verses which were not printed. Backed by the François Louis de Bourbon-Conti, Madame de Montespan and Nicolas Boileau, he was elected to seat 3 of the Académie française on 2 December 1707. His acceptance speech is said to have been written by Antoine Houdar de la Motte. Valon's last known literary work is a 1715 ode in imitation of Horace. The rue de Mimeure in his birthplace is named after him

</doc>
<doc id="20528997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20528997" title="Borikovo">
Borikovo


</doc>
<doc id="20529023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529023" title="The Little Troll Prince">
The Little Troll Prince

The Little Troll Prince: A Christmas Parable is a 1987 animated holiday-themed special for television produced by Hanna-Barbera. Backed by the International Lutheran Laymen's League, it has strong Christian themes of unconditional love, self-sacrifice, and redemption, with a substantial Protestant influence. The story was a written parable script for the Christmas special with a lesson about the feeling of joy and love in one's heart, that can lead one from a cruel world to a light-hearted world.
Synopsis.
In a Norwegian mountain village, children play under the shadow of a sinister mountain of the trolls. In one small cottage, a gnome named Bu (voiced by Danny Cooksey) is happily decorating his own home with Christmas decorations, aided by mice and birds. He explains to the viewers that the Christmas season doesn't really start for him until the arrival of the Christmas tree, at which point two girls and their father return to the cottage dragging a tree on a sleigh. When the humans set the tree up in their home below, the uppermost branches are pushed through a hole in the attic to form a miniature tree for the gnome. He quickly decorates the tree, topping it with a minuscule Bible.
Bu explains that while humans and gnomes love Christmas, trolls do not. He explains that trolls live high in the mountains because they fear our world — to them, all that is good is bad, all that is right is wrong and that Christmas is scarier than Halloween. They have no word for "love", and do not believe in God. He adds that he knows all this because the previous year he not only lived among the trolls, but was their crown prince. The film turns to the previous December. Bu narrates how his father, the two-headed King Ulvik (voiced by Vincent Price and Jonathan Winters), could grow so angry that storms would sweep across Norway.
Ulvik is shouting at his wife Queen Sirena (voiced by Cloris Leachman) for having given him the insulting news that Bu is failing his lessons at Sinister School. Sirena waives his anger displaying an obvious favoritism for her younger sons the two-headed Borch (voiced by Rob Paulsen and Laurie Faso) and the two-headed Prag (voiced by Neil Ross and Frank Welker). Ulvik accuses the queen of having passed on bad genes to Bu (noting that the prince, like his mother, has only one head). Sirena rebuffs this by pointing out Bu's lack of grotesque features, like his father. It was also mentioned that Bu is the oldest of Borch and Prag but doesn't look like he's older than them. She claims that his innocent looks and unassuming personality will lead to a revolt if he remains crown prince. Ulvik decides that he will have to teach his son to be a brat, blaming the modern school system for lack of discipline.
In Sinister School, Professor Nidaros (voiced by Don Knotts) teaches his class to cause disorder, inflict pain, and follow the Troll Golden Rule: "Do unto others before they do unto you" ("Sinister School"). His lesson is interrupted by Ulvik, who arrives to test his sons' educations. While Prag demonstrates his understanding of humans (that they kill trolls for sport), and Borch demonstrates a knowledge of troll conduct (that those who are different should be avoided at all costs), the king only cares about Bu's learning. The crown prince timidly answers his father's questions, taken from the Troll Bible, correctly (reciting the Troll Golden Rule, his belief in growing more "evil and disgusting day after day", and that he is heartless and selfish), but finishes by politely asking to return to his seat. Upon hearing Bu utter the words "thank you", Ulvik begins shouting at his son accusing him of profanity and disgrace at which Bu begins to cry. Infuriated with Bu showing tears, Ulvik sends the class fleeing at his rage.
Later, the young trolls make good on their lessons, ruining each other's fun in the winter weather. Bu sits alone in the palace courtyard, hurt by his father's tirade while Ulvik is scolding Professor Nidaros for not making Bu bad enough. A dimwitted troll named Ribo (voiced by Michael Bell) tells Borch and Prag that they should eat their eldest brother, making Prag the new crown prince. A devious bull-headed troll named Stav (voiced by Charlie Adler) suggests that the princes do not have the nerve to deal with Bu, to which they protest that the king would kill them if they hurt the troll prince. Based on a rumor that the humans are currently involved in something strange (hanging wreaths on their doors and lights on their eaves), the four trolls devise a plan to trick Bu into venturing to "People-land", in the hopes that he will get killed by humans while investigating. They tell Bu that the humans may be planning an invasion of the Troll Kingdom, and that as prince it is his duty to investigate. While Bu is at first hesitant (believing the expedition to be a trick and fearing the humans), he is inspired by the thought that uncovering the humans' plot will make his father proud.
Summoning his courage, Bu decides to lead the four trolls to People-land in spite of his timidity, facing the trollish fears of humans and those who are different ("Down From the Mountain"). Their first obstacle down the mountain is the Troll Bridge, which is made of rotting ropes held together by frost. Though the trolls hope Bu will fall (saving them the trouble of actually going to People-land, which they do fear), he makes it safely across and the five continue down the mountain, encountering two rabbits and a squirrel (which, by comparison, are extremely large). Finally they arrive in a small Norwegian mountain village. Venturing to the nearest cottage, Bu witnesses a woman baking and eating gingerbread men. Mistaking them for flattened, cooked trolls, Bu flees the scene in horror, telling his companions to run for their lives.
Though the trolls believe Bu, they tie him to the top of a tree near a ledge of the mountain on their way back to the kingdom. Bu pleads with his brothers to rescue him, but they mock him for using the word "please" and leave him to the mercy of the humans. Two young girls, Kristi (voiced by Ami Foster) and Sonja (voiced by Christina Lange) come with their father (voiced by Vincent Price) to find a Christmas tree. Choosing the tree to which Bu is bound, they chop it down and haul it onto their sleigh, singing a carol ("Sleigh Bells in December").
While decorating the tree at home, the two sisters discover Bu, whom they take for a gnome based on his friendly appearance. Avoiding their questions, Bu demands to know more about them, confused by the good nature of their song versus his knowledge of humans. As the girls explain caroling and Christmas, Bu is confused by the word "Christ". After Kristi mentions the Bible, Bu is curious to see what humans use (having been raised on the Troll Bible himself). Sonja reads Luke 2:10–11, prompting Bu to ask what "savior" means. After learning that Christ is sent to "love the whole world" (and having the concept of "love" explained), Bu asks if "the whole world" includes him. Kristi and Sonja, taking him for a gnome, don't hesitate to say yes. When he questions God's love for trolls, the girls affirm that, as evil as they may be, God must love them ("God Loves All He Made"). As he listens, to Bu's shock his heart begins to beat for the first time in his life. Sonja finds a miniature Bible used as an ornament and gives it to the prince.
As Bu begins to read, the house tremors and winds howl outside. Horrified, he runs to the window and realizes the king's messenger, Malfred (Alvy Dorman), has been sent by his father to retrieve him. Bu frantically tries to help Kristi and Sonja escape, but realizing they have no place to go but their home, he leaves them to find Malfred before the messenger finds them. As he runs into the mountains, Bu realizes he finally understands love. Manifested as a ruinous, fiery-eyed monster of the wind, Malfred freezes the awaiting Bu and carries him to a cell in the palace prison.
As Bu wanders confused in his cell, he hallucinates of Kristi and Sonja before realizing they are gone. Remembering them brings to mind his Bible, however, which Bu begins to read, discovering the true Golden Rule. He falls asleep reading Luke, but is roused by the reawakening of his heartbeat. As he finally accepts that Sonja and Kristi must be right, two giant troll guards remove him from his cell and take him to a public trial. As the crowd accuses him of sedition and mocks his appearance, Ulvik explains that Bu has been brought before the Council of Elders (six identical trolls) to determine whether he is fit to remain crown prince. Borch and Prag have testified against Bu by lying, claiming he attempted to push them off the Troll Bridge. They add that he tied them to trees and bragged of spying for the humans, which horrifies the crowd and Bu's parents. Finally Borch concludes that the humans plan to cook and eat the trolls, at which Queen Sirena accuses Bu of trying to kill her "babies".
Ulvik protests that there is no evidence against his son, but Krill (voiced by Michael Bell) the prosecuting attorney charges Bu with heresy while Stav points out that Bu is at least guilty of desertion. Agreeing that if Bu has committed heresy than he is guilty, Ulvik encourages his son to prove his knowledge of "Trollship", at which Sirena accuses her husband of favoritism. The king proceeds to ask his son the same questions he had asked him previously in Sinister School. Bu, however, recites the biblical Golden Rule, his belief in Jesus, and that he has a heart full of love. As he speaks, he fails to notice his nose shrink, his tail disappear, and his ears lose their points.
Not understanding what Bu is saying, but recognizing its contradiction to the Troll Bible, the court accuses him of blasphemy. Irate, the king not only strips Bu of his princeship, but disowns him and leaves him to the mercy of the crowd. Bu escapes amid the confusion and heads down the mountain in a snow storm. Discovering that the former prince has escaped, Sirena fears that he will lead the humans to the Troll Kingdom and begs Ulvik to retrieve him. The king, however, depressed by the loss of his favorite son, assures his wife that Bu has never been a traitor and will not cause them any trouble. He tells Sirena to let him go as "it's all over." Having eavesdropped on their parents' conversation, Borch and Prag find Stav and Ribo and head out armed into the night to kill Bu.
Lost in the wilderness, Bu laments that he has no home since he is neither a troll nor a human ("I'm So All Alone"); he finds shelter by a tree and falls asleep. Meanwhile, the murderous trolls are chased back up the mountain by a fox, the Troll Bridge crumbling behind them and trapping them in the Troll Kingdom. As they flee, they are watched warily by a gnome named Bjørn (voiced by William Christopher) and his wife (voiced by B.J. Ward). Discovering Bu at the base of their treehouse, Bjørn ventures down to see if he is another troll, but proclaims that he must be a traveling gnome. As Bu protests, he catches his reflection in a slab of ice and sees that he is no longer trollish. Bjørn asks Bu to stay in the valley to help out the other gnomes with their work. After Bu learns that he is in the village where Kristi and Sonja live, Bjørn takes him to their cottage. Back in the present, Bu readies himself for bed. He explains that while his story may sound like a fairy tale, the story of Jesus is not. He falls asleep as the Star of Bethlehem shines outside.

</doc>
<doc id="20529025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529025" title="Kosi embankment">
Kosi embankment

The Kosi embankments were built in late 1950s to retain the Kosi River which is a transboundary river between Nepal and India and is one of the largest tributaries of the Ganges.It was conceputalised during the first Bihar Government of CM Shri babu and his deputy Anugraha Babu. 
According to the agreement with Nepal, the responsibility of maintaining these embankments was vested in the Government of Bihar. 
History of breaches.
1963 : The inaugural breach had to be faced on the western embankment in Nepal in 1963 near the village Dalwa. Binodanand Jha of the Congress Party was the chief minister and the responsibility of the breach was passed on to rats and foxes that dig holes in the body of the embankments through which water seeps and the embankment fails. The other reason for the failure was given that because of the bad road conditions, the boulders could not be brought to the site.
1968 : Then came the breach of 1968 at five places in Jamalpur (Darbhanga). This was caused due to the highest flow of ever recorded in the river but an enquiry held by the Chief Engineer – Floods of CWC, P N Kumra revealed that the failure was once again caused by the rats and foxes. The state was under the President’s Rule then.
1971 : The Bhatania Approach :Bundh that was constructed in 1968-69, collapsed between 10th to 19th kilometer below Bhimnagar in 1971 and many villages were washed away but eastern embankment had not breached.
1980 : The next incident occurred in 1980 near Bahuarawa on the eastern embankment in Salkhua block of Saharsa district near 121st kilometer below Bhimnagar. The river eroded the embankment in about 2 kilometers reach but just after eroding, it receded very fast and did not spill onto the countryside. The state was ruled by Dr Jagannath Mishra of Congress Party then.
1984 : In 1984, a tragedy as bad as Jamalpur struck the eastern embankment near Hempur village in the Navhatta block of Saharsa district, 75 kilometers below the Bhimnagar barrage. It had uprooted half a million people and had engulfed 96 villages in 7 blocks of Saharsa and Supaul districts. People could go back to their villages only after the Holi festival of 1985 when the breach got plugged. The breach was repaired at a cost of Rs. 8.2cr. Bindeshwari Dubey of Congress Party was the Chief Minister.
1991 : In 1991, there was a breach in the western embankment near Joginia in Nepal that led to a political crisis in Bihar and the Water Resources Minister of the state had to resign his post. This resignation was never accepted by Lalu Prasad Yadav who was the Chief Minister of the state then. This was a repeat performance of Bahuarawa breach where the river had receded after eroding the embankment.
2008: see 2008 Bihar flood

</doc>
<doc id="20529045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529045" title="Louis Cousin">
Louis Cousin

Louis Cousin, le président Cousin (; 21 August 1627  – 26 February 1707) was a French translator, historian, lawyer, royal censor and president of the cour des monnaies. 
Cousin was born and died in Paris. He was the third member elected to occupy seat 3 of the Académie française in 1697.

</doc>
<doc id="20529053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529053" title="Bostina">
Bostina


</doc>
<doc id="20529064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529064" title="Michael Casson">
Michael Casson

Michael Casson OBE (2 April 1925 - 12 December 2003) born in London, was an English studio potter, referred to as "respected and charismatic".
He studied art and woodwork at Shoreditch College, and ceramics at Hornsey College of Art., and was one of the founding potters of the Craft Potters’ Association, a co-operative that acquired a shop and gallery in central London in 1958.
In 1976, Casson devised and presented "The Craft of the Potter" for the BBC a series that involved practical demonstrations and discussion about the craft of the potter.

</doc>
<doc id="20529072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529072" title="Szentgyörgymező">
Szentgyörgymező

Szentgyörgymező (German: Georgenfeld, meaning: "St. George's field") is the northern part of the city of Esztergom in Hungary, on the right bank of the river Danube. It was a separate village until 1895, when it was merged with the "Royal Esztergom" as 4th district, along with neighboring Víziváros and Szenttamás. In the northern part of Szentgyörgymező lies a military cemetery, where 604 Hungarian and 175 Austrian soldiers of the 1848 revolution are buried. This is the biggest cemetery of the 1848 revolution.
History.
The "St. George's provostry" was founded by Saint Stephen. The village was first mentioned in 1230. The baroque Roman Catholic church was built in 1785 on the site of the previous church, and the neoclassical Miklósffy-chapel - the cemetery chapel - was built in 1835. The village itself was a property of the archbishop of Esztergom. The Reading circle was founded in the 19th century, and still functions as the cultural centre of the district. In 1854 Szentgyörgymező was merged with Esztergom for the first time, but in 1868 they were separated by the wishes of Esztergom county. In 1891 the village had 325 households and had 2698 Hungarian inhabitants. In 1895 it was merged with Esztergom for the second - and final - time as the 4th district of Esztergom. Most of the people were wine-growers, 80% of them were living from agriculture, and Szentgyörgymező has kept its rural appearance. In the 1980s ruins of 10-12th century houses were discovered and excavated. László Paskai, cardinal of Hungary, former Archbishop of Esztergom lives here.

</doc>
<doc id="20529081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529081" title="Bukata, Bulgaria">
Bukata, Bulgaria


</doc>
<doc id="20529093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529093" title="Bruce Building">
Bruce Building

The Bruce Building may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20529103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529103" title="Sammes">
Sammes

Sammes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20529120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529120" title="Transfield Shipping Inc v Mercator Shipping Inc">
Transfield Shipping Inc v Mercator Shipping Inc

The Achilleas or Transfield Shipping Inc v Mercator Shipping Inc [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKHL/2008/48.html UKHL 48 is an English contract law case, concerning remoteness of damage.
Facts.
Transfield Shipping was a charterer. It hired use of Mercator's ship, "The Achilleas". Transfield was meant to have the ship for five to seven months, and return it no later than midnight, May 2, 2004. Mercator contracted to let the ship to another charterer (Cargill International SA) on May 8, 2004 at $39,500 a day for four to six months. But Transfield did not return the ship until May 11. With two weeks to go they got a job to carry coals from Qingdao, China across the Yellow Sea to Tobata and Oita, Japan. Since it was returned late, the new charterer, Cargill, agreed to take the ship, but only at $31,500 a day, since the freight market had fallen sharply.
The question was how much Transfield should pay to Mercator for returning the ship late. Transfield argued they should only pay an amount reflecting the difference between the first contract rate and the market rate for daily hire during the delay, at the market rate prevailing then. This would make $158,301.17. Mercator argued Transfield should pay the amount they had lost on the new chartering contract because of the late return, which adding up the cost over the months would be $1,364,584.37.
Judgments.
Arbitration.
The arbitrators of the case, by a majority, decided in favour of Mercator. They held that the loss from getting a lower price on the next chartering contract was within the first rule in "Hadley v Baxendale" as arising "naturally, i.e. according to the usual course of things, from such breach of contract itself". It fell within that rule because it was damage "of a kind which the when he made the contract, ought to have realised was not unlikely to result from a breach of contract [by delay in redelivery".
The dissenting arbitrator, however, concluded that a reasonable person in Transfield's position would not have understood he was assuming liability for the risk of the type of loss that occurred. The shipping market's general understanding was that liability was restricted to the difference between the market rate and the charter rate for the period of lateness and 
"any departure from this rule likely to give rise to a real risk of serious commercial uncertainty which the industry as a whole would regard as undesirable".
Court of Appeal.
The Court of Appeal upheld the arbitrators' ruling. Transfield appealed again.
House of Lords.
The House of Lords allowed Transfield's appeal, holding unanimously that the loss of profits in the next charter was not within the rule in "Hadley v Baxendale". However, their Lordships divided on the interpretation of the rule.
Lord Hoffmann (with whom Lord Hope gave a concurring judgment) noted that it had always been assumed that damages for late delivery were the difference between market and charter rate. As to the core issue in this case, he said this.
"The case therefore raises a fundamental point of principle in the law of contractual damages: is the rule that a party may recover losses which were foreseeable ("not unlikely") an external rule of law, imposed upon the parties to every contract in default of express provision to the contrary, or is it a prima facie assumption about what the parties may be taken to have intended, no doubt applicable in the great majority of cases but capable of rebuttal in cases in which the context, surrounding circumstances or general understanding in the relevant market shows that a party would not reasonably have been regarded as assuming responsibility for such losses?"
He stated that the majority of arbitrators had applied too crude a test of what the type of foreseeable loss was. The industry's common understanding was crucial to "Hadley v Baxendale". The question was not simply, what was a probable loss, but what the parties had in mind, or what was in their contemplation, regarding the nature of the business transaction. He noted Goff J's statement in "Satef-Huttenes Albertus SpA v Paloma Tercera Shipping Co SA (The Pegase)" Lloyd’s Rep 175, 183, asking what a reasonable person would have thought his responsibility was.
“The test appears to be: have the facts in question come to the defendant’s knowledge in such circumstances that a reasonable person in the shoes of the defendant would, if he had considered the matter at the time of making the contract, have contemplated that, in the event of a breach by him, such facts were to be taken into account when considering his responsibility for loss suffered by the plaintiff as a result of such breach.”
Lord Hoffmann said one should look at "the background of market expectations". the question was if short delay, resulting in extraordinary loss was
"sufficiently likely to result from the breach of contract to make it proper to hold that the loss flowed naturally from the breach or that loss of that kind should have been within [Transfield's] contemplation".
In this case it was not. It was contrary to the principle in "Victoria Laundry (Windsor) v Newman Industries" to think that Transfield was going to be liable for any loss, however enormous when it had no knowledge or control over what contract Mercator might be making next. To work out what is "in the parties contemplation" and what is not, Lord Hoffmann said, 
"the only rational basis for the distinction is that it reflects what would have been reasonable and have been regarded by the contracting party as significant for the purposes of the risk he was undertaking."
On the nature of the "contemplation" rule, Lord Hoffmann said the following,
"I agree that cases of departure from the ordinary foreseeability rule based on individual circumstances will be unusual, but limitations on the extent of liability in particular types of contract arising out of general expectations in certain markets, such as banking and shipping, are likely to be more common. There is, I think, an analogy with the distinction which Lord Cross of Chelsea drew in "Liverpool City Council v Irwin" AC 239, 257-258 between terms implied into all contracts of a certain type and the implication of a term into a particular contract... It seems to me logical to found liability for damages upon the intention of the parties (objectively ascertained) because all contractual liability is voluntarily undertaken. It must be in principle wrong to hold someone liable for risks for which the people entering into such a contract in their particular market, would not reasonably be considered to have undertaken."
Lord Hope agreed. He noted Blackburn J said in "Cory v Thames Ironworks Co" saying if the damage were exceptional and unnatural it would be harsh to make a party liable for it, because had he known he would have pushed for more time in the first place.
Lord Rodger and Baroness Hale on the other hand, decided the case on the more narrow ground, that the rule in "Hadley" was simply a question of what is foreseeable or ‘likely’. Lord Rodger said at ,
‘it is important not to lose sight of the basic point that, in the absence of special knowledge, a party entering into a contract can only be supposed to contemplate the losses which are likely to result from the breach in question - in other words, those losses which will generally happen in the ordinary course of things if the breach occurs. Those are the losses for which the party in breach is held responsible - the stated rationale being that, other losses not having been in contemplation, the parties had no opportunity to provide for them.’
Lord Walker agreed with everyone.

</doc>
<doc id="20529130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529130" title="Arlington Nelson Lindenmuth">
Arlington Nelson Lindenmuth

__NOTOC__
Arlington Nelson Lindenmuth (also A.N. Lindenmuth) (1856–1950) was an American landscape and portrait painter who lived and painted in Allentown, Pennsylvania and the Lehigh Valley region of the United States. He is a member of the Baum Circle, the group of artists either taught by, associated with, or directly influenced by Pennsylvania impressionist painter Walter Emerson Baum.
Lindenmuth was also one of the earliest professional photographers in the Lehigh Valley, and for many decades he owned and operated a successful photography studio, located on Sixth Street in Allentown, directly across the street from the Lyric Theatre. As early as 1882, he was also employed as a traveling sales representative for Eastman Kodak.
He studied painting under Peter Alfred Gross, who was his wife's cousin, and also in Europe. His paintings were exhibited in New York City and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and his murals can be seen in Allentown's Phoebe Retirement Home, Cathedral of Saint Catharine of Siena and Asbury Methodist Church. Lindenmuth was also a member of the Salmagundi Club.
Lindenmuth would later teach painting to students, including John E. Berninger, out of his photography studio. 
In 1912, Lindenmuth also put forth a proposal for the establishment of the Allentown Art Museum. He became adept at the public promotion of the arts, both through local newspapers and his well-trafficked photography studio. His studio also served as exhibition space for local artists, including Orlando Gray Wales, who held his first exhibit there in 1912. The Fine Arts Club of the Lehigh Valley held their first exhibition in Lindenmuth's studio in 1922, and Walter Emerson Baum included his paintings in these exhibitions starting in 1923.
One of his sons, Raphael Tod Lindenmuth, also became an artist of note.

</doc>
<doc id="20529149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529149" title="Max George (footballer)">
Max George (footballer)

Max George (born 4 January 1952) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in three states, for Fitzroy of the Victorian Football League (VFL), Swan Districts and Central District.
George had a strong start to his VFL career, kicking five goals on his debut, against Essendon at VFL Park, setting a new club record. He followed it up with a four goal haul when Fitzroy defeated Richmond the subsequent weekend and finished the year with 20 goals.
Before arriving at Fitzroy for his single season stint, George played with Swans Districts in the Western Australian National Football League (WANFL) from 1969 to 1975. A full-forward, he topped their goalkicking in 1969, 1973 and 1974. His tally of 90 goals in 1974 was enough to win him the league’s leading goalkicker trophy, the first Swan Districts player to do so. During that season he put in one particularly memorable performance against West Perth when he kicked fourteen goals, still a Swan Districts club record. George, who took many good overhead marks, represented Western Australia in three interstate matches, for 11 goals, and was in their squad for the 1975 Knockout Carnival. In 1977 he took the field for Geraldton and then crossed to Central District in South Australia.
The full-forward spent three seasons at Central and was their leading goalkicker in 1978 with 68 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20529155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529155" title="Paul-Philippe de Chaumont">
Paul-Philippe de Chaumont

Paul-Philippe de Chaumont (1617 – 24 March 1697, Paris) was a French prelate. He was the second member elected to occupy seat 3 of the Académie française in 1654.
From an old family in Vexin where he was count of Chaumont, he was the son of a conseiller d'État, the author of many theological works as well as the king's librarian. A relation of Pierre Séguier and a relation via his mother of the three Haberts (Philippe Habert, Germain Habert and Henri-Louis), Paul-Philippe succeeded his father as king's librarian, having joined the royal library as king's reader. Although he had not yet written any works himself he was elected a member of the Académie française in 1654. Becoming bishop of Dax in 1671, he resigned this post in 1684 so he would be freer to devote himself to studies, although continuing to preach. Jean Chapelain said of him that "he had nothing lacking in his spirit, and had a great grasp of language and preached boldly and easily."
In 1685, he presided over the session of the Académie which pronounced the exclusion of Antoine Furetière. In 1693, he published a two volume work entitled "Réflexions sur le christianisme enseigné dans l'Église catholique". According to the abbé d'Olivet, this treatise's style "responded no less to its author's quality as a historian than the subject responded to his character as a bishop."

</doc>
<doc id="20529164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529164" title="Stephen De Lancey">
Stephen De Lancey

Stephen De Lancey (December 1738 – May 1809) was a lawyer and political figure in New York state and Nova Scotia. He represented Annapolis township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1784 to 1786. His surname also appears in some sources as de Lancey, DeLancey or Delancey.
He was born in West Farms, New York, the son of Peter De Lancey, who was the son of Etienne DeLancey, and Elizabeth Colden. He studied law and later moved to Albany. De Lancey married Esther Rynderts. From 1765 to 1766, he served as clerk for the city and county of Albany. In 1770, he was named a masters in the provincial chancery court. He was elected to the Albany committee of correspondence in 1775. In 1776, because of his loyalist sympathies, he was stripped of his posts and deported to Hartford, Connecticut. In 1783, he moved to Nova Scotia with his family. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in a by-election held in 1783 and was elected again in 1785. In 1786, he was named to the province's Council. His brother James replaced him in the provincial assembly. De Lancey died in Annapolis at the age of 70.

</doc>
<doc id="20529192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529192" title="Nordic Institute of Dental Materials">
Nordic Institute of Dental Materials

The Nordic Institute of Dental Materials AS (NIOM AS) is the Nordic Cooperative Body for dental biomaterials. The Institute’s activities in research, materials testing, standardisation and research-based consulting are directed towards dental health services and health authorities in the Nordic countries. The Institute is owned jointly by UniRand (a wholly owned subsidiary of the University of Oslo) and the Norwegian Ministry of Health and Care Services. Activities are financed by the Nordic Council of Ministers and the Nordic ministries for health services. Materials testing and consulting services also generate income.
As a joint Nordic resource center, NIOM collaborates with dental schools and research institutions and provides services to government health authorities, dental professionals, and the public in the Nordic countries in the field of dental biomaterials. 
History.
NIOM was established in 1972, as a joint Nordic institute located close to Ullevaal Stadium in Oslo. A programme for testing and certification of dental biomaterials on the Nordic market was established, and the first lists of certified materials were published in 1974. Products were tested every year, and the Nordic health authorities required, or strongly recommended, that dentists used NIOM certified products. In 1992, the laboratory obtained official accreditation for testing dental biomaterials. These testing and certification activities continued until 1998 when the European Medical devices directive came into force, introducing a new, joint European regulatory scheme for the certification (CE marking) of medical and dental biomaterials and devices. 
Today, the Institute maintains its competency in the accredited testing of dental biomaterials, and promotes this activity with manufacturers and regulatory bodies. 
Before 2004, had the responsibility as a Notified Body for the use of the CE mark on dental products. 
The provision of an accredited laboratory service to industry, health authorities and other parties remains one of NIOM's core activities.
On January 1 2010 NIOM’s status changed from a Nordic Institute to a Nordic Co-operative Body. This means that ownership of NIOM is transferred from the Nordic Council of Ministers to UniRand a.s. (an arm of the University of Oslo) and the Norwegian Ministry of Health and Care Services to create a proprietary company, Nordic Institute of Dental Materials (NIOM). NIOM continues the work with the same staff and professional services.
Research.
Research is a major part of the portfolio of work at NIOM. The institute collaborates with universities and research centres in dentistry, medicine and materials science in the Nordic countries and worldwide. Research underpins both standardization activities and the information and recommendations provided to health authorities, the dental profession and the public. Projects include material characterization and properties, biocompatibility and clinical performance.
Services for dental professionals.
NIOM provides evidence- and research-based information on dental biomaterials and medical devices to dental personnel, health authorities and to the public. This is promulgated through articles in the Nordic dental journals, journals for dental technicians, KDM-reports (Kunskapscenter för Dentala Material, http://www.socialstyrelsen.se/tandvard/dentalamaterial) and a continuous updating of the NIOM website. There is ongoing work on a register of dental products ("DMN" - Dentala Material Norden, http://dmn.bolder.se/).
NIOM also provides on-line services, E-mail and telephone, related to dental biomaterials.
Testing and consulting services.
NIOM carries out testing according to relevant product standards and according to selected methods as requested by the client. Third party audits secure the highest quality of this service. NIOM offers consulting services in questions related to dental biomaterials. Every enquiry and assignment is treated as strictly confidential. Consultancies cover questions related to properties, performance, safety and development of dental biomaterials.
Standardization.
NIOM has for many years contributed to standardization at an international level both through the International organization for Standardization - ISO and within Europe through the Comité Européen de Normalisation (CEN). Development of new standards and revision of existing standards have been the main focus. Standards in dentistry set requirements for the properties of dental materials and dental instrumentation, and prescribe procedures for the testing of dental materials. Participation in standardization work for dental products and for biocompatibility in general allows NIOM to have an influence on test methods and requirements for dental products. NIOM has had, and still has, a major impact on the selection of methodology and requirements of the dental product standards, and the requirements are often based on results from research activities at NIOM.
International standardization is organized in different Technical Committees (TC), each dealing with a specific field of interest. Each committee is again divided into smaller subcommittees and working groups devoted to different topics of the field. Scientists from the institute are technical experts and conveners of working groups within the following technical committees: ISO/TC 106 Dentistry; ISO/TC 194 Biocompatibility of medical devices; CEN/TC 55 Dentistry, and CEN/TC 206 Biocompatibility of medical and dental materials and devices. Standards Norway (SN) is the national member body in the European and International standardization organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="20529201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529201" title="Michel de Marolles">
Michel de Marolles

Michel de Marolles (22 July 1600, Genillé - 6 March 1681, Paris), known as the abbé de Marolles, was a French churchman and translator, known for his collection of engravings. He became a monk in 1610 and later was abbot of Villeloin (1626–1674). He was the author of many translations of Latin poets and was part of many salons, notably that of Madeleine de Scudéry. He is best known for having collected 123,000 engravings (bought from him in 1667 by Colbert for Louis XIV for 28,000 livres) - this acquisition is considered the foundation of the cabinet of engravings in the royal library, though it was only constituted as a department in 1720.

</doc>
<doc id="20529237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529237" title="Windigo Lake">
Windigo Lake

Windigo Lake is a freshwater lake located in north central Wisconsin in the Town of Bass Lake, Sawyer County, United States, in township 40 north, range 9 west. The lake is irregular in shape, with numerous peninsulas and bays, and is approximately one mile in diameter. Windigo Lake is in size (including islands) with a maximum depth of and a shoreline of . The lake does not have an obvious inflow or outflow stream and is classified as a seepage lake, i.e., a lake without an inlet or an outlet.
Windigo Lake is approximately six miles south of the city of Hayward, the primary commercial and retail center of the area. The shore of the lake is principally occupied by seasonal lake cabins and homes. There is one public boat landing on the southeastern shore of the lake. Windigo Lake is a popular resort area, drawing cabin owners and visitors from the Minneapolis-St. Paul, Milwaukee, and Chicago metropolitan areas.
Origin of Name.
Windigo Lake is named after the Indian term "Windigo" (sometimes spelled Wendigo) which is a mythological cannibalistic creature in Ojibwa and Ottawa folklore. However, the lake has not always been referred to as "Windigo Lake." Schoolcraft, in the report of his expedition through this area in 1831, called it "Lac des Isles," which means "Lake of the Isles" in French. Captain James Allen who accompanied Schoolcraft on the expedition in the following year (1832) to the source of the Mississippi River produced a detailed map of the northern Minnesota/Wisconsin area after that trip. On this map he labeled Windigo Lake in English as "Lake of the Isles." The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources lake map for Windigo Lake gives "Bass Lake" as an alternative name for the lake; and an article from the Sawyer County Historical Society also indicates that Windigo Lake was formerly known as "Bass Lake."
History.
Prior to European exploration, the area of Windigo Lake was inhabited by the Ojibwa Indians. The first known visit by Europeans to the area was around 1660. Pierre-Esprit Radisson and Médard des Groseilliers traveled from Chequamegon Bay on Lake Superior southward through the area in 1659 and stayed for a period at an Indian village that has been identified as being located on nearby Lac Courte Oreilles.
Windigo Lake was apparently well traveled by Indians and early traders and explorers who used it as part of the route from Lac Courte Oreilles in the Chippewa River watershed, through Grindstone Lake and Windigo Lake and over the Namekagon Portage, to the Namekagon River in the St. Croix River watershed. A later explorer, Jonathan Carver, passed through the area in 1767 and traveled through what the editor identifies as Windigo Lake on June 29, 1767 on his way from the Indian village on Lac Courte Oreilles to the Namekagon River. The area was later visited by Henry Schoolcraft in 1831 who described crossing from the St. Croix River watershed to the Chippewa River watershed by ascending the Namekagon River, crossing the Namekagon Portage, and passing through Windigo Lake (called by him Lac des Isles) and Grindstone Lake (called by him Lac du Gres) to Lac Courte Oreilles.

</doc>
<doc id="20529240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529240" title="Bukatsite">
Bukatsite


</doc>
<doc id="20529247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529247" title="RAF Holmpton">
RAF Holmpton

RAF Holmpton is a former Cold War era nuclear bunker that was built in the 1950s as an early warning radar station. Located just south of the village of Holmpton, in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England, RAF Holmpton is still (2013) a part of the Defence Estate (DIO) but is managed by the RAF Holmpton Preservation Society Registered Charity 1143594 In 2004 a major Public Exhibition opened at the site which now hosts regular public tours of the fully restored Cold War Bunker. 
Between 2003 and 2009 RAF Holmpton was restored by the Holmpton Initiative Project Planning Office (HIPPO) which took on the original project as an Independent Finance Initiative at absolutely no cost to the UK taxpayer. In 2010 HIPPO completed its work and maintenance of the site passed to the Joint Support Unit. In August 2011 the JSU closed and The site is now maintained by the Royal Air Force Holmpton Preservation Society (RAFHPS) Registered Charity Number 1143594.
The site runs to about and comprises a number of surface structures along with a secure command bunker which is about below ground.
History.
The Bunker Design type R3-M2 (R3=Rotor Bunker Design R3 - M2=Including 2 additional mezzanine floors) was first built in 1951-3 and started life as an early warning radar station, part of the ROTOR program. An R3-M2 is a larger version of the standard UK R3 Bunker and RAF Holmpton was the only example of this type of structure in the UK as 1: It combined several Radar functions in the one building and 2: was a prototype for three similar bunkers built in Europe during the Cold War. The Bunker is set in an excavation of about , it is encased in of solid concrete all round with tungsten rods providing additional stability to the outer shell. The shell is then encased in brickwork and lined with pitch to form a waterproof membrane. Between the top of the bunker and the surface there is a concrete burster slab inserted to provide a deflection of any incoming ordnance. In the late 1960s it became a Master Comprehensive Radar Station trialling the Ericsson 'Fire Brigade Auto Intercept Radar System' and later going on to house a massive Elliott & Plessey computer system for the 'Linesman Radar Project' All Radar functions at the site eventually closed in 1974 and for the next few years the site was used for training. In the 1980s the Bunker was converted to form the new Emergency War Headquarters for RAF Support Command However with the ending of the Cold War in 1991 this function ceased and the site returned to training until 1994 when it was given a major refurbishment to become the first experimental (trialling) headquarters for the new UK Air CCIS system Electronic Warfare Advanced Communications System. This function remained at RAF Holmpton until 2002 although the CCIS Operations Room, known as AREA 7 remained intact until the end of July 2012. Throughout its years as a Radar Station and through the years of Support Command & CCIS, the site also contained an operations area for the Royal Observer Corps (ROC) and although the Corps was 'stood down' in 1992 with some ROC units remaining as NBC cells until the end of 1995, one last Monitoring Unit remained at RAF Holmpton until December 1997, during the planning and implementation of a new electronic monitoring system. This made RAF Holmpton the very last place in the UK where any members of the Royal Observer Corps ever served, and is a unique part of the site's history. In 1997 this project was abandoned and the site was then maintained under contract until 2003 by AQUMEN Defence. During this time it was used for occasional training by the RAF Regiment & the TA. In 2003 management of the site passed to HIPPO (The Holmpton Initiative Project Planning Office) and plans were soon underway for a public exhibition which opened to visitors in 2004.
It is also worth mentioning that between 2003 & 2008 the site also housed the Defence Archive Unit which held plans and documents relating to cold war sites throughout the UK. In 2008 the majority of the archive was transferred to another organisation and is currently being digitised for publication on the web. The remainder of the Archive Unit then operated as a consulting facility finally closing on 1 November 2010 (cutbacks) with any last historic documents being passed to the National Archive in Kew.
1951 to 1953: Construction.
1953 to 1974: Operating as a Radar Station.
1974 to 1984: Used for Training.
1984 to 1991: RAF Support Command HQ.
1991 to 1994: Used for Training.
1994 to 2001/2: UK Air CCIS Experimental HQ.
2002 to 2003: Care & Maintenance.
2003 to 2004: HIPPO starts restoration Project.
2004: Public Exhibition Opens.
2009: HIPPO completed its restoration works and all maintenance of the site passed to the Joint Support Unit. 
2010: Public tour and exhibitions extended into new areas. Ownership of all the historic collections passed to the RAF Holmpton Preservation Society.
2011: Further improvement works were completed for the 2011 Visitor Season, including a much improved public tour along with two new cinemas, enhanced features and a new RAF Holmpton Multiscreen Show. In August the RAF Holmpton Preservation Society became a registered charity. 
2012: The visitor season closed (early) at the end of August to allow work to start on a major refit of the site. This will bring an entirely new public tour in 2013 opening up areas of the bunker never before seen by visitors - including the long forgotten original 'Heart of the Bunker' and the just decommissioned Area 7. There will be new interpretations, films and demonstrations. This is scheduled to start on 23 March 2013. 
2013: An entirely new PUBLIC TOUR opens this year, and for the very 1st time visitors will be able to visit the long forgotten 'heart of the bunker' that once housed the original twin level 1950's operations room - The new tour will then head up to the formerly secret 3rd floor of the bunker revealing for the 1st time AREA 7 where the UK Air CCIS HQ remained until 2012. The remainder of the Public Tour is also being fully updated for 2013 with new presentations and demonstrations and many additional exhibits and improvements. 
2014: For the new visitor season further improvements and planned for the Public Tours which re-open to visitors on 15 February 2014.
Tours.
Since the first tours in 2004 the exhibition has continually grown with regular updates and improvements, now (2012) making RAF Holmpton the 'reference standard' of Cold War bunker tours in the UK. All visitors are now given guided tours of the site's many facilities, including four underground operations rooms, the guardroom, communications rooms, dormitories, offices, kitchen, officer's mess, life support operations systems, canteen and hospital, the coding & computer rooms and many other areas of interest. One gallery features a display map of 'Cold War' target sites in the UK. There are also films and presentations about the Cold War, the activities of the Royal Observer Corps, the site and its operations. In 2013 following extensive restoration works the public tour opened for the first time the long forgotten heart of the bunker revealing the site of the original twin level 1950's Operations Room along with the just decommissioned UK Air CCIS HQ known as "Area 7" - The tour concludes in the 1960s RAF Radar Operations Room with an Award Winning Multiscreen Show depicting just how RAF Holmpton would have operated during a Nuclear Attack.

</doc>
<doc id="20529257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529257" title="United States congressional delegations from the Northern Mariana Islands">
United States congressional delegations from the Northern Mariana Islands

The United States congressional delegations from the Northern Mariana Islands consist of single Delegate elected at-large.
Resident Representative.
From 1978 to 2009, in accordance with the Northern Mariana Islands Commonwealth Constitution, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands elected a Resident Representative who had no actual privileges in the House or Senate. they were:
Non-voting Delegate.
In 2008, with the passage of the Consolidated Natural Resources Act of 2008 by the United States Government the Resident Representative was replaced by a non-voting Delegate. Below are tables of non-voting delegates to the United States House of Representatives from the Northern Mariana Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20529261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529261" title="Chamla">
Chamla


</doc>
<doc id="20529268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529268" title="Jasper Kent">
Jasper Kent

Jasper Kent (born 1968) is an English author and composer. As a composer his work is generally in the field of musical theatre and his novels include "Twelve", "Thirteen Years Later", "The Third Section", "The People's Will". the first four books of the Danilov Quintet.
Biography.
Born in Worcestershire, England, Jasper was educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham and read Natural Sciences (specializing in theoretical physics) at Trinity Hall, University of Cambridge. After graduating he worked as a software developer and consultant focusing on object-oriented languages such as C++ and C# and template metaprogramming. Notable clients have included Citigroup, Deloitte and Touche, BP, Hughes Aircraft and the UNICC. Jasper also provides training courses for Learning Tree International.
Kent has worked for almost twenty years in musical theatre as a singer, instrumentalist, musical director and composer. He has performed backing vocals for various artistes including Hinge and Bracket, Stig Rossen and Russell Watson and in the role of musical director has conducted, amongst others, Lucy Montgomery and Daniel Boys.
His four complete musicals are "Writer’s Cramp" and "Malvolio’s Revenge" (both written with Robert Renton) and "The Promised Land" and "Remember! Remember!" (with Robert Piatt and Robert Starr). "The Promised Land" was commissioned for and performed as part of the Jerusalem 3000 celebrations in 1996. "Remember! Remember!", a musical dramatization of the events of the Gunpowder Plot of 1605, has been produced as a studio CD recording and was premiered in Lewes, Sussex, England in October 2008.
Jasper lives in the coastal Sussex town of Brighton.
Novels.
Jasper is best known as the author of "Twelve", a supernatural historical thriller set during Napoleon’s invasion of Russia in 1812. The website Fantasy Book Review has ranked "Twelve" in sixth place in its list of all-time greatest historical fantasy novels. It has been translated into French, Polish, Italian and Turkish.
"Twelve" is the first novel in the Danilov Quintet, which spans Russian history from the French invasion of 1812 to the Russian Revolution of 1917. The second instalment, "Thirteen Years Later", culminating in the Decembrist Uprising of 1825, was released in the UK in 2010. The third installment entitled "The Third Section" was released in the UK in 2011. The final two novels are provisionally titled "The People's Will" (2013) and "The Last Oprichnik" (2014).
Additionally, Jasper has written two as yet unpublished novels, "Yours Etc"., "Mr Sunday", a murder mystery set in Brighton, and "Sifr", a contemporary thriller encompassing cryptography and the discoveries of Roger Bacon.
Published works.
Books
Albums

</doc>
<doc id="20529289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529289" title="Showground Central railway line">
Showground Central railway line

The Showground Central railway line was a special suburban commuter line in the city of Adelaide, South Australia. It only operated during the Royal Adelaide Show. During this time, it ran every 15 minutes express from Adelaide Railway Station to Showground Central. It replaced a service that used to operate on a branch railway into the Showgrounds site. The station's platform sections were put together and assembled during the show only, and then removed and stored until the next show. The temporary station was replaced in 2014 by the permanent Adelaide Showground station.

</doc>
<doc id="20529311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529311" title="Treći srpski ustanak">
Treći srpski ustanak

Treći srpski ustanak (trans. "The Third Serbian Uprising") is a compilation album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba, released in 1997.
The album features a choice of Riblja Čorba songs with political-related lyrics recorded and released between 1981 and 1996. Album also features the tracks "Snage opozicije", (recorded in 1985 for the album "Istina", but unreleased), "Pacovi iz podruma" (recorded in 1986, previously unreleased), "Crni mercedes" (from the band's frontman Bora Đorđević's solo album "Bora priča gluposti"), "Seljačine" and "Baba Jula" (from Đorđević's solo album "Njihovi dani") and the new song "Volim i ja vas" (recorded in 1997).

</doc>
<doc id="20529335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529335" title="Samuel O'Flaherty">
Samuel O'Flaherty

Samuel O'Flaherty (died 22 May 1930) was an Irish Sinn Féin politician. He first stood for election at the 1918 general election as a Sinn Féin candidate for the Donegal East constituency but was defeated by Edward Kelly of the Irish Parliamentary Party. He was elected unopposed as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 2nd Dáil at the 1921 elections for the Donegal constituency. He opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted against it. He was re-elected unopposed as an anti-Treaty Sinn Féin TD at the 1922 general election but did not take his seat. He lost his seat at the 1923 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20529337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529337" title="Live at Beyond Baroque">
Live at Beyond Baroque

Live at Beyond Baroque is the first live album performed by Viggo Mortensen, released in 1999. The album was recorded at the literary space "Beyond Baroque" in Venice, California, and is currently out of print and extremely difficult to find.
The album features the collaborations and readings of Viggo Mortensen, his ex-wife Exene Cervenka, Tom Patchett, Karen Finley, and Jerry Stahl. It includes songs from his second album "One Less Thing to Worry About" and five new songs.
References.
Information of the album

</doc>
<doc id="20529344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529344" title="Frederick K. Stearns House">
Frederick K. Stearns House

The Frederick K. Stearns House is a home located at 8109 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan, directly adjacent to the Arthur M. Parker House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Description.
The Frederick K. Stearns House is a two-and-one-half-story house constructed from hollow tile. It has a gabled roof and stuccoed, half timber façades. The medieval feel of the house is accentuated through the use of varied window sizes, and by several projecting bays and broad roof surfaces.
Significance.
This house is significant in that it was built for Frederick K. Stearns, son of the founder of a pharmaceutical firm that built the Frederick Stearns Building, also located on Jefferson Avenue, and who served as its president from 1887-1921. It is also significant because of its fine medieval and Arts and Crafts design.
Current use.
The structure has been refurbished into office space. As of 2008, tenants include the Detroit-Wayne County Port Authority and Friends of Belle Isle.

</doc>
<doc id="20529354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529354" title="Arthur M. Parker House">
Arthur M. Parker House

The Arthur M. Parker House is located at 8115 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan, directly adjacent to the Frederick K. Stearns House. It is also known as the Parker House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Description.
The Arthur M. Parker House is a two-and-one-half-story building, faced with brick on the first story and stucco and half-timbering above. The house has a medieval character reinforced by irregular bays, though more restrained than the next-door Frederick K. Stearns House.
Significance.
The Arthur M. Parker House is significant for its neo-medieval design. The house was designed for Arthur M. Parker, secretary-treasurer of the Detroit Boiler Company.
Current use.
As of 2008, the house is used as the headquarters of the Southeast Michigan Synod - Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.

</doc>
<doc id="20529355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529355" title="Brothers to Brutha">
Brothers to Brutha

Brothers to Brutha is a reality show on BET that premiered November 18, 2008. It follows five brothers who have a record deal on Island Def Jam Music Group as the R&B group Brutha. The show aired Tuesday nights at 10:30pm. The First Season consisted of six episodes. A Second Season has been confirmed by Brutha on YouTube. The group released their self-titled debut album on December 23, 2008. 
The show has received mixed reviews, with the Boston Herald saying "‘Brutha’ not a keeper", and the Detroit News saying that "Brothers to Brutha" "is a diamond-in-the-rough type of show that's full of potential."
Episodes.
"Season 1".
Season 1 began on November 18, 2008 and concluded on December 23, 2008. 
"Season 2".
Season 2 has been confirmed by the brothers on YouTube but there is no release date set.
References.
http://www.bet.com/shows/brothers-to-brutha.html/
http://www.detnews.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20081118/ENT10/811180394
http://www.bostonherald.com/entertainment/television/reviews/view.bg?articleid=1133074
http://www.melodika.net/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=4658&Itemid=50

</doc>
<doc id="20529358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529358" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Thailand)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Thailand)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (; ; Abrv: MFA) is the principal government department in charge of foreign relations in Thailand. The ministry is headed by the Minister of Foreign Affairs; who is also a member of the Cabinet of Thailand, he is appointed by the Prime Minister. The Ministry is primarily in charge of formulating and executing foreign policies for the Kingdom of Thailand. The Ministry is also in charge of managing and maintaining Thai diplomatic missions around the globe. The current Minister of Foreign Affairs is Surapong Tovichakchaikul.
History.
Prior to the creation of the Ministry, much of the country’s foreign relations were handled exclusively by the absolute monarchs of the day. During the Kingdom of Ayutthaya foreign relations were handled by the “Krom Phra Khlang” ( (or the Treasury Department). The Head of the department was known as "Phra Khlang" ( and occasionally referred to as "Berguelang" or "Barcelon" by foreign authors. The famous 18th-century Siamese Ambassador to France Kosa Pan was the younger brother of King Narai’s “Phra Khlang” Kosathibodi. Soon after a sub-department was created primarily to deal with foreigners called "Kromma Tha" (, "Port Department").
During the Bangkok Period most of these features were retained. For instance, the Chau Phaya-Phraklang in his capacity as Minister of State on behalf of Jessadabodindra negotiated the Siamese-American Treaty of Amity and Commerce of 1833 with Edmund Roberts in his capacity as Minister of the United States on behalf of President Andrew Jackson.
In 1840, King Mongkut, the successive king, founded the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Siam, which was administered directly by the king. The responsibilities and roles of the old “Krom” were shifted to this ministry. Chao Phraya Bhanuwong became the first Foreign Minister of Siam in 1871, appointed by King Chulalongkorn. In 1881 Prince Devavongse Varoprakarn was appointed to replace him. Known today as the father of Thai diplomacy he reorganized and modernized the Ministry to meet 19th century standards. The Ministry was then permanently established at Saranrom Palace, east of the Grand Palace. The Ministry was divided into 7 divisions:
Foreign affairs advisers.
From 1892 to 1924, the Siamese government retained the professional legal services of lawyers skilled in international law. 
Reorganization.
After the Revolution of 1932, the Ministry came under civilian control and the Minister was made a member of the constitutional government of Siam. The first Minister under this new system was Phraya Sri Visarn Vacha.
"See more at: Foreign relations of Thailand"
Departments.
Most of the offices of the Ministry were moved to a new grand building complex; Sri Ayutthaya Building, 443 Sri Ayutthaya Rd. Phaya Thai, Ratchathewi, Bangkok in 1992. This building is on the same premise where the Office of the South East Asia Treaty Organization (SEATO) used to stand.

</doc>
<doc id="20529360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529360" title="Carcina quercana">
Carcina quercana

Carcina quercana is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Europe. It has been introduced recently in North America, British Columbia and western Washington.
The wingspan is 16–20 mm.
The larvae feed on various deciduous trees, including Oak and Beech.

</doc>
<doc id="20529366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529366" title="Daulatpur union">
Daulatpur union

Daulatpur union () is a union of Fatikchhari Upazila in Chittagong () district.
Geography.
Area of Daulatpur: 2,871 acres (11.62 km2.).
Location.
North: Nanupur union 
East: Lelang union
South: Jafotnogor union
West: Suabil union
Population.
As of 1991 Bangladesh census, Daulatpur union has a population of 25,918 and house units 4454.
Educational institutions.
Schools <br>
1. Daulatpur ABC High School <br>
2. Daulatpur ABC Primary School <br>
3. Gultaz Memorial School & Collage <br>
4. Syed-Syeda Memorial High School
<br>
Madrasa <br>
1. Syadia Tyabia Madrasa <br>
Mosques (masjids).
1. Baryarhat Masjid <br>
2. Baitul Mamur Jame Masjid <br>
Marketplaces and bazars.
Bazars <br>
1. Baryarhat <br>
2. Nazirhat <br>
3. Fakirhat <br>
4. ABC mini Market <br>
5. Janata club front market <br>
Villages and mouzas.
1. Abdul Karim Munshir Bari <br>
2. Foreman'r Bari <br>
3. Dayem chowdhury Bari <br>
4. Mistri'r Bari <br>
5. Chowdhury Bari <br>
6. Boxu Mia Sarker Bari
References.
Informations:[http://www.lcgbangladesh.org/derweb/Population_Union.xls]

</doc>
<doc id="20529377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529377" title="James De Lancey (loyalist)">
James De Lancey (loyalist)

James De Lancey (September 6, 1746 – May 2, 1804) was a political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Annapolis township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1786 to 1794. His surname also appears as Delancey, de Lancey or DeLancey.
He was born in Westchester County, New York, the son of Peter De Lancey, who was the son of Etienne de Lancey and Elizabeth Colden. He served as sheriff of Westchester County from 1769 to 1776 and as an officer in the militia. Because of his loyalist sympathies, he was forced to leave the area and went to New York City, where he raised a loyalist unit known as "De Lancey’s Cowboys" and "De Lancey's refugees". De Lancey himself was called the "Outlaw of the Bronx". He married Martha Tippett around 1780. Around the start of 1783, he moved to Nova Scotia, settling at Round Hill in Annapolis County. De Lancey was elected to the provincial assembly after his brother Stephen was named to the province's Council; in 1794, James was also named to the Council. He resigned from his seat on the council in 1801 due to poor health and died at Round Hill three years later at the age of 57.

</doc>
<doc id="20529397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529397" title="Chepleten">
Chepleten


</doc>
<doc id="20529403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529403" title="Administrative division of Novgorod Land">
Administrative division of Novgorod Land

The administrative division of Novgorod Republic is not definitely known; the country was divided into several "tysyachas" (lit. thousands) and "volosts". The city of Novgorod with its vicinity, as well as a few other towns were not part of any of those. Pskov achieved an autonomy from Novgorod in the 13th century; its independence was confirmed by the Treaty of Bolotovo in 1348. After the fall of the republic, Novgorod Land, as part of Russia, consisted of 5 "pyatinas" (literally "fifths") that were further divided into uyezds and pogosts. This division was replaced only in the beginning of 18th century when Peter I introduced guberniyas.
Novgorod Republic.
Core.
Northwestern Russia – the lands near Ilmen Lake, Volkhov River, Ladoga Lake and Gulf of Finland, often referred to as "Novgorod volost" in chronicles, formed the core of the state. The assumptions of the internal structure of independent Novgorod are mostly based on the list of the builders of the Great Bridge over Volkhov (1260s) and the 1471 treaty between Novgorod and Casimir IV of Poland. The former lists ten parts of Novgorod itself and nine other entities. According to Burov, these were tysyachas that, together with the capital made "t'ma" (lit. ten thousand), mentioned in the 1471 treaty. Below is the list of tysyachas and their approximate locations:
Novgorod with its vicinity (located on upper Volkhov and near Ilmen Lake) belonged to a separate territorial unit.
Other important towns were Porkhov, Koporye, Yama, Oreshek and Korela. Most of the towns were in the more economically developed western part of the country, in other parts only "ryadki" (small town-like settlements) existed or there were no town-like settlements at all.
Several towns were also not part of any tysyacha (and, thus, of t'ma) as they were owned jointly by Novgorod and one of the neighbouring states. Velikiye Luki were owned jointly by Novgorod and Smolensk Principality and later by Novgorod and Lithuania. Volokolamsk and Torzhok were owned by Novgorod and Vladimir-Suzdal Principality that became part of Muscowy.
Volosts.
Vast lands to the east that were being colonised by Novgorod or just paid tribute to it were divided into volosts. Some of those volosts were:
Pskov.
After the disintegration of Kievan Rus in the 12th century, the city of Pskov with its surrounding territories along the Velikaya River, Lake Peipus, Pskovskoye Lake and Narva River became a part of the Novgorod Republic. It kept its special autonomous rights, including the right for independent construction of suburbs (Izborsk is the most ancient among them). Due to Pskov's leading role in the struggle against the Livonian Order, its influence spread significantly. The long reign of Daumantas (1266–99) and especially his victory in the Battle of Rakovor (1268) ushered in the period of Pskov's actual independence. The Novgorod boyars formally recognized Pskov's independence in the Treaty of Bolotovo (1348), relinquishing their right to appoint the posadniks of Pskov. The city of Pskov remained dependent on Novgorod only in ecclesiastical matters until 1589, when a separate bishopric of Pskov was created and the archbishops of Novgorod dropped Pskov from their title and were created "Archbishops of Novgorod the Great and Velikie Luki".
Pyatinas.
After the conquest of Novgorod Land by Muscowy it was divided into 5 pyatinas:

</doc>
<doc id="20529412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529412" title="Chevayur">
Chevayur

Chevayur is a town in Kozhikode district, Kerala, India. It is at a distance of 2 km from Calicut Medical College and 5 km from Kozhikode town.

</doc>
<doc id="20529424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529424" title="Chereshkite">
Chereshkite


</doc>
<doc id="20529426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529426" title="Members of the Australian Senate, 1938–1941">
Members of the Australian Senate, 1938–1941

This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1938 to 1941. Half of its members were elected at the 15 September 1934 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1935 and finishing on 30 June 1941; the other half were elected at the 23 October 1937 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1938 and finishing on 30 June 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="20529446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529446" title="SS Karanja">
SS Karanja

Three steam ships have been named "Karanja":

</doc>
<doc id="20529452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529452" title="Huggle, Sweden">
Huggle, Sweden

Huggle is a very small medieval village in Heby, Uppsala, Sweden. The village is lacking in a land taxation list from 1312, but is mentioned in writing in 1454, so it is likely to have been founded in the meantime.

</doc>
<doc id="20529479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529479" title="Ed Cooke (author)">
Ed Cooke (author)

Edward "Ed" Cooke (born 1982) is a British writer and author of "Remember, Remember: Learn the Stuff You Thought You Never Could". He is also a Grand Master of Memory and the co-founder of Memrise, a free online educational platform that uses memory techniques to optimise learning. Following this tweet in July 2011, he is also reputed to be the originator of the idea of Vine, the social network based on short looping videos. He grew up in Oxfordshire.
Career.
After graduating with a first class degree in psychology and philosophy from Oxford University in 2004 and completing a Master's degree in Cognitive Science at Paris Descartes University under the supervision of J. Kevin O'Regan in 2005, he started a career researching, writing about, and teaching memory techniques.
At 23, he became a Grand Master of Memory. Cooke uses memory techniques popularized by the likes of Tony Buzan and Dominic O'Brien, which involves turning raw data - packs of cards, series of numbers, US Presidents - into colourful imagery. His work has found popular application in education. To learn the electromagnetic spectrum, for instance, Cooke proposes transforming each stage (for example, the microwave) into an image (a microwave in the kitchen). He also features prominently in Joshua Foer's "Moonwalking with Einstein", having acted as memory coach to Foer, who went on to become U.S. Memory Champion.
He is co-founder of Memrise, an online educational platform that uses memory techniques to optimise learning.
Cooke's latest writings on memory, education and philosophy can be found on his blog and on Twitter.

</doc>
<doc id="20529481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529481" title="Jack Clarke (racing driver)">
Jack Clarke (racing driver)

Jack Clarke (born 1 March 1988 in Effingham, Surrey) is a professional race car driver. Clarke is the stepson of ex-Formula One and British Touring Car Championship driver Julian Bailey.
Career.
Formula BMW.
Clarke made his circuit racing debut in 2006 in the one-make Formula BMW UK series, driving for Nexa Racing. It was a tough rookie season, as he only scored two points all season en route to 22nd place in the championship, and sixth place in the Rookie Cup. He also finished 25th in the end of season World Final in Valencia. During the season, he achieved his A levels at the City of London Freemen's School in Ashtead, Surrey.
Formula Palmer Audi.
Clarke moved up to the Formula Palmer Audi series for the 2007 season. Clarke suffered a poor start to the championship, amassing 76 points from the first seven races. Seven podiums in the last thirteen races, including two wins at Brands Hatch and Croft, progressed Clarke up the championship table to fourth, holding off Jason Moore by two points. Clarke also committed to an Autumn Trophy campaign, and he ended up third in the championship, sixteen points behind champion Richard Keen.
Clarke continued in the series in 2008, and this time finished fifth in the championship. Clarke won races at Oulton Park and Brands Hatch (both races with fastest laps) and also set a fastest lap during one of the races at Snetterton. A second Autumn Trophy campaign followed, and Clarke finished fourth, with a win, two poles and a fastest lap, all coming at Brands Hatch.
Formula Two.
2009 saw Clarke move up to the FIA Formula Two Championship, driving car number eleven.
Clarke was involved in a racing accident during the second race of the Brands Hatch weekend. On lap nine, Clarke lost control of his car on the exit of Westfield bend, spinning into the tyre wall. Upon impact, one of the wheels detached from the car and bounced back towards the circuit. Pietro Gandolfi and Jolyon Palmer both avoided the tyre, but the tyre impacted with the head of Henry Surtees. His car, with its now unconscious driver, continued straight ahead into the barrier on the approach to Sheene Curve, also losing a wheel, and came to rest at the end of the curve with its remaining rear wheel still spinning. Surtees later succumbed to injuries inflicted by the tyre. Clarke paid tribute to Surtees, describing him as a "quality driver" and a "hard racer".
He scored six points over the course of the season, finishing eighteenth in the championship.
In 2010, Clarke continued in Formula Two. He scored 81 points over the season, achieving two podiums and finishing 9th. He remains in the championship for 2011.
Racing record.
Career summary.
<br>† – As Clarke drove the VIP car, he was ineligible to score points.

</doc>
<doc id="20529489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529489" title="Arnaldo Maria Angelini">
Arnaldo Maria Angelini

Arnaldo Maria Angelini (1909–1999) was an Italian engineer and Professor of Electrotechnics at the Sapienza University of Rome, known for contributions in the development of nuclear generating stations as well as hydro and pumped hydro stations, and the improvement of Italy's transmission and distribution systems.
Biography.
Angelini in 1930 graduated at the Sapienza University of Rome, where he continued to do postgraduate work for some time. He started his academic career at the Polytechnic University of Turin as lecturer. In 1949 he was appointed Professor of electrical-machine construction at the Sapienza University of Rome, where he directed the postgraduate courses. and founded the postlauream course in nuclear engineering. He was elected member of the Accademia dei Lincei.
Early 1960s he moved to industry. He worked for ENEL from 1963 to 1979 as general director and then president.
In 1976 Angelini was received elected Honorary President and Consultant by the National Academy of Engineering for his "contributions in the development of nuclear generating stations as well as hydro and pumped hydro stations, and the improvement of Italy's transmission and distribution systems." He also received IEEE Simon Ramo Medal in 1986 and the IEEE Ernst Weber Engineering Leadership Award in 1989.
Selected Publications.
Angelini authored and co-authored many publications in his field of expertise. Books, a selection:
Articles, a selection:

</doc>
<doc id="20529492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529492" title="Faculty of Pharmacy, Ahvaz Jundishapur University of Medical Sciences">
Faculty of Pharmacy, Ahvaz Jundishapur University of Medical Sciences

The faculty of pharmacy in Ahvaz Jundishapur University of Medical Sciences is the only pharmacy faculty in south of Iran and is located in Khuzestan province. I has been established in 1974. The educational program offered in this school, is based upon Iran's nationwide educational schedule prepared by "Ministry Of Health and Medical Education" of Iran. The degrees available in this faculty are Doctorate of Pharmacy (for pharmacy students), PhD in pharmacology, PhD in Pharmaceutics and MSc in toxicology.

</doc>
<doc id="20529501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529501" title="Beimen Station">
Beimen Station

The Taipei Metro Beimen Station is a planned station on the Songshan Line located in Datong District, Taipei City, Taiwan. The station is scheduled to open in 2014.
Station overview.
This four-level, underground station has two side platforms. It will be located beneath Tacheng St. beneath Civic Blvd. and Zhongxiao West Rd. It is scheduled to open in December 2013 with the opening of the Songshan Line.
The southeastern part of the station connects to the Taipei Underground Market, which connects through to Taipei Main Station.
Public Art.
The theme for this station is "Bearing Grace and Inaugurating Vision". It will use silhouette carvings to represent historical images of Old Taipei, Beimen Station, and the history of railway transportation. Artworks will include "The Gate of Taipei City", "Bearing Grace" series, "Locomotives" in the "Inaugurating Vision" series, and historical photos of Taipei.
Construction.
Excavation depth for this station will be around . It will be in length and wide. It will have four exits, one of which will be integrated with the South Wing of the National Taiwan Museum.
Taipei Workshop, a Grade 3 historical monument constructed during the era of Japanese occupation, was exactly where the future Beimen Station would be located. Thus, a removal project commenced on October 20, 2006 to temporarily move the structure until construction of both the Songshan Line and the Taoyuan International Airport MRT are completed. The building will be moved 30 meters to the southeast, and will be moved back when construction is completed.

</doc>
<doc id="20529505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529505" title="Chereshovska Reka">
Chereshovska Reka

Chereshovska Reka () is a village in the municipality of Smolyan, located in the Smolyan Province of southern Bulgaria. The village is located 171.46 km from Sofia. As of 2007, the village had a population of 15 people. 

</doc>
<doc id="20529511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529511" title="Philippe Habert">
Philippe Habert

Philippe Habert (1604 – 26 July 1637) was a French poet. 
Habert was born in Paris and was the brother to Germain Habert and cousin of Henri Louis Habert de Montmor, as well as a friend of Valentin Conrart. Philippe was also one of the first members of the Académie française, and contributed to editing its statutes. An artillery captain, he was killed aged 25 at Aimeries in Belgium, when a wall fell on him as a result of the explosion of a munitions depot in Hainaut. 

</doc>
<doc id="20529513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529513" title="Catocala nymphaea">
Catocala nymphaea

Catocala nymphaea is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Southern France, Italy, Greece, Corsica, Sicily, Crete, North Africa, Anatolia, Afghanistan and Kashmir.
The wingspan is 54–62 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Quercus ilex".

</doc>
<doc id="20529515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529515" title="Taipei Arena Station">
Taipei Arena Station

The Taipei Metro Taipei Arena Station is a planned station on the Songshan Line located in Songshan District, Taipei City, Taiwan. The station is scheduled to open in 2014.
Station overview.
This three-level, underground station will have an island platform. It will be located beneath Nanjing East rd. to the west of Beining Rd. It is scheduled to open in December 2013 with the opening of the Songshan Line.
Originally, the station was to be named "Taipei Stadium Station". However, the area was renamed to "Taipei City Sports Park", no longer using the original station name. Thus, on July 22, 2011, the Department of Rapid Transit Systems announced that the station would be renamed to Taipei Arena Station, using Taipei Arena to signify the park.
Construction.
Excavation depth for this station will be around . It will be in length and wide. It will have five exits, two vent shafts, and two accessibility elevators.
Public Art.
The theme for this station will be "Energy, Movement, Light, Tracks". The design aims to reflect the station's liveliness, spirit, and power. It will have public art designs.

</doc>
<doc id="20529520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529520" title="Chereshovo, Smolyan Province">
Chereshovo, Smolyan Province

Chereshovo () is a village in the municipality of Smolyan, located in the Smolyan Province of southern Bulgaria. The village is located 170 km from Sofia. As of 2007, the village had a population of 13 people. 

</doc>
<doc id="20529534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529534" title="Sigma Films">
Sigma Films

Sigma Films is a film company based in Glasgow, Scotland. The company was formed in 1996 by Gillian Berrie, David Mackenzie and Alastair Mackenzie - a producer, director and actor respectively.
History.
Together they made the shorts "California Sunshine" and "Somersault" before going on to make their debut feature "The Last Great Wilderness", which was largely funded by lottery money and co-produced by Zentropa, for which they were joined by new young producer Angus Pigott.
Following the success of their first feature David Mackenzie then went on to direct "Young Adam" while Gillian strengthened links with co-producer Zentropa, spawning a prodigious co-production relationship which has seen Sigma contribute to a huge number of films including Lars Von Trier's "Dogville" and "Manderlay", Thomas Vinterburg's "Dear Wendy" and Oscar nominated "After The Wedding" from Susanne Bier.
Furthering the relationship with Zentropa are Andrea Arnold's Red Road and Morag Mackinnon's "Donkeys". Both films are part of the Advance Party scheme created from an idea by Gillian Berrie, Sisse Graum Jorgensen, and Lars Von Trier.
Gillian and David's second collaboration was Hallam Foe, starring Jamie Bell and Sophia Myles. Always keen to experiment the production embraced the then zeitgeist medium of blogging. The erstwhile blogger Hugh Macleod mentored Colin Kennedy while he wrote a commentary on production aimed at providing a transparent account of the movie-making process.
Sigma Films have also been home to the short films of Johnny Barrington ("Trout" and "Terra Firma") - and the music video from Colin Kennedy for We Are The Physics and Colin's first short film proper, I Love Luci. Both directors now have full-length feature films slated with the company.
As well as nurturing writing and directing talent Sigma also brings on new producers and have seen Anna Duffield ("Trout", 'Terra Firma", "Donkey's"), Carrie Comerford ("Red Road") and Brian Coffey ("I Love Luci", "Citadel") begin their producing careers.
In 2011, they celebrated their 15th anniversary with the release of David Mackenzie's "You Instead".
Sigma also have a charity arm, Starfish, dedicated to providing opportunities in the screen industries to young people.
Film City Glasgow.
Sigma is also responsible for Film City Glasgow, a production and post-production facility located in the old Govan Town Hall. The building is home to post-production companies Serious and Savalas and production companies including Keo, Finestripe and Hopscotch. It has also been used as a studio for television productions including CBBC's "School of Silence" and Channel 4's Iron Chef UK.

</doc>
<doc id="20529537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529537" title="Chuchur">
Chuchur

Chuchur () is a hamlet in the municipality of Smolyan, located in the Smolyan Province of southern Bulgaria. The village is located 177.9 km from Sofia. As of 2007, the village had a population of 6 people. 

</doc>
<doc id="20529538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529538" title="Vygaudas Ušackas">
Vygaudas Ušackas

Vygaudas Ušackas (born 16 December 1964 in Skuodas, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian diplomat, since September 2013 appointed as the head of European Union's delegation in Russia. Prior to that he served as the head of EU mission for Afghanistan. Prior to heading Lithuania's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ušackas was the Ambassador of Lithuania to the United States and Mexico from 2001 through 2006, then Ambassador to the United Kingdom. 
Biography.
Vygaudas Ušackas was born in 1964 in Skuodas. In 1982 he finished Skuodas school and enrolled to the Vilnius University, there he received law degree in 1990. Later he continued his studies at the University of Oslo, Norway and the Aarhus University, Denmark, specializing in international politics and trade. Between 1992 and 1996 he worked as an adviser to Lithuania's mission to NATO and European Community, soon afterwords he assumed post Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Between 2000 and 2001 he was the chief negotiator of Lithuania's accession to the European Union. 
After the 2008 election, Andrius Kubilius presented Vygaudas Ušackas as candidate for the position of Minister of Foreign Affairs to President Valdas Adamkus.
On March 22, 2010, he was appointed by Catherine Ashton as the European Union's special envoy for Afghanistan.
As of the 1st of September 2013 Vygaudas Ušackas serves as Ambassador, Head of the EU Delegation to the Russian Federation.
He has two children: Raimundas, who was born in 1991, and Paula, born in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20529542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529542" title="Germain Habert">
Germain Habert

Germain Habert de Cérisy (1615 – May 1654) was a French churchman and poet. He was abbot of Saint-Vigor. 
Germain Habert was born in Paris. He was the cousin of Henri Louis Habert de Montmor, brother of Philippe Habert and like Philippe a friend of Conrart (king's almoner and abbé commendataire of Cerisy) he was elected a member of the Académie française from its foundation in 1634. 
He was the author of a "Life of cardinal Bérulle" (1654), paraphrases of the "Psalms" (1663 & 1665) and poems, including "Phyllidis oculi in astra metamorphosis" or the "Métamorphose des yeux de Philis en astres" ("Metamorphosis of Phyllis's eyes into stars", 1677). He died in Paris.
Voltaire said in his "Siècle de Louis XIV" that Germain:
He was one of those whom Richelieu charged with criticising "Le Cid".

</doc>
<doc id="20529544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529544" title="Elenilson da Silva">
Elenilson da Silva

Elenilson da Silva (born 24 January 1972 in Jardim) is a retired long-distance runner from Brazil. He is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's 10.000 metres at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Canada.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20529547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529547" title="Dimovo, Smolyan Province">
Dimovo, Smolyan Province

Dimovo () is a small village in the municipality of Smolyan, located in the Smolyan Province of southern Bulgaria. The village is located 166.88 km from Sofia. As of 2007, the village had a population of 11 people. 

</doc>
<doc id="20529551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529551" title="Nanjing Sanmin Station">
Nanjing Sanmin Station

The Taipei Metro Nanjing Sanmin Station is a planned station on the Songshan Line located in Songshan District, Taipei City, Taiwan. The station is scheduled to open in 2014.
Station overview.
This two-level, underground station will have an island platform. It will be located beneath Nanjing East Rd. at its intersection with Sanmin Rd. It is scheduled to open in December 2013 with the opening of the Songshan Line.
Construction.
Excavation depth for this station will be around . It will be in length and wide. It will have four exits, two vent shafts, and two accessibility elevators.
Public Art.
The theme for this station will be "Gate of the City". The station represents the intersection of four developing regions of the city, all at different stages. Each exit will be a gate leading to a different corner of the city. The entrance will be a "Porch of Community".

</doc>
<doc id="20529563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529563" title="The Perfect Couple (film)">
The Perfect Couple (film)

The Perfect Couple (; aka The Best Romance) is a 2007 South Korean film.
Plot.
While eating skewered tempura at a street vendor, young reporter Choi Soo-jin accidentally sticks the skewer into the side of a detective, Kang Jae-hyuk, who was chasing a suspected criminal. After this encounter, Soo-jin is told to work on a story about a detective, and the detective turns out to be Jae-hyuk. Soo-jin joins his crackdown on drug dealers, and the two start to fall in love.
Release.
"The Perfect Couple" was released in South Korea on 25 January 2007, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 380,933 admissions. It went on to receive a total of 1,299,274 admissions nationwide, with a gross (as of 18 March 2007) of $7,228,471.

</doc>
<doc id="20529564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529564" title="Commander Naval Forces Marianas">
Commander Naval Forces Marianas

Commander Naval Forces Marianas, also known as Comnavmarianas, is the Navy force shore command responsible for United States Navy activities in Guam, Saipan, Tinian and the surrounding islands.
From 1944 to 1949, an era of military government, the officers who served as ComNavMarianas were respectively charged with such civil responsibilities as governor of the Marshalls-Gilberts; deputy military governor, Pacific Ocean Areas; and deputy military governor, Bonin-Volcano Islands.
From 1944 until March 29, 1952, Naval Station served as a Naval Operations Base, providing a huge portion of every type of fleet service. In September 1956, the Naval Base was disestablished and the Naval Station was reassigned to the military command of Commander, U.S. Naval Forces Marianas.
The Navy and Air Force held a ground breaking ceremony for a combined headquarters at Nimitz Hill Feb. 6, 2009, signalling the beginning of Joint Region Marianas. The creation of a joint region is mandated by Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) 2005, but is also unique to Guam. That means at least two military bases, possibly of different services, will be combined to create one base. The naval and air force bases will retain separate base commanders who will oversee operations and mission requirements for their respective installations. Joint Region Marianas will be responsible for all support management functions.

</doc>
<doc id="20529578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529578" title="Perfect Couple">
Perfect Couple

The Perfect Couple may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20529590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529590" title="Davide Bresadola">
Davide Bresadola

Davide Bresadola (born 10 September 1988) is an Italian Nordic combined athlete. He has competed in most of the World Cup events in his discipline since 2005.
In 2004, he finished second at the Italian championships of Nordic combined skiing. At the 2006 Winter Olympics at Turin, Bresadola placed 44th with a time of 21 minutes 43.3 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="20529591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529591" title="Platycheirus clypeatus">
Platycheirus clypeatus

Platycheirus clypeatus, is a species of hoverfly. It is found in most parts of Britain and Europe. The larvae feed on aphids. Adults are usually found on the edges of woodland or scrub, heath or along hedgerows where they visit a wide range of flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="20529593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529593" title="Henri Louis Habert de Montmor">
Henri Louis Habert de Montmor

Henri Louis Habert de Montmor (c. 1600, Paris - 21 January 1679, Paris) was a French scholar and man of letters.
Biography.
Cousin to Philippe Habert and Germain Habert, he became conseiller du roi aged 25, then in 1632 rose to become maître des requêtes, a post he gained thanks to the fortune of his father, treasurer extraordinary for war and treasurer of savings.
He married Henriette-Marie de Buade, sister of Louis de Buade de Frontenac, future governor of New France. He attended on Marie de Gournay and wrote Latin epigrams. In 1634, he was elected an inaugural member of the Académie française, pronouncing its fifth discourse but soon becoming a dissenting member as well as its last inaugural member to die.
An avid supporter of Descartes, Habert wrote a poem on Cartesian physics entitled "De rerum naturae" and collected scientific instruments. He was a friend of Mersenne, who dedicated his "Harmonie Universelle" to Montmor, and a great friend of Pierre Gassendi, who dedicated to him his "Life of Tycho Brahe". Gassendi also left him an astronomical telescope he had been left by Galileo. Three years after Gassendi's death, Habert edited his complete works in 6 volumes, writing its Latin preface.
Besides Gassendi, he gathered a salon of savants and philosophers which included, among others: Pierre Daniel Huet, Jean Chapelain, Adrien Auzout, Girard Desargues, Samuel Sorbière, Claude Clerselier, Jacques Rohault, Guy Patin, Frénicle de Bessy, Melchisédech Thévenot, Roberval and Huygens. 
They were all passionate about scientific experiments and formed in 1657 the "Académie Montmor", which was based in his house. It ceased to exist in 1664 as a result of petty squabbles, but one of the members, Adrien Auzout, indicated in a letter of dedication to Louis XIV in 1664 that there was a need for a public observatory, and that there was an group ready to begin its work if it received royal sponsorship. A proposed constitution was circulated to former Academy members but numerous modifications were made before the Académie des sciences was finally created in 1666.

</doc>
<doc id="20529609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529609" title="A'takamul International School">
A'takamul International School

A'Takamul International School is an Arab school based on the American curriculum in Kuwait.
History.
A'Takamul International School was funded in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="20529614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529614" title="Christopher Peterson (serial killer)">
Christopher Peterson (serial killer)

Christopher Peterson (born 20 January 1969) (later changed his name to Obadyah Ben-Yisrayl"), dubbed the "Shotgun Killer"", is an American serial killer who confessed to shooting seven people with a shotgun, in a killing spree spanning from October 30, 1990 to December 18, 1990 in Indiana. Peterson was convicted to two death sentences because of his confession. Today he recants the confession, saying authorities forced him to say he was the killer. Peterson was granted post-conviction relief and removed from death row in 2004.
Investigation.
A witness at one of the murders provided a description of the killer to police, who made up a drawing of the suspect and distributed it on flyers. The witness's description was of a “clean-shaven, slender, white man with long stringy brown hair.”
Peterson, from Gary, and at the time AWOL from the Marines, and Antwion McGee, 21, were arrested Jan. 29 after a robbery and an attempted murder of a restaurant manager at the Southlake Mall near Merrillville.
McGee led police to Ronald J. Harris, 21. Harris told police he was with Peterson when Peterson killed Hammersly, and later Dhaliwal. McGee also told police that Peterson admitted the killings.
After Peterson's arrest, police investigating the Mills murder lifted a palm print from Mills' car. Police also went to Peterson's apartment, desiring to search it. Lacking a warrant, police were given permission by Peterson's mother, who lived at the apartment. And police questioned Peterson. Questioning took place on at least two separate occasions. The first time he was questioned for about 25 minutes. This episode was not recorded. Peterson was questioned the next day, and some 30 hours after being taken into custody, he confessed. The confession was recorded, and a written confession, which Peterson signed, was also taken.
Trials.
Overall litigation in the shotgun murders crimes was complicated, as it involved seven murders, several attempted murders, multiple locations and times of the crimes and therefore the forums that would hear the cases, and three defendants.
Trial of Harris for murder of Dhaliwal.
Harris was tried in June 1991 for the 13 December 1990 murder of Harchand Dhaliwal. Harris denied he killed Dhaliwal and said Peterson did it. Harris maintained he was merely an innocent bystander. The prosecution countered by pointing out that Harris had accompanied Peterson during another murder, that of Hammersley. Harris had given a statement to the FBI in which he said he was with Peterson when Hammersley was murdered. But at his trial he denied this was the case. He said he signed the statement because the FBI said he could go home if he signed it. The witness to the Hammersley murder, Carrie Jillson, had also identified Harris as the shooter in the Hammersley murder. Harris was convicted.
Harris was later convicted of Hammersley's murder too.
Trial of Peterson for Mills and Hammersley murders.
Peterson's first trial in September and October 1991 was for the murders of Lawrence Mills and Rhonda Hammersley.
In preparation for Peterson's first trial, several evidentiary hearings were held.
In one, it was determined to allow the shotgun recovered from Peterson's apartment to be used as evidence because Peterson's mother had allowed police entry.
The defense also objected to the confessions obtained by police. In examining the issue, it was held that Peterson's arrest for the mall restaurant incident was illegal, but that the confessions obtained some 30 hours after taking him into custody would be admissible, because the delay "tend to dissipate any taint of illegality."
Peterson had been identified by Nikolich in a photo-lineup as the man who shot at her while she was standing in her garage. This shooting took place between the time Mills was killed and the time Hammersley was killed. Because this photo lineup was performed after Peterson's illegal arrest for the unrelated robbery and shooting at the mall, it was determined it was “fruit of the poisonous tree” and could not be admitted; however, it was determined that she could identify him in open court.
Carrie Jillson the witness to Hammersley's murder, testified that a shooter fired through an open window of her car at her. She ducked. She felt the weapon's muzzle on her neck, and then a voice said, “All right, that's enough, let's go.” Jillson had originally identified the shooter as white, and had identified Harris as the shooter. She said that she recalled in January 1991 that the shooter had an accomplice. The prosecution's position was that Peterson was the shooter and Harris was the accomplice.
The shotgun recovered from Peterson's apartment and the cartridge casings recovered from the crime scene were shown to be linked by examination of the marks made by the firing pin.
Police testified that during the course of the interrogation, before he finally confessed, Peterson said, "There is no white guy. I shot them all."
The confession was introduced to prove the facts of the shootings. In addition, drug use and racial hatred became themes from Peterson's confession that the prosecution highlighted during all of Peterson's trials.
The jury consisted of 6 whites, 4 blacks and 2 Hispanics; it included 8 women and 4 men. They acquitted Peterson.
Subsequent discussions with jurors elucidated the reasons for their verdict. Jurors believed the shells came from Peterson's gun, but had no evidence Peterson was ever at the crime scene. However, jurors did not know that Peterson's palm print had been taken from the surface of Mill's car. This would have established his presence at the crime scene, but it was not allowed as evidence because it was regarded as "poisonous fruit" of Peterson's illegal arrest. Jurors in this case and in succeeding cases were also suspicious of the confessions. The sketch circulated by police didn't look at all like Peterson. And Nikolich's identification of Peterson as the shooter had wavered.
Trial of Antwion McGee and Plea Bargain.
At the end of 1991 Antwion McGee was tried for the January 1991 robbery and shooting of the assistant manager of a restaurant at a mall. Peterson participated in this crime. McGee was arrested and led police to Harris and Peterson. According to McGee, Peterson admitted to him shooting at a man in the mall incident, and admitted to the other crimes as well. McGee faced a 50-year sentence, but as part of a deal requiring him to testify against Peterson in forthcoming trials, prosecutors agreed to charge him with a lesser offense carrying an 8-year term.
Trial of Peterson for Wildermuth and Kotso shootings.
Peterson was tried in January for the murder of Wildermuth and the attempted murder of Kotso. The prosecution's evidence included Peterson's confessions, the shotgun and shell identification, McGee's testimony, and Kotso's eyewitness account. Against this, the defense claimed an alibi that Peterson had been seen at a party. Kotso had originally repeatedly identified his attacker as a black man, but he had been badgered by highly aggressive questioning by an officer of the Indiana State Police to the point that he backed off the racial identification to avoid being seen as a racist. It turned out that the motive for the Kotso shooting was to confuse police with the second shooting of the night. Wildermuth had been killed in a rage fueled by drugs and racial antipathy; Kotso would not have been shot if he had been black.
Again Peterson was acquitted. Jurors pointed out problems they had with the case. (1) Police had not taken fingerprints from the shotgun itself; (2) they didn't seal off the crime scene and the shotgun shells used as evidence were found the next day; (3) only Peterson's confession, about which they had doubts, put him at the scene of the crimes, and (4) it turned out that police had conducted a 25-minute interrogation the day before the confession, but didn't record it.
Trial of Peterson for Dhaliwal and Meitzler murders.
This trial started off badly when statements by the prosecution led to a mistrial at the jury selection stage. However, the process was restarted and evidence presented. The jury heard Peterson's confession again, in which he said he killed Dhaliwal in a “rage to hurt,” and “just snapped” when he killed Meitzler. The defense called Peterson's girlfriend to establish an alibi that he was at a party.
This time the result was different: Peterson was convicted. Prosecutors said it made no difference that the jury was all white.
Trial of Peterson for the Balovsky murders.
This trial was held in April 1992. Prosecution evidence included Peterson's confession, McGee's testimony, and identification of shotgun shells found at the scene. The defense advanced an alibi defense, and noted that McGee had a key to Peterson's apartment and had access to the shotgun. Again highlighted were racial elements of the confession in which Peterson said, "(They) were white people and at the time I had this vengeance. It just snapped."
Again Peterson was convicted. The jury recommended against the death penalty, but the Judge, James Clement, overturned the jury on this point and sentenced Peterson to death. Peterson remains on death row at Indiana State Prison.
Continuing claims of innocence.
Peterson maintains his innocence despite confessing to the murders. He claims he did so under duress. Peterson was granted post-conviction relief and re-sentenced to 120 years in prison December 12, 2004.
Song.
American death metal/grindcore band Macabre have made a song about him, titled "Shotgun Peterson". It features on their "Sinister Slaughter" album.

</doc>
<doc id="20529615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529615" title="Claude Clerselier">
Claude Clerselier

Claude Clerselier (1614, Paris – 1684, Paris) was a French editor. He edited and translated several works by René Descartes, especially his letters (Paris, 1657, 1659 et 1667), "L'Homme, et un Traité de la formation du fœtus du mesme auteur avec les remarques de Louys de La Forge", 1664, "L'Homme...et...Le Monde", 1667 et de ses "Principes", 1681. 
He was probably the uncle of the actor Denis Clerselier, known as Nanteuil.

</doc>
<doc id="20529620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529620" title="Gerry Quigley">
Gerry Quigley

Gerry Quigley (3 November 1928– 23 December 2003) was a trade unionist and political activist in Northern Ireland.
Quigley grew up in the Donegall Pass area of Belfast. He studied at St Joseph's Training College before working as a primary school teacher.
Quigley was appointed Northern Secretary of the Irish National Teachers' Organisation (INTO) in 1954. In this role, he secured equal pay for women teachers and pay equivalence between Northern Irish teachers and those in England and Wales.
In 1964, Quigley worked with National Unity, an Irish nationalist political study group, to call a conference of all nationalists in Northern Ireland. This founded the National Political Front, and in 1965, Quigley became the first Chair of its successor, the National Party, soon renamed the National Democratic Party. 
In 1978, Quigley became the General Secretary of INTO. He also served as the President of the Irish Congress of Trade Unions.

</doc>
<doc id="20529621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529621" title="History of depression">
History of depression

What was previously known as melancholia and is now known as "clinical depression", "major depression", or simply "depression" and commonly referred to as major depressive disorder by many health care professionals, has a long history, with similar conditions being described at least as far back as classical times.
Prehistory to medieval periods.
In Ancient Greece, disease was thought due to an imbalance in the four basic bodily fluids, or "humors". Personality types were similarly thought to be determined by the dominant humor in a particular person. Derived from the Ancient Greek "melas", "black", and "kholé", "bile", melancholia was described as a distinct disease with particular mental and physical symptoms by Hippocrates in his "Aphorisms", where he characterized all "fears and despondencies, if they last a long time" as being symptomatic of the ailment. 
Aretaeus of Cappadocia later noted that were "dull or stern; dejected or unreasonably torpid, without any manifest cause". The humoral theory fell out of favor but was revived in Rome by Galen. Melancholia was a far broader concept than today's depression; prominence was given to a clustering of the symptoms of sadness, dejection, and despondency, and often fear, anger, delusions and obsessions were included.
Physicians in the Persian and then the Muslim world developed ideas about melancholia during the Islamic Golden Age. Ishaq ibn Imran (d. 908) combined the concepts of melancholia and phrenitis. The 11th century Persian physician Avicenna described melancholia as a depressive type of mood disorder in which the person may become suspicious and develop certain types of phobias. 
His work, "The Canon of Medicine", became the standard of medical thinking in Europe alongside those of Hippocrates and Galen. Moral and spiritual theories also prevailed, and in the Christian environment of medieval Europe, a malaise called "acedia" (sloth or absence of caring) was identified, involving low spirits and lethargy typically linked to isolation.
17th to 19th centuries.
The seminal scholarly work of the 17th century was English scholar Robert Burton's book, "The Anatomy of Melancholy", drawing on numerous theories and the author's own experiences. Burton suggested that melancholy could be combated with a healthy diet, sufficient sleep, music, and "meaningful work", along with talking about the problem with a friend. 
During the 18th century, the humoral theory of melancholia was increasingly challenged by mechanical and electrical explanations; references to dark and gloomy states gave way to ideas of slowed circulation and depleted energy.
German physician Johann Christian Heinroth, however, argued melancholia was a disturbance of the soul due to moral conflict within the patient. 
Eventually, various authors proposed up to 30 different subtypes of melancholia, and alternative terms were suggested and discarded. Hypochondria came to be seen as a separate disorder. "Melancholia" and "Melancholy" had been used interchangeably until the 19th century, but the former came to refer to a pathological condition and the latter to a temperament.
The term "depression" was derived from the Latin verb "deprimere", "to press down". From the 14th century, "to depress" meant to subjugate or to bring down in spirits. It was used in 1665 in English author Richard Baker's "Chronicle" to refer to someone having "a great depression of spirit", and by English author Samuel Johnson in a similar sense in 1753. The term also came into use in physiology and economics. 
An early usage referring to a psychiatric symptom was by French psychiatrist Louis Delasiauve in 1856, and by the 1860s it was appearing in medical dictionaries to refer to a physiological and metaphorical lowering of emotional function. Since Aristotle, melancholia had been associated with men of learning and intellectual brilliance, a hazard of contemplation and creativity. The newer concept abandoned these associations and, through the 19th century, became more associated with women.
Although "melancholia" remained the dominant diagnostic term, "depression" gained increasing currency in medical treatises and was a synonym by the end of the century; German psychiatrist Emil Kraepelin may have been the first to use it as the overarching term, referring to different kinds of melancholia as "depressive states". English psychiatrist Henry Maudsley proposed an overarching category of "affective disorder".
20th and 21st centuries.
The influential system put forward by Kraepelin unified nearly all types of mood disorder into "manic–depressive insanity". Kraepelin worked from an assumption of underlying brain pathology, but also promoted a distinction between endogenous (internally caused) and exogenous (externally caused) types. 
German psychiatrist Kurt Schneider coined the terms "endogenous depression" and "reactive depression" in 1920, the latter referring to reactivity in mood and not "reaction" to outside events, and therefore frequently misinterpreted. The division was challenged in 1926 by Edward Mapother who found no clear distinction between the types. 
The unitarian view became more popular in the United Kingdom, while the binary view held sway in the US, influenced by the work of Swiss psychiatrist Adolf Meyer and before him Sigmund Freud, the father of psychoanalysis.
Freud had likened the state of melancholia to mourning in his 1917 paper "Mourning and Melancholia". He theorized that objective loss, such as the loss of a valued relationship through death or a romantic break-up, results in subjective loss as well; the depressed individual has identified with the object of affection through an unconscious, narcissistic process called the "libidinal cathexis" of the ego. 
Such loss results in severe melancholic symptoms more profound than mourning; not only is the outside world viewed negatively, but the ego itself is compromised. The patient's decline of self-perception is revealed in his belief of his own blame, inferiority, and unworthiness. He also emphasized early life experiences as a predisposing factor. 
Meyer put forward a mixed social and biological framework emphasizing "reactions" in the context of an individual's life, and argued that the term "depression" should be used instead of "melancholia". 
The DSM-I (1952) contained "depressive reaction" and the DSM-II (1968) "depressive neurosis", defined as an excessive reaction to internal conflict or an identifiable event, and also included a depressive type of manic-depressive psychosis within Major affective disorders. 
In the mid-20th century, other psychodynamic theories were proposed. Existential and humanistic theories represented a forceful affirmation of individualism. Austrian existential psychiatrist Viktor Frankl connected depression to feelings of futility and meaninglessness. Frankl's logotherapy addressed the filling of an "existential vacuum" associated with such feelings, and may be particularly useful for depressed adolescents. 
American existential psychologist Rollo May hypothesized that "depression is the inability to construct a future". In general, May wrote, "depression ... occur more in the dimension of time than in space," and the depressed individual fails to look ahead in time properly. Thus the "focusing upon some point in time "outside" the depression ... gives the patient a perspective, a view on high so to speak; and this may well break the chains of the ... depression." 
Humanistic psychologists argued that depression resulted from an incongruity between society and the individual's innate drive to self-actualize, or to realize one's full potential. American humanistic psychologist Abraham Maslow theorized that depression is especially likely to arise when the world precludes a sense of "richness" or "totality" for the self-actualizer.
A half century ago, diagnosed depression was either endogenous (melancholic), considered a biological condition, or reactive (neurotic), a reaction to stressful events. Debate has persisted for most of the 20th century over whether a unitary or binary model of depression is a truer reflection of the syndrome; in the former, there is a continuum of depression ranked only by severity and the result of a "psychobiological final common pathway", whereas the latter conceptualizes a distinction between biological and reactive depressive syndromes. The publishing of DSM-III saw the unitarian model gain a more universal acceptance.
In the mid-20th century, researchers theorized that depression was caused by a chemical imbalance in neurotransmitters in the brain, a theory based on observations made in the 1950s of the effects of reserpine and isoniazid in altering monoamine neurotransmitter levels and affecting depressive symptoms. During the 1960s and 70s, manic-depression came to refer to just one type of mood disorder (now most commonly known as bipolar disorder) which was distinguished from (unipolar) depression. The terms unipolar and bipolar had been coined by German psychiatrist Karl Kleist.
The term "Major depressive disorder" was introduced by a group of US clinicians in the mid-1970s as part of proposals for diagnostic criteria based on patterns of symptoms (called the Research Diagnostic Criteria, building on earlier Feighner Criteria), and was incorporated into the DSM-III in 1980. To maintain consistency the ICD-10 used the same criteria, with only minor alterations, but using the DSM diagnostic threshold to mark a "mild depressive episode", adding higher threshold categories for moderate and severe episodes. 
The ancient idea of "melancholia" still survives in the notion of a melancholic subtype. The new definitions of depression were widely accepted, albeit with some conflicting findings and views, and the nomenclature continues in DSM-IV-TR, the latest version, published in 2000.
There have been some continued empirical arguments for a return to the diagnosis of melancholia. There has been some criticism of the expansion of coverage of the diagnosis, related to the development and promotion of antidepressants and the biological model since the late 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="20529623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529623" title="Pandemoniumfromamerica">
Pandemoniumfromamerica

Pandemoniumfromamerica or also called Pandemonium From America is the sixth studio album by the actor Viggo Mortensen and the fourth collaboration with avant-garde guitarist Buckethead, released in 2003. The album is dedicated to Noam Chomsky. Mortensen said about the album:
Besides featuring Buckethead, the album also features Viggo's son Henry Mortensen, keyboardist Travis Dickerson, and the actors Elijah Wood, Billy Boyd, and Dominic Monaghan (Frodo, Pippin, and Merry respectively from Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings film trilogy). The label TDRS Music released the album and also posted several pictures on their web page from the recording sessions of this album in which they feature all the collaborators.
Tracks from the album are part of the compilation "This, That, and The Other", released in 2004, also compiling the albums "One Less Thing to Worry About" from 1997, "One Man's Meat" from 1999, "The Other Parade" from 1999, and "Please Tomorrow" of 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20529646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529646" title="Kusupur">
Kusupur

Kusupur is a village in Orissa, India.
The village is known for the GajaLaxmi Puja, Dasahara and Dola. Jagannath Temple, Maa Narayani Chandi, Maa Pingulei and Syamasundar are the deities of the village. Most of the people are occupied in business or the service industries; a few live from agriculture. Two U.P Schools one for boys and one for girls were established before Independence. Nanda Kishore Vidya Mandir, a Government High School named after Pallikabi Nanda Kishore Bal, was established in 1946.
Facilities include a bank, a sub-post office, telephone exchange, government high school, full electrification, and "pacca" road and drainage system.
It is the birthplace of Pallikabi Nanda Kishore Bal. Silpiguru Bimbadhar Burma, Kabi Gyanindra Burma, Journalist Rajendra Burma, Labangalata Devi Bidusi. Pradyumna Bal, a politician and founder editor of the Oriya daily "Pragatibadi" and Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology, was born in this village. It is also the birthplace of Shri Nanda kishore Samal who was awarded Sahitya Academy Award for Children literature
It is also the birthplace of Sri Sumanta Kumar Jena, a reputed journalist presently as the General Secretary of All Orissa Journalism Association, established United Bank of India, a Sub post office Telephone Exchange and many more in his effort. It is also the birthplace of Dr Basanta Kishore Sahoo who is a lecturer, children's writer.
Apart from this, people from this place have excelled in different fields including journalism, administration, banking and literature. Sri Ananta Prusty, Keshabananda Sahoo, Bairagi Charan Sahoo and Nanda Kishore Samal are the famous teachers who educated students for the betterment of the their social life. Sri Ghanasyama Sahoo and Mahanga Gandhi Sachidananda Jena were the freedom fighters who did some noteworthy work for the country. Mrutunjaya Sahoo is the first IAS of the village. Sumanta Kumar Jena, Suvendra Kumar Burma are journalists who created their own fields. Sri Krushna Chandra Sahoo is created his own field in the all round development of the village. Sri Nikunja Kishore Jena and Sri Dasarathi Sahoo also created his own field in the Oriya Literature. Sri Sradhananda Jena, Sri Prasanna Kumar Sahoo, Sri Sanjya Kumar Burma and other people are working together for allround development of the village. Palli Mangal Samiti, Pallijyoti Pathagara, Pallibadhu Mahila Samiti, Narayan Chandi Club and Birupa Club are also working for the development of the village.
The people of this village belong to different castes but there is hardly any obnoxious touch of casteism in the village; all lead a harmonious life.
References.
Village Kusupur is situated in the Bank of River Birupa and is just about 80 km and one and half hour drive from the state capital Bhubaneswar. Kusupur has produced eminent personalities like Late Surya Mani Jena who had graduated from the Calcutta University and served as the Inspector of Schools for quite a long time. He served as the Head Master of Sambalpur High School, wherein the renowned and noted legal luminary Mr. Ashok Sen (Former law Minister in the Government of India) and his elder brother were his students. Mr. Surya Mani Jena had written the poems dictated by Palli Kabi Nanda Kishore Bala in his own hand. Suryamani Jena had also brought a revolution in the village Kusupur having instrumental to bring the Telegraph office to village Kusupur. He was also instrumental for forming the Kusupur Dussera Sabha. Mr. Suryamani Jena also contested the election against the then chief minister of Orissa Mr. Naba Krushna Chaudhari from Badachana. For details about the village Kusupur, watch the video channel of kusupur : Village Kusupur
Basanta Kishore Sahoo (born 15 March 1955) is a research scholar and a children's writer who published his Ph. D thesis on the topic of "Oriya Moukhika Shisu Sahitya." He is an Indian children's writer and research scholar who created his own field. He was born on 15 March 1955, at Kusupur, a famous village in the Mahanga block of Cuttack District of Orissa State where Palikabi Nanda Kishore Bal, Silpiguru Bimbadhar Barma, Kabi Gyanindra Burma, Reporter Rajendra Burma and Suvendra Burma, Editor Pradmyuna Bal and Sishu Sahityika Nanda Kishore Bal were born. His father's name is Bira Kishore Sahoo and mother's name Malli Dei. Now he is working as a Lecturer in Oriya at Aeronautics College, Sunabeda of Koraput District.
He wrote 25 books in Oriya, English, Hindi and Bengali. Phula Ame Phula is his first children's poem collection which was published in 1992. After that his book Agada Bagada Jhainki Jhumpa was published which gave him name and fame. He wrote both criticism and creative books for children as well as scholars of the state in his mother tongue Oriya. He got his Ph.D. in Oriya Moukhika Shisu Sahitya which is also published in book form and popularize him among the scholar and readers because in this thesis he collected the folk songs of Orissa which are fading from memory.
He is married to Smt. Binapani Sahoo. He has a son Gitimaya Sahoo and a daughter, Bulbul Priyadarshini Sahoo.
He also actively participated in the development the Oriya Children's Literature through the Research Institute for Oriya Children's Literature, (RIOCL) which was established by Dr. Manindra Mohanty, the first scholar of Oriya children's literature and his guide, who said:
"He get the full support from his wife Binapani Sahoo and two children's to do something for the Oriya literature and language."
He also edited a children's magazine called Bagalabaguli from 1981 to 1985. He is the founder secretary of Banaphula Sahitya Parishad, Sunabeda and Oriya Lekhaka Pathaka Sammelan Semiliguda for the development of Oriya Literature in the Koraput district.
He started his profession career as instructor in Secretarial Practice and Hadidas Mahavidyalay, Chhatia as well as Aeronautics college Sunabeda. Now he is working as a Lect. In Oriya at Aeronautics College, Sunabeda. He has guided doctoral reaserach and also published many research articles in various research journals of Orissa.
He is a member of many organization in Orissa including the Research Institute of Oriya Children's Literature (RIOCL), AIJLC, Calcutta, Banaphula Sahitya Parishad, Sunabeda, Oriya Lekhaka Pathaka Sammelan, Semiliguda, Oriya Gabesana Parishad, Cuttack, Utkal Sahitya Samaj, Cuttack, Banaprabha Sahitya Parishad, Sunabeda and many more organization of the state of Orissa. Two no of books were published namele "BASANTA BAIVABA" AND "BASANTA KISHORENKA SHRUSTI O SAMIKHYA" edited by Sarala Behera and published by Banaprava Sahitya Sansad and Padma Prakasani. On these two books 144 nos toted wrters and critics written on him and his contribution to Oriya Literature and Oriya Children's Literature.
Contents 
1 Selected writing in children's literature
2 Criticism and Alochana
3 Other publications
4 Edited books
5 Humor
6 Books in other languages 
6.1 Hindi
6.2 Bangala
6.3 English
7 Edited other books and magazines
8 References
9 External links 
Selected writing in children's literature
Phula Ame Phula 1992
Agada Bagada Jhainki Jhumpa 1997
Kalia Balada Galare Gala 2000
Marinele Mohapatra 2000
Uduuduma 2003
Gachha Ama Jebana 2003
Inchidi Minchidi 2003
Aei Matira Manisha 2004
Aainsi Mantara Kainsi Mantra 2004
Gai Dia Pade Gita 2008
Khara Barasa Gita 2008
Biluananara Banabhoji 2008
Hata Deba Bhala Kame 2009
Basanta Kishore Rachanabali-I 2009
Basanta Kishore Rachanabali-II 2012
Criticism and Alochana
Oriya Sishu Sahitya Alochana, 1994
Oriya Moukhika Sishu Sahitya (Ph.D. Thesis), 1996
Sampratika Shisu Sahitya O Sahityika, 2000
Oriya Shisu Sahityara Sahayak Pathyasuchi, 2002
Other publications
Koraputra Parba Parbani 2005
Koraputra Lokakatha 2005
Ama Koraput 2005
Edited books
Koraput Parikrama (Edited) 1992
Odishara Lokanatya (Edited) 1993
Sampratika Shisu Sahitya (Edited) 2000
Manindra Abhinandan Grantha (Edited) 2004
Saraswata Sadhaka Dr. Jagannath Mohanty 2007
Nanda Kishore Rachanabali 2007
Humor
Kahaku Kahiba 2003
Books in other languages
Hindi
Bhaita Bhai 2003
Bangala
Ekati Chand Aneka Tare 2004
English
Who's Who in Oriya Children's Literature, Vol. I, 1995
Drops of Nectar (Children's Poem) 1998
Edited other books and magazines This article may contain excessive, poor, or irrelevant examples. Please improve the article by adding more descriptive text and removing less pertinent examples. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for further suggestions. (February 2011)
Dr Sahoo edited a quarterly children's magazine in the year 1981 which was published since 1984 regularly from Kusupur, Cuttack. He also edited 8 volumes of Banaphula which consists of stories and poems the yearly magazine of Banaphula Sahitya Parishad Sunabeda. When he came to Sunabeda, in the year 1984, there is literary activities in the township. He framed a Literary Organization namely Banaphula Sahitya Parishad with other person. After that Oriya Lekhaka Pathaka Samelen was also established with the help Social worker and Bhudan Karmi Krushna Singh.
Bagala Baguli (20 issues): 1981-1985
Banaphula –I to 8 (8 volumes): 1986-96
Banaprava- I to 5, ( including Desatmabodhaka Kabita Samkalan, Sishu Kabita Samkalan & Jagannath Satak)
Aeronautica (Aeronautics College Magazine)-VII (1987–88 ), XI (1991–92), XVII (1997–98), XIX (1999-2000), XXI (2002–03), XIV- (2004–05), XV (2005–06), XVI- (2006–07), XVII & XVIII (2008–09),XXX (2012)
Koraput Parikrama (Poems) 1994
Panchapakhuda (Collection of children's Poems): 992
Deshatmabodhaka Kabita Samkalan: 1992
Bhagirathi Smaranika: 2004
Swarnakhetra- 2006, 2007, 2008, Khetra Bisesanka- 2009, Bhakta Bisesanka- 2010, Besha Bisesanka- 2011, Parbaparbani Bisesanka- 2012, Khetra Bisesanka(2)-2013
Smaranika: Swatantra Utkal Bisesanka- 2003, Krushna Chandra Gajapati Bisesanka- 2007, Utkal Gouraba Bisesanka- 2008, Fakirmohan Bisesanka- 2009, Gopabandhu Bisesanka- 2010, Gangadhar Bisesanka- 2011, Sunabeda Bisesanka- 2012, Koraput Bisesanka-2013
References
^ Dr. Basanta Kishore Sahoo M. A., Ph.D. at Research Institute of Oriya Children's Literature

</doc>
<doc id="20529647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529647" title="Geoff Ketchum">
Geoff Ketchum

Geoff Ketchum currently runs the website Orangebloods.com. Additionally, Ketchum co-hosted a sports radio talk show on 104.9FM The Horn in Austin, Texas five days a week with Chad Hastings, and has written a book on the history of the University of Texas Longhorns football program titled "A Die Hard Fan's Guide to Longhorn Football." While at the University of Texas Ketchum was part of a four-man team that won the 1998 Sports Trivia Bowl. His teammates (David Crabtree, James Crabtree, and Jonathon Muir) had all attended McCallum High School with him in Austin, Texas. Their team, The Knights, is part of the UT Intramural Sports Wall of Fame in the historic Gregory Gym. [http://www.utrecsports.org/friends/newsletter/current_newsletter/walloffamers.html]
Geoff Ketchum's current radio show is called 'Hit Em Up with Ketch'.

</doc>
<doc id="20529650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529650" title="Mahlon Loomis">
Mahlon Loomis

Mahlon Loomis (21 July 1826 – 13 October 1886) was a dentist, the inventor of artificial teeth (patent #10,847 May 2, 1854), and the earliest inventor of wireless communication (patent #129,971 July 30, 1872). 
Early history.
Loomis, a Washington, DC dentist, claimed to have transmitted signals in October 1866 between two Blue Ridge Mountain-tops 14 miles apart in Virginia, using kites as antennas, but without having identified the names of independent witnesses.
Patent.
Loomis received for a wireless telegraph in 1872. This one-page patent makes a vague claim about using atmospheric electricity to eliminate the overhead wire used by the existing telegraph systems, but it contains no schematic diagram of how to build it, and no theory of how it might function. Loomis envisioned towers "on the tops of high mountains, and thus penetrate or establish electrical connection with the atmospheric stratum ... to form the electrical circuit."
Loomis's patent is substantially similar to U.S. Patent 126,356 received three months earlier by William Henry Ward who applied for the patent on June 29, 1871 when Loomis was actively promoting his idea of using atmospheric electricity for telegraph communication. Ward's patent also contains no schematic diagram. Instead, Ward illustrates and describes towers that rotate into the wind "to drive an aerial current of electricity into the insulated middle portion of the tower, which current passes upwardly through the upper portion of the tower and out through the ventilator or the top... whereby the tower is receiving continually fresh and new supplies of electricity".
The two patents in some places use almost identical language:
In January 1873, the United States Congress declined to charter the Loomis Aerial Telegraph Co. One congressman, pleading Loomis' case in the House, said, "He entertains a dream, and it may be only a dream, a wild dream that when his proposition comes to be fully applied, it may light and warm your houses..." Loomis, himself, addressed Congress at one point, stating that his proposal functioned by "Causing electrical vibrations or waves to pass around the world, as upon the surface of some quiet lake one wave circlet follows another from the point of the disturbance to the remotest shores, so that from any other mountain top upon the globe another conductor, which shall pierce this plane and receive the impressed vibration, may be connected to an indicator which will mark the length and duration of the vibration; and indicate by any agreed system of notation, convertible into human language, the message of the operator at the point of the first disturbance." 
Analysis.
Loomis noted that transmission was possible only when the kites were flown to the same altitude above ground, which seemed to confirm his hypothesis that he was completing a DC circuit through layers of the atmosphere that he hypothesized carried such currents. We know now that there is no basis for such a system.
One version of the Loomis apparatus used a keyed connection to ground at the transmitting station, and a spark gap to ground at the receiver. Radio frequency transients would have been generated by keying the sky-ground DC potential at the transmitter, and if the kite wires were of the same length (which would have the kites at the same altitude above terrain), the receiving apparatus would have been resonant and able to receive such a signal. This may account for his result—not by tapping into the same layer of atmosphere, but because the wires were the same length.

</doc>
<doc id="20529653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529653" title="Wacky-Bye Baby">
Wacky-Bye Baby

Wacky-Bye Baby is the 28th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on May 2, 1948, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by United Artists.
Plot.
Woody has been kicked out of the city park and is now trying to find a new place to live. He reads in the newspaper that millionaire Wally Walrus is looking to adopt a son. So Woody disguises himself as a baby boy, and works his way to Wally's doorstep. Wally takes in the disguised woodpecker, who in turn proceeds to eat as much food as possible before a chase ensues.
Notes.
After "Wacky-Bye Baby" Woody would no longer make his entry from a full tree during in the opening titles. Beginning with "Wet Blanket Policy", Woody would make his entry through a light brown-colored wood plank/board background. The woodpecker would now peck though a plank (light brown, red, or light balsa colored) for the release (and re-release) of most of the 1948-1972 entries of the "Woody Woodpecker" series.

</doc>
<doc id="20529675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529675" title="Lasius neglectus">
Lasius neglectus

Lasius neglectus is a polygynous, sometimes invasive, ant of the genus "Lasius". The ant was identified in 1990 after establishing a colony in Budapest, Hungary. Superficially, they are similar in appearance to the common black garden ant, "Lasius niger", but have significantly different behavioural patterns, particularly in the social structure within colonies.
"Lasius neglectus" is believed to be prey for several animals and insects, specifically "Clytra laeviuscula" and some Picidae family birds.
Colonies.
"Lasius neglectus" occupies 'super colonies', systems of interconnected nests with many queens, estimated to be over 35,500 in some colonies. The queens, instead of moving to a new nest to start a new colony, will mate within the existing colony. Unlike most ant species, queens mate underground and are incapable of flight. As the occupants of these colonies are related, they do not demonstrate territorial aggression.
"Lasius neglectus" does not build elaborate nests, instead, the species usually nests under flat stones, in the topsoil under leaf litter and even in trash piles. In human habitats, "L. neglectus" tends to nest inside electrical devices. Like other invasive ant species, "L. neglectus" relies on honeydew for its main food source and, but for a single instance in a grassland without trees in Tbilisi, known food sources come exclusively from insect prey and honeydew-producing insects on trees.
As pests.
"Lasius neglectus" can outnumber native European varieties of ant by 10 to 100 times in infested gardens and, as such, has been considered a pest in many central European countries. The species has spread as far as Jena in Germany, Ghent in Belgium and Warsaw in Poland. A colony has been reported in Gloucestershire in England, where it demonstrates an affinity for outdoor electrical fittings.
Similar to many other invasive species, "L. neglectus" has so far only been found to infest disturbed urban habitats such as parks and gardens, where it eradicates most native ants and other insect populations while damaging trees because of the massive aphid cultures that it maintains. Whereas most other known pest ants require warm temperatures to thrive, "L. neglectus" can survive winters with extended frost periods, so that further dispersal into temperate climatic zones seems unavoidable. Asia Minor has been suggested as the most likely region of origin of "L. neglectus" as it co-occurs here with its non-invasive sister-species "L. turcicus".
The species has been proposed as a candidate to become a similar problem to the Argentine ant ("Linepithema humile").

</doc>
<doc id="20529698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529698" title="Louis Nicolas Victor de Félix d'Ollières">
Louis Nicolas Victor de Félix d'Ollières

Louis Nicolas Victor de Félix d'Ollières (23 September 1711, Aix-en-Provence – 10 October 1775, Versailles), comte du Muy, comte de Grignan, was a French soldier and statesman from a family originating in Provence. He was made a member of the Ordre du Saint-Esprit in 1764. 
Former menin of the Dauphin, he remained so attached to him that he asked to be buried at his feet in Sens. This request was also made to please Louis XVI. Like Maurepas he was made secretary of state for war on 5 June 1774. He was made marshal of France in 1775.

</doc>
<doc id="20529701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529701" title="Lonely Road (The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus album)">
Lonely Road (The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus album)

Lonely Road is the second studio album by The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, which was released on February 3, 2009. The first single off the album was "You Better Pray". The song "Pen & Paper" was released as a free download on the band's website. Three weeks before the debut of the album, the songs "Represent", "Pull Me Back" and "Believe" were made available for free streaming from their website. From January 24 to January 27, the entire album was available for listening on the band's MySpace. "You Better Pray" was released on "Tap Tap Revenge" and the Nintendo DS Lite version of "Band Hero". The album debuted at number 14 on the Billboard 200. Ever since the release of the band's third studio album, "Am I the Enemy", the songs from "Lonely Road" are rarely on the band's set list. The reason for this is unknown.
Track listing.
All lyrics written by Ronnie Winter, all music written by Ronnie Winter, Elias Reidy, and Duke Kitchens.

</doc>
<doc id="20529709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529709" title="List of radio stations in Banda Aceh, Indonesia">
List of radio stations in Banda Aceh, Indonesia

This is a list of radio stations of Banda Aceh in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="20529710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529710" title="Kaingang language">
Kaingang language

The Kaingang language (also spelled Kaingáng) is an indigenous language spoken in the South of Brazil, belonging to the Gê language family. The Kaingang nation has about 30,000  people, and about from 60% to 65% speak the language. The majority also speaks Portuguese.
The Kaingang and Xokleng were previously considered a single ethnicity, which went by a number of names, including "Amhó, Dorin, Gualachi, Chiqui, Ingain, Ivitorocái (= Amho), Kamé, Kayurukré, Tain (= Ingain), Taven." Some of these may have been tribal names; others were exonyms. Those living along the coast at the time of the Conquest were called "Guayaná", and are considered to be the ancestors of the Kaingang. It's not known to what extent the names might have corresponded to dialectal differences.
Culture.
The Kaingang language is classified as a member of the "Ge" family, the largest language family in the Macro-Ge stock. The Kaingang territory occupies the modern states of São Paulo, Paraná, Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul (and, until the beginning of the 20th century, Misiones, Argentina). Today they live in around 30 indigenous lands (similar to Native American reservations), especially at Rio Grande do Sul and Paraná. 
In the 1960s, because of a missionary interest (conducted by the Summer Institute of Linguistics (SIL)), the language was studied by Ursula Wiesemann.
Phonology.
Consonants.
A large number of allophones map to a set of 14 phonemes:
All consonants have varying allophones depending on their position in the word and on the adjancency of nasal vowels:
Vowels.
The vowels of the central column may be central or back: . and are both realized as in atonic syllables, while and are both .
Orthography.
Wiesemann proposed an alphabet for the language, which is still in use despite some problems. It is based on the Latin script, and consists of fourteen consonants and fourteen vowels, matching the fourteen consonants and fourteen vowels of the Kaingang language.
There are dictionaries and a grammars available for Kaingang. A school was set up in 1969 to teach the Kaingang people to read and write their language. However, the school produced many Kaingang speakers who went back to their reservations to teach others and spread the writing innovations they learned. Only one of the dialects is used as the standard written form, though having the writing system provided a source of pride in the language for the Kaingang people. A Kaingang bible has been published, as well as a dictionary and other publications.
Examples of Kaingang writing can be found on Omniglot.
Grammar.
Postpositions.
Kaingang makes use of postpositions.
Pospositions are also used to mark subject.
Verbs.
Kaingang verbs do not inflect.

</doc>
<doc id="20529733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529733" title="Indies Choice Book Awards">
Indies Choice Book Awards

The Indies Choice Book Award (formerly known as Book Sense Book of the Year 2000-2008) is an American literary award that was inaugurated at BookExpo America 2000. The American Booksellers Association (ABA) rededicated the award (previously known as the ABBY) in recognition of a new era in bookselling, as well as the important role the Book Sense Picks List has played for independent booksellers in discovering and spreading the word about books of quality to all stores, and readers, nationwide. Throughout the year, Book Sense independent booksellers from across the country nominate for inclusion in the monthly Book Sense Picks the books that they most enjoyed hand-selling to their customers. The books on each list represent a combined national and local staff pick selection of booksellers' favorites from more than 1,200 independent bookstores with Book Sense.
The award was renamed the Indies Choice Book Award in 2009.
Indies Choice Book Award Winners.
2012
2011
2010
2009

</doc>
<doc id="20529744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529744" title="If U Seek Amy">
If U Seek Amy

"If U Seek Amy" (edited for radio as "If U See Amy") is a song recorded by American singer Britney Spears for her sixth studio album, "Circus" (2008). It was released on March 10, 2009 by Jive Records as the third single of the album, and was chosen by a poll on Spears's official website. "If U Seek Amy" was written and produced by Swedish producer Max Martin, who also wrote previous hits for her first three albums and marked as Spears's comeback song to Martin since 2001. In the song, Spears is looking for a woman named Amy in a club, and although it appears to be about sex, it is actually about how society perceives her life. Musically, "If U Seek Amy" is a pop song with influences of electropop and usage of instruments such as synthesizers and timpani.
"If U Seek Amy" was generally well received by contemporary critics, who praised Spears's confident vocals and frequently cited it as the highlight of the album. After its release, "If U Seek Amy" caused controversy in English-speaking countries for the double entendre and lyrical content, with the Parents Television Council (PTC) threatening to file indecency complaints against any radio station that played the song during daytime. An edited version of the song titled "If U See Amy" was released in some regions, including in stations owned by Clear Channel Radio and Austereo Radio Network. "If U Seek Amy" was a moderate success, reaching the top twenty in Australia, the United States, Canada, Ireland, the United Kingdom and many other countries worldwide. It was also her third single from "Circus" to reach the top twenty in the United States.
The music video for "If U Seek Amy" begins with a parody of an "America's Newsroom" report by Megyn Kelly and portrays Spears at a sex party that takes place at her house. Towards the end, she changes into conservative housewife clothes and opens the front door with her family while paparazzi take pictures of them. It references some of her previous music videos such as "...Baby One More Time" and "Piece of Me". Critics noted the similarities with her past work and also compared it to the film "Eyes Wide Shut". "If U Seek Amy" was performed at The Circus Starring Britney Spears (2009) and the Femme Fatale Tour (2011).
Background.
The song was co-written and produced by Max Martin, who wrote hits for Spears' first albums, including "...Baby One More Time" (1998) and "Oops!... I Did It Again" (2000). This marked the first time they worked together since her third studio album, "Britney" (2001). Recording sessions took place at Conway Recording Studios and Sunset Studios in Hollywood, California. Background vocals by Kinnda and Martin were recorded at Maratone Studios in Stockholm, Sweden. The recordings were mixed by Serban Ghenea at MixStar Studios in Virginia. On December 5, 2008, a poll was added to Spears' official website to choose the third single, involving ten other songs from "Circus". On January 7, 2009, it was announced that "If U Seek Amy" had won, receiving 26% of the total votes.
Music and lyrics.
"If U Seek Amy" is an uptempo pop song containing electropop influences. The song runs through a dance-oriented beat and features many instruments, including keyboards, bass drums, electric guitars and timpani. According to the sheet music published at musicnotes.com by Hal Leonard Corporation, the song has a beat of 130 beats per minute and is written in the key of A minor. Spears's vocal range spans from G3-C5. In the song, Spears seems to be looking for a woman named Amy in a club. It has been suggested that Amy is either Amy Winehouse or an alter ego of Spears herself. The verses end with the hookline "Hahahehehahaho", that according to Poppy Cossins of "The Sun", is fitting to "the album's carnivalesque overtone". The chorus begins with the lines "Love me, hate me / Say what you want about me", a reference to the public's perception and fascination with Spears' life. This presents Spears both as "an object of desire and a punching bag". According to Neil McCormick of "The Daily Telegraph", this line also hints at the public image of British singer Amy Winehouse. 
The title, "If U Seek Amy", is a double entendre, meaning to sound like "F-U-C-K me" when heard in the chorus, "All of the boys and all of the girls are begging to if you seek Amy". This double entendre was compared to the title of Van Halen's 1991 album, "For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge", as well as a portion of James Joyce's "Ulysses".
Critical reception.
The song received generally positive reviews. Chris Williams of "Billboard" said the song is "Max Martin and Spears at their best: a stomping dance floor beat with building synths prodding the song along and the singer sounding like she's having a blast being the bad girl". "Rolling Stone" writer Caryn Ganz called the song one of the standout tracks of the album. Alexis Pretridis of "The Guardian" commented that her stronger and confident delivery in the chorus was noticeably lacking in the rest of the album. Joey Guerra of "The Houston Chronicle" also said that the "more aggressive, pointed persona" Spears adopts in the song is one of the high points of the album. "The Emory Wheel"'s writer Julia Cox called it "the album's strongest and most unorthodox song". Ricardo Baca of "The Denver Post" named the song the most fascinating track of the album and commented on the double entendre, saying "It's trashy and clever, and it's also quite fun. And fun is exactly what Spears should be aiming for". However, there were also some negative reviews. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic said the song is "a Katy Perry-styled exercise in crass commercial carnality that is at once the best and worst song here". Chris Willman of "Entertainment Weekly" called it "puerile" and added that "it'll be a middle-school sensation". "NME" named it one of the filthiest songs of all time.
Public reaction.
Controversy was first reported by Australian music site Undercover.com.au on December 5, 2008, after the release of the album. Leonie Barsenbach, a housewife from Sydney, said, "I was astonished and totally taken aback when I heard my 5 and 7 year old kids walking around the house singing 'F-U-C-K' ... When I asked them what it was, they told me it was Britney Spears. I was horrified. I got them the "Circus" album but there was no warning on it ... It is extremely offensive. I feel deceived". "Rolling Stone" writer Daniel Kreps defended Spears, arguing that parents should have been aware of the singer's musical themes. After the song was announced as the third single from the album, American radio stations were unsure about playing the track due to its double entendre in the chorus. Program directors of Z100 and KIIS-FM compared the issues to be faced by their radio stations to the release of the 2005 The Black Eyed Peas single, "Don't Phunk with My Heart", saying that "listeners thought it was the other word, and so we had to change it to 'mess'". Program director Patti Marshall of Q102 said "It's ok to put in on an album, have fun with it, but we're publicly owned, you know? [...] It's not about us. It's about the mom in the minivan with her 8-year-old". WFLZ's Tommy Chuck said his station produced their own edit of the song that replaced "seek" with "see", with the station's disc jockeys referring to it as "If U See Amy".
Shortly after, the Parents Television Council (PTC) threatened to file indecency complaints with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) against any station that played the song between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. PTC President Tim Winter said "there is no misinterpreting the lyrics to this song, and it's certainly not about a girl named Amy. It's one thing for a song with these lyrics to be included on a CD so that fans who wish to hear it can do so, but it's an entirely different matter when this song is played over the publicly owned airwaves, especially at a time when children are likely to be in the listening audience". RBR.com reported that "interestingly, "Circus" was reviewed by Common Sense Media, another organization whose mission is to help parents manage their children's media consumption. It rated it appropriate for age 13 and up, but made no specific mention of 'If U Seek Amy'. Even more interestingly, reputed incoming FCC Chair Julius Genachowski is a founding board member of Common Sense". The threats of the PTC were later extended to cable music channels that played the music video; however, the FCC does not have control over cable.
On January 23, 2009, Tom Poleman, senior vice president of programming for Clear Channel Radio, announced they planned to play an edited version. Sharon Dastur of Z100 added that Spears had recorded a new version of the song and the new edit would be provided by Jive Records. David Hinckley of the "Daily News" commented that "Clear Channel, which laid off 9% of its workforce this week, is hardly in the mood to finance an FCC fight right now". Finally, a radio edit titled "If U See Amy" was released to American radio stations, which changes the "seek" to "see". The amended version was released in the UK in May. While the song has not officially been renamed or released in Australia, some radio stations, such as those belonging to the Austereo Radio Network, play the censored version, while others continue to play the uncensored. Both the music video and the international radio single remain "If U Seek Amy".
Commercial performance.
According to Nielsen SoundScan, "If U Seek Amy" sold over 107,000 digital copies in the United States within two weeks of the album's release. On April 11, 2009, the song peaked at number seventeen on the "Billboard" Hot Digital Songs. On May 9, 2009, the song peaked at number nineteen on the "Billboard" Hot 100, making "Circus" the first Spears album to have three top twenty hits since her 1999 debut, "...Baby One More Time". As of June 2012, "If U Seek Amy" has sold 1,255,000 paid digital downloads in the United States, according to Nielsen SoundScan. It is her tenth best-selling digital single in the country. In Canada the song debuted at eighty-eight on December 20, 2008. It returned on February 14, 2009 at eighty-six before reaching the thirteenth position, where it finally peaked on April 4, 2009.
"If U Seek Amy" debuted at number forty-nine on the ARIA Singles Chart on February 16, 2009, and moved to a peak position of eleven on March 30, 2009, also becoming the chart's "greatest gainer". It has since been certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) with sales of over 35,000 copies. "If U Seek Amy" entered the UK Singles Chart at number forty-five on April 6, 2009 due to its rising digital sales. After its physical release, it peaked at number twenty on May 10, 2009. According to The Official Charts Company, the song has sold 105,000 copies there. "If U Seek Amy" also achieved success worldwide, reaching the top ten in Belgium (Wallonia), France and Turkey, and the top twenty in Belgium (Flanders), Ireland, New Zealand and Sweden.
Music video.
Development.
The music video for "If U Seek Amy" was filmed on February 7, 2009, at Pacific Palisades, California and was directed by Jake Nava, who previously worked with Spears for her "My Prerogative" music video. Spears was styled by David Thomas for the video. During the scenes at the party, she wears American Apparel wet-looking leggings and a black corset from London lingerie designer Bordelle with diamond-shaped holes. She also wears a pair of red high-heeled Louboutins with rouced petals, that were not available for sale until a month after the video was released. When she is dressed as a housewife, Spears has a blonde wig, wears a pale pink sweater, a white skirt from Derek Lam and a Lacoste polo shirt. The music video premiered on March 12, 2009, on both Virgin Mobile's official website and Spears's official websites.
Synopsis.
The video starts with a news anchor (played by Kristina Mitchell) saying the title of the song above a news banner that reads "Britney Spears song lyrics spell out obscenity in disguise". This is actually a parody of an "America's Newsroom" report by Megyn Kelly. It then skips to a house, in which a sex party is coming to an end. Spears starts singing while sitting on the edge of a bed while the people that surround her are getting dressed. She gets up and looks out the window. As the first verse ends, she picks up a pair of panties from the floor, recalling her personal struggles and the "Piece of Me" video. She dances with four male dancers in the first chorus. During the second chorus, she dances with four other female dancers dressed in cheerleading outfits, while many men are watching them dance. The screen fades to white and Spears begins to change into a conservative '50s-inspired housewife outfit. As the chorus begins again, she comes out of her bedroom. She walks down the stairs, with dancers surrounding her and a woman gives her a potholder, which she uses to pick up a pie. After this, she walks out the front door of the house and is joined by her seemingly conservative-looking husband and children, one of them dressed with the schoolgirl outfit Spears wore in the "...Baby One More Time" video. As they go down the walkway, they are surrounded by paparazzi, who have no idea what goes on behind closed doors. While the kids and husband wave, Spears smiles for the camera and blows a kiss. The video then ends with the news anchor saying, "Doesn't make any sense, does it?".
Reception.
James Montgomery of MTV stated that the video manages to combine elements from her previous music videos, such as the style of "Everytime" and the attitude of "Stronger". He also referred to it as "a pretty amazing amalgamation of all things Brit, and a nice primer of her entire career up to this point". "Rolling Stone" writer Daniel Kreps compared the party on the video to the 1999 film "Eyes Wide Shut" and added that "this may be the first Spears video ever crafted strictly with the morally-lax Internet in mind, a brazen clip that doesn't have to tone down its explicit nature lyrically and visually in order to get airplay". Chris Johnson of the "Daily Mail" compared Spears' housewife style to one of her looks in a 2001 Pepsi commercial. Leah Greenblatt of "Entertainment Weekly" said, "it's kind of difficult to believe the song's real meaning will get past even the thickest listener, the video itself is pretty tame...almost disappointingly so". The reviewer also compared the hairstyle of Spears during the housewife scenes to Marilyn Monroe.
Live performances.
Spears performed the song during 2009's The Circus Starring Britney Spears. After a performance of "Boys" from "Britney", Spears performed a military drill with her male dancers, which ended with her putting on a faux fur vest to perform "If U Seek Amy". At the end, Spears pulled a giant pink hammer and proceeded to hit her dancers off the stage, in a similar way to Whac-A-Mole. Jerry Shriver of "USA Today" said in the opening night of the tour, "single 'If U Seek Amy' draws a huge roar and sing-along from the crowd as Spears shakes her long blond mane". Craig Rosen of "The Hollywood Reporter" commented, "The artist that raised the ire of parents from the beginning in her scandalous schoolgirl outfit also continues to use shock-and-awe tactics. Her latest, 'If U Seek Amy' [... was included in the set, much to the delight of her young fans".
"If U Seek Amy" was also performed by Spears at 2011's Femme Fatale Tour. Spears reappeared onstage after "Lace and Leather" to perform a jazz-inspired version of the song, wearing a white skirt and standing over a fan, recalling Marilyn Monroe's iconic scene in "The Seven Year Itch" (1955). The backdrops behind her showed 1940s crime film-inspired black-and-white footage while photographers in colorful outfits took pictures of her. Rick Florino of Artistdirect said, "Marrying old school detective fare and stadium-size anthems is something no other pop star has done, and once again Britney's the first." Nicki Escudero of the "Phoenix New Times" stated that it was "nice" to hear remixed versions of older hits, "such as the jazzy 'If You Seek Amy,' the sultry and Middle Eastern-inspired 'Boys' and the sped-up 'Toxic'."

</doc>
<doc id="20529747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529747" title="Multi-stop truck">
Multi-stop truck

Multi-stop trucks (also known as walk-in delivery or step vans) are a type of light-duty and medium-duty truck created for local deliveries to residences and businesses. They are almost always forward-control vehicles, designed to be driven either sitting down or standing up, and often provide easy access between the driver and goods, hence the name "Walk-In Delivery" van. They are taller than full-size vans such as the Ford Econoline, Dodge A-Series/B-Series/Ram Vans, and Chevrolet G-Series vans, but can have wheelbases that are shorter than these models or longer.
__TOC__
Uses.
Though commonly referred to as "bread trucks" and "bakery trucks," trucks like these are used for delivering many other goods and services. Many have also referred to them as "Step-Vans" despite the fact that this was a name only used by Chevrolet (see below).
Another common group of users include electric power companies, both with and without cherry picker scoops. The ones with such devices tend to be half-cab vans. Occasionally they've been mounted with common truck bodies, such as bottlers. In the 1980s Frito-Lay bought fleets of Olsons that were redesigned to tow light commercial 5th-wheel Olson trailers. School and library systems frequently have used them for bookmobiles, when bus bodies are not preferred.
Partially due to their size, they have also been used as large ambulances. Subsequently, fire departments have also used them for this purpose, as well as for utility vehicles, radio command centers, canteens, and other secondary work. Police S.W.A.T. teams and other special units have used them as combined deployment and mobile command centers. An all aluminum 1974 CM-Series International Harvester Metro Van P-40 painted black and lettered in white fitted with red takedown lamps and a siren speaker on its white roof was featured speeding to, and famously skidding to halt at, a crime scene for the 1975-76 police action title sequence of the TV series "S.W.A.T." and was typically featured four or five times each episode to the show's theme song as the team was dispatched; running aboard, traveling in while utilizing the radio-telephone and jumping out of the Mobile Tactical Unit.
Postal workers also use them in larger deliveries. Parcel companies such as UPS and FedEx have used them for decades. Since 1966, Grumman-Olson,and Southern, have made UPS trucks designed exclusively for that company. Ice cream distributors such as Mister Softee and others have found these types of trucks to be far more suitable than cowl-and-chassis-based pickup trucks. Many have been converted into "Jitney" buses. Some are converted into motor homes either by manufacturers or private citizens who buy used models.
Manufacturers.
As of today, most manufacturers of these types of vehicles build them on existing chassis made by General Motors, Ford and Freightliner Trucks. These include such companies as Flxible Flx-Van, DurAvan, DeKalb, Lyn and Utilimaster. Boyertown has built this type, referring to them as "Step Vans".

</doc>
<doc id="20529761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529761" title="Concentrix Solar">
Concentrix Solar

Concentrix Solar GmbH is a German solar power company based in Freiburg, specialized in concentrated photovoltaics (CPV) technology. In December 2009, Concentrix Solar was acquired by the French Soitec Group.
History.
It was founded in 2005, as a spin-off company of the Fraunhofer Institute for Solar Energy Systems ISE. Concentrix Solar builds large concentrator solar power plants suitable for sunny areas. In 2007, Concentrix Solar was awarded the Innovation Award of the German Economy for its CPV technology. From February 2006 to December 2009, the investment company Good Energies was invested in Concentrix Solar. Abengoa Solar was an investor of Concentrix Solar from November 2007 to December 2009.
Technical details.
Concentrix concentrated photovoltaics(CPV) modules bundle sunlight up to 500 times with the use of fresnel lenses and focus it on III-V based Triple-junction solar cells (GaInP/GaInAs/Ge), which then convert the light into electrical energy. To ensure that the sunlight is concentrated precisely on the solar cell the CPV modules are installed on a two-axis sun tracking system. With its CPV technology Concentrix Solar achieves a module efficiency of 27%.

</doc>
<doc id="20529762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529762" title="Jean-Jacques Caffieri">
Jean-Jacques Caffieri

Jean-Jacques Caffieri (29 April 1725 - 22 June 1792) was a French sculptor. He was appointed "sculpteur du Roi" to Louis XV and later afforded lodgings in the Galeries du Louvre. He designed the fine "rampe d'escalier" which still adorns the Palais Royal. He is better known for his portrait busts, in terracotta or marble: his bust of Madame du Barry is at the Hermitage Museum, St Petersburg. He made a name with his busts of Pierre Corneille and Jean Racine for the foyer of the Comédie Française.
Life.
He was born in Paris and came from a family of sculptors from Italy, who had moved to France during cardinal Mazarin's regency. His father Jacques Caffieri and his elder brother Philippe Caffieri were also sculptors. Jean-Jacques remained unmarried and had no children. A pensionary at the Villa Medici in Rome from 1749 to 1753, as well as a student of François Lemoyne, he joined the Académie Royale de Peinture et de Sculpture in France in 1757. He produced bust or portraits of many great men, notably Pierre Corneille, Thomas Corneille, Philippe Quinault, Jean de la Fontaine and Jean-Philippe Rameau, as well as the monument to Richard Montgomery in St. Paul's Chapel in New York. His students included Jean-Joseph Foucou.

</doc>
<doc id="20529765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529765" title="Dharmapur union">
Dharmapur union

Dharmapur union () is a union of Fatikchhari Upazila of Chittagong District.
Geography.
Area of Dharmapur: 3,719 acres (15.05 km2).
Location.
North: Nanupur union 
East: Kawkhali Upazila
South: Kawkhali Upazila
West: Baktapur union & Jafotnagar union
Population.
As of 1991 Bangladesh census, Dharmapur union has a population of 20,168 and house units 3469.
Educational institutions.
There are many educational institutions in this village.Dharmapur amdadul ulum madrasha. Among them, Dharmapur KG school, Dharmapur high school,north dharmapur high school.Azadibazar madrasha,Hazrat Zaber(R)Islamic Academy,Rahmania senior madrasha,Sultanul Ulum madrasa,and other.
Marketplaces and bazars.
Azadi bazar is the main marketplace of the Union. Ramju Monsir Hat also historical Market in this
area which is adjacent to Dharmapur Multi lateral high school.
Famous persons.
Famous residents include:-
External links.
Dr. Anwar Pasha Chowdhury was a famous physician in this area of Fatickchari. He started practicing in 1953, and worked until 1998 when he became sick. He was the first graduate allopathy doctor in the area. Dr Anwar died in 2005.
References.
Information:[http://www.lcgbangladesh.org/derweb/Population_Union.xls]

</doc>
<doc id="20529767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529767" title="Peter Alfred Gross">
Peter Alfred Gross

__NOTOC__
Peter Alfred Gross (1849–1914) was an American landscape painter known primarily for his French seascapes and countrysides. Gross was born in Allentown, Pennsylvania, in the Lehigh Valley region of the United States. Most of his career (1874–1914) was spent living and painting in France, where he also studied with Edmond Marie Petitjean. He exhibited at the Paris Salon and at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts.
Notable students of Gross included Arlington Nelson Lindenmuth, who was the husband of his cousin.

</doc>
<doc id="20529771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529771" title="Featherstone, Northumberland">
Featherstone, Northumberland

Featherstone is a village in Northumberland, England about west of Hexham, and about south of Greenhead.
History.
Featherstone was one of the castles defending the Tyne Gap. The castle, nestling beside the South Tyne as it turns up to its sources by Cross Fell, has been so rebuilt and re-used that it is hard to appreciate its military significance.
The legends and tales of the great pile of Featherstone are horrifying, as in one case they are founded on fact. Featherstone today is one of the most impressive castles in Northumberland. Its setting, close to the ford across the Tyne which it guarded, is encircled by the steep hills which rise from the river, and the bastion of Tynedale Fell. Sometime before the year 1200 there was a castle at Featherstone. There is mention of a Featherstonehaugh living there in 1212. In all its long history, only five families have lived and owned the castle of the Featherstonehaughs, the original owners, who lost their estates in the English Civil War, when like many Northumbrians they supported the cause of Charles I. Parliament sold the estates to the Earl of Carlisle, but, in 1711, a Featherstonehaugh who was mayor of Newcastle bought the estate of his ancestors. His son however, when he inherited an estate in Sussex, sold it to James Wallace, who eventually by marriage became a Hope-Wallace, and the Featherstone estate remained in the possession of the family until it became a school during the Second World War. It is now owned by Colonel John Clark, who has a long family connection with the district.
The "L"-shaped tower dates from 1330, and although extensive alterations were carried out during the ownership of the Hope-Wallace family, much that is old remains. There are a twelfth-century doorway "and thirteenth-century buttresses, which are part of the old "Hall house", and also a Jacobean postern door in a wonderful state of preservation. Some of the masonry bears Scottish craftsmen's marks.
In the sixteenth century, Richard Featherstonehaugh was a chaplain to Catherine of Aragon and, because of his loyalty to this first wife of Henry VIII, he was executed. Although the family of Ridley were no doubt involved in the murder of Sir Albany Featherstonehaugh, and "took his life by the Deadmanshaw", the verse of poetry from "Marmion" is not genuine.
Surtees composed the lines but persuaded Sir Walter Scott that it was a traditional ballad handed down through the generations. Scott accepted the verse as genuine and by now many people have come to believe that it is!
Another dark chapter in the history of the Ridleys is connected with the family of Featherstonehaugh, and has become one of the best known legends. In Pinkingscleugh, where at one time dwelt a witch named Beardie Grey, who disappeared one stormy night after making the usual blood-thirsty prophecies, there can be seen at midnight a ghostly wedding party who were "set upon" by the Ridleys of Hardriding near Bardon Mill. The old house at Hardriding is still occupied, and there long ago a Hugh Ridley lived who was in love with the heiress of Feather-stone Castle. The heiress's father had other ideas about a bridegroom for his daughter, and the girl, whose name was Abigal, was married, on her part most reluctantly, to a distant cousin. The Ridleys no doubt knew what was taking place in the little chapel at Featherstone, and they waited until the bridal party went on a hunting expedition as part of the celebrations. In the dark glen of Pinkingscleugh, the Ridley clan waited until the bridal party appeared. The intention was to carry off the bride to Hardriding but, like most of the plans of those days, everything went wrong, and the unfortunate bride, who threw herself between her bridegroom and her lover, was killed and Hugh Ridley, realizing what had happened, according to the story, "put an end to his existence".
Governance.
Featherstone is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham.

</doc>
<doc id="20529780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529780" title="Peter Gross">
Peter Gross

Peter Gross may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20529791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529791" title="Caffieri family">
Caffieri family

The Caffieri family was an Italian family of sculptors active in France in the 17th and 18th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="20529804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529804" title="Church of the Misericórdia de Valadares">
Church of the Misericórdia de Valadares

The Church of the Miserícordia de Valadares (), or "Church of Mercy/Charity of Valadares", is a 17th/18th-century Portuguese church located in the civil parish of Valadares, municipality of Monção in continental Portugal. Constructed with motifs in the neoclassical and baroquestyles, the temple was classified as "Property of Public Interest" () in 1961.
History.
Originally, the need to establish a presence in the village of Valadares was developed in 1535, when the religious brotherhood approached King Philip I of Portugal to solicit its creation. But, it was only in 1687 that the project to build a church was contemplated: the design was issued to master Domingos Gonçalves at a cost of 3$500 réis. Those that wanted to join the brotherhood of the Misericórdia of Valadares was required to pay a tribute: in the first half of the 18th century membership dues were between $300 and $480 réis, depending on their station and level of participation. The primary administrative body of this group (the ) was different then most Misericórdias at the time: it included a provedor, secretary, prosecutor (all men of high status), a treasurer and twelve brothers (the remaining of lower status). There were also four councillors from the wealthy gentry that formed the junta. In total 16 elements, that met several times throughout the year, when it was necessary but not on fixed intervals. (occasionally, the entire quorum would meet also as the "Mesa grande"). Members of the inner quorum included the clergy of the neighbouring parishes and a few military officers, while it is likely that the powerful, wealthy nobles of Monção and Melgaço were integrated into this group. 
The charitable organization decided to construct a new house in Valadares in 1688. Stonemason Francisco Gonçalves (of the parish of Ceivães) and his assistant Francisco da Costa solicited the "Misericórdia" for funds to complete the project, at one time addressing their treasurer André Gomes to transfer the 148$000 réis from the organization's coffers. In 1689, the Misericórdia purchased a house from Manuel Monteiro, that existed alongside the old Misericórdia building for 57$700, in order to build the new building. This project proceeded during the mid 18th century, and involved a string of masons, painters, sculptures and masters. By 1736, already complete, there was a decision to complete renovations of the main chancel and two lateral chapels, with a promise of 30$000 réis from brother Domingos Domingues Ramos. 
At this time (1738) the Misericórdia had eleven clergy providing services, such as the legate of the Deão da Baía, who issued an order that the Misericórdia, among other obligations, should celebrate 500 masses for the souls in purgatory (around 1741). In the same year a new project was begun by the painter Luís Peixoto (from Arcos de Valdevez) for 386$500, but having insufficient funds, the brotherhood contracted a loan for 300$000 réis to pay the difference. A tender for the lateral altars was completed in favour of António Gandra for 81$000 réis in 1748. In the same period, the brothers decided to open an exterior door and window. But, this project created tensions with Captain-General João Manuel de Araújo Azevedo e Andrade who stopped the project, alleging that he had territorial rights of access from his residence through the locality. In order to end the conflict, the monks decided to provide the General a key to the church, in order that he may have access, at his leisure, to the ""divine offices"" of the Misericórdia. Shortly thereafter, a new administrative body rescinded this privilege and confiscated the key, owing to issues of security. 
In 1749, the exterior, including the courtyard and benches were remodelled by master mason João do Cano, for 68$500 réis, a price that he reduced three times; the cost of the project diminished so greatly, that by the end of the commission, the mason petitioned the administrative council to raise his stipend, in order to cover his personal costs. The brotherhood, owing to their satisfaction, obliged the artisan, since they felt the project was well conceived and executed, but subtracted a promised eight alqueires of corn (which was also promised at the time). The ombudsman of the "Confraria das Almas", solicited the participation of the brothers of the Misericórdia in order to realize a remodelling of their altar, since there was exposed wood and damage, and since they alone did not have the capacity to pay the costs of such a project on their own. The group already had a guarantee from the "Confraria de São Pedro" for this project, but request 30$000 réis for gold-leafing and work on the retable (the Misericórdia offered 20$000). 
The residents of the town petitioned the Misericórdia administration to install an image of the "Cristo Crucificado" ("Crucified Christ") in the chancelin 1750. The brothers consented as long as the completed work remained with the Misericórdia. The parishioners were authorized to realize religious ceremonies at the altar, including festivals, as long as they did not coincide with those of the Misericórdia. It was father Manuel de Sousa, in the name of the parishioners, that solicited this authorization, guaranteeing all costs would be paid by the devotees, which was accepted by the council, as long as they ""did not affect the benefits of the Santa Casa"" and that the altar was built below the arch.
Conflict between the municipal government followed. In September 1752, the confreres derided the council while demanding that they show them their books. This was done to since the there existed an accord to split the funds paid by vendors who used the churchyard, and there is existed some skepticism on the part of the brotherhood as to their rights and remuneration. The brothers counselled reform of the accord between the partners, but petitioned the King to""give each man his right"". The following year the vendors, who occupied the spaces of the brotherhood, used the church tower to tie-down their tents and used the church pews for their own use, which created tensions. These vendors eventually armed their tents some distance from the church, and solicited the brotherhood for space in front of the "Misericórdia Velha" in order to establish their tents. The confreres consented to the rental, but determined that no part of the churchyard would be occupied again.
In 1764, the confreres petitioned royal authority to build a tomb, which was a typical of the period, since the space had no place to bury their dead. The tomb was located the eastern corner of the church and "Misericórdia Velha". 
While, by 1765, it was able to take in 324$861 réis in receipts, while expending 302$000 réis (a meager profit), by 1804 the situation had turned grave. The brotherhood of the Misericórdia sent a letter to the Crown, informing it of "grave financial situation" that existed in the Santa Casa, referring to corruption of the previous board. In their communique, the former brotherhood of not paying the expenses; of taking monies belonging to the Santa Casa; of embezzling moneys destined to it from a benefactor (José de Araújo Pereira, who had died in Rio de Janeiro in 1787, leaving behind 4000 cruzados); and of pocketing accumulated interest from these receipts. Upon receiving these charges, the Prince Regent ordered an inspection of the state of the finances of Santa Casa, sending in an administrator/auditor from the comarca of Viana do Castelo. It was only in 1807 when the review was officially begun into the accounts of the Misericórdia. The 1787 auditor, Bento Manuel Machado de Araújo, explained that he had taken 1200$000 from the benefactor, but had made all the necessary provisions. Regardless, the analysis by auditors between 1774 and 1804 revealed a debit of 1789$869 réis, but that the Misericórdia had not received 11553$949 in outstanding payments. This analysis only helped to confirm the decision of the Administrator General of the district of Viana do Castelo in 1838: a majority of the "Misericórdias" were badly administrated, resulting in the loss of funds, that was treated by their administration with little zeal. In 1839, the same Administrator sent a financial commissioner to reform the bureaucracy, examine the errors and clean up the sloppiness in the Misericórdia of Valadares. 
In 1848, a tender was issued to many of the masons for the remodelling of the exterior walls of the church.
In 1855, the municipality of Valadares is extinguished. 
By the last quarter of the 19th century, the church continued to be remodelled in some form, which included the construction of the valance of the triumphal arch and the lateral retables of the chancel were constructed.
On 3 August 1931, the administrative table of the Misericórdia begins to be managed by an administrative commission. But, by 28 February 1955, this group realized its last session.
Architecture.
The church is located in the centre of the town of Valadares, in a space that was used traditionally for fair, and whose vendors paid a fee to occupy space. It is found in an elevated churchyard, encircled by wall and bunkets of rock, with the access made by a lateral staircase and railing crowned by pinnacles topped with spheres. 
The church plan is composed of a rectangular nave and chancel, bell-tower and sacristy, as well as polygonal annex: each articulated space is topped by tiled roof. Although the facades are plastered and whitewashed, the foundations, doorways and windows are projected cornices, with wedge pilasters on the corners, while the building is surmounted by pinnacles and crosses on most gables. 
The principal facade, with vibrant entablature and metopes, is overlaid by a triangular pediment, with the tympanum hosting an image of "Nossa Senhora da Misericórdia" ("OurLady of Mercy"). An arched portal-arched, based on Tuscan capitals, is framed by a space defined by Tuscan pilasters, supporting a curved pediment over a metope entablature. On either side of this symmetrical facade are two rectangular windows. The four-storey bell-tower that includes: a stone clock, four-exposure belfry, a stone face with cornices and a copula with four corner and one central pinnacles. The north façade has two rectangular windows at the nave and chancel, while two windows and door on the southern façade. 
The frontispiece follows the model of the Church of São Vitor (Braga), although simplified, that introduces some modifications, such as the arch on the portico. It has several structural affinities with the front facade and interior of the Church of the Misericórdia in Monção. Much like in the churches of Monção and Ponte de Lima, this church has squared-off vaulted ceilings over cornices that are supported by corbels, and lateral niches with Neoclassical gilded retables, hiding much of its structure. The coat-of-arms of the Santa Casa da Misericórdia are located on the roof of the sub-choir, choir stalls and the confessionaries in the chancel. Paintings on the roof of the nave, are also similar to those in Monção, although the content here is richer, while figures are treated more naively. The figures on the ceiling of the chancel are treated much better than in the nave, and the themes were influenced by the treasties of friar Luis de Melgaço, reconciling many biblical examples of the priests of the Catholic and Orthodox churches, the virtues and saints. Along with the Misericórdia of Melgaço, the church of Valadares was the only district without a hospital in the 19th century: there are no documents that suggested that the Misericórdia was used for this role, as was typical of the period.
Interior.
The interior is plastered and whitewashed. A choir is located on arched corbels with wooden balustrades accessible from a door to the right. Meanwhile the sub-choir with wooden awnings, is accessible from the right arm of the Santa Casa da Misericórdia alongside a baptismal fountain. 
On the opposite wall there is a door flanked by soupe, with a rectangular pulpit on a stone corbel, surrounded by a wooden balustrade. At the front of the nave, there are two retables with gilded carvings, protected by iron railings, that shelter the image of the "Sacred Heart of Jesus" (pulpit side) and "Our Lady of Fátima" (epistle-side), both flanked by pews. 
The floors are in wood, while the angular roof, is divided into square boxes, painted along the centre with the images from the life of the Virgin, while along the two lateral rows show scenes from the life of Christ. On the extreme ends of the nave are symbols representing the martyrdom of Christ, while a triumphal arch, filled with a gilt valance. The main chapel has two closets and two lateral niches, framed in stone and trimmed with curved pediment, with carved and gilded retables.
The main altar, carved and gilded, with a tabernacle surrounded by angels, includes a throne with the "Holy Eucharist". The paved floor and curved roof are in wood, with a projected cornice and wood panels painted with images from the bible's Old Testament, the fathers of the Orthodox and the Catholic Church, the three cardinal virtues, saints Peter and Paul (the two pillars of the Catholic Church) and a scene from the Adoration of the Magi. 
With the squared-off vaulted ceiling from the high-choir to the triumphal arch are scenes from the life the Virgin Mary: "São Joaquim, Santa Ana e a Virgem" ("Saint Joachim, Saint Anne and the Virigin"); "Santa Ana ensina a Virgem a ler" ("Saint Anne teaches the Virgin to read"); "Anunciação" ("The Annunciation"); "Visitação" ("The Visitation"); "Fuga para o Egipto" ("Flight into Egypt"); "Mater Omnium"; "Esponsais da Virgem" ("The Betrothal of the Virgin"); "Assunção da Virgem" ("The Assumption of the Virgin"); "Coroação da Virgem" ("The Heart of the Virgin"); and "Cristo Redentor" ("Christ the Redeemer"). In the two lateral tiers there are images from the life of Christ. On the right lateral tier, from the choir to arch: "São Lucas"; "São João Evangelista"; "Anjo com coluna" ("Angel with Column"); "Última Ceia" ("The Last Supper"); "Cristo no horto" ("Christ in the Garden of Gethsemane"); "beijo de Judas" ("Judas' Kiss"); "Cristo perante Pilatos" ("Christ before Pilate"); "Cristo atado à coluna" ("Christ bound to a column"); "colocação da coroa de espinhos" ("Placing the crown of thorns"); and "Ecce Homo". In counterpoint, on the left lateral tier: "Cristo inicia o caminho do Calvário" ("Christ begins his road to Cavalry"); "Simão de Cirene carregando a cruz" ("Simon of Cyrene carrying the cross"); "Jesus falando às mulheres de Jerusalém" ("Jesus talking to the women of Jerusalem"); "Crucificação" ("The Crucifixion"); "exalçamento da cruz" ("The Exclamation of the Cross"); "Calvário" ("Cavalry"); "Descida da cruz" ("Descent from the Cross"); "anjo com cruz" ("Angel with Cross"); "São Marcos"; and "São Mateus". On the extreme ends of the roof are figures of angels, with symbols of the martyrdom of Christ: carnations, crown of thorns, scourge, dice, sword, candle, shroud, hand, lance, torch, crop, chalice, rooster, a pouch with 30 pieces of coin and a flag with the inscription "S.P.Q.R".

</doc>
<doc id="20529810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529810" title="Phillup Partin">
Phillup Partin

For the Teamsters Union figure from Baton Rouge, Louisiana, see Edward Grady Partin.
Phillup Alan Partin (born June 29, 1965, Sacramento, California) is an American convicted murderer currently on Florida death row at the Florida State Prison. Partin was sentenced to death by a 9-3 vote in favour of the sentence by a jury on December 1, 2008 for the July 31, 2002 murder of 16-year old hitchhiker Joshan Ashbrook.
Murder.
Evidence at Partin's trial showed that he picked up Ashbrook as she hitchhiked along Florida on July 31, 2002. He and Ashbrook spent the day fishing and swimming with Partin's daughter, then 7, before returning to the New Port Richey house where he and his daughter were living. Prosecutors think Ashbrook was killed between 9 p.m. and midnight. The next morning, workers found her body in woods off Shady Hills Road. She had been strangled, her throat gashed and her neck broken. Nine days after the discovery, Partin dropped his daughter off in Wauchula and left the state. He was a fugitive for more than a year before investigators tracked him to Fayetteville, North Carolina. He was arrested there on October 28, 2003. The crime was featured on the TruTV crime show "Forensic Files"

</doc>
<doc id="20529818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529818" title="2008 Book Sense Book of the Year Awards">
2008 Book Sense Book of the Year Awards


</doc>
<doc id="20529819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529819" title="Dennis Blair (comedian)">
Dennis Blair (comedian)

Dennis Blair (born circa 1955) is an American stand-up comedian. He is best known for writing and appearing in the 1983 movie Easy Money alongside his mentor, Rodney Dangerfield.
Blair has served as the opening act for many famous comedians such as Rodney Dangerfield and George Carlin, which prompted him to write a book about those experiences. The book is titled "Me First".
Blair was a co-writer of the program for the 2005 and the 2006 Writers Guild Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20529830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529830" title="Andrew Coombs">
Andrew Coombs

Andrew Coombs is a Wales international rugby union player. His position is back-row forward or lock forward.
Career.
Coombs played for Newport Youth and Pontypool RFC before joining Newport RFC at the start of the 2006–07 season. He has made almost 50 appearances for Newport and in August 2008 he was made Newport's club captain, succeeding Dai Pattison who had captained the club for 2 years prior. He has also represented Wales at under-18 level.
Coombs made his debut for the Newport Gwent Dragons regional team in the 2009–10 season.
International.
In January 2013 he was selected in the 35 man Wales squad for the 2013 Six Nations championship. 
Coombs made his international debut for Wales as a lock forward in their first match of the 2013 Six Nations Championship against Ireland in the Millennium Stadium on 2 February 2013.
In May 2013 he was selected in the Wales national rugby union team 32 man training squad for the summer 2013 tour to Japan. 
International Caps.
Played 3, won 2, lost 1, drawn 0

</doc>
<doc id="20529831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529831" title="Surahia">
Surahia

Surahiya is a small village in the Ballia district of Uttar Pradesh, India. It is situated near the town of Sahatware at a distance of 3 km. This village is mainly famous for its contributions to independence, some people of this village are now called freedom fighters. Uttar tola foolwari, paschim tola baswari, and many more attracting sites are in the village. Many people were rewarded by huge land area in Nanital at the time of independence. The person who got one night prison, means he got properties instead no contribution they made in essence..

</doc>
<doc id="20529832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529832" title="Philippe Caffieri">
Philippe Caffieri

Philippe Caffieri may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20529834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529834" title="Operaatio Hurrikaani">
Operaatio Hurrikaani

Idea.
Operaatio Hurrikaani (Operation Hurricane) is an interactive combination of a television show and a website. It is targeted at boys and girls aged between 7–12 years.
Operaatio Hurrikaani is a production of YLE (Finnish Broadcasting Company).
The story.
Puuma (Puma) is a young fellow, who leads a double life: everybody thinks he's studying to become a teacher but actually he's a top secret agent. He has to fight against Tohtori Routa (Dr. Freeze) and his evil plans.
Puuma gets help from his curious aunt Sirkku, from an older agent Postimies and from a beautiful and hardworking girlagent Kleopatra.
How it works.
Each week the TV-show has a drama episode, which ends with a question and three alternatives. 
After that kids can log on to the website and help Puuma by giving their answer. Doing so they earn themselves a new mini-game, which they can use to train their skills as a secret agent. They also have an avatar, which can be modified by changing clothes, hair styles and spy gear.
Then on the TV-show at the following week, the correct answer for the question is shown.
There’s a prize draw for all participating agents. The winners are shown as the avatars they have created online in the weekly TV-show.
The cast.
Puuma "Puma" Tomi Alatalo
Sirkku Iina Suominen
Postimies "Postman" Olli Löytönen
Kleopatra Hanna Salo
Aleksandra Maria Isotalo
Routa "Dr. Freeze" Olli Mononen
Seasons.
1st season, episodes 1-20.
Aired 2007
2nd season, episodes 21-40.
Aired 2008
3rd season, episodes 41-50.
Aired 2009
4th season, episodes 51-70.
Aired 2009-2010
Website.
http://www.yle.fi/operaatiohurrikaani/

</doc>
<doc id="20529838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529838" title="Mailüfterl">
Mailüfterl

Mailüfterl is an Austrian nickname for the first transistorized computer on the European mainland. World-wide, the first computers of this kind were TRADIC, Harwell CADET and TX-0.
Mailüfterl was built in 1955 at the Vienna University of Technology by Heinz Zemanek. The name originates in a word-play by Zemanek: "Even if it cannot match the rapid calculation speed of American models called "Whirlwind" or "Typhoon", it will be enough for a "Wiener Mailüfterl" (which means something like Viennese May breeze)."The official name of the machine is "Binär dezimaler Volltransistor-Rechenautomat" (binary-decimal fully transistorized computing automaton). 
The computer consists of 3,000 transistors, 5,000 diodes, 1,000 assembly platelets, 100,000 solder joints, 15,000 resistors, 5,000 capacitors and 20,000 meters (12.43 miles approx) switching wire. With a width of 4 meters (13' 1 1/2"), a height of 2.5 meters (8' 2 1/2") and a depth of 50 centimeters (19 11/16"), the machine was comparable in calculating power to what were then considered small tube computers.
Zemanek said about his famous project later that it was a "semi-illegal" undertaking of an assistant professor, which he realized without official authorization and hence without financial support from the university, together with a group of students. In 1954 he traveled to Philips in Holland, where he asked for a donation in kind. The amount of 1,000 transistors was very difficult to obtain at any price, only seven years after their realization and with their commercialization just picking up speed. Yet Zemanek received a commitment for 1000 - rather slow - hearing aid transistors and Philips finally shipped a total of 4,000 high-quality transistors to the Austrians.

</doc>
<doc id="20529844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529844" title="SOMA Digest">
SOMA Digest

SOMA Digest is an English written newspaper in the Kurdistan Region, Iraq. Its printing offices are located in Baghdad and its press office in Sulaimaniya. The paper was launched on February 14, 2006. It is issued on a fortnight basis and distributed across the whole of Iraq, reporting on Kurdish and Iraqi affairs. Apart from containing analyses of the region's main topics, it also includes interviews with leading officials.
The paper was named after 'soma', which means 'perspective' in Kurdish. Its Managing Editor is Tanya Goudsouzian. It has a national circulation of 8,000 copies per issue. 
The paper has close affiliations with the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK).
Soma Digest on YouTube.
On January 1, 2010, SOMA Digest launched its online video channel on YouTube, thus aiming to spread its voice to a wider range of fans through the use of short pieces of viewing material.

</doc>
<doc id="20529847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529847" title="Philippe Caffieri (1714–1774)">
Philippe Caffieri (1714–1774)

Philippe Caffiéri (1714–1774) was a French sculptor. The son of Jacques Caffieri, he was received as a "maître fondeur-ciseleur", joined his father's workshop and sometimes signed his independent works, especially after the death of his father in 1755, P.CAFFIERI. The younger Philippe's style was gradually modified by the new taste for Neoclassicism. Like his father, he drew large sums from the crown, usually after giving many years credit, while many other years were needed by his heirs to get in the balance of the royal indebtedness.

</doc>
<doc id="20529860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529860" title="Michal Jonáš">
Michal Jonáš

Michal Jonáš (born 25 September 1986 in Myjava) is a Slovak former football player who last time played for FC Slovan Liberec.
Career.
He began career in Senica. Later he continued in Dubnica, which had experienced the highest Slovak football league. He debuted for MFK Dubnica as a 18-year old in a match against Artmedia Petržalka and immediately scored. In February 2007, he joined Czech club FC Slovan Liberec on three a half-year contract. He played for Slovakia national football team. Coach Ján Kocian has nominated him for a friendly game 10 December 2006 against United Arab Emirates in Abu Dhabi. Slovakia won 2-1 and Jonáš scored the opening goal in match.
Car accident and early end of career.
23 November 2007 had a serious car accident. Suffered many serious injuries. After a week it took over from an artificial sleep. Michal, who was 23 November 2007 a serious accident and has since appeared on the lawn for more than two years, knows that his career has finally ended up on the top level.

</doc>
<doc id="20529868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529868" title="Banquet Busters">
Banquet Busters

Banquet Busters is the 27th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on March 3, 1948, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by United Artists.
Plot.
Andy Panda and Woody Woodpecker are two cold, hungry, unemployed musicians trying to keep alive in a heatless, foodless house. After fighting over a stale bean and losing it to a hungry mouse, they happen to read about Mrs. Gloria Van Glutton's musicale and dinner. Eluding butler Wally Walrus, they slip unobserved into the orchestra, where the aroma of a roast pig is too much for Woody. While the hungry mouse swallows a piece of cheese whole, Andy snags a roast turkey with a rod and reel fastened to his violin bow. Wally watches Woody make a sandwich, gets too close, and becomes part of it. Fortunately, a sneeze starts a free-for-all, with Mrs. Van Glutton a leading contender. The guests throw food at each other while Andy, Woody and the mouse stuff themselves—that is, until Wally starts using a shotgun. This breaks up the party and is a great help in sending Woody hopping madly over the hill.
Notes.
"Banquet Busters" features the only appearance by Andy Panda in the "Woody Woodpecker" theatrical series. Andy and Woody also appeared together in three other films (most notably 1946's "Musical Moments from Chopin", but those were part of different series'. ("Musical Moments from Chopin" was considered "A Musical Miniature" entry.)

</doc>
<doc id="20529872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529872" title="Ján Vlasko">
Ján Vlasko

Ján Vlasko (born 11 January 1990) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Spartak Trnava.
Club career.
Born in Bojnice, Vlasko began playing youth football for Prievidza. He also played for the youth sides of Sparta Prague and Dubnica.
In 2007, Vlasko joined Czech Gambrinus liga side Slovan Liberec the day after his seventeen birthday. He made his professional debut for Slovan Liberec, entering as a second half substitute against Sparta Prague, in May 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20529882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529882" title="Kidland">
Kidland

Kidland is a parish in Northumberland, England. about northwest of Alwinton.
Governance.
Kidland is in the parliamentary constituency of Berwick-upon-Tweed.

</doc>
<doc id="20529902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529902" title="Harish Raut">
Harish Raut

Harish Raut (November 7, 1925 – 2002 ) was an Indian artist who developed a distinctive figurative style. Idealized rural women, going about their daily chores was the main subject of his work. His early work was based on the rural realities of his hometown Bordi and the neighbouring town of Bassein, Maharashtra. Rural India continued to inspire him and he found his muse once again in the women of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Kerala.
Raut graduated with a diploma in painting from the J.J School Fine Art in Mumbai in 1952. For many of his early years he worked as a clerk but continued to paint developing a strong personal signature style. In less than a decade his work was winning awards all over India. 
Over the course of his long career he had 53 one man shows in Mumbai, Kolkata, Delhi, Washington, D.C., New York, and Ottawa.

</doc>
<doc id="20529904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529904" title="Thorneyburn">
Thorneyburn

Thorneyburn is a village in Northumberland, England, to the northwest of Bellingham.
Governance.
Thorneyburn is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham.
Transport.
Thorneyburn was served by Thorneyburn railway station on the Border Counties Railway which linked the Newcastle and Carlisle Railway, near Hexham, with the Border Union Railway at Riccarton Junction. The first section of the route was opened between Hexham and Chollerford in 1858, the remainder opening in 1862. The line was closed to passengers by British Railways in 1956. Part of the line is now beneath the surface of Kielder Water.
To the west of the station was the Thorneyburn Tileworks.
Religious sites.
The church is dedicated to St Aidan.

</doc>
<doc id="20529907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529907" title="Rainulphe d'Osmond">
Rainulphe d'Osmond

Charles Eustache Gabriel (29 July 1788 - October 1862), known as Rainulphe d'Osmond, count then 5th Marquis (1838) of Osmond. He was one of the menins to duc d'Angoulême (dauphin from the accession of Charles X in 1824).

</doc>
<doc id="20529926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529926" title="Rail Link (disambiguation)">
Rail Link (disambiguation)

Rail Link is a subsidiary company of Genesee & Wyoming Inc..
Rail Link may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20529953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529953" title="Upperton">
Upperton

Upperton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20529964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529964" title="Dominique Reighard">
Dominique Reighard

Dominique Reighard is an American fashion model and singer, best known for her appearance on America's Next Top Model, Cycle 10, America's Next Top Model, Cycle 17 (All-Stars) and for being the face of Carol's Daughter.
America's Next Top Model.
Reighard was the last girl selected to be part of "America's Next Top Model, Cycle 10", with Tyra Banks deciding to open an extra slot for her. Reighard was an underdog during the competition and even had a botched makeover that had to be redone. Reighard landed in the bottom two on the second week. The judges noted that she was good at softening her looks on pictures. She won one team challenge, and tied with Claire Unabia as the best posers. Reighard was eliminated in the final 4 when judge Nigel Barker noted that her face "couldn't take make-up". She finished fourth overall.
Only after two months of giving birth to her second child, Reighard was selected as a finalist for the first All-Star edition of "America's Next Top Model" along with returning models. This time Reighard return as a fan favorite, front runner, and refine. Tyra noted, "Dominique, I seriously think that you're a professional." Reighard placed 5th overall in the competition.
Like all the other contestants on Cycle 17, Reighard was given a branding word: "survivor". During her time on the show she developed her own perfume called "Survivor" and performed in a music video for her song "Tooch Ya Booty."
Modelville and Carol's Daughter.
Dominique was then cast in "Modelville." She has said she took part in the competition because she wanted to explore opportunities in New York City and move there to pursue modeling if she won. Even though she didn't win any of the challenges, her researching work, commercial, presence, and her personality allowed her to win over Renee Alway. She won a $50,000 contract and became the newest face of Carol's Daughter, being featured on their website and in ads.
Printwork.
Before appearing on America's Next Top Model, Dominique walked in Columbus Fashion Week in March 2007.
Her printwork can be seen in "J'Adore", "Fashion Q&A",
"Ebony", "C Magazine" and "Seventeen". Reighard had also been featured on the websites of "Essence" and Sovereign Soles and ads for Carol's Daughter and Grove City Dental.

</doc>
<doc id="20529975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529975" title="Owen Jones (footballer)">
Owen Jones (footballer)

John Owen "Chorley" Jones (July 1871 – 23 September 1955) was a Welsh footballer who played as a forward for several clubs in Wales and England, including Bangor City, Crewe Alexandra and Newton Heath.
Career.
Club career.
Born in Bangor, Gwynedd, Jones began his football career with Bangor F.C., before joining Football League Second Division side Crewe Alexandra in October 1894. After three years with Crewe, Jones transferred to Chorley, the 1896–97 Lancashire League champions, in September 1897. After Chorley could only manage a fifth-place finish in the Lancashire League in 1898, Jones signed for Newton Heath of the Football League Second Division.
Jones made his Newton Heath debut in the first fixture of the 1898–99 season, playing in the centre forward position in a 2–0 away win over Gainsborough Trinity on 3 September 1898. However, he only made one more appearance for the Heathens, a 5–1 away defeat to Burton Swifts on 1 October 1898, before being suspended by the club for "not obeying orders". By 1899, he had transferred back to Bangor, where he remained for the next two seasons, before transferring to Stalybridge Rovers, via a brief stint with Earlestown.
International career.
During his second spell with Bangor, Jones received his first call-up to the Welsh national team. Selected in the Welsh squad for the 1901 British Home Championship, Jones made his Wales debut on 2 March 1901, playing at inside right in a 1–1 draw with Scotland in Wrexham. He was dropped for the following game against England on 18 March, to allow Pugh to move to inside right and Billy Meredith could take up his usual position at outside right.
Jones returned to the Wales team for the game against Ireland on 23 March at Pugh's expense, lining up alongside Meredith on the right side of the forward line. Jones ended up scoring the winning goal for Wales, as the match finished 1–0 to the away side. The result meant that Wales finished in third place in the 1901 Home Championship, ahead of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20529986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529986" title="CD Colmenar de Oreja">
CD Colmenar de Oreja

Club Deportivo Colmenar de Oreja is a Spanish football team from Colmenar de Oreja, in the Community of Madrid. Founded on 1976, they currently play in "Preferente".
Stadium.
Their home stadium is the "Estadio Municipal San Juan, which seats 2,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="20529992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529992" title="Webbs Creek Ferry">
Webbs Creek Ferry

Webbs Creek Ferry is a cable ferry across the Hawkesbury River in New South Wales, Australia. The ferry operates from the community of Wisemans Ferry, to a point up-stream of the Hawkesbury River's confluence with the Macdonald River, thus connecting with the St Albans Road that follows the west bank of the Macdonald River.
The ferry is operated by a private sector operator under contract to New South Wales Roads and Maritime Services and is free of tolls. The crossing is in length and takes approximately 5 minutes. The ferry operates on demand 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, but is closed for maintenance on the first Tuesday of each month from 0930 to 1200
The Webbs Creek Ferry is one of two cable ferry crossings at Wisemans Ferry, the other being the eponymous Wisemans Ferry, which crosses the Hawkesbury River to a point downstream of the confluence with the Macdonald River. Two other such ferries cross the Hawkesbury River proper, these being the Sackville Ferry and the Lower Portland Ferry, whilst a fifth ferry, the Berowra Waters Ferry, crosses a side-arm of the river.

</doc>
<doc id="20529994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20529994" title="Costa Rica at the 2002 Winter Olympics">
Costa Rica at the 2002 Winter Olympics

Costa Rica competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, United States.
Cross-country skiing.
Sprint
Pursuit
1 Starting delay based om 10 km C. results. <br>
C = Classical style, F = Freestyle

</doc>
<doc id="20530020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530020" title="James Kempton">
James Kempton

James Kempton is a British Liberal Democrat local government politician and the former leader of Islington Council. 
He has been a councillor for St Mary’s ward since 1994, and was leader of Islington Council from 2006 to 2009.
James also leads on children and young people’s issues for London Councils and is a member of the London Skills and Employment Board.

</doc>
<doc id="20530024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530024" title="The Mad Hatter (film)">
The Mad Hatter (film)

The Mad Hatter is the 26th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on February 16, 1948, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by United Artists.
Plot.
Woody Woodpecker, dreaming of becoming a great screen lover, is awakened by a telegram from the studio telling him to come to work. His screen test starts at 9 a.m., and he must be wearing a top hat. The months have wrecked Woody's hat, so he has to buy a new one. Wally Walrus, proprietor of a hat store, makes a stubborn hat stay on Woody's head by screwing it on. An electric fan, however, soon blows the ornery hat off, and it lands on a frog. In trying to get the hat away from the frog, Woody becomes involved with a bucket and a goose. He fastens a skyrocket onto the goose to get it out of his hat, but he goes up into the sky himself. He arrives at his new job by crashing through the roof, and he's fired immediately. He throws the hat away, but it boomerangs and knocks him out. Woody's dream of fame as a great screen lover ends with a spat with his dream glamour girl.

</doc>
<doc id="20530028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530028" title="Personnel of the Shackleton–Rowett Expedition">
Personnel of the Shackleton–Rowett Expedition

The Shackleton–Rowett Expedition, 1921–22, was the last Antarctic expedition led by Sir Ernest Shackleton. Proposed as an ambitious two-year programme of Antarctic exploration it was curtailed by the death of Shackleton and the inadequacies of the expedition's ship, "Quest". Under the command of Frank Wild several attempts were made to break through the Antarctic pack ice, but the expedition was never able to proceed further than longitude 20°E. On the crew's return to Cape Town to refit in preparation for the second term they were ordered home. The crew of the "Quest" comprised 24 members in all, but only 19 were on board for the start of the Antarctic portion (Hussey accompanied Shackleton's body when it was put on board a ship for England, and Eriksen, Mooney and Bee-Mason had left before the ship reached South Georgia). Gerald Lysaght, a yachtsman, accompanied the crew from Plymouth to Cape Verde.

</doc>
<doc id="20530034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530034" title="Angeli Custodi">
Angeli Custodi

Angeli Custodi is a small town in the north of Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20530038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530038" title="South Australia Asset Management Corporation v York Montague Ltd">
South Australia Asset Management Corporation v York Montague Ltd

South Australia Asset Management Corpn v York Montague Ltd and Banque Bruxelles Lambert SA v Eagle Star Insurance Co Ltd [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKHL/1996/10.html UKHL 10 is a joined English contract law case (often referred to as 'SAAMCO') on causation remoteness of damage. It arose out of the property crash in the early 1990s, whereby banks were suing valuers for overpricing houses in order to recover the lost market value. Owners themselves had often little or no money, since they had fallen victim to negative equity, so mortgage lenders would pursue a valuer instead to recover some losses.
Facts.
In the South Australia case, a valuer had (in breach of an implied term to exercise reasonable care and skill) negligently advised his client bank that property which it proposed to take as security for a loan was worth much more than its actual market value. The question was whether he should be liable not only for losses attributable to the deficient security but also for further losses attributable to a fall in the property market. The House decided that he should not be liable for this kind of loss.
Judgment.
The House of Lords held that the valuer was not liable for the losses resulting from market fluctuations. Lord Hoffmann gave his judgment as follows.
Significance.
The effect of the "Saamco" case was to exclude from liability the damages attributable to a fall in the property market notwithstanding that those losses were foreseeable in the sense of being “not unlikely” (property values go down as well as up) and had been caused by the negligent valuation in the sense that, but for the valuation, the bank would not have lent at all and there was no evidence to show that it would have lost its money in some other way. It was excluded on the ground that it was outside the scope of the liability which the parties would reasonably have considered that the valuer was undertaking.

</doc>
<doc id="20530042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530042" title="562d Flying Training Squadron">
562d Flying Training Squadron

The 562d Flying Training Squadron (562 FTS) was part of the 12th Flying Training Wing based at Randolph Air Force Base, Texas. It operated the T-43 conducting navigator training.
History.
The 562d was first activated on 24 December 1942 at Gowen Field, Idaho, on 24 December 1942, and moved to Wendover Field, Utah, on 5 February 1943, where it began training in B-17 Flying Fortress aircraft. The squadron participated in approximately 300 combat missions in the European Theater of Operations from 17 July 1943 until its last World War II mission, flown to the Landsberg Aerodrome near Munich, on 21 April 1945. During the summer of 1945, the 562d airlifted food to starving people of the Netherlands.
From August 1945 until 1980, the squadron saw several periods of activation and inactivation. During this period, the 562d flew AT-6 Texan, AT-11 Kansan, C-46 Commando, C-47 Skytrain, B-26 Marauder, F-86 Sabre, F-100 Super Sabre, and F-105 Thunderchiefaircraft at various bases. During 1965, while stationed at McConnell Air Force Base, Kansas, the 562d deployed to Takhli Royal Thai Air Force Base, Thailand, where it participated in five months of sustained combat operations in the Vietnam War.
From 31 October 1974 to 30 June 1992, the 562d was stationed at George Air Force Base, California to fly the F-105 and then the F-4G Phantom II aircraft conducting "Wild Weasel" missions. During this time the squadron also participated in Operation Desert Storm.
The 562d Flying Training Squadron conducted part of the Specialized Undergraduate Navigator Training at Randolph Air Force Base, Texas as part of the 12th Flying Training Wing until navigator training and Electronic Warfare Training was combined into the Combat Systems Officer (CSO) Training and moved to Naval Air Station Pensacola.

</doc>
<doc id="20530043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530043" title="PACE Youth Theatre">
PACE Youth Theatre

PACE Youth Theatre is one part of PACE Theatre Company, and has been running since 1988. It was founded by David Wallace. It is currently based in Spires Drama Studios, Paisley. It was previously known as Paisley Youth Theatre when based in Paisley Arts Centre. Currently PACE has just under 2000 members.
Past members.
Ex-members of PACE Youth Theatre have included actor James McAvoy (Shameless, Last King of Scotland), singer Paolo Nutini, actor Gordon McCorkell (River City), actress Shauna McDonald (Spooks, The Descent), Fame Academy winner David Sneddon, Richard Madden (Game of Thrones), actor Martin Quinn and TV presenter Kate Heavenor and many, many more. 
Fest!
Fest! is PACE’s school holiday performing arts festivals for young people. There are over 3,000 fest participants each year, performing in over 60 different performances.
Pantomimes.
PACE Theatre Company has produced Paisley's acclaimed pantomime at Paisley Arts Centre since 1988. Performing to audiences of thousands every year, every production contains PACE's trademark blend of original music, audience participation, hilarious comedy, and traditional family fun !
2012 » Jack and the Beanstalk
2011 » Snowhite
2010 » Aladdin
2009 » Sleeping Beauty
2008 » Beauty & The Beast
2007 » Cinderella
2006 » Mother Goose
2005 » Babes in the Wood
2004 » Snowhite
2003 » Aladdin
2002 » Sleeping Beauty
2001 » Beauty & the Beast
2000 » Hansel & Gretel
1999 » Mother Goose
1998 » Snowhite
1997 » Cinderella
1996 » Jack & the Beanstalk
1995 » Babes in the Magic Wood
1994 » Aladdin
1993 » Beauty & the Beast
1992 » Hansel & Gretel
1991 » Cinderella
1990 » Snowhite
1989 » Aladdin
1988 » Babes in the Wood
1987 » Christmas Carol

</doc>
<doc id="20530048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530048" title="Syndikalistiska Arbetarefederationen">
Syndikalistiska Arbetarefederationen

Syndikalistiska Arbetarefederationen ('Syndicalist Workers Federation', SAF) was a syndicalist trade union centre in Sweden 1928-1938. SAF was founded in 1928, as a splinter-group from "Sveriges Arbetares Centralorganisation" (SAC). SAF published the weekly newspaper "Arbetare-kuriren" from Göteborg. SAF criticised SAC of centralism and bureaucracy. SAF consistently tried to keep its membership dues low, in order to attract low-paid workers.
In 1928 SAF had around 1,000 members. By the mid-1930s, the number had grown to around 3,000.
SAC took several initiatives towards a reunification with SAF. In 1938, SAF merged into SAC.

</doc>
<doc id="20530049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530049" title="Woody the Giant Killer">
Woody the Giant Killer

Woody the Giant Killer is the 25th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on December 15, 1947, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures.
Plot.
Out of work, Woody is weary from looking for a place to rent, and he complains about his not having any living quarters. He is then approached by city slicker Buck Beaver, who convinces him to buy some magic beans. Woody plants them, and a beanstalk shoots up to the clouds. An elevator takes Woody to a giant's castle, where he finds the dopey giant asleep and initially fails to wake him up. Woody puts mustard, red pepper and horseradish on his tongue, which does the trick. Woody hides from the giant in a stuffed olive and is almost swallowed.

</doc>
<doc id="20530059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530059" title="A Knot Of">
A Knot Of

A Knot Of (stylized A KNOT OF) is a DVD by Dir En Grey, released in Europe, North America and Japan between February 2 and February 24, 2009, marking Dir En Grey's first worldwide DVD release. 
Material on the DVD consists of rehashed material from the band's prior three fan club-only releases, "It Withers and Withers -Bootlegged-", "Despair in the Womb", and "In Weal or Woe". The live video was shot from early 2005 through late 2007, which encompasses several international tours and appearances, as well as three domestic tours.

</doc>
<doc id="20530068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530068" title="Solid Ivory">
Solid Ivory

Solid Ivory is the 24th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on August 25, 1947, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="20530083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530083" title="Well Oiled (film)">
Well Oiled (film)

Well Oiled is the 23rd animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on June 30, 1947, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="20530093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530093" title="Steve Hayes">
Steve Hayes

Steve Hayes is an English businessman, and was the owner of Aviva Premiership rugby union side London Wasps.
Originally a double glazing salesman, Hayes also worked for his father-in-law selling secondary mortgages. In 1997 with David Cowham he founded loans.co.uk, a Watford headquartered finance broker. Hayes became Chief Executive, expanding the firm to become the UK's then leading finance broker, on an earnings package of £5.5million in 2004/2005. In June 2005, Cowham and Hayes sold loans.co.uk to MBNA for an undisclosed amount, reported to be worth £50million to each partner.
Hayes became a 25% shareholder through an initial £250,000 investment in Wycombe Wanderers in June 2004, when the football club became a plc, and later became managing director. Hayes bought an 11.6% stake in London Wasps Holdings Ltd in August 2007, and became chairman of Lawrence Dallaglio's benefit committee. In December 2008, Hayes bought Chrysalis Records founder Chris Wright's controlling interest and John O'Connell's shareholding in London Wasps to take complete control, and in July 2009, following a shareholders' meeting, he took full ownership of Wycombe Wanderers, in the process writing off £3m of the club's debt to him in exchange for shares. 
In February 2012, Steve Hayes was arrested on his farm in Hertfordshire, related to suspected offences under the Computer Misuse Act 1990 and Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000, under Operation Tuleta. As of October 2013, Steve Hayes has not been charged and he has now been formally released from pre-charge bail.
In June 2012 the Wycombe Wanderers Trust bought the club from Steve Hayes. At the same time, a consortium led by former London Wasps player Ken Moss, purchased the rugby club from Hayes.

</doc>
<doc id="20530094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530094" title="Chinkai Guard District">
Chinkai Guard District

The was the major navy base for the Imperial Japanese Navy in Korea under Japanese rule before and during World War II. Located in southern Korea (at present-day Jinhae, Republic of Korea, ), the Chinkai Guard District was responsible for control of the strategic Straits of Shimonoseki and for patrols along the Korean coastline and in the Sea of Japan. 
History.
The were second tier naval bases, similar to the first tier , with docking, fueling and resupply facilities, but typically lacked a shipyard or training school. They tended to be established by strategic waterways or major port cities for defensive purposes. In concept, the Guard District was similar to the United States Navy Sea Frontiers concept. the Guard District maintained a small garrison force of ships and Naval Land Forces which reported directly to the Guard District commander, and hosted detachments of the numbered fleets on a temporary assignment basis.
The port of Chinkai in Korea was an area with long associations with Japan, having been the location of a Japanese trading settlement in the 15th and 16th centuries. More recently, it was the location where Admiral Tōgō Heihachirō assembled his Combined Fleet while waiting for the arrival of the Russian Baltic Fleet prior to the Battle of Tsushima in the Russo-Japanese War.
After the annexation of Korea by the Empire of Japan in 1905, the Imperial Japanese Navy built extensive port facilities, transforming the small town into a major naval port. The port was upgraded to a Guard District on April 1, 1916; however, after the Russo-Japanese War it lost most of its strategic importance and was regarded as somewhat of a backwater assignment. On the surrender of Japan, Chinkai was occupied by Destroyer Squadron 64 from the United States Navy led by the USS "Harry E. Hubbard" (DD-748). It was repaired and continued to be used as a naval base during the Korean War. After the independence of Korea in 1945, the naval base was turned over to the Republic of Korea Navy, and remains a major naval base to this date.
A subsidiary naval base reporting to the Chinkai Guard District existed at Rashin (present day Rason, North Korea), ), on the east coast of Korea near the border with the Soviet Union. 

</doc>
<doc id="20530106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530106" title="Martin Hloušek">
Martin Hloušek

Martin Hloušek (born 2 October 1979 in Kosice) is a Slovak football player who currently plays for the Slovak 3. liga club FC Lokomotíva Košice.
Career.
Club.
In January 2011, he joined Wisła Płock.

</doc>
<doc id="20530112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530112" title="The Coo Coo Bird">
The Coo Coo Bird

The Coo Coo Bird is the 22nd animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on June 9, 1947, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures.
Plot.
Woody decides to go to bed early so he can get a head start on quail season the next morning. However, circumstances conspire to keep him awake: first a bright flashing sign on a nearby building, then a loudly ticking cuckoo clock, and finally an insubordinate folding table that he tries (and fails) to use as a bed after inadvertently destroying his own. Acting like a bucking bronco, the table eventually throws him out the window and into a bush; three quails, in turn, toss him out into the open, where he literally gets mixed up with a hunter's dogs.
Notes.
"The Coo Coo Bird" is unusual in that Woody is portrayed as somewhat short-tempered and winds up on the losing end of every confrontation. This is very similar to how characters at other studios, such as Donald Duck (at Disney) and Daffy Duck (at Warner Bros.), were portrayed in some of their cartoons.
Woody also loses in the end of others shorts such as The Beach Nut, Tepee for Two, Ski for Two, Smoked Hams, Bye Bye Blackboard, Banquet Busters, Busman's Holiday, The Screwball, Solid Ivory, Real Gone Woody, Well Oiled, What's Sweepin', Woody's Clip Joint and The Tenant's Racket.

</doc>
<doc id="20530113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530113" title="Bridges Street">
Bridges Street

Bridges Street (必列者士街) is a 300-metre two-way street in Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
Location.
On the east, the street intersects Shing Wong Street and Staunton Street. On the west, it intersects Square Street. The west side of the street ends with a staircase which connects Tai Ping Shan Street. Therefore, to go to Hollywood Road, drivers must drive back to Aberdeen Street.
Naming.
Its name comes from William Thomas Bridges, a British lawyer, Acting Attorney General and Acting Colonial Secretary, who was active in Hong Kong from 1851 to 1861. Bridges was an old friend of Sir John Bowring, the 4th Governor of Hong Kong. The law firm established by Bridges later became known as Deacons.

</doc>
<doc id="20530127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530127" title="Smoked Hams">
Smoked Hams

Smoked Hams is the 21st animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on April 28, 1947, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures.
Plot.
Wally Walrus tries to get some sleep in the day, while Woody Woodpecker continually keeps Wally awake by mowing the lawn and burning leaves which produces a plume of smoke. In revenge, when Woody himself goes to sleep, he falls into a basement where Wally torments him with all kinds of irritating sounds.
Notes.
"Smoked Hams" was the first entry in the series (and the second "cartune" after "Musical Moments from Chopin") that Woody's top knot was seen pushed forward, instead of slicked back (as usually seen during this period), for an extended period in some scenes. This was very similar to how his top knot looked in his upcoming third design; the recurring change would continue with all remaining entries that featured Woody's second design.

</doc>
<doc id="20530131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530131" title="Arton Beleci">
Arton Beleci

Arton Baleci is a neuro-linguistic programmer born in Stockton-on-Tees, England.
In November 2008 he began a 12 month training regime with the goal of becoming a Premier League Footballer; he did not succeed.

</doc>
<doc id="20530138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530138" title="Idi Rayeuk">
Idi Rayeuk

Idi Rayeuk is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of East Aceh Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="20530144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530144" title="Tripod (surveying)">
Tripod (surveying)

A surveyor's tripod is a device used to support any one of a number of surveying instruments, such as theodolites, total stations, levels or transits.
History.
Older surveying tripods had slightly different features compared to modern ones. For example, on some older tripods, the instrument had its own footplate and did not need to move laterally relative to the tripod head. For this reason, the head of the tripod was not a flat footplate but was simply a large diameter fitting. Threads on the outside of the head engaged threads on the instrument's footplate. No other mounting screw was used.
Fixed length legs were also seen on older instruments. Instrument height was adjusted by changing the angle of the legs. Widely spaced tripod feet resulted in a lower instrument while closely spaced legs raised the instrument. This was considerably less convenient than having variable length legs.
Materials for older tripods were predominantly wood and brass, with some steel for high wear items like the feet or foot points.
Usage.
The tripod is placed in the location where it is needed. The surveyor will press down on the legs' platforms to securely anchor the legs in soil or to force the feet to a low position on uneven, pock-marked pavement. Leg lengths are adjusted to bring the tripod head to a convenient height and make it roughly level. 
Once the tripod is positioned and secure, the instrument is placed on the head. The mounting screw is pushed up under the instrument to engage the instrument's base and screwed tight when the instrument is in the correct position. The flat surface of the tripod head is called the foot plate and is used to support the adjustable feet of the instrument. 
Positioning the tripod and instrument precisely over an indicated mark on the ground or benchmark requires intricate techniques.
Construction.
Many modern tripods are constructed of aluminum, though wood is still used for legs. The feet are either aluminum tipped with a steel point or steel. The mounting screw is often brass or brass and plastic. The mounting screw is hollow to allow the optical plumb to be viewed through the screw. The top is typically threaded with a 5/8" x 11 tpi screw thread. The mounting screw is held to the underside of the tripod head by a movable arm. This permits the screw to be moved anywhere within the head's opening. The legs are attached to the head with adjustable screws that are usually kept tight enough to allow the legs to be moved with a bit of resistance. The legs are two part, with the lower part capable of telescoping to adjust the length of the leg to suit the terrain. Aluminum or steel slip joints with a tightening screw are at the bottom of the upper leg to hold the bottom part in place and fix the length. A shoulder strap is often affixed to the tripod to allow for ease of carrying the equipment over areas to be surveyed.

</doc>
<doc id="20530149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530149" title="Lhoksukon">
Lhoksukon

Lhoksukon is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of North Aceh Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="20530151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530151" title="Tshiabola Mapanya">
Tshiabola Mapanya

Tshiabola Mapanya (born June 7, 1983) is a Congolese football player currently playing Saint Marcel Foot.
Career.
Mapanya played in the for SC Cilu, before signed for FK Jablonec in July 2008. After only four Months left FK Baumit Jablonec and signed with League rival 1. FK Příbram.
He played in the 2008/2009 season six games played for 1. FK Příbram in the Czech League. He left in May 2010 the Czech Republic and signed with French Championnat de France amateur 2 club St Marcel Foot.

</doc>
<doc id="20530176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530176" title="2000 Florida State Seminoles football team">
2000 Florida State Seminoles football team

The 2000 Florida State Seminoles football team was the champion of the Atlantic Coast Conference. The team finished with a 11–2 record, and lost in the 2001 BCS National Title Game to the Oklahoma Sooners. They reached the Title game despite finishing 3rd in both the Coaches and AP polls.
Regular season.
As a senior in 2000, Chris Weinke led the nation in passing with 4,167 yards and won the Heisman Trophy, awarded to college football's best player, as well as the Davey O'Brien Award and the Johnny Unitas Award. He also led the Seminoles to the Orange Bowl for their third title game in as many years, where they lost 13–2 to the Oklahoma Sooners. At the age of 28, Weinke was the oldest player in history to win the Heisman Trophy. He finished his Florida State career with a 32–3 record and held numerous FSU records including most passing yards in a career and most career touchdown passes.

</doc>
<doc id="20530183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530183" title="Kisaran">
Kisaran

Kisaran is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Asahan Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="20530185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530185" title="Driven (Sevendust song)">
Driven (Sevendust song)

Driven is the lead single from the album "Alpha" by the heavy metal band Sevendust and is one of the band's highest charting singles (matched only by "Enemy"), peaking at #10 on the Mainstream Rock Charts, and since surpassed only by "Unraveling", which peaked at #7.
Music video.
The Music video, which was shot in Haverhill, Massachusetts during the band's reheasral for their 2007 tour, features rare behind-the-scenes footage of the band's members as they prepare material from their sixth album "Alpha". The video debuted nationwide on March 3 and was featured on the "Headbangers Ball" program on cable channel MTV2 on March 10.
Appearances.
The song was appeared in 2007 THQ video game WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2008 and also another song from this album "Feed" was in the game. Also "Driven" featured in a promo for the WWE film The Condemned.
Chart positions.
Singles.
"Billboard" (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="20530186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530186" title="Michel Fernando Costa">
Michel Fernando Costa

Michel Fernando Costa (born March 11, 1981) is a Brazilian football player who played in the Gambrinus liga for SK Slavia Prague and 1. FK Příbram. 
Michel has played in the Campeonato Brasileiro for CR Vasco da Gama.

</doc>
<doc id="20530191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530191" title="Fair Weather Fiends">
Fair Weather Fiends

Fair Weather Fiends is the 20th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on November 18, 1946, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="20530214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530214" title="Bathing Buddies">
Bathing Buddies

Bathing Buddies is the 18th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on July 1, 1946, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures.
Plot.
Woody is a tenant in a boarding house run by Wally Walrus, but his indoor game of golf quickly gets on the landlord's nerves. Woody decides to take a bath, for which he has to deposit a dime in the water meter in his bathroom. When the coin slips from his fingers and rolls down the drain, he tries an assortment of unusual tricks to get it back, provoking a battle of wills with Wally as he tries to take his own bath. Woody's last move is to stuff dynamite into the plumbing pipes, demolishing the house but freeing his dime at last.

</doc>
<doc id="20530225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530225" title="Batubara Regency">
Batubara Regency

Batubara Regency is a regency on North Sumatra's eastern shoreline with Limapuluh as its seat, carved out from the Asahan Regency with effect from 15 June 2007.
Administrative divisions.
The regency is divided administratively into 7 districts ("kecamatan"):

</doc>
<doc id="20530230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530230" title="Oğuzhan Bıyık">
Oğuzhan Bıyık

Oğuzhan Bıyık (born September 28, 1986 in Germany) is a Turkish footballer. He currently plays for TSG Backnang.

</doc>
<doc id="20530236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530236" title="Limapuluh">
Limapuluh

Limapuluh is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Batubara Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="20530253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530253" title="Who's Cookin' Who?">
Who's Cookin' Who?

"Who's Cookin' Who?" is the 17th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on June 24, 1946, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="20530273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530273" title="Danilo Cirino de Oliveira">
Danilo Cirino de Oliveira

Danilo Cirino de Oliveira (born 11 November 1986) is a Brazilian football player currently playing with Zorya Luhansk.
In November 2011, Danilo started a trial training period at VfB Stuttgart, but he signed to FC Sion in January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20530280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530280" title="Live at Beyond Baroque II">
Live at Beyond Baroque II

Live At Beyond Baroque II is the second live album from the actor Viggo Mortensen, released on 2004. The album was recorded on the literary space "Beyond Baroque" in Venice, California as well as his last live album Live At Beyond Baroque of 1999.
The album features the collaboration from Marvin Bell (Iowa Poet Laureate), Mighty Mike McGee (2003 National Poetry Slam Champion), Patricia Smith (author of Close to Death, nominee for the Pulitzer in journalism), "Luis J. Rodriquez" (author of Always Running, activist), Viggo Mortensen, "Georganne Deen" (author of Western Witch, Season of the, painter), "Mark Eleveld" (author of The Spoken Word Revolution), Saul Williams, and "Regie Gibson" (author of Storms Beneath the Skin) with musical accompaniment by "John Condron". The album contains a total of 33 tracks, divided on 2 disks. The CDs credits only show the performers but not the tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20530288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530288" title="U-43-class submarine">
U-43-class submarine

"U-43" class submarine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20530291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530291" title="The Loose Nut">
The Loose Nut

The Loose Nut is the 16th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on December 17, 1945, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures.
Plot.
A man is cementing a sidewalk and is pretty proud of himself. Meanwhile, Woody is playing golf in a tree. He putters the ball which lands in the wet cement. The man furious, gives Woody his golf ball back. It turns out, that Woody made foot tracks in the cement, the man forcing the bird to smooth them out. He takes two of the spreaders and put on his feet like ice skates. Woody skates out the tracks he made. The man soon makes a ball of wet cement and throws it at Woody, causing him to crash. Woody then emerges from the ball, takes a mallet and putters the ball of cement into the man's face. The man is now trapped in the wet cement. Woody then skates back over to the man and hits repeatedly hits him with a shovel.
Woody then tries to run the man over with a steamroller. The man runs in fear from the crazy woodpecker and is chased out of the cement. He chased into the construction office and hides, only to open the door and get rundown. The man is completely flat and Woody rolls him up. He then takes him over to an advertisement for the gym with a picture of a fat woman on a billboard and pastes him on there like sticker, making fun of his weight. The man emerges from the billboard, but with the backside of the fat woman. 
The man tries to grab Woody's golf club, only to be accidentally knocked underground. Woody discovers the ball in the man's mouth. He putters it anyway and sends the man's dentures flying. The man chases Woody up a ladder, but is hit in the head by Woody with a mallet. The guy falls down and Woody drops a barrel on the man. He replaces Woody's golf ball with a bomb that looks the same as one and blows up both of the characters. Woody is now featherless, yet he still holds a high spirit. He is chased down by the man. 

</doc>
<doc id="20530304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530304" title="Dairi Regency">
Dairi Regency

Dairi Regency is a regency on the northwest shore of Lake Toba in North Sumatra. In 2000, the regency covered an area of square kilometres and according to the 2000 census had a population of 271,983 people. Its seat is Sidikalang. Just immediately south is Samosir Regency and Pakpak Bharat Regency.
Geography and climate.
Dairi covers a total area of . It is mostly hills and mountains, averaging above sea level. It has a tropical rainforest climate, with the heaviest rainfall between September and May.
Dairi is bordered on its north by Southeast Aceh and Karo, to its south by Pakpak Bharat, to its east by Toba Samosir, and to its west by South Aceh.
Demographics.
A 2008 estimate by the Dairi government put Dairi's population at 271,983, with a sex ratio of 99.43. Of the population, 39.96% is under the age of 14. 
, Dairi has 13 districts ("kecamatan") and 131 administrative villages ("desa" and "kelurahan").
Coat of arms.
The coat of arms of Dairi has many connotations. Indonesia's date of independence, 17 August 1945, is indicated by the 17-budded cotton plant on the left side, 8 rattan branches in the center, and 45 seeds of rice on a stalk to the right. The shield in the centre is divided into five, four parts indicating different cash crops important to the area (benzoin resin, coffee, tobacco and patchouli), while the fifth shows a traditional Pakpak Batak house; the house signifies protection. The five point star in the top center signifies the Pancasila-respecting habits of the Dairi people, while the mountains represent tranquility and the chains represent "gotong royong", or cooperating and collaborating. The central sharpened bamboo spear represents the Dairi people's struggle for independence.
History.
Prior to the arrival of the Dutch East India Company, the people of what is now Dairi lived in traditional "adat"-regulated communities, with unelected local leaders. After the arrival of the Dutch they established an ethnic-Dutch "controleur" to be in charge of the Dairi "onder afdeling", as well as a native Indonesian "demang", or lieutenant. When the Japanese occupied Indonesia beginning in 1942, the Dairi area was also occupied; during this time, local youths were used as forced labour to build the long Sidikalang road and the Dutch were removed.
After Indonesia's independence, the residents attempted to build a foundation for a new government. However, after the Dutch army recaptured nearby East Sumatra in 1947, they chose a new leader for the Dairi area. Another leader was chosen in 1949; later that year, after the Netherlands and Indonesia signed the, 
Economy.
Farming is a large business in Dairi. Major crops in Dairi are coffee, both robusta and arabica, corn, and potatoes. Approximately 6,770 tonnes of robusta coffee are produced every year, in addition to 2,639 tonnes of arabica; corn fields take up 63% of suitable farming land. Other minor trades are "damar" collecting, fish farming, and rattan.

</doc>
<doc id="20530315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530315" title="Sidikalang">
Sidikalang

Sidikalang is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Dairi Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="20530329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530329" title="The Dippy Diplomat">
The Dippy Diplomat

The Dippy Diplomat is the 15th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on August 27, 1945, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures.
Plot.
Wally Walrus is preparing a barbecue feast for a visiting ambassador. The smell of cooking steaks rouses Woody from his nap, and he begins to swipe food off the table - first grabbing ears of corn through a fence knothole, then eating a plate of hard-boiled eggs while pretending to look for a lost ping-pong ball. When he tries to get away with one of the steaks, though, Wally launches him out of the yard. Woody crashes into a newspaper rack, reads about the ambassador's visit, and decides to impersonate him. 
Dressed in a coat, top hat, and false beard to match the ambassador's photo, Woody barges into Wally's yard and accidentally sets the beard on fire when he gets too close to the barbecue. Woody slaps the beard onto Wally's face and yanks his chef's hat down. Wally panics and starts to chug around the yard like a train locomotive, smoke pouring from his hat, and Woody loads all the food into a covered wagon and hitches it to Wally when he passes. Woody gorges himself as Wally blunders his way onto a set of railroad tracks and chugs toward the horizon.

</doc>
<doc id="20530355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530355" title="List of Slovenian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film">
List of Slovenian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film

Slovenia has submitted films for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film since 1993, but hasn't yet won an award. Slovenia's 2008 submission, "Rooster's Breakfast", became the highest-grossing Slovenian film of all time.
Before 1993, Slovenia was a republic within Yugoslavia. In 1961, a movie filmed in Serbo-Croatian and representing Yugoslavia (The Ninth Circle) became the first and only movie directed by a Slovenian to be nominated for an Oscar.
Submissions.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has invited the film industries of various countries to submit their best film for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film since 1956. The Foreign Language Film Award Committee oversees the process and reviews all the submitted films. Following this, they vote via secret ballot to determine the five nominees for the award. Below is a list of the films that have been submitted by Slovenia for review by the Academy for the award by year and the respective Academy Awards ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="20530400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530400" title="Chiral Lewis acid">
Chiral Lewis acid

Chiral Lewis acids (CLAs) are a class of Lewis acid catalyst used in enantioselective asymmetric synthesis reactions which produce optically active products from optically inactive or impure starting materials. This type of preferential formation of one enantiomer or diastereomer over the other is formally an asymmetric induction. The electron accepting atom of CLAs are typically metal, such as indium, zinc, lithium, aluminium, titanium, or boron – and the chiral ligands employed for synthesizing CLAs most often have multiple Lewis basic sites (often diols or dinitrogen structures) to allow forming a ring structure involving the metal atom.
While the ability of achiral Lewis acids to promote the synthesis of racemic mixtures in myriad different reactions has been known for quite some time, starting in the 1960s, CLAs have been used to induce the enantioselectivity in these reactions. Common reaction types include Diels-Alder reactions, the ene reaction, [2+2] cycloaddition reactions, hydrocyanation of aldehydes, and most notably, Sharpless expoxidations.
Theory.
The enantioselectivity of CLAs derives from their ability to perturb the free energy barrier along the reaction coordinate pathway that leads to either the "R"- or "S"- enantiomer. Ground state diastereomers and enantiomers are of equal energy in the ground state, and when reacted with an achiral lewis acid, their diastereomeric intermediates, transition states, and products are also of equal energy. This leads to the production of racemic mixtures of products. However, when a CLA is utilized in the same reaction, the energetic barrier of formation of one diastereomer is less than that of another – the reaction is under kinetic control. If the difference in the energy barriers between the diastereomeric transition states are of sufficient magnitude, and high enantiomeric excess of one isomer should be observed (Figure 2).
Applications of CLAs in asymmetric synthesis.
Diels-Alder reaction.
Diels-Alder reactions occur between a conjugated diene and an alkene (commonly known as the dienophile). This cycloaddition process allows for the stereoselective formation of cyclohexene rings capable of possessing as many as four contiguous stereogenic centers. 
Diels-Alder reactions can lead to formation of a variety of structural isomers and stereoisomers. The molecular orbital theory considers that endo transition state, instead of the exo transition state, is favored (endo addition rule). Also, augmented secondary orbital interactions have been postulated as the source of enhanced endo diastereoselection.
The addition of a CLA selectively activates one component of the reaction (the diene or dienophile) while providing a stereodefined environment that permits unique enantioselectivity.
Koga and coworkers disclosed the first practical example of a catalytic enantioselective Diels-Alder reaction promoted by a CLA - menthoxyaluminum dichloride - derived from menthol and ethylaluminum dichloride.
A decade later, Elias James Corey introduced an effective aluminum-diamine controller for Diels-Alder reaction. Formation of the active catalyst is achieved by treatment of the bis(sulfonamide) with trimethylaluminum; recovery of the ligand was essentially quantitative. The proposed tetracoordinate aluminum prevent the imide acting as a chelating Lewis base, while enhance the α-vinyl proton of the dienphile and the benzylic proton of the catalyst.
The X-ray structure of the catalyst showed a stereodefined environment.
In 1993, Wulff and coworkers found a complex derived from diethylaluminium chloride and a “vaulted” biaryl ligand below catalyzed the enantioselective Diels-Alder reaction between cyclopentadiene and methacrolein. The chiral ligand is recovered quantitatively by silica gel chromatography.
Hisashi Yamamoto and coworkers have developed a practical Diels-Alder catalyst for aldehyde dienophiles. The chiral (acyloxy)borane (CAB) complex is effective in catalyzing a number of aldehyde Diels-Alder reactions. NMR spectroscopic experiments indicated close proximity of the aldehyde and the aryl ring. Also, Pi stacking between the aryl group and aldehyde was suggested as an organizational feature which imparted high enantioselectivity to the cycloaddition.
Yamamoto and co-wokers have introduced a conceptually interesting series of catalysts that incorporate an acidic proton into the active catalyst. This kind of what so called Bronsted acid-assisted chiral Lewis acid (BLA) catalyzes a number of diene-aldehyde cycloaddition reactions.
Aldol reaction.
In the aldol reaction, the diastereoselectivity of the product is often dictated by the geometry of the enolate according to the Zimmerman-Traxler model. The model predicts that the Z enolate will give syn products and that E enolates will give anti products. Chiral Lewis acids allow products that defy the Zimmerman-Traxler model, and allows for control of absolute stereochemistry. Kobayashi and Horibe demonstrated this in the synthesis of dihydroxythioester derivatives, using a tin-based chiral Lewis acid.
The transition structures for reactions with both the R and S catalyst enantiomers are shown below.
Baylis-Hillman Reaction.
The Baylis-Hillman reaction is a route for C-C bond formation between an alpha, beta-unsaturated carbonyl and an aldehyde, which requires a nucleophilic catalyst, usually a tertiary amine, for a Michael-type addition and elimination. The stereoselectivity of these reactions is usually poor. Chen et al. demonstrated an enantioselective chiral Lewis acid-catalyzed reaction. Lanthanum was used in this case. Similarly a chiral amine may also be used to achieve stereoselectivity.
The product obtained by the reaction using the chiral catalyst was obtained in good yield with excellent enantioselectivity.
Ene reaction.
Chiral lewis acids have also proven useful in the ene reaction. When catalyzed by an achiral lewis acid the reaction normally provides good diastereoselectivity.
When a chiral lewis acid catalyst was used good enantioselectivity was observed.
The enantioselectivity is believed to be due to the steric interactions between the methyl and phenyl group, which makes the transition structure of the iso product considerably more favorable.
Examples of achiral Lewis acids in stereoselective synthesis.
Nickel catalyzed coupling of 1,3-dienes with aldehydes
In some cases an achiral Lewis acid may provide good stereoselectivity. Kimura et al. demonstrated the regio- and diasteroselective coupling of 1,3-dienes with aldehydes.
Utility of chiral Lewis acids.
Asymmetric synthesis and production of enantiomerically pure substances through the use of CLAs is of particular interest to organic chemists and pharmaceutical corporations. Because many pharmaceuticals target enzymes which are specific for a particular enantiomer, compounds intended for patient administration must be of a high optical purity. Furthermore, resolution of a particular enantiomer from a racemic mixture is both costly and wasteful.

</doc>
<doc id="20530404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530404" title="The Loan Stranger">
The Loan Stranger

The Loan Stranger is the sixth animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on October 19, 1942, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures. The title is a pun on "The Lone Ranger".
Notes.
While Woody is voiced by Kent Rogers, his singing is recycled audio of Mel Blanc (Woody's original voice) extracted from "Woody Woodpecker". The song would make a reappearance in "Hot Rod Huckster", performed by Grace Stafford.
Also, beginning with this cartoon Woody's appearance has a minor change as his design is less "off-model" than in previous cartoons (his bucked teeth are gone), which began with "Ace in the Hole".
Some available prints overdub Kent Roger's vocals with Grace Stafford.

</doc>
<doc id="20530437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530437" title="Yutaro Ohsaki">
Yutaro Ohsaki


</doc>
<doc id="20530443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530443" title="Ace in the Hole (1942 film)">
Ace in the Hole (1942 film)

Ace in the Hole is the fifth animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on June 22, 1942, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures..
Production notes.
"Ace in the Hole" marks the first time Kent Rogers provided the voice for Woody. Woody's original design became a little softer in starting with "Ace in the Hole". His bucked teeth began to disappear, as Lantz realized this feature was extraneous. In addition, the beak and feet colors became slightly brighter and more vibrant, and his big chin is gone.
The title is a play on the card-playing term "ace in the hole" and the "flying ace" who would pilot a fighter plane.

</doc>
<doc id="20530458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530458" title="Mike Poole">
Mike Poole

Michael Poole born April 23, 1986 in Cardiff, Wales is a rugby union player. He previously played for Newport Youth, Pontypool RFC Newport RFC and Newport Gwent Dragons. During the 2008–09 season Poole was the Principality Premiership top try scorer with 19 tries for Newport, more than double the amount that he had scored throughout his career at the club. 
In October 2013 he joined the Scarlets.
His hobbies include cage fighting.

</doc>
<doc id="20530467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530467" title="Acoustically Driven">
Acoustically Driven

Acoustically Driven is the 8th live album released by British rock band Uriah Heep in 2001. The album was recorded live with an orchestra and choir. It was published also in a two disc set with a DVD of the live concert.

</doc>
<doc id="20530493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530493" title="Pasiphilodes testulata">
Pasiphilodes testulata

The Pome Looper ("Pasiphilodes testulata") is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Tasmania and on Norfolk Island, as well as in New Zealand and on the Chatham Islands and Kermadec Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20530495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530495" title="Mayola Biboko">
Mayola Biboko

Mayola Biboko (born 22 March 1985 in N'dalatando, Cuanza Norte) is a Congolese-Belgian footballer.
Career.
Belgium.
Biboko began his career with "Le Club Social" in Liège He then left for JS Pierreuse and played with players likes Rachid Tiberkanine.
He then played for C.S. Visé (or spells as Wezet) and scored 2 goals in 13 appearances in 2004-05 Belgian Second Division season. The club then relegated. He played once in 2005-06 season and was left on loan to Royal Spa F.C. in January 2006, then R.U.S. Bas–Oha in 2006-07 season. Biboko returned to Visé in 2007-08 season. and was released by Visé in the summer 2008.
Czech Republic.
On 10 July 2008 sold to Bohemians Střížkov. He played only five league matches in his first season before going on loan to SK Viktorie Jirny of Czech Republic Fourth Division Divize B (Group B) along with Abdoulaye Diarra during the season. He scored a goal against FK Teplice B.
He then returned to Bohemians and played once in March 2009, a 1-1 draw with 1. FC Brno. He replaced Stanley Ibe in the last minutes.
Luxembourg.
As of first half of 2009-10 season, he played for Bohemians Střížkov and joined in summer 2010 to FCM Young Boys Diekirch.
Return to Belgium.
After one season was released by FCM Young Boys Diekirch and he returned to Belgium, who signed now with RFC Seraing. Biboko played a year with the club from Liége, before signed for RCS Verviétois.
Position.
It was reported Biboko can also plays defender role but his usual position is forward.

</doc>
<doc id="20530502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530502" title="Ida Bieler">
Ida Bieler

Ida Bieler (born in Virginia) is an American violinist and professor of Violin.
Biography.
Bieler studied under Ruggiero Ricci at the North Carolina School of the Arts, Oscar Shumsky at the Juilliard School of Music in New York, Max Rostal in Cologne and Nathan Milstein in London. From 1982 to 1988 she was concertmaster of the Gürzenich Orchestra of Cologne. 
Bieler has been a member of the Melos Quartet. In 2001 she helped create the Xyrion Trio with Maria Kliegel and Nina Tichman, and in 2003 the Heine Quartet. Since 1993 she has been Professor at the Robert Schumann University of Düsseldorf, where she leads the master class for violin.
Honors, prizes and recordings.
Ida Bieler has received, for instance, numerous prizes and honors - the "Echo Klassik Preis" and the Cannes Classical Award among them. Further prizes she has received are the Concert Artists Guild Award (New York), Vittorio Gui prize for chamber music (Florence), and the International Violin Competition Dr. Luis Sigall in Vina del Mar/Chile (Silver Medal).
She has recorded works by, among others, Anton Reicha, Paul Hindemith, Zdenek Fibich, Béla Bartók, Krzysztof Penderecki, and John Corigliano (upcoming recording) for Musikproduktion Dabringhaus und Grimm, Naxos Records and other labels.

</doc>
<doc id="20530504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530504" title="The Hollywood Matador">
The Hollywood Matador

The Hollywood Matador is the fourth animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on February 9, 1942, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures.
Production notes.
"The Hollywood Matador" marks the final time Danny Webb provided the voice for Woody. It was also the first entry in the series directed by veteran animator/director Alex Lovy
The original title was "The Mad Matador", but the Motion Picture Society for the Americas convinced Lantz to change it to "The Hollywood Matador". Lantz was also urged to remove footage featured Mexicans without shoes and one sleeping, as the association feared that South America theater owners would ban the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20530510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530510" title="Sarah Lyttelton, Baroness Lyttelton">
Sarah Lyttelton, Baroness Lyttelton

Sarah Lyttelton, Baroness Lyttelton (née Spencer) (1787 – 1870) was a British courtier, governess to Edward VII of the United Kingdom and wife of William Lyttelton, 3rd Baron Lyttelton.
She was born Lady Sarah Spencer at the Spencer seat of Althorp in Northamptonshire on 29 July 1787 and was eldest daughter of the Whig politician Sir George Spencer, 2nd Earl Spencer (1758 – 1834) and Lady Lavinia Bingham (1762–1831).
Family.
She married Sir William Henry Lyttelton, 3rd Lord Lyttelton on 4 March 1813. They had two daughters, Caroline (1816-1902) and Lavinia (1821-1850), and three sons, George, (1817-1876), Spencer (1818-1889), and William (1820-1884). On 25 July 1839 her eldest son, George (by then 4th Baron), married Mary, the daughter of Sir Stephen Glynne. The marriage took place at Hawarden, the seat of William Ewart Gladstone, who was simultaneously marrying Mary's sister, Catherine. George became a distinguished classical scholar like his father, but committed suicide in 1876 by throwing himself down the stairs. Sarah's daughter, Lavinia, was later to marry Reverend Henry Glynne, brother of Catherine and Mary Glynne.
Lady in waiting.
Sarah Lyttelton was widowed in 1837, and shortly afterwards was offered the post of Lady in waiting to Queen Victoria. She is said to have commented to a friend at this time that "the character of an advisor, a woman of influence, a probable preserver or improver of the national morals is exactly the very last I could fill decently" Over time, Lyttelton earned the respect of the Queen and the Prince consort and, in April 1843, she was appointed governess to the royal children, who continued to called her "Laddle", even once they were grown.
She was made a Lady of the Bedchamber by Queen Victoria.
Sarah Lyttelton died at Hagley on 13 April 1870 at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="20530514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530514" title="Stanley Ibe">
Stanley Ibe

Stanley Ibe (born July 19, 1984) is a Nigerian football striker, currently without a club.
Career.
He was playing in Nigeria in the Taribo West Academy when he was brought to Italy to Genoa C.F.C.. He spent the first season in the youth team and the following two on loan, first with Serbian side FK Javor Ivanjica helping them to finish first and to win promotion to the First League of FR Yugoslavia, and in the next season he played with Ancona Calcio. Next he came to Macedonian First League club FK Bregalnica Delčevo in summer 2003. In July 2004 he signed a contract with league rival FK Sloga Jugomagnat. He played until 2005 in Macedonia for FK Sloga Jugomagnat before was transferred to Czech Republic club Bohemians Praha (Střížkov). In summer 2006 he had a trial with NK Domzale but he returned to the Czech Republic. During the first half of the 2010-11 season he was on loan with 1. FK Příbram. In July 2012 Ibe joined the Latvian Higher League club Daugava Daugavpils.
He left Daugava in October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20530540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530540" title="The Screwdriver">
The Screwdriver

The Screwdriver is the second animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on August 11, 1941, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures.
The plot has the wacky bird driving a car (hence the title of the picture), with a series of gags about the jalopy he's driving and his attempts to speed and to elude a persistent policeman.
Censorship.
The scene where Woody dressed up as a Chinese stereotype to trick the cop was removed.

</doc>
<doc id="20530547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530547" title="Innovations (journal)">
Innovations (journal)

Innovations is a peer-reviewed academic journal that focuses on entrepreneurial solutions to global challenges. It is published quarterly by the MIT Press. 
History.
"Innovations" published its first issue in 2006. It complements existing policy journals such as "Foreign Affairs" by focusing on micro-level solutions, innovations, and entrepreneurship in a variety of organizational settings. The editors are Philip E. Auerswald and Iqbal Z. Quadir.
Partnerships and special editions.
The journal is jointly hosted at George Mason University's School of Public Policy, Harvard's John F. Kennedy School of Government, and MIT's Legatum Center for Development and Entrepreneurship. Working with the Schwab Foundation for Social Entrepreneurship, "Innovations" has produced special editions for the 2008 annual meeting of the World Economic Forum
Structure of the journal.
Each issue of "Innovations" consists of four sections:
Cases authored by innovators.
A differentiating feature of "Innovations" is that the case about innovators addressing global challenges are authored by the innovators themselves. Each includes discussion of motivations, challenges, strategies, outcomes, and unintended consequences. Following each case narrative, we present commentary by an academic discussant. The discussant highlights the aspects of the innovation that are analytically most interesting, have the most significant implications for policy, and/or best illustrate reciprocal relationships between technology and governance. 
Authors and co-authors of "Innovations" case narratives and discussions have included Seth Berkley, Larry Brilliant, John Elkington, Matt Flannery (co-founder of Kiva (organization)), Peter Gabriel, Robin Hanson, Richard Anthony Jefferson, Victoria Hale, Cory Ondrejka, and Bunker Roy.

</doc>
<doc id="20530554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530554" title="Woody Woodpecker (1941 film)">
Woody Woodpecker (1941 film)

Woody Woodpecker is the first animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on July 7, 1941, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures.
This is the second appearance of Woody Woodpecker; his debut was in an Andy Panda cartoon, "Knock Knock".
The working title of this cartoon is 'Cracked Nut'.
Plot.
The inhabitants of the forest that Woody Woodpecker (Mel Blanc) lives in have started spreading the word that Woody is crazy, due to all of his screwball antics. After telling him (and many others) this several times, Woody also begins to question his sanity. So he goes to a psychiatrist, a fox named Dr. Horace N. Buggy, who has a Scottish accent (Blanc), only to find that the doctor may be more cracked than the woodpecker himself.
Censorship.
When aired in The Woody Woodpecker Show the animals' dialogue have been dubbed; with 'crazy' dubbed as 'wacky'.

</doc>
<doc id="20530573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530573" title="Please Tomorrow">
Please Tomorrow

Please Tomorrow is the seventh studio album from the actor Viggo Mortensen and the fifth collaboration with the avant-garde guitarist Buckethead, released in 2004. The album tells the story of a single "long night's journey into day". It is completely instrumental and written by Mortensen except for the last track of the album which was written by Buckethead. Henry Mortensen and the keyboardist, producer and owner of the label TDRS Music, Travis Dickerson, guested on the album.
"Please Tomorrow" is part of the compilation album "This That and The Other", released the same year and compiling the albums "One Less Thing to Worry About" from 1997, "One Man's Meat" from 1999, "The Other Parade" from 1999, and "Pandemoniumfromamerica" of 2003.
The seventh song, "Moonset", can be downloaded for free on the label's website.
References.
Album information on Viggo fanbase

</doc>
<doc id="20530587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530587" title="Lichenaula tuberculata">
Lichenaula tuberculata

Lichenaula tuberculata is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to Australia, more specifically the Australian Capital Territory and New South Wales. 
The larvae feed on "Crowea saligna".

</doc>
<doc id="20530612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530612" title="Colombia–Czech Republic relations">
Colombia–Czech Republic relations

Colombian–Czech relations are foreign relations between Colombia and the Czech Republic. Colombia is represented in the Czech Republic through its embassy in Vienna (Austria). The Czech Republic has an embassy in Bogotá and 3 consulates (in Barranquilla, Cartagena and Medellín).
History.
The first connections between Czech lands and the area of current Colombia occurred in the times of colonial era, during missionary activities of Jesuits in that area. In 1860/1870s the Czech botanist Benedikt Roezl discovered the cycad plant Zamia roezlii on the Pacific coast in Colombia. The plant is named after him. In 1922 began the consulary activities between Czechoslovakia and Colombia. Since 1926 the Colombian consul has had his seat in Prague. In 1935 both countries agreed to exchange ambassadors.
In 2008, during his visit in Colombia, the Czech Prime Minister Mirek Topolánek negotiated a potential sale of the combat aircraft Aero L-159 Alca with Colombian President Álvaro Uribe.

</doc>
<doc id="20530619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530619" title="List of Christian religious houses in France">
List of Christian religious houses in France

This is a list of Christian religious houses in France, both extant and non-extant, and for either men or women (or both).
Christian religious houses arranged by order.
Benedictines.
(including Cluniacs):
Cistercians.
(including Trappists):

</doc>
<doc id="20530621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530621" title="Michal Demeter">
Michal Demeter

Michal Demeter (born 15 May 1982) is a Slovak football player currently playing for Bohemians Prague (Střížkov).

</doc>
<doc id="20530623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530623" title="Hoipolloi">
Hoipolloi

Hoipolloi are a British touring theatre company committed to creating new work for theatre that imaginatively engages their audience and makes them laugh. Their work includes ensemble shows such as "The Doubtful Guest" and "My Uncle Arly", and collaborations with Welsh artist Hugh Hughes, including the shows "Floating" and "Story of a Rabbit".
History.
The company was founded in 1994 by Shôn Dale-Jones (now Artistic Director) and Stefanie Müller (Associate Director). Dale-Jones and Müller met at the International Theatre School Jacques Lecoq, and initially worked with other performers they had met at the school. The Lecoq approach to theatre remains a large influence on the company’s work.
Since 1994, Hoipolloi have created and toured 18 new shows.
Productions.
All Hoipolloi productions are devised by the company's core artistic team, led by Artistic Director Shôn Dale-Jones, including input from the performers, with improvisation playing a large role in the creation of each show. Hoipolloi shows are often highly theatrical and humorous. Shôn Dale-Jones’ interest in nonsense literature is reflected in Hoipolloi’s last two ensemble shows, "The Doubtful Guest", inspired by the book of the same name by Edward Gorey, and "My Uncle Arly", which was inspired by the work of Edward Lear .
Past Hoipolloi productions
Hugh Hughes.
Since 2005, Hoipolloi have collaborated with the emerging Welsh artist Hugh Hughes. Hughes’ shows "Floating", "Story of a Rabbit" and "Hugh Hughes in... 360" have brought Hoipolloi great success, each winning an award at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe: "Floating" won a Total Theatre Award in 2006, "Story of a Rabbit" was awarded a Fringe First in 2007 and "360" received a Three Weeks Editors' Award in 2009.
Hughes’ theatrical style is unusual, often involving flip-charts and power-point presentations, and sometimes resembling a lecture more than a play. In 2010, the Barbican Centre commissioned Hugh and Hoipolloi to turn all three shows into a residency called "The Wonderful World of Hugh Hughes".
In September 2011, BBC Radio 4 will broadcast "Floating" as an afternoon play.

</doc>
<doc id="20530637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530637" title="Sadid Industrial Group">
Sadid Industrial Group

Sadid Industrial Group was established in 1963 in Iran. It is an industrial conglomerate in the fields of designing, engineering and fabrication of machines/equipment, production of spiral and longitudinal welded steel pipes, general contracting of oil, gas and petrochemical projects, water and sewage utilities and manufacturing of wind power generators.

</doc>
<doc id="20530638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530638" title="Wild and Woody!">
Wild and Woody!

Wild and Woody! is the 30th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on December 31, 1948, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by United Artists.
Plot.
Bandit Buzz Buzzard has been terrorizing a small western town and makes it his duty to dispose of all future sheriffs. Woody Woodpecker soon rides into town, becomes the new sheriff, and vows to get rid of Buzz. After Woody and Buzz share a few drinks, they pit their wits against each other. Their confrontation reaches its climax when Sheriff Woody traps the bandit in a burning stove and tosses a box of dynamite in with him.

</doc>
<doc id="20530673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530673" title="Jaroslav Beláň">
Jaroslav Beláň

Jaroslav Beláň (born 21 May 1981 in Bojnice) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for FK Baník Most. His last clubs were MFK Ružomberok, Bohemians Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="20530697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530697" title="563d Flying Training Squadron">
563d Flying Training Squadron

The 563d Flying Training Squadron (563 FTS) was part of the 12th Flying Training Wing based at Randolph Air Force Base, Texas. It operated the T-43 Bobcat conducting navigator training. It was most recently inactivated at a ceremony held at Randolph Air Force Base on November 15, 2010.
History.
The 563d was first activated as a bombardment squadron in 1942 at Gowen Field, near Boise, Idaho. It transferred to Wendover Field, Utah in early 1943 to train in B-17 Flying Fortress aircraft. In the spring of 1943, the unit deployed to RAF Knettishall, England. As part of the Eighth Air Force, the unit flew several combat missions from 17 July 1943 to 21 April 1945 over Germany, France, Poland, Belgium, Norway, Romania and the Netherlands. While in combat, the unit received two Distinguished Unit Citations: one for the Regensburg raidon 17 August 1943, and another for separate attacks on Hanover, the Ruhr, and a "shuttle-bombing" raid. After V-E Day, the unit transferred back to the U.S. awaiting movement to the Pacific Theater of Operations, but the Japanese surrender altered these plans and the unit was inactivated in August 1945.
The squadron was reactivated in the Reserves from 12 June 1947 to 27 June 1949, flying the AT-6 Texan, AT-11 Kansan, C-46 Commando, C-47 Skytrain, and A-26 Invader at Orchard Place Airport, Chicago, Illinois.
The 563d was reactivated again in 1953 following Secretary of State John Foster Dulles' promise to provide NATO with four fighter wings. The unit became a fighter-bomber squadron at Clovis Air Force Base, New Mexico, 23 November 1953, where its members trained in F-86 Sabre aircraft. The squadron moved to Bitburg Air Base, Germany, in 1954, and then to Étain-Rouvres Air Base, France, in the summer of 1955. The unit flew support for the Suez Canal and Hungarian crises. It converted to F-100 Super Sabre aircraft on 2 April 1957 and was inactivated shortly after on 10 December 1957.
The squadron was reactivated 1 May 1962, with the 23d Wing (the famous Flying Tigers) as the 563d Tactical Fighter Squadron, at McConnell Air Force Base, Kansas, again flying the F-100 Super Sabre and then the F-105 Thunderchief by the end of 1963. In April 1965, the unit was sent into combat in Southeast Asia. The 563d deployed to Takhli Royal Thai Air Force Base, Thailand, and flew 1508 combat sorties over North Vietnam and Laos. On 27 July 1965, the unit participated in the first destruction of a surface-to-air missile site in North Vietnam. In addition, there were several attacks as part of the first increment of Operation Rolling Thunder, and other Operation Iron Hand missions, and several dangerous attempts to destroy the Thanh Hoa and Paul Doumer bridges. The 563d lost 10 of its original 18 F-105Ds. Two pilots were killed by enemy action and three became POWs in that five month tour. The 563d was awarded two Air Force Outstanding Unit Awards with Combat "V" for Valor for this tour, and was the most experienced Squadron in the U.S. Air Force. (The 563rd never received its Vietnam Cross of Gallantry with Palm citation though because its mission was classified.) In 1966, the squadron became a Replacement Training Unit back at McConnell. The unit trained ten classes of pilots for the F-105D between 1966 and 1970 and later transitioned to the F-105 "Thunderstick II" until its inactivation, 31 July 1972.
On 31 July 1975, the 563d TFS was reactivated for the fifth time at George Air Force Base, California. The unit initially flew "Thunderstick II"'s but added F-4 Phantom II in September 1975. In October 1978, the 563d received new aircraft from Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, to become the first operational squadron to fly the advanced F-4G Wild Weasel. The unit served with this electronic warfare aircraft in many exercises until it was inactivated in October 1989.
On 14 May 1993, the 563d was redesigned as a flying training squadron and reactivated at Randolph Air Force Base, Texas. The squadron was assigned to the 12th Flying Training Wing under the Air Education and Training Command. In conjunction with the 562d Flying Training Squadron, it currently operates the T-43 Bobcat aircraft conducting Electronic Warfare Officer (EWO), or, Combat Systems Officer (CSO) training in electronic attack, threat reaction, and electronic surveillance. The 563d also operates the state of the art T-25 Simulator, aiding the Air Force in creating some of the most technically skilled Airmen the United States has to offer.

</doc>
<doc id="20530711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530711" title="Gastrophora henricaria">
Gastrophora henricaria

The Fallen Bark Looper ("Gastrophora henricaria") is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Australia, more specifically the South-Eastern quarter. 
The wingspan is about 50 mm.
The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species and Lophostemon confertus.

</doc>
<doc id="20530731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530731" title="Drooler's Delight">
Drooler's Delight

"Drooler's Delight" is the 31st animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on March 25, 1949, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by United Artists.
Plot.
On a hot summer day, Woody hears a radio commercial for the latest thirst quencher, a 25-cent ice cream soda called the Drooler's Delight. Finding that he has exactly one quarter on him, he heads for the malt shop but draws the attention of the greedy Buzz Buzzard. The two adversaries play a variety of sneaky tricks on each other to steal the quarter back and forth; the contest ends when Woody, disguised as a woman, leads Buzz on a chase that causes him to knock himself out against a wall. When Woody reaches the malt shop and orders his Drooler's Delight, he is surprised to find Buzz as the soda jerk, who stuffs Woody into a glass and mixes him up with the ingredients. However, Woody drinks the whole thing down from inside the glass and gets the last laugh on Buzz.
End of an era.
"Drooler's Delight" was the last "Woody Woodpecker" film released before the 1948-1950 shutdown as well as the last from United Artists. It was also the final "Woody" short Dick Lundy completed as director, although he would direct segments of "Puny Express" before leaving the studio.
"Drooler's Delight" was also the last short to feature the second Woody design, which featured his top knot styled as a pileated woodpecker. The next short, "Puny Express" (and those that followed), would feature the third Woody design with a more refined top knot.
Finally, "Drooler's Delight" marked the swan song for Ben Hardaway as Woody's talking voice. Around the time the short was in production, Mel Blanc, who supplied Woody's laugh, filed a lawsuit against producer Walter Lantz. Though Blanc lost, he eventually settled out of court. Wanting to avoid any future retalliation from voice artists wanting to sue him, Lantz opted to find a new voice and definitive version of the laugh for his star woodpecker. As a result, "Drooler's Delight" became the last short that Lantz allowed Hardaway to voice. Ironically, neither Hardaway nor co-writer Heck Allen would work at the studio again (although material they have written was used in some of the 1951 "Woody" shorts); Hardaway soon retired, while Allen went back to MGM to restart his long collaboration with Tex Avery.
Woody's and Buzz's appearance.
In "Drooler's Delight" Woody's top knot is pushed forward for an extended period of time in several scenes (more so than in previous entries), including the title card, thus making him somewhat resemble the characters up-coming third design.
Buzz's appearance has changed too. He has become more streamlined with his "vest feathers" no longer drawn, and he does not have a five o'clock shadow on his lower jaw/beak anymore either. (The comics made at the time would follow suit, although Buzz's vest would always still be drawn.) An abridged version of Buzz from this short would be used for "The New Woody Woodpecker Show".
Starting with "Puny Express" both characters would be redesign once again (with the comics following suit again).
Continuity.
Woody's size varies wildly in "Drooler's Delight". In the beginning, he is "normal" height, but at the end he is small enough to be stuffed into an ice-cream glass. A similar discrepancy is seen in "Bugsy and Mugsy" with Bugs Bunny.
Notes.
"Drooler's Delight" marked the final time the brown-colored wood plank background would be used (and the final time the 1944 title card animation, by Emery Hawkins, would be used as well). The following short "Puny Express" would use a red-colored wood plank background (with a new title card animation and the 'newer' version of Woody).

</doc>
<doc id="20530733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530733" title="Angus College">
Angus College

Angus College is a college in Arbroath, Scotland, which was founded in 1956. The institute currently teaches around 12,000 students and trainees.

</doc>
<doc id="20530805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530805" title="Nazareth discography">
Nazareth discography

This page contains a comprehensive collection of information related to recordings by the Scottish hard rock band, Nazareth.

</doc>
<doc id="20530829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530829" title="2009 Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game">
2009 Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game

The 2009 Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game featured the Virginia Tech Hokies, of the ACC, and the Alabama Crimson Tide, of the SEC, on September 5, 2009. The game took place in Atlanta, Georgia at the Georgia Dome. In the 2008 edition, Alabama defeated the Clemson Tigers 34–10. It was Virginia Tech's first appearance in the series and Alabama's second consecutive appearance. Alabama went on to win the match-up 34–24, comining from behind with 18 points in the final quarter. It was at the time the 800th official victory in the history of Alabama's football program.
The two teams had last met in the 1998 Music City Bowl, which ended in a 38–7 Virginia Tech victory. That win is Tech's sole triumph in the series between the two teams, which had stood at 10–1 in Alabama's favor. The series also includes Virginia Tech's worst football defeat—a 77–6 loss in 1973 to an Alabama team that eventually won the national championship.
Game Summary.
Alabama played in and won the Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game for the second consecutive year, defeating the Virginia Tech Hokies 34-24. After Bama opened the game by kicking two field goals, Dyrell Roberts of Tech ran back a kickoff 98 yards for a touchdown to give VT a 7-6 lead. After a third Leigh Tiffin field goal Virginia Tech intercepted a Greg McElroy pass and took possession at the Alabama 14, but the Tide defense held up and the Hokies settled for a field goal and a 10-9 lead. Alabama responded by driving 76 yards for a touchdown and a 16-10 lead, the big plays coming on a 14-yard run by Mark Ingram and passes of 16 and 10 yards from McElroy to Julio Jones. However, on the ensuing Virginia Tech possession three personal foul penalties and a pass interference penalty carried the Hokies downfield for a touchdown and a 17-16 lead. The score remained 17-16 after Leigh Tiffin missed a 36-yard field goal at the end of the first half.
In the third quarter Roy Upchurch fumbled the ball away at the Virginia Tech 9 after a long run and another opportunity was missed. Early in the fourth quarter, with Tech still leading by a point, McElroy hit Marquis Maze for a 48-yard completion to the Virginia Tech 6 and Mark Ingram scored a touchdown on the next play. A successful two-point conversion gave Alabama a 24-17 lead. Alabama got the ball back immediately when Virginia Tech fumbled the kickoff and Chris Rogers recovered for the Tide at the Tech 21. The ensuing Alabama drive stalled at the 3 but Leigh Tiffin's fourth field goal made the score 27-17. Strong special teams play by the Hokies and Alabama penalties victimized the Tide again as a long return and a personal foul set up a 32-yard run by Ryan Williams of Tech that cut the lead to 27-24. Alabama quickly struck back, as Ingram rushed for 39 yards, McElroy completed a 19-yard pass to tight end Colin Peek, and then McElroy threw to Ingram for an 18-yard touchdown and a 34-24 lead. Virginia Tech never threatened to score again and Alabama won its opener, 34-24. 
Virginia Tech went on to go 10-3 on the season and finish tenth in the final AP poll. Alabama would finish the season a perfect 14-0, winning both the SEC and National Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20530844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530844" title="Josip Barišić">
Josip Barišić

Josip Barišić may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20530847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530847" title="Ivuniraarjuq Island">
Ivuniraarjuq Island

Ivuniraarjuq Island is one of several Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada within western Hudson Bay. The closest community is Whale Cove, to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20530865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530865" title="Netley Cliff Sailing Club">
Netley Cliff Sailing Club

Netley Cliff Sailing Club (NCSC) is a sailing club on the shores of Southampton Water, UK. The club is the Solent Division of the Civil Service Sailing Association (CSSA), that in turn forms part of the Civil Service Sports Council (CSSC).
Membership is open to members of the Civil Service Sports Council (CSSC), who may be drawn from UK civil servants and their families, ex civil servants, employees of public bodies such as the health service and local authorities, and certain UK companies with former links to the civil service. A quota of persons not elgibile under one of the above categories may join via a "lodger club", Netley Abbey Sailing Club (NASC).
The club is open year round but most organised events occur over the summer months, with dinghy racing being a popular and well-supported activity. The club also supports larger vessels up to 30 feet in length, and organises a number of yacht cruises throughout the year.
Boat storage/lay-up is available and a number of moorings are available just off the club. A shingle beach makes dinghy launching and retrieval easy at most points of the tide, and the prevailing wind is generally on-shore making it a relatively safe place to sail.
Club membership ranges from beginner to instructor levels. The club does not provide any formal instruction on site but is linked with other organisations who are able to provide formal sailing tuition within the local area.
References:
Netley Cliff Sailing Club (NCSC)
Civil Service Sports Council (CSSC)
Civil Service Sailing Association (CSSA)

</doc>
<doc id="20530884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530884" title="Imilijjuaq Island">
Imilijjuaq Island

Imilijjuaq Island is one of several Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada within western Hudson Bay. The closest community is Whale Cove, to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20530887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530887" title="Canada–Czech Republic relations">
Canada–Czech Republic relations

Canada–Czech Republic relations are foreign relations between Canada and the Czech Republic. Canada has an embassy in Prague. The Czech Republic has an embassy in Ottawa, consulate general in Toronto and honorary consulate in Calgary.
Both countries are full members of NATO and of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. There are around 98,000 people of Czech descent living in Canada. 
Visa dispute.
In July 2009, Canada reinstated the requirement for people from the Czech Republic to have visas before entering Canada due to a high number of asylum seekers from the Czech Republic, mainly Roma, who allegedly abused the Canadian asylum system.
The Czech Republic reciprocated by recalling its ambassador to Canada for consultations, imposing visa requirement for holders of Canadian diplomatic and official passports, and asking the European Commission to require visas for Canadian citizens to enter the European Union. (The Czech Republic, as a member of the Schengen Zone, cannot unilaterally implement visa requirements or controls for Canadian citizens).
On 6 May 2009 at the Canada-EU Summit in Prague (Czech Republic's capital) started negotiations of Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), a proposed free trade and copyright agreement between Canada and the European Union. Signing and ratification by the Czech Republic are required for CETA to come into effect. Czech Republic declared it won't do either until the visa requirements by Canada are lifted.
On 14 Nov 2013 the Canadian ambassador to the Czech Republic Otto Jelinek announced reinstatement of visa-free regime for Czech citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="20530911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530911" title="Imiligaarjuk Island">
Imiligaarjuk Island

Imiligaarjuk Island is one of several Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada within western Hudson Bay. The closest community is Whale Cove, to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20530920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530920" title="Reality Tour (Jessica Simpson)">
Reality Tour (Jessica Simpson)

The Reality Tour is the second concert tour by American recording artist, Jessica Simpson. Predominately visiting the United States, the tour supported Simpson's third studio album, "In This Skin". According to the singer, the title derives from her recent success on the reality TV series, "", while showcasing her music on a natural level. The excursion began in New Orleans in June. It traveled the country over the next two months, visiting over 30 cities, ending August 1 in Paso Robles. Despite early reports of poor ticket sales, Simpson's tour became one of the biggest summer tours in North America, prompting the singer to add an additional leg for the U.S. Eleven concerts were planned for September and October. To date, the tour serves as Simpson's last major concert tour. The tour ranked 87th on Pollstar's "Top 100 Tours 2004", earning over seven million dollars.
Background.
While promoting the re-release of her album, Simpson stated in several interviews the possibility of a tour, wanting to break away from filming her TV series and connect with her fans. The tour was officially announced in May 2004 through various media outlets, with sponsorship from Ice Breakers and Proactiv Solution. Due to the popularity of the album, Simpson would play in arenas and amphitheatres, in contrast to her first tour performing in malls and festivals. With the outing, the singer's states she was happy to take a break from cameras following her every moves. With the success of the TV show, Simpson designed the tour as if the audience were watching her on television.
During an interview with the Associated Press, the singer says she wanted the concerts to focus on her music and her personality. Onstage, Simpson was joined by a seven-piece band, with no dancers or choreography for the show. Simpson would perform songs from her three current albums, while providing anecdotes about her life and the songs. Unseen footage from her and variety show (entitled "The Nick and Jessica Variety Hour") were included in the show as well. Each night, the singer dedicated "I Have Loved You" to the American armed forces and conduct a Q&A session with contest winners.
Before the tour commenced, Simpson performed at several radio-sponsored music festivals including: Your Show, Wango Tango, Summer Music Mania, Zootopia, Kiss Concert, and Play Safe in the Park.
To introduce the tour, Simpson stated:"This is definitely a big tour for me. I'm a little nervous. It's like you're a little shaky about will I sell tickets to such a big market? […] But it's cool to put together such a huge production. And we're calling it the 'Reality Tour', from the show ['Newlyweds']. And there'll be all kinds of stuff showing never-seen clips and just kind of putting my personality into the tour, which will be a lot of fun."
Set list.
1Performed at select dates
Broadcasts and recordings.
Rehearsals and select performances from the tour were seen on Simpson's and her sister's show, "The Ashlee Simpson Show". The tour was filmed at the Universal Amphitheatre for DVD release. The DVD was released in November 2004 and omitted the performances of "A Little Bit", 'She Works Hard for the Money" and "I Wanna Love You Forever". The set featured the music video for "Angels" along with a behind the scenes look at the making of the video. The DVD showed strong sales within its first week and was certified platinum by the RIAA, recognizing shipments exceeding 100,000 copies.
Critical reception.
Overall, the tour received mixed reviews from music critics. Many applaud Simpson's onstage persona but felt the show itself felt unfinished. Jim Farber (New York Daily News) felt Simpson's vocals during her show at the Radio City Music Hall were "overdramatic". He followed with, "Not that Simpson didn't give it her all as a singer. Pulling a Mariah Carey, she belted every note to the rafters. While she clearly lacks Ms. Carey's pipes, a gross excess of amplification, and some apparently recorded vocal helper, allowed her to simulate diva-status. Too bad the songs from her three CDs all sound like pieces fished out of Britney Spears slush pile". Dustin J. Seibert (The Cincinnati Enquirer) felt the singer's concert at the Riverbend Music Center was "honest and warm" He elaborates, "Simpson's reliance on her high-octane voice and bubbly personality set her apart from some of her pop counterparts. Her shows featured no pyrotechnics or funky choreography, just her butter-melting octave range over a smooth six-piece band and two backup singers".
Neva Chonin (San Francisco Chronicle) criticized Simpson's vocal performance at the Shoreline Amphitheatre. She writes, "A rendition of Berlin's 'Take My Breath Away', dedicated to her husband, sounded like an ode to autoerotic asphyxiation. [...] With her band successfully drowning out her tuneful but wispy vocals, Simpson led sing-alongs for anesthetized funk number 'The Sweetest Sin' and an encore of 'With You'". Joey Guerra (Houston Chronicle) admired Simpson's personality during her performance at the Toyota Center; but felt the singer's concert was "uneven". He explains, "Her material is also a bit thin to sustain a full concert. Many album tracks began to sound alike after a while, and her few certifiable hits popped up late in the evening. 'Irresistible' came at the end of the show, and the feel-good anthem 'With You' was the expected encore. Even odder was the omission of 'I Wanna Love You Forever', Simpson's breakthrough single."

</doc>
<doc id="20530935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530935" title="Savant publications">
Savant publications

Savant, aka Savant Non-profit Publications, aka Savant Publications, is an American Not for Profit magazine publisher in Monterey, California. While the magazine was distributed throughout the United States and internationally, charitable publications such as poetry, art, scientific papers and treatises, as well as commentary continue to be published today.
History.
"Savant Publications" was launched in 1977 by a group of poets and avant-garde writers and artists in Monterey, CA, who wanted to provide a platform for authors and artists in the region. Savant has published poetry in books and magazines, local community group pamphlets and journals, scholarly works and scientific journals, papers and treatises.
Pioneer Publisher of Works Free of Copyright.
Author agreements accepting works for publication by Savant read:"...all Savant publications are required by the by-laws of the corporation to be free of copyright..."

</doc>
<doc id="20530939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530939" title="Third Party ISP Access">
Third Party ISP Access

Third Party ISP Access (TPIA) refers to a Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) ruling forcing Cable operators (MSO) to offer Internet access to third party resellers.

</doc>
<doc id="20530990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530990" title="Airartuuq Island">
Airartuuq Island

Airartuuq Island is one of several uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located within western Hudson Bay, from the abandoned trading post of Tavani.
Other islands in the vicinity include Bibby Island, Flattop Island, Imiligaarjuk Island, Imilijjuaq Island, Ivuniraarjuq Island, and Walrus Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20530993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20530993" title="Eddy Marnay">
Eddy Marnay

Eddy Marnay, the professional name of Edmond Bacri, (Algiers, 1920 – 3 January 2003), was a French songwriter. In his career, he wrote more than 4000 songs, including works for Édith Piaf and Céline Dion. He was joint winner, as lyricist, of the Eurovision Song Contest in 1969 for Un Jour, Un Enfant, sung by Frida Boccara. He also wrote the title song for Charlie Chaplin's 1957 film "A King in New York".
Céline Dion named one of her sons after him in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20531015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531015" title="Sue Lawrence">
Sue Lawrence

Sue Lawrence is a Scottish cookery and food writer, noted for her promotion of traditional Scottish recipes and regional produce.
Biography.
Lawrence first became well known after winning the BBC cookery programme "MasterChef" in 1991.
She writes a regular column for Scotland on Sunday. She wrote for the Sunday Times for six years, and has also contributed to Sainsbury's magazine, "Woman & Home", "Country Living" and "BBC Good Food" magazine. She also regularly appears on British and Australian television and until 2011 was one of the food experts on STV's early evening lifestyle show "The Hour".
Raised in Dundee, Sue Lawrence now lives in Edinburgh with her husband, John, and three children, Euan, Faith and Jessica.

</doc>
<doc id="20531020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531020" title="2009 Bonnaroo Music Festival">
2009 Bonnaroo Music Festival

The 2009 Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival was held June 11–14, 2009 at a farm in Manchester, Tennessee, . There were roughly 75,000 people in attendance.
The onset of Bonnaroo 2009 was punctuated by monstrous thunderstorms. Thursday night included heavy rain, lightning, strong winds and hail. A lighter storm passed over the farm on Friday. The resulting mud became a hardship for some and a plaything for others.
Lineup.
The initial lineup was released on the festival's website at midnight on February 3, 2009. Phish performed a traditional 2-set headlining spot on Sunday night as well as a late night set on Friday night. Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band performed Saturday.
Down and The Ting Tings appeared on the initial lineup but were later removed.
The previously annual Superjam did not take place, and for the first time in Bonnaroo's eight year history, not a single The Grateful Dead member performed at the festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20531039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531039" title="Carl Weber">
Carl Weber

Carl Weber may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20531051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531051" title="Light at the End of the Tunnel (disambiguation)">
Light at the End of the Tunnel (disambiguation)

The light at the end of the tunnel is a figure of speech that refers to an expectation of hope that circumstances will improve after weathering a difficult situation.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20531095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531095" title="Microloxia">
Microloxia

Microloxia chlorissoides is a moth of the Geometridae family and the only member of the genus Microloxia. It is found in Eastern Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="20531099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531099" title="Graubündner Kantonalbank">
Graubündner Kantonalbank

The Graubundner Kantonalbank (known as Banca Cantonal Grigione in Italian) is a Swiss cantonal bank which is part of the 24 cantonal banks serving Switzerland's 26 cantons. The headquarters are located in Chur, and there are 76 branches around Graubünden.
History.
The bank was founded in 1870. Just seven years later in 1877, it helped fund an Alpine Road to bring more tourism to its homeland area. In the great depression around 1919, the bank financially helped and supported the Swiss population, and when the post-wars boom came in 1945, it poured money into providing better public services.
After a successful computerisation in the 1970s, the bank introduced its first automated teller machines in 1983. On September 10, 1985 GKB was listed on the Swiss Stock Exchange. In 1998 it received in writing a guarantee from the Swiss government of 100% back-up for its savers money. In the same year GKB purchased the private Zurich bank Bellerive. In more recent times, the company has begun working with the Private Client Bank in Zurich.
Products.
The Graubundner Kantonalbank offers a range of products based at different parts of the market. It offers an account for young people, one for private banking for normal Swiss citizens and outside. They also offer a business banking scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="20531116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531116" title="Mount Balatukan">
Mount Balatukan

Mount Balatukan is a massive compound stratovolcano in the southern island of Mindanao, Philippines. The volcano has no historical eruptions but displays fumarolic activity. The mountain is topped by a triangular shaped caldera long and at its widest. The Balatocan River emanates from and drains the huge crater.
The mountain is a protected area in the country classified as a "Natural Park" under the name Mount Balatukan Range Natural Park. The park has an area of with a buffer zone of . It was created on March 6, 2007 by Proclamation no. 1249.
Location.
Mount Balatukan is wholly located in Province of Misamis Oriental in the Northern Mindanao region of the Philippines. The coastal road between Balingasag, Misamis Oriental and Gingoog City rims the northern perimeter of the mountain on the north coast of Mindanao.
Physical features.
Mount Balatukan is a stratovolcano with a listed elevation of asl (GVP). The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS). 
Satellite imagery shows it to be densely forested peninsula jutting north into the Bohol Sea.
Volcanism.
There are no historical eruptions on Mount Balatukan. The age of its last eruption has not been studied, although some lava flows on the sides of the mountain are determined as Pleistocene. Fumarolic activity is present on the mountain, but its form displays extensive erosion. 
Balatukan is part of the Central Mindanao Arc of volcanoes. Its northernmost tip called Sipaka Point, which points to the northeast, is a cinder cone on a small peninsula called Mount Sipaka. 
Geology.
The rock type is not available. 
Listings.
The Global Volcanism Program lists the last activity of Balatukan as Holocene but "Uncertain".
Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (Phivolcs) lists Balatukan as Inactive, even though the volcano displays fumarolic activity.

</doc>
<doc id="20531155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531155" title="Spell of the Witch World">
Spell of the Witch World

Spell of the Witch World is a collection of short fiction by science fiction and fantasy author Andre Norton, forming part of her Witch World series. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in April 1972, and has been reprinted numerous times since. It has the distinction of being the first book released by that publisher. Early printings had cover art and a frontispiece by artist Jack Gaughan; later printings replaced the cover art (but not the frontispiece) with new art by Michael Whelan. The first hardcover edition was a photographic reprint of the DAW edition published by Gregg Press in 1977. It featured a new frontispiece by Alice D. Phalen and endpaper maps of the Witch World by Barbi Johnson.
The book collects three "Witch World" pieces by Norton, two novellas and one short story, all original to the collection.

</doc>
<doc id="20531172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531172" title="Lore of the Witch World">
Lore of the Witch World

Lore of the Witch World is a collection of short stories by science fiction and fantasy author Andre Norton, forming part of her Witch World series. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in September 1980, and has been reprinted numerous times since. Early printings had cover art by Michael Whelan and a frontispiece by Jack Gaughan.
The book collects seven "Witch World" pieces by Norton, two short stories, three novelettes, and two novellas, most of which had been previously published elsewhere, together with an introduction by C. J. Cherryh.

</doc>
<doc id="20531173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531173" title="Flattop Island (Nunavut)">
Flattop Island (Nunavut)

Flattop Island is one of several uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located within western Hudson Bay, from the community of Whale Cove.
Other islands in the vicinity include Airartuuq Island, Bibby Island, Imiligaarjuk Island, Imilijjuaq Island, Irik Island, Ivuniraarjuq Island, Kayak Island, and Walrus Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20531213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531213" title="Jaroslav Hílek">
Jaroslav Hílek

Jaroslav Hílek (born 6 June 1978) is a Slovak football player who currently plays for ŠK SFM Senec, on loan from FK Viktoria Žižkov .

</doc>
<doc id="20531216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531216" title="Upper Manhattan Empowerment Zone Development Corporation">
Upper Manhattan Empowerment Zone Development Corporation

The Upper Manhattan Empowerment Zone Development Corp., also referred to as UMEZ, is a non-profit organization that seeks to revitalize economically deprived communities by using public funds and tax incentives as catalysts for private investment. UMEZ’s mission is to sustain the economic revitalization of all communities of Upper Manhattan through job creation, corporate alliances, strategic investments and small business assistance. 
History.
The Upper Manhattan Empowerment Zone is one of nine empowerment zones established by the Clinton Administration in 1994 to revitalize distressed communities by using public funds and tax incentives as catalysts for private investment. The initial 10-year designation was accompanied by a federal grant of $100 million. Unique among the empowerment zones, the governor of New York State and the mayor of the City of New York each matched the federal funding commitment, creating a total investment pool of $300 million. Of that pool, $50 million was designated for the Bronx Overall Economic Development Corporation, leaving $250 million for investment in Upper Manhattan.
The Empowerment Zone began operations on February 14, 1995, and made its first round of grants and loans in October 1996. In the years since, the Upper Manhattan Empowerment Zone has invested $159 million in the neighborhoods north of 96th Street, catalyzing one of the most impressive reinvestment initiatives in urban America and revitalizing Harlem, East Harlem, Washington Heights and Inwood. Of the $159 million invested, $70 million has gone towards loans to small businesses and $89 million in grants have been directed to non-profit organizations. The efforts of the Empowerment Zone have created approximately 8,000 jobs for the Upper Manhattan communities.
Legislation enacted in 2000 extended the Empowerment Zone’s operations through December 2009.
So proudly brought into existence through legislation sponsored by Congressman Charles B. Rangel, signed into law by former President Clinton and supported by the City and State of New York, the Empowerment Zone’s legacy will live on in the substantial investment that it has made in projects across Upper Manhattan. Today Harlem is a community on the rise with a dramatic change to the drug-plagued landscapes of decades ago. In recent years major corporations and residents with higher-levels of disposable incomes have flocked to Harlem. "The zone has awesome potential," says Lloyd Williams, president and CEO of the Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce, but revolutions don't happen overnight. The zone is a tool. We have to make sure it's not the only tool that we have".
Leadership.
Kenneth J. Knuckles is the President and CEO of UMEZ. Hope Knight is the Chief Operating Officer. 
UMEZ Board of Directors 
Mr. Mario L. Baeza (Chairman), 
Ms. Elisabeth Mason, 
Mr. Henry Comas, 
Mr. Clarence Mitchell, 
Mr. Francisco Diaz, Jr., 
Mr. Richard Thaler Jr., 
Mr. Joseph J. Johnson, 
Mrs. Judith Harrison, 
Ms. Patricia A. Jones, 
Mr. Anthony S. Kendall, 
Mr. Luis A. Miranda, Jr. (Treasurer), 
Ms. Pamela Palanque North,(Vice Chair) 
Mr. G. William Hunter, 
Ms. Nancy Devine, 
Mr. Antonio Rivera Jr., 
Ms. Linda E. Scott, 
Ms. Yrthya Dinzey, 
Mr. Tracey R. Thomas, 
Ms. Carole N. Griffin,
Ms. Beatrice O. Sibblies, 
Mr. Willie E. Woods,
Community Partners:
New York Women's Chamber of Commerce; 
East Harlem Business Capital Corporation; 
Audubon Partnership for Economic Development
and Harlem Business Alliance
External links.
Smith, Eric L. "Harlem Renaissance - Takes Two: After Years of Neglect, Will Empowerment Zones Allow Harlem to Thrive Once Again?" Black Enterprise February 1997

</doc>
<doc id="20531243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531243" title="Theophilus Adam Wylie">
Theophilus Adam Wylie

Theophilus Adam Wylie (1810–1895) was a Presbyterian minister, college professor, and president pro tem of Indiana University.
Early life.
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on October 8, 1810, Wylie was the son of Margaret Watson Wylie and Samuel Brown Wylie, Reformed Presbyterian minister and professor of languages at the University of Pennsylvania. His brother Theodorus W. J. Wylie was also a prominent Presbyterian minister in Philadelphia. Theophilus was educated at the English Academy, and at Wylie and Engles Academy before entering the University of Pennsylvania where he received a Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts degrees in 1830. After graduating he became a teacher at the Academy of the University of Pennsylvania. Wylie entered the New Light Reformed Presbyterian Seminary, where his father was professor, and was licensed to preach in 1836.
Academic career.
In that same year he was offered a professorship at Indiana University, by his half-cousin Andrew Wylie who was then president of Indiana University. Wylie began as professor of Natural Philosophy and Chemistry at the opening of the May term in 1837. In 1852 Wylie accepted a position as professor at Miami University, in Oxford, Ohio which, by his own description, “was then in a flourishing state and looking up, while the Indiana University at the time was looking in the opposite direction.” Wylie returned to Indiana University two and a half years later, as Indiana was in the midst of recovering from the destruction of its main building by fire. He became professor of languages and then chair of Natural Philosophy. Wylie continued to teach as a professor until he was appointed as emeritus professor in 1886. He served in that capacity until his death in 1895.
During his career, Wylie received honorary Doctorates in Divinity from Miami University, Monmouth College, and Princeton College as well as an honorary Doctorate of Law from the University of Pennsylvania.
At various times Wylie taught Latin, Greek, chemistry, physics, and astronomy. He was also Indiana University's first librarian and served as president pro tem of the University in 1853 and 1859. In 1876 Theophilus installed the first telephone in the state of Indiana, built from plans sent to him from a professor at the University of Pennsylvania, that ran between his home and a college laboratory. He also had a keen artistic ability, and many of his drawing survive today. Additionally, Wylie began to experiment with photography soon after the daguerreotype process was invented in 1839, and held patents including ones for a galvanic cell battery.
Theophilus was said to be a very effective teacher, respected by his students. Speaking of him at the dedication of Kirkwood Hall on January 25, 1895, Isaac Jenkinson, then president of the Board of Trustees of the University, had this to say:
"A man who has given his whole life's service to sustaining, perpetuating, and making useful the work of this University. He has labored with a zeal, and earnestness, and a devotedness which has brought him rich reward from the grateful hearts of hundreds of students, but which has left him poor indeed in other recompense."
A former student and colleague of Wylie, Amzi Atwater, remembered thus:
Family life.
On November 5, 1838, Wylie married Rebecca I. Dennis (1812-1913) of Germantown, Pennsylvania. In 1859, following the death of Andrew Wylie’s widow, Theophilus purchased their former home, and moved there with his family. Theophilus and Rebecca had eight children, six of whom lived to adulthood. Theophilus and Rebecca's children and grandchildren include:
Their home is now the Wylie House Museum operated by Indiana University Libraries to interpret the lives of both the Theophilus Wylie family and Andrew Wylie family who lived there.
Wylie's great-great-great-grandson is LinkedIn executive chairman Reid Hoffman.

</doc>
<doc id="20531270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531270" title="Călin Albuț">
Călin Albuț

Septimiu Cǎlin Albuț (born 23 May 1981 in Bistrița, Romania) is a Romanian goalkeeper. He plays for Gloria Bistrița, in Liga I.

</doc>
<doc id="20531276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531276" title="Martin Laurinc">
Martin Laurinc

Martin Laurinc (born 4 January 1978) is a Slovak football player who currently plays for ŠK Tvrdošín.

</doc>
<doc id="20531277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531277" title="Travonti Johnson">
Travonti Johnson

Travonti Johnson (born May 9, 1984 in Miami, Florida) is an American football safety who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He played college football at Central Florida.
Johnson has also been a member of the Billings Outlaws.

</doc>
<doc id="20531287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531287" title="Mirab Kishmaria">
Mirab Kishmaria

Mirab Boris-ipa Kishmaria (, ) is the current Minister of Defence of the Republic of Abkhazia, which enjoys only limited recognition internationally.
Early life and career.
Mirab Kishmaria was born 3 August 1961 in Ochamchira in what was then the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic. In 1984 he graduated from the Almaty general command college. From June 1987 until February 1989 Kishmaria fought with the 40th division of the Soviet army in Afghanistan. During the 1992-1993 War in Abkhazia, Kishmaria was commander of the eastern front of the Abkhazian army, in the Ochamchira district.
Political career.
On 22 March 2005 Mirab Kishmaria became First Deputy Minister of Defence. After Sultan Sosnaliyev resigned as Defence Minister on 8 May 2007, Kishmaria became acting Minister of Defence on 10 May. He was appointed permanently to the post on 26 July.
Family.
Mirab Kishmaria is married to a Georgian wife, they have 11 children. Out of these, seven fought in the 1992-1993 war with Georgia, and two died therein.

</doc>
<doc id="20531307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531307" title="Mike Fladell">
Mike Fladell

Mike Fladell (born October 5, 1985) is an American football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Rutgers. Fladell has also been a member of the New York Jets, New York Sentinels and Omaha Nighthawks.

</doc>
<doc id="20531315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531315" title="Xenon-enhanced CT scanning">
Xenon-enhanced CT scanning

Xenon-enhanced CT scanning is a method of computed tomography (CT scanning) used for neuroimaging in which the subject inhales xenon gas while CT images are made. The method can be used to assess changes in cerebral blood flow in the period shortly after a traumatic brain injury, or to detect or indicate the location of a stroke. The diffusion of the gas into the tissues shows how much blood flow each area is getting. 

</doc>
<doc id="20531322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531322" title="Fernando Tobias de Carvalho">
Fernando Tobias de Carvalho

Fernando Tobias de Carvalho known as Hudson (born July 18, 1986) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for SK Dynamo České Budějovice.

</doc>
<doc id="20531349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531349" title="Yuri Levitin">
Yuri Levitin

Yuri Abramovitch Levitin ("Yuriy", "Youri"; "Levitine") (Russian language: "Левитин, Юрий Абрамович") ( – 26 July 1993 in Moscow) was a Soviet Ukrainian composer of classical music.
Early life.
Levitin was born in Poltava. In 1935 he finished his studies at Leningrad Conservatory. In 1937, Graduate study in piano. He finished conservatory with composition classes under Dmitri Shostakovich. 
He worked as pianist in the Leningrad State stage and the Leningrad Philharmonic Society (1931-1941). After this he managed the musical portion of the theater in Tashkent (1941-1942). From 1942 he lived and worked in Moscow.
Compositions.
His output includes four operas; seven cantatas; two symphonies; concertos for orchestra, and for solo instruments and orchestra including trumpet, clarinet, cello, oboe and horn; chamber- instrument ensembles, including about a dozen string quartets; many songs; and music for films.

</doc>
<doc id="20531357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531357" title="Floating (play)">
Floating (play)

Floating is the name of a stage production created and performed by "emerging Welsh performance artist" Hugh Hughes, in collaboration with British touring theatre company Hoipolloi.
It tells the story (which Hughes insists is true) of the Isle of Anglesey floating away from the mainland of Wales and voyaging around the world. Hughes performs alongside actor Sioned Rowlands. Hughes introduces the story to the audience and re-enacts the story, playing himself, with Rowlands playing all the other parts.
Floating won a Total Theatre Award at the 2006 Edinburgh Festival Fringe. Following its run in Edinburgh, the show has continued to tour to venues and festivals across the World including Sydney Opera House, Barbican Centre, Barrow Street Theatre in New York and PuSh International Performing Arts Festival in Vancouver.
Since Floating, Hugh Hughes has created two new stage shows, Story of a Rabbit and 360.
In September 2011, BBC Radio 4 will broadcast a new version of "Floating" as an Afternoon Play.

</doc>
<doc id="20531358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531358" title="Bibby Island">
Bibby Island

Bibby Island (variously named on maps as Bibyos, Sir Bibby, Sir Bibby's, Sir Bybie's, and Sir Bibye's) was named for Sir Bibby Lake, governor from 1712 to 1743. [http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=xLLRAAAAMAAJ&q=%22bibby+island%22+%22named+for%22&dq=%22bibby+island%22+%22named+for%22&hl=en&ei=l93vTInsKYyGhQexk9XZDA&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=1&ved=0CDAQ6AEwAA]
It is one of several uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located within western Hudson Bay, from the community of Whale Cove.
Other islands in the vicinity include Airartuuq Island, Flattop Island, Imiligaarjuk Island, Imilijjuaq Island, Irik Island, Ivuniraarjuq Island, Kayak Island, and Walrus Island.
Geography.
The large, low island is characterized by till and boulders, separated from Neville Bay's shore by a narrow, shallow channel.

</doc>
<doc id="20531377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531377" title="Yolande Beckles">
Yolande Beckles

Yolande Beckles is a British educationalist and businesswoman. She founded Global Graduates in 1998, a company aimed at raising the aspirations of, and teaching soft skills to mainly ethnic minority children, but not solely made up from ethnic minority children. Global Graduates collapsed in 2003. After this, debts of around £125,000 were left unpaid and at least nineteen county court judgments have been lodged against her.
In 2006, she starred in a three-part documentary series called Don't Mess with Miss Beckles which was aired on BBC2. In it, she tried to motivate three secondary school children (one per episode) to achieve more in their academic life. The reaction to the show in the media was polarised, with some praising her message of parental involvement in a child's learning, while others suggested that the show was exploitative and that her approach was tantamount to bullying. One of the parents featured in the show subsequently spoke out about Beckles's 'wholly inappropriate' behaviour. The screening of the program also prompted a number of Beckles's creditors to issue renewed calls for payment. An individual claiming to be a friend of a creditor has since set up a website to monitor her activities.
Yolande Beckles is currently in Los Angeles, where she has set up an educational program called "Think Global Kids" and been elected to a volunteer seat on the Greater Echo Park Elysian Neighborhood council. 
She was born in London in 1962 to parents of Trinidadian origin. She has two siblings, Brian and Hermione, and two children, Diandra and Euan.

</doc>
<doc id="20531385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531385" title="Look Who It Is!">
Look Who It Is!

Look Who It Is! is the autobiography of British comedian and television presenter Alan Carr. It details his life from growing up in Weymouth to presenting The Friday Night Project. In the book, Carr recounts how he grew up in the shadow of his father, Graham Carr, and was therefore expected to grow up to be a great football player, despite his childhood "puppy fat". The book laments on his schooldays - he was picked last for the football team when the other students found out his lack of talent and his father forcing him to refuse to communicate with a friend because he was apparently "gaying him up". Carr also tells the story of how puberty left him with "big teeth" and a camp voice. 
""Puberty had been unkind. Whereas it had come in the night and left the other boys with chiselled, stubbly chins and deep masculine voices, I'd been left with a huge pair of knockers and the voice of a pensioner.""

</doc>
<doc id="20531418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531418" title="Dembe">
Dembe

Dembe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20531450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531450" title="Todds Tavern, Virginia">
Todds Tavern, Virginia

Todds Tavern, Virginia is an unincorporated community in Spotsylvania County and was the site of the Battle of Todds Tavern, Virginia. It was the focal point of a cavalry battle on May 7–8, 1864, between the battles of the Wilderness and Spotsylvania Court House during the American Civil War. Today there is a convenience store at the crossroads where the original tavern sat.

</doc>
<doc id="20531457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531457" title="Draco (physician)">
Draco (physician)

Draco (or Dracon, ) was the name of several physicians in the family of Hippocrates.
There may, however, be some confusion in the Suda, and it is possible that these three physicians are not all distinct persons.

</doc>
<doc id="20531461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531461" title="Hippocrates (physician)">
Hippocrates (physician)

Hippocrates () was the name of several physicians in the time of Ancient Greece, some of whom were in the same family as the celebrated Hippocrates of Cos (Hippocrates II).

</doc>
<doc id="20531469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531469" title="Wes Yoder">
Wes Yoder

Wes Yoder is the founder of Ambassador Agency Inc., a Christian-based literary agency and speakers bureau. He was raised on a dairy farm in the Amish and Mennonite community of Lancaster, Pennsylvania and currently resides in Franklin, Tennessee with his wife.
Career.
Yoder moved to Nashville, Tennessee in 1973 to work in the music business. He was a pioneer during the Jesus Movement in the formation of the Contemporary Christian Music genre. He represented and helped launch the careers of artists including Amy Grant and Michael Card.
In 1984, he formed Ambassador Agency, the first speakers bureau to assist thinkers and authors dedicated to a biblical world-view.
Projects include national media representation of The Purpose Driven Life and literary and media representation of two # 1 New York Times best-sellers, "Mistaken Identity" and "The Shack".
Yoder represents the McCaughey septuplets http://www.christianpost.com/Society/General/2009/02/christian-agency-we-do-not-intend-to-represent-octuplets-mom-17/ Christian Agency: We Do Not Intend to Represent Octuplets Mom], by Eric Young, Christian Post Reporter, Feb. 17 2009</ref>
Yoder's first book, Bond of Brothers: Connecting with Other Men beyond Work, Weather and Sports, is published by Zondervan (October 2010). Yoder appeared on The TODAY Show in an interview about his book with Ann Curry.

</doc>
<doc id="20531485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531485" title="2004 Open Gaz de France">
2004 Open Gaz de France

The 2004 Open Gaz de France was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Stade Pierre de Coubertin in Paris in France that was part of Tier II of the 2004 WTA Tour. The tournament was held from February 9 through February 15, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20531502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531502" title="Dönme Dolap">
Dönme Dolap

Dönme Dolap ("The Carousel," in English) was the Turkish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, performed in Turkish by Modern Folk Trio & Ayşegül Aldinç.
The song was performed second on the night (following Austria's Marty Brem with "Wenn du da bist" and preceding Germany's Lena Valaitis with "Johnny Blue"). At the close of voting, it had received 9 points, placing 18th (equaling Portugal) in a field of 20.
The song is a mixture between the traditional Turkish music and the pop music. The lyrics made a comparison between life and a carousel with ups and downs, the better is the friendship, because is eternal.
It was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1982 Contest by Neco with "Hani?".

</doc>
<doc id="20531531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531531" title="Fertilizer Fund scam">
Fertilizer Fund scam

The Fertilizer Fund Scam is a Philippine political controversy involving accusations that Agriculture Undersecretary Jocelyn Bolante diverted P728 million in fertilizer funds to the 2004 election campaign of President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo.
Details.
In March 2004, the Philippine Daily Inquirer reported that Senator Panfilo Lacson accused President Arroyo of vote-buying by authorizing the release of ₱728 million. The money was supposedly to be used for the purchase of fertilizers which would be distributed to the local officials.
After a year, an episode of the Probe Team reported that some farmers claimed that they did not receive fertilizers from the funds released by the Department of Agriculture. A Philippine Center for Investigative Journalism (PCIJ) special report was released later saying that billions of farm funds were used to fund the presidential campaign of Arroyo.
Jocelyn Bolante.
Jocelyn "Joc-Joc" Bolante was the Agriculture Undersecretary when the fertilizer fund scam erupted. He is accused of diverting at least ₱728 million in fertilizer funds to President Arroyo's 2004 election campaign.
When the controversy broke out in 2006, Bolante fled to the US and sought asylum, but his petition was denied by the US courts and he was eventually deported.
Bolante arrived in the Philippines on 28 October 2008. Upon his arrival, the Senate effected the warrant on Bolante, initially holding him under hospital arrest.
After a month, Bolante appeared on the Senate for the first time. He denies that the money was misused stating that there was no fertilizer scam despite the findings of the Commission on Audit that there was ‘excessive overpricing’ of the liquid fertilizer purchased by Bolante's proponents. He cleared President Arroyo from any direct involvement. He also cleared the congressmen and other local officials implicated in the fertilizer fund scam.
Investigation.
Task Force Abono is currently looking into the involvement of some 140 congressmen in the Ginintuang Masaganang Ani (GMA) program of the Department of Agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="20531553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531553" title="Penor, Pahang">
Penor, Pahang

Penor is a small town 35 km south of Kuantan town. Located near the Kuantan-Pekan district border, it is accessible by the Tanjung Lumpur Highway (). Penor houses the jail of Pahang, Penor Jail, which is Penor's landmark. Apart from the jail, Penor is famous among locals for its calm beach and also as a fishing spot.

</doc>
<doc id="20531571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531571" title="Francisco Marins">
Francisco Marins

Francisco Marins, (born November 23, 1922) is a Brazilian writer. He is the author of a series of books for children about the Taquara-Póca farm. Marins also writes historic novels set in the colonial Brazilian hinterland. He was born in Pratânia, Estado de São Paulo, which was at the time part of Botucatu.
Marins has sold more than 5,000,000 books, which have been translated into fifteen languages, and is the only Brazilian writer in the European collection "Delphin", that features classics of children's literature around the world.
Francisco Marins is a member of the "Academia Paulista de Letras".

</doc>
<doc id="20531593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531593" title="Hubert Creekmore">
Hubert Creekmore

Hubert Creekmore, (16 January 1907 – 23 May 1966), was an American poet and author from the small Mississippi town, Water Valley. Creekmore, born into one of the oldest Southern families of the area, would grow up to embody ideals very different from the conservative Southern principles by which he was raised.
Education.
Creekmore was a very educated man, having received his education from a broad spectrum of locations. He studied at the University of Mississippi, graduating from Ole Miss in 1927. He then went on to study drama at the University of Colorado and play writing at Yale University with George Pierce Baker. Then, in 1940, he was awarded a Master's degree in American literature from Columbia University. After finishing his education, he was sent to serve in the Navy during World War II. He actively served in the Pacific for three years. Some of his earlier works as a poet (such as The Long Reprieve) were written while he was stationed in the Pacific.
Life and writings.
Due to his high level of education and due to the fact that he was a closeted homosexual), Creekmore experienced conflict regarding living in Mississippi. He felt that Mississippi was not a proper environment for a poet such as himself and that the cultural depravity (or so he thought) of rural, small-town Mississippi would not allow him to reach his full potential as a literary artist. There was not much work for Creekmore to do in Mississippi. He worked for the Mississippi Highway Department while he also wrote scripts for local theatrical productions. During the Great Depression, however, he was able to involve himself with the Federal Writers Project, a program created by Franklin Roosevelt to help support writers during the economic downturn. The program also encouraged writers to compile local literature and folklore, much like the Brothers Grimm had done in Germany almost a century before. Although Creekmore thought Mississippi a bit droll, he did have a circle of educated friends with whom he could associate. The closest and most important among these was the famous Mississippian author Eudora Welty, who was related to him by a marriage in the family. He often discussed literature with Eudora, especially concerning the role of women in the rural South. Creekmore was under the impression that women hindered themselves in society by molding themselves to a standard which women of the time believed men desired. Eudora, on the other hand, felt that male dominance in society played a bigger part. Creekmore, Eudora, and a few of their close friends formed a small club whose entire purpose was to sit up at night, watching the Cereus flower bloom, meanwhile discussing the literary arts. It was called, naturally, “The Night-Blooming Cereus Club.” Local people who planted the flower would often invite the club to their houses, sometimes going as far as printing the invites in their local newspapers. Creekmore did not stay in Mississippi forever. He finally made the decision to move to New York in an effort to further his career.
Hubert Creekmore was known for his well-roundedness in the circle of literary elites. He “had a very commanding presence” and was described as being particularly handsome. During his time in New York he served as an editor, a literary agent for publishing company New Directions, who also published fellow Mississippian Tennessee Williams), an author, a critic, a translator, a librettist, and a poet. Not only did he write, he was also quite musical, sometimes playing the piano with singers to entertain his friends at parties, at such parties he was described by one friend as being an “avid bourbon drinker”.
Creekmore, as an author, wrote mainly concerning the situations of “poor white Mississippians in the grip of religious fundamentalism and of black Mississippians under the strictures of the Jim Crow laws.” He also wrote of, albeit very vaguely, the theme of homosexuality and marriage in the South. Most homosexual men in the South chose to marry and keep their sexual preference hidden from the world so that they would not be ostracized by the public. Because of the themes which he often chose, he was generally disliked by most Southern readers. A few examples of his works are "The Fingers of Night" and "The Welcome". In "Fingers", Creekmore writes of a southern girl who is dealing with the problems caused by intense religious fervor. The Welcome focuses on the problems gay men (specifically those in the South) have when trying to accept their sexuality.
Creekmore, as a translator, was known to be “very prolific.” He translated various works from European languages, but most specifically he worked on classical pieces written in Latin. His most famous translations include the Satires of Decimus Junius Juvenalis, the Erotic Elegies of Albius Tibullus, and Lyrics of the Middle Ages. All of his translations can still be found in print today.
Death.
On 23 May 1966, Herbert Creekmore died from a heart attack in a taxi while heading for a flight to Spain. Having few relatives, no children and having lived in New York for so long, his works are scarcely known, even in his native state of Mississippi.
Selected works.
The following is a list of his most well known works: "Personal Sun, the Early Poems of Hubert Creekmore" (1940). "The Stone Ants" (1942). "The Fingers of the Night" (1946). "The Long Reprieve and Other Poems of New Caledonia" (1946). "Formula" (1947). "The Welcome" (1948). "Erotic Elegies of Albius Tibullus, with Poems of Sulpicius Arranged as a Sequence Called No Harm to Lovers" (1950). "A Little Treasury of World Poetry: Translations from the Great Poets of Other Languages" (1952). "The Chain in the Heart" (1953). "Lyrics of the Middle Ages" (1959). "Satires of Decimus Junius Juvenalis" (1963). "Daffodils Are Dangerous" (1966).

</doc>
<doc id="20531616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531616" title="Euro Generals scandal">
Euro Generals scandal

The Euro Generals Scandal involves Eliseo de la Paz and several Philippine National Police officials who went to Russia on October 2008 to attend the Interpol conference. De la Paz was detained for carrying a large sum of undeclared money.
Details of the Scandal.
Eight police officers and Eliseo de la Paz along with the spouses of some police officials and General Jesus Versoza went to Russia to attend the International Police Conference last October 2008.
Former PNP comptroller Eliseo de la Paz and his wife were briefly detained and interrogated at the Moscow international airport for carrying an undeclared 105,000 euros or P6.9 million in cash.
Investigation.
On November 19, 2008, the House Committee on Public Order and Safety launched its own investigation into the "euro generals".
Nueva Ecija Representative Rodolfo Antonino, panel chairman, said that the panel has sent out invitations to all police officers who went to Russia, retired national Police comptroller Eliseo de la Paz and Local Governments Secretary Ronaldo Puno. Also invited were Budget and Management Secretary Rolando Andaya and a senior representative from the Commission on Audit.
The panel is also reviewing reports of the Philippine National Police and the Napolcom.
Findings.
A team of investigators led by Assistant Ombudsman Joselito Fangon has recommended the filing of graft charges against former Philippine National Police (PNP) comptroller Eliseo de la Paz and his colleagues.
The investigators also recommended the filing of similar charges against former PNP Director General Avelino Razon Jr. and several top officials including Samuel Rodriguez, Orlando Pestaño, Tomas Rentoy III, Elmer Pelobello, Romeo Ricardo, Emmanuel Carta, Ismael Rafanan, German Doria, Silverio Alarcio Jr., and Jaime Caringal.
Based on their findings however, investigators said the amount came from “private funds.”
The team said the PNP officials violated section 3(e) of the Anti-Graft and Corrupt Practices Act.
The Field Investigation Office anchored its recommendations on an alleged violation of Article 217 of the Revised Penal Code, or malversation of funds.
The FIO recommended the filing of several criminal and administrative charges against several of the respondents.
The recommended charges were falsification of public documents, prolonging of performance of duties, violation of the passport law, obstruction of the apprehension and prosecution of criminal offenders, perjury, and violation of the New Central Bank Act.
Charges.
In 2010, the office of the Ombudsman filed graft charges against twelve former and active ranking PNP officials for their alleged involvement in the incident.

</doc>
<doc id="20531617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531617" title="Story of a Rabbit">
Story of a Rabbit

Story of a Rabbit is a stage production created and performed by "emerging artist" Hugh Hughes, in collaboration with British touring theatre company Hoipolloi.
Themes.
In the production, Hughes discusses his father's death and the impact it had upon him. He also introduces a subplot featuring the death of a rabbit he was once looking after for a friend, weaving the two stories together as he explores the mysteries surrounding death.
Related.
"Story of a Rabbit" is the second show created by Hughes, the first being "Floating". "Story of a Rabbit" was nominated for a Total Theatre Award and won a Scotsman Fringe First Award at the 2007 Edinburgh Festival Fringe.

</doc>
<doc id="20531624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531624" title="Air sock">
Air sock

An Air sock is a textile or fabric duct used for draught-free air distribution and delivery of conditioned air as an alternative to traditional spiral or rectangular steel ducts with grilles and diffusers. Fabric ducts are usually cheaper in material cost, and are quicker to install than conventional metal systems.
Overview.
The ducts can be suspended on virtually any type of ceiling as the ducts only weigh approximately 1–2kg.
Air socks are mounted on extruded aluminium rails, these are hung from the ceiling and continually support the ducts along their length.
The systems are very flexible and can be tailored to all possible dimensions, shapes and lengths for almost all types of rooms.
Low velocity systems diffuse air through their surface or micro perforations, higher velocity, mixing systems use laser cut perforations or Textile Nozzles to throw the air.
The ducts come pre-finished in a range of colours and so do not require protective painting.

</doc>
<doc id="20531629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531629" title="The Real Thing at Last">
The Real Thing at Last

The Real Thing at Last is a satirical silent movie based on the play "Macbeth". It was written in 1916 by Peter Pan creator and playwright J. M. Barrie as a parody of the American film industry. The film was made in response to news that American filmmakers intended to honor the 300th anniversary of William Shakespeare's death, and presents itself as a crass example of how they would adapt the classic play.
The film featured several popular British stage actors of the period, and served as the film debuts of Edmund Gwenn, Marie Lohr, Ernest Thesiger, and Frederick Kerr. It was presented at a benefit for the YMCA, attended by Queen Mary, Princess Mary, and Prince Albert (later King George VI).
Synopsis.
American film producer Rupert K. Thunder (Edmund Gwenn) hosted the film live. The movie loosely follows the plot of the play, with comically melodramatic embellishments.

</doc>
<doc id="20531644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531644" title="The Official Version">
The Official Version

The Official Version is an alternative version of D.I.T.C.'s self-titled album D.I.T.C. which was never officially available on vinyl; hence the name of this release. The Official Version has a different tracklisting with many of the songs being totally different versions than the ones appearing on the first album and also 2 tracks that weren't on D.I.T.C. at all - "All Love" and "We Known For That" (which is actually a remix of the 12" single "Internationally Known"). The album is executively produced by Show and released on D.I.T.C. Records with distribution by Fat Beats.

</doc>
<doc id="20531675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531675" title="Victoria Laundry (Windsor) Ltd v Newman Industries Ltd">
Victoria Laundry (Windsor) Ltd v Newman Industries Ltd

Victoria Laundry (Windsor) Ltd v Newman Industries Ltd 2 KB 528 is an English contract law case on the remoteness of damage principle.
Facts.
Newman Industries Ltd was meant to deliver a boiler for Victoria Laundry (Windsor) Ltd. The delivery was five months late. As a result of not having enough laundry capacity, Victoria Laundry lost a lucrative cleaning contract from the Ministry of Supply. Victoria Laundry sued for the ordinary profit that it had forgone through not having the boiler on time. The question was whether it could also claim the extraordinary profit it would have made, had it been able to take advantage of the lucrative Ministry of Supply contract.
Judgment.
Asquith LJ in the Court of Appeal held that Newman Industries only had to compensate for the ordinary, not the extraordinary loss of profits. He distinguished (at p 543) losses from “particularly lucrative dyeing contracts” as a different type of loss which would only be recoverable if the defendant had sufficient knowledge of them to make it reasonable to attribute to him acceptance of liability for such losses. The vendor of the boilers would have regarded the profits on these contracts as a different and higher form of risk than the general risk of loss of profits by the laundry.

</doc>
<doc id="20531679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531679" title="Thomas Flavel">
Thomas Flavel

Thomas Flavel (1793 – July 1829) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1821 to 1828.
An all-rounder who bowled and kept wicket, Flavel was mainly associated with Surrey. He made 22 known appearances in first-class matches and represented the Players in the Gentlemen v Players series.

</doc>
<doc id="20531686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531686" title="Deborah Smith">
Deborah Smith

Deborah Smith is the New York Times bestselling author of more than 35 novels in romance and women's fiction. Her books include 21 series romances under her real name and under two pen names (Jackie Leigh and Jacquelyn Lennox). Her bigger novels include "Miracle", "Blue Willow", "Silk and Stone", "A Place To Call Home", "When Venus Fell", "On Bear Mountain", "Charming Grace", "Sweet Hush", "The Stone Flower Garden", "Alice at Heart", "Diary of a Radical Mermaid", "The Crossroads Cafe", "A Gentle Rain", and "Solomon's Seal: Discovery".
"A Gentle Rain" was a Romance Writers of America RITA finalist in 2008. In 2004 "Sweet Hush" was optioned for film by the producers of "The Princess Diaries".
Smith is also editorial director and a founding partner of BelleBooks, a small press (2000–present) co-owned by Smith, former RWA V.P. Debra Dixon, and veteran authors Sandra Chastain and Martha Shields Crockett. BelleBooks has currently published more than 25 novels and anthologies including two illustrated children's books and one nonfiction booklet, "Bra Talk", by Susan Nethero.
Smith's 2008 novels include "Just a Little Bit Guilty", a romantic comedy, and "Solomon's Seal: Discovery", a contemporary paranormal.
Her 2009 projects include a dark urban fantasy novel entitled "Soul Catcher", (under the pen name Leigh Bridger) and a women's fiction trilogy set in Asheville, North Carolina and featuring a family of great cooks. The books in the trilogy are entitled "Kitchen Charms", "Pickle Spells", and "Biscuit Witch".

</doc>
<doc id="20531693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531693" title="Hellmuth Reinhard">
Hellmuth Reinhard

Hellmuth Reinhard (July 24, 1911 - 2002) was head of the Gestapo in Norway (1942–1945), and was partly responsible for the deportation of at least 532 Norwegian Jews and was sentenced to 5 years imprisonment in 1967 as an accessory to murder.
Early years.
Reinhard was born Hermann Gustav Hellmuth Patzschke on July 24, 1911 in Unterwerschen, Weissenfels (now part of Burgenlandkreis), Bezirk Halle in Saxony. In 1913 his family moved to Leipzig. From 1929 he was member of the Hitler Youth ("Hitlerjugend"). He then studied in Vienna, Leipzig and Berlin.
Nazi official.
He became a member of the SS in March 1933 (121174) and a member of the NSDAP in May of the same year (2.382.157). The SS was at that time an organisation which recruited younger men distancing themselves from the "hoodlum character of the SA and the party and who looked upon the SS as an elite order, spiritually and politically" 
In 1934 he became a member of the SD, the intelligence service of the SS and the NSDAP. He became leader of the "SD Hauptamt, Partei und Staat" in 1938. Appointed "Regierungsassesor" in the same year. On 25 April 1939 he changed his last name to Reinhard. During the war he was stationed in Prague, then later on, in August 1941, he became leader of the "Zentralstelle für jüdische Auswanderung" in the Netherlands. For approximately three months during 1941/42 he was in the Einsatzgruppe C, whereupon he went to Norway in order to become head of the Gestapo, Abteilung IV, from 28 January 1942, working under the leader of the Sicherheitspolizei in Norway, Heinrich Fehlis. He remained in this position until 1 February 1945.
In November 1943, he was awarded the War Merit Cross, 1st class with Swords.
Post-war years.
After the war he changed his name back to his original one, which enabled him to avoid further scrutiny from authorities regarding his activities at the time in question. Only in 1964, his true identity became known to the West German police and he was prosecuted in 1967. Released in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20531699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531699" title="Edward Freeborough">
Edward Freeborough

Edward Freeborough (18 August 1830 – 14 September 1896) was the co-author, with Charles Ranken, of "Chess Openings Ancient and Modern" (1889), one of the first important opening treatises in the English language and a precursor of "Modern Chess Openings". He was a member of the editorial staff of the "British Chess Magazine" from 1883 until his death in 1896. He also wrote the books "Chess Endings" (1891, 1896) and "Select Chess End-Games from Actual Play" (1895, 1899), and edited the book "Analysis of the Chess Ending, King and Queen Against King and Rook" by "Euclid" (a pseudonym for A. Crosskill) (1895).
Freeborough had just completed the third edition of "Chess Openings Ancient and Modern" and transmitted the final version to the publisher "when he was struck down by a sudden and mortal illness".
Legacy book.
The first edition of the book was published in 1889. Later editions were published in 1893, 1896, and 1910. It was one of the first opening books written in columnar form: columns of move-sequences thought to constitute best play, presented in chess notation and concluding with a symbol indicating the analyst's assessment of the final position (such as "equal", "White wins", or "advantage to Black"). The book also set forth a number of general principles, many of which are still valid today. 
Even modern grandmasters study the book. Frank Brady wrote in his biography of World Champion Bobby Fischer that "Chess Openings Ancient and Modern" was one of the most heavily annotated books in Fischer's personal library. Fischer had pencilled in his own analyses of the Scotch Game, Giuoco Piano, Evans Gambit, Bishop's Gambit, Danish Gambit, and other openings. Referring specifically to the analysis in "Chess Openings Ancient and Modern", Grandmaster Robert Byrne wrote in a 1991 New York Times chess column, "Ingenious strategies and tactics were tried out in the old days, and if your opponent knows them and you don't, you are in for a pounding." Likewise Fischer, in his famous book "My 60 Memorable Games", annotating an Evans Gambit that he had won against Reuben Fine, cited analysis from the 1893 edition of "Chess Openings Ancient and Modern" as an improvement on Fine's ninth move.
A rare game.
Freeborough was not distinguished as a player, and few of his games survive. Amos Burn, one of the world's strongest players, easily beat him in the following game. 
Burn–Freeborough, Lancashire vs. Yorkshire match, 1887: 
1. e4 e5 2. Nc3 Bc5 3. f4 Bxg1? 4. Rxg1 Nc6 5. fxe5 Nxe5 6. d4 Ng6 7. Qf3 c6? 8. Bc4 Qf6 9. Qxf6 Nxf6 10. e5 Nh5 Losing a piece. 11. g3 Ne7 12. g4 b5 13. Bd3 Bb7 14. gxh5 Kf8 15. Ne4 Nc8? Losing another piece. 16. Nc5 Rb8? 17. Nxd7+ 1–0 Burn commented, "Mr. Freeborough is so constant a writer on the theory of the game that this example of his "practice" is somewhat remarkable."

</doc>
<doc id="20531745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531745" title="This That and The Other">
This That and The Other

This That and The Other is the first compilation album by the actor Viggo Mortensen, released in 2004. The album compiles songs from five of his albums: "One Less Thing to Worry About" from 1997, "One Man's Meat" from 1999, "The Other Parade" from 1999, "Pandemoniumfromamerica" of 2003, and "Please Tomorrow" of 2004. Most of those albums are out of print.
The album includes three new songs, named "This", which opens the album, "That", and "The Other", which finishes the album - all of them building the album's title. The compilation features long-time collaborateur Buckethead for the sixth time, plus Viggo's son Henry Mortensen and the owner, producer and keyboardist of TDRS Music, Travis Dickerson. The album is dedicated to all trees, living or dead, inhabited or not.

</doc>
<doc id="20531757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531757" title="Zap time">
Zap time

The zap time is the total duration from the time viewer presses the channel change button, to the point the picture of the new channel is displayed, along with corresponding audio. These kind of delays exist in all television systems, but they are greater in digital television and systems that use the Internet like IPTV. Human interaction with the system is completely ignored in these measurements, so zap time is not the same as channel surfing.
Zap time can be very disturbing for the viewer since it has to wait too much time when decides to switch the channel. For this reason, zap time is an IPTV feature that has to be reduced in an IPTV system.
Factors.
The delays in the TV channel change can be caused by different factors. They can be classified according to the systems that cause them. Consequently there are network factors, MPEG acquisition factors and Set Top Box Buffering/Decode.
Network factors.
Actually, these are only a small component of delay in the final time. Usually they take about 50 - 200 ms of the overall zap time. Network quality of service(QoS) can reduce these time ensuring minimal jitter, latency and packet drop.
Computing zap time.
The factors that has been explained in the last section don't affect in the same way to the overall zap time. So in the table below there are an example of the zap time in IPTV DSL:
Examples.
In this section some typical values of zap time are shown. Actually, in IPTV television these delays are greater than in other technologies:

</doc>
<doc id="20531790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531790" title="Association of Health Care Journalists">
Association of Health Care Journalists

The Association of Health Care Journalists is an independent, nonprofit organization dedicated to advancing public understanding of health care issues. Its mission is to improve the quality, accuracy and visibility of health care reporting, writing and editing. There are more than 1,100 members of AHCJ. The Association is based in Columbia, Missouri, at the Missouri School of Journalism.
History.
The Association incorporated in 1998 and procured 501(c)3 status in 1999. In 2004 (at the fifth national conference in Minneapolis), the membership approved conversion of the Association to a 501(c)6 trade association with a supporting 501(c)3 charitable organization - the Center for Excellence in Health Care Journalism. The association holds annual meetings, publishes newsletters, operates a website and advocates on behalf of health journalists and the free flow of information. The Center presents training events, publishes educational materials and undertakes other educational projects aimed at improving the state of health journalism.
Resources.
AHCJ and the Center offer a number of resources and services intended to help journalists do in-depth and accurate reporting on health and health care issues. Its initiatives include the Awards for Excellence in Health Care Journalism, an active Web site and blog, annual conferences, smaller training events, online training, and fellowships.
Awards.
The Awards for Excellence in Health Care Journalism are notable as the only awards program for health journalism that is not influenced or funded by commercial or special-interest groups, an issue that has received scrutiny recently.
The Association advocates for high ethical standards in health care reporting and has taken a position against news organizations entering into arrangements with hospitals that improperly influence health coverage, urged reporters to resist signing confidentiality agreements with hospitals and opposed secrecy clauses in contracts between medical device manufacturers and hospitals.

</doc>
<doc id="20531858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531858" title="Sound Sun Pleasure!!">
Sound Sun Pleasure!!

Sound Sun Pleasure!! is an album by the American Jazz musician Sun Ra and his Astro Infinity Arkestra. Recorded March 6, 1959, it wasn't released until 1970 on Sun Ra's Saturn label. Recorded at the same time and with the same personnel as Jazz in Silhouette, the album is unusual amongst early Ra albums for predominantly featuring jazz standards.
The album has been reissued on CD by Evidence with 7 tracks taken from the 1973 Saturn album "Deep Purple" recorded between 1953 and 1957.
Track listing.
12" Vinyl.
Side A:
Side B:

</doc>
<doc id="20531866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531866" title="Calamian treeshrew">
Calamian treeshrew

The Calamian treeshrew ("Tupaia möllendorffi") is a treeshrew species found in the islands of Busuanga and Culion, which are part of the Calamian Islands group in the Philippines.
The German zoologist Paul Matschie first described a Calamian treeshrew from Culion that was part of a zoological collection obtained by the Berlin Zoological Museum. He considered it a distinct species as this type specimen differed from the Palawan treeshrew by a slightly shorter muzzle, and a lighter colour of the toes, hair of the tail and chest.

</doc>
<doc id="20531896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531896" title="James Cobbett">
James Cobbett

James Cobbett (12 January, 1804 - 31 March 1842) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1826 to 1841 for Middlesex, Surrey and Yorkshire. Considered by many - according to "The Cricketer" and "Wisden" - to be "the finest allrounder of his day", Cobbett was a right-handed batsman, occasional wicket-keeper and right arm slow roundarm bowler.
Cobbett began as an MCC ground staff bowler who occasionally stood as umpire. He started a playing career with Middlesex in 1826, as Surrey - the county of his birth - featured little in first-class cricket at the time. He played only once for them in 1839, as well as matches for Yorkshire in 1835. He represented the Players in the Gentlemen v Players series and the South in the North v. South series. But it was for the MCC between 1830 and 1841, that he made most of his appearances: 47 in all, scoring 78 runs and taking 311 wickets.

</doc>
<doc id="20531920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531920" title="Tyndale Theological Seminary (Europe)">
Tyndale Theological Seminary (Europe)

Tyndale Theological Seminary is an interdenominational, evangelical seminary in Badhoevedorp, the Netherlands which prepares students for ministries as pastors, teachers, missionaries and denominational leaders around the world. The seminary is a graduate, professional school offering accredited masters programs in the English language. 
Programs.
A Master of Divinity Program and a Master of Evangelical Theology. A certificate is also available for those looking for Biblical studies without the degree.
Both Tyndale's masters programs are fully accredited by the European Evangelical Accrediting Association which has accredited more than 60 institutions across Europe. The EEAA is charter member of the International Council for Theological Education (ICETE) and full member of the International Network for Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE).

</doc>
<doc id="20531932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531932" title="Driebergen-Zeist railway station">
Driebergen-Zeist railway station

Driebergen-Zeist is a railway station located between Driebergen-Rijsenburg and Zeist, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 17 June 1844 and is located on the Amsterdam–Arnhem railway. The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen. In a Railpro survey in 2005 there was approximately 8368 passengers per day using Driebergen-Zeist station.
Destinations.
The following major destinations are possible from Driebergen-Zeist:
Arnhem, Nijmegen, Rhenen, Utrecht, Schiphol.
At Arnhem many other major destinations can be reached including:
Deventer, Zwolle, Cologne, Tiel, 's-Hertogenbosch, Tilburg, Breda, Roosendaal, Doetinchem and Zutphen.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Driebergen-Zeist:
Bus services.
Bus Services depart from in front and behind the station.
These include:
43, 46, 50, 56, 71, 74 and 81.

</doc>
<doc id="20531950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531950" title="Ikaros Smederna">
Ikaros Smederna

Ikaros Smederna is a motorcycle speedway club based in Eskilstuna, Sweden. The club competes in the highest speedway league in Sweden, Elitserien and race its home matches at Smedstadion outside Eskilstuna. Ikaros Smederna was formerly known as just Smederna but after making a sponsorship deal with company Ikaros in the fall of 2008 the club changed its name. However, this did not have the wanted effect on the club economy and in July 2009 the club went bankrupt and withdrew from Elitserien to restart in Division 1. Smederna has won two Swedish team championships, in 1973 and 1977, and was the home club of three individual world champions, Billy Hamill, Mark Loram and Nicki Pedersen.
History.
In 1948 the speedway team Griparna (English: the Griffins) started to race in the Swedish leagues. The team was co-run by motorcycle sport clubs SMK Södermanland, Nyköpings MS and Eskilstuna MK and was based in Nyköping, however some of their home matches took place in Eskilstuna. 1951 the team changed name to Smederna (English: the Blacksmiths) and started to race all home matches in Eskilstuna. Until 1953 the home track had been Tunavallens B-plan which was not an actual speedway arena. But that year Smederna moved to the new speedway arena Snälltorpet. But Smederna would only race at Snälltorpet for a few years before closing the team down in 1955.
After eight years SMK Södermanland decided take up speedway again and in 1963 Smederna started in the third and lowest division in Swedish speedway. In 1967 the club advanced to the second division and in 1971 to the first and highest division. In the seventies Smederna would have its first and biggest time of glory with a couple of team championship medals. In 1973 Smederna managed to win the club’s first championship and in the following three years the team was participating in the medal fight with a silver medal in 1975 as highest result. In the spring of 1976 Smederna and the whole town of Eskilstuna was hit by a big tragedy when local superstar Tommy Jansson crashed to death in a world championships qualification at Gubbängen, Stockholm. It was a big blow for the speedway sport in the city and there was a big decrease in the attendance figures. In spite of the tragedy Smederna continued to be one of Sweden’s best speedway clubs for a couple of years with the gold medal in 1977 as best result.
In the eighties the interest for speedway decreased in Eskilstuna as well as in Sweden. Smederna had some internal problems in the beginning of the decade ending up with the club splitting up in two separate clubs, Smederna and Tuna Rebels. Smederna struggled to keep its place in the highest division (since 1982 called Elitserien)and was relegated to the second division in 1985 to 1986, 1988 to 1989 and 1992. In 1993 Smederna had once again advanced to Elitserien and this time the team finished on second place which was the best result in ten years. Smederna now managed to maintain their place in the upper tier for 17 consecutive seasons. In 2002 the club moved to a new home track, Smedstadion, outside of Eskilstuna and in the first season Smederna had problems to make advantage of the new track but already in the following season Smederna won all but one of their home matches. The loss came in the Swedish team championship final against Kaparna. Smederna had to once again settle for a silver medal.
In the recent years Smederna has struggled with financial problems which forced the club to downsize the squad and release a few top riders like Nicki Pedersen, Billy Hamill and Scott Nicholls. In the fall of 2008 Smederna decided to sell the team name to Swedish company Ikaros. As it turned out, this sponsorship deal was not enough to save the club. In July 2009 the club went bankrupt and immediately withdrew from the Elitserien league. The following year the team made a restart in the league system by entering the Division 1, still under the name of Ikaros Smederna, and won the league quite easy. For the next two years the club raced in the Allsvenskan league and in the season of 2013 Ikaros Smederna made a return to the Swedish top tier, only four years after the bankruptcy.

</doc>
<doc id="20531968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531968" title="Rahasane turlough">
Rahasane turlough

Rahasane turlough is a turlough, that is a karst lake, which has no surface outlet and is surrounded on all sides by rising land. It is the largest surviving turlough in Ireland. Water collects seasonally in the basin and drains away only through evaporation or seepage into the underlying limestone. It consists of two basins which are connected at times of flood but separated as the waters decline. It covers 257 ha at an altitude of 10–30m above sea level.
It is situated on the Dunkellin river, west of Craughwell in south-west Galway. The site comprises marshes, seasonally flooded wet meadows, with limestone outcrops and scrub at its margins. In the summer the lake empties and the basin is grazed by cattle, horses and sheep.
The southern basin is the more impressive feature, with high rocky sides above an undulating base, strewn with boulders. There is a low hill on the south side of the main basin, and another on
the north-east, near Shanbally Castle.
Like many other large turloughs it has been threatened with permanent drainage for agricultural improvement, however, it has now been designated a Special Protection Area and a Special Area of Conservation. It is an important location for migrating birds, and wintering ground for the White-fronted Goose.It is one of the few known breeding grounds in Ireland of the Eurasian Wigeon. It is a very good place to spot accidental visitors from America, such as the American Wigeon, and from Europe, such as the Black Tern.
The fairy shrimp "Tanymastix stagnalis" was first recorded in Ireland from the southern basin at Rahasane. It cannot occur in permanent waterbodies as it needs isolation from predators in order to grow to reproductive age.

</doc>
<doc id="20531969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531969" title="Dixie Grammar School">
Dixie Grammar School

Dixie Grammar School is an independent school in Market Bosworth, Leicestershire. It is next door to the high school Market Bosworth High School. In the heart of Market Bosworth
The earliest records of the School's existence date from 1320, but the school was re-founded in 1601 under the will of an Elizabethan merchant and Lord Mayor of London, Sir Wolstan Dixie, by his great-nephew Sir Wolstan Dixie of Appleby Magna, who came to live in Market Bosworth in 1608.
The most distinguished of the School's former pupils is Thomas Hooker, founder of Hartford, Connecticut, known as the Father of American Democracy. Samuel Johnson, moralist, poet and author of the famous dictionary, taught at the school in the mid-eighteenth century. 
The main building of today's school was built in 1828 and faces the market square of Market Bosworth. A distinguished headmaster of the school was the Rev. Arthur Benoni Evans from 1829 till his death in 1854. The school ceased to exist as a "grammar school" in 1969, with the establishment of Market Bosworth High School (11–13 years) and Bosworth Community College, Desford (14–18 years), as much larger comprehensive schools found favour.
The Leicestershire Independent Educational Trust was formed in 1983, and four years later the school was re-opened as a selective, independent, day school for boys and girls of all backgrounds between the ages of 10 and 18. Three years later the Junior School opened, moving in 2001 to its present premises, Temple Hall in Wellsborough.
The Dixie Grammar provides education for the following ages of children:
In 2012 the Headmaster Mr John R Wood was the Chairman of the Independent Schools Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20531979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531979" title="Faith In What?">
Faith In What?

Faith In What? is a novel by the American writer Richard Krawiec set in 1980s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. According to Kirkus Review, it is a "gritty, powerful second novel."
It tells the story of a working-class family, Tim and Pat and their two daughters, struggling with illness and unemployment in the wake of the dramatic collapse of the steel industry.
See also.
"Time Sharing"

</doc>
<doc id="20531990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531990" title="North Milton Keynes">
North Milton Keynes

North Milton Keynes was an Office of National Statistics designated urban sub-area for the 2001 national census. This terminology is not used for the 2011 census.
The Central Milton Keynes urban sub-area and the North Milton Keynes urban sub-area together approximated to that part of the former Newport Pagnell Rural District that is west of the River Ouzel. The sub-area consists of the modern part of Bradwell, Rooksley, half of Bradwell Common, Linford Wood, half of Downs Barn, Downhead Park, Willen and Tongwell.
The ONS's basis for defining "North Milton Keynes", and its boundary with the Central Milton Keynes urban sub-area, was unclear since it did not respect natural boundaries. It may have related to phases of building developments.

</doc>
<doc id="20531991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531991" title="Critérium des As">
Critérium des As

The Critérium des As (Race of the Aces) was a cycle race that was generally held at the end of the season, with entry by invitation only, for the leading riders of the season. Competitors rode behind pacers on tandems or motorcycles. It was held from 1921 until 1990, mostly in Paris, France but also in Switzerland and Holland. The last Critérium des As was held in 1990 and was replaced by the Roue d'Or des As the following year.
History.
In 1920 the "Critérium de la résistance" was run from Bordeaux to Paris (Longchamp) and back to Bordeaux, and is regarded as the forerunner of "Critérium des As". The paced event was won by Louis Mottiat of Belgium, in 56 hours and 48 minutes. 
In 1921 the best riders of the season were invited to enter the "Critérium des As", 27 laps of a 3.63 km circuit around Longchamp. They rode alone except for pacers who helped on occasional laps, not being fast enough to last longer. 
Crowds of up to 6,000 watched in the years before the World War II. The individual pacers were replaced by tandems, triplets, motorcycles and finally specialist Derny lightweight motorcycles in 1947. René de Latour, a journalist who organised the race in 1943, when the inside of the circuit included flak guns to defend the Renault factory in Billancourt, said: 
The most prolific winner was Rik van Steenbergen of Belgium, with five wins.
Venues.
The race was held at:

</doc>
<doc id="20531993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20531993" title="James McQuilkin">
James McQuilkin

James Robbie Leonard McQuilkin (born 9 January 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Walsall in League One.
Career.
Hereford.
McQuilkin was born in Tipton, West Midlands. Having previously been attached to West Bromwich Albion and FC Tescoma Zlín, McQuilkin made his Football League debut for Hereford United in their opening home game of the 2009–10 season against Cheltenham Town. He signed a new 1-year contract at the end of the 2009/10 season to keep him at the club. After becoming a regular member of the starting XI in his second season at Edgar Street he signed a new contract to keep him at the club until the end of the 2012/2013 season. After finding first team chances limited he joined Kidderminster Harriers on loan for an initial one month period in January 2012. He made five appearances for the club, scoring once before returning to Hereford after the end of the month's loan period. He was released by Hereford United on 22 March 2013.
Walsall.
After leaving Hereford, McQuilkin signed a one-year contract at League One side Walsall on 29 July 2013 following a successful trial spell. "Saddlers" manager Dean Smith praised McQuilkin, saying: "He has put in some good performances and I have been extremely impressed with his attitude. He is a welcome addition to the squad."

</doc>
<doc id="20532007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532007" title="List of Craven locomotives">
List of Craven locomotives

The following list gives details of locomotives designed by John Chester Craven for the London Brighton and South Coast Railway between his appointment in 1847 and his retirement in January 1870.
Unlike other locomotive engineers, John Chester Craven did not believe in standardisation, but rather designed individual locomotives for particular jobs. 

</doc>
<doc id="20532012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532012" title="George Millyard">
George Millyard

George Millyard (born 12 November 1814 at Petworth, Sussex; died 20 July 1848 at Petworth) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1835 to 1842. He was a cousin of his Sussex colleagues Jem and William Broadbridge.
A left-handed batsman, occasional wicket-keeper and right arm medium pace roundarm bowler who was mainly associated with Sussex, he made 50 known appearances in first-class matches. He was playing for Sussex when the county club was founded in 1839. He represented the Players in the Gentlemen v Players series and the South in the North v. South series.

</doc>
<doc id="20532023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532023" title="Tomáš Kóňa">
Tomáš Kóňa

Tomáš Kóňa (born 1 March 1984) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club FK Senica.
Club career.
Kóňa, native of Nitra, began playing football at local club FC Nitra. He made his debut for senior team in the 2003–04 Second Division season. After Nitra's promotion to the Corgoň Liga in 2005, he took part in every matches until his transfer to Sparta Praha in January 2006.
He made his debut for Sparta against Příbram on 19 August 2006. He played 10 matches in 2006–07 and only one match in 2007–08 due to fracture of his leg. After his treatment he moved to Zlín on half-year loan in July 2008.
In February 2009, he moved on half-year loan to Artmedia Petržalka. He appeared in 14 league matches and scored one goal. He played in the 2008–09 Slovak Cup Final where they lost against MFK Košice.
In July 2009, he came back to Nitra on one-year loan and helped them to qualify at the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League, scoring 4 goals in 30 matches.
In July 2010, he moved to Senica on one-year loan. He showed good performance for Senica that finished second in 2010–11 and he has signed 2-year contract in July 2011.
International career.
Kóňa made his national team debut in a 1–0 away win against Andorra on 26 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20532049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532049" title="Dronrijp railway station">
Dronrijp railway station

Dronrijp is a railway station located in Dronrijp, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 27 October 1863 and is located on the Harlingen–Nieuweschans railway between Harlingen and Leeuwarden. The station is operated by Arriva.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Dronrijp:

</doc>
<doc id="20532050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532050" title="Gejza Baranyai">
Gejza Baranyai

Gejza Baranyai (born 13 November 1983 in Marcelová) is a Slovak football player who currently plays for MŠO Štúrovo. He is of Hungarian descent.
Career.
Born in Marcelová, Baranyai began playing football for Štúrova. He next signed for Slovak Superliga side AS Trenčín, and went on loan to LAFC Lučenec. In January 2008, the 24-year-old was transferred to FC Tescoma Zlín of the Czech Gambrinus liga.

</doc>
<doc id="20532055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532055" title="Tiempo Perfecto">
Tiempo Perfecto

Tiempo Perfecto is the first album released by Mexican rock band, Coda. It was released in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20532077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532077" title="Eunotosaurus">
Eunotosaurus

Eunotosaurus is an extinct genus of parareptile and possible close relative of turtles from the late Middle Permian (Capitanian stage) Karoo Supergroup of South Africa. It was once widely accepted as the missing link between turtles and their prehistoric ancestors. Many fossils have been found showing a semi-rigid, turtle-like rib cage, one which presumably necessitated a tortoise-like fashion of walking. The ribs are very wide and flat, touching each other to form broad plates analogous to the carapace of a turtle. Moreover, the number of vertebrae, the size of the vertebrae, and their structure are nearly identical to those of some turtles. Despite the many similarities to turtles, "Eunotosaurus" has a skull that shares many characteristics with the skulls of more primitive anapsids, placing it within the extinct group Parareptilia. Phylogenetic analyses that use the morphological features of fossils and living species to determine evolutionary relationshops show strong support for turtles being descendants of parareptiles, in which case "Eunotosaurus" would be close to the ancestry of turtles. However, analyses based on the molecular data of living reptiles strongly support the idea that turtles fall within a group called Diapsida as close relatives of either snakes and lizards (in which case they would be lepidosauromorphs) or birds and crocodiles (making them archosauromorphs). According to this view, the expanded ribs and similar vertebral columns of "Eunotosaurus" and turtles are a case of evolutionary convergence.
Description.
"Eunotosaurus" has a broad body formed by nine pairs of widened ribs that overlap each other. The forward-most ribs are angled slightly backward and the backward-most ribs angle slightly forward. The ribs are T-shaped in cross section, each having a broad, flat surface on the top and a narrow ridge running along its length on the bottom. The upper surface is convex, giving the body of "Eunotosaurus" a rounded shape. Each pair of ribs connects to an elongated dorsal or back vertebra. Most ribs are fused to the vertebrae, but some smaller specimens of "Eunotosaurus" have rib pairs that connect with the vertebrae but are not fused to them. There are nine dorsal vertebrae, far fewer than what is seen in other parareptiles. The neck of "Eunotosaurus" is short, consisting of six short cervical vertebrae.
Histological analysis of cross-sections of the ribs indicate that they grew in three different phases as an individual developed. As is the case in most land vertebrates, the first phase involves the growth of a rib primordium that ossifies (ossifies) into a rib bone. The second phase, which deviates from most other land vertebrates, is the development of a shelf of bone above the main shaft of the rib to form the T-shape. The third and final phase is the widening of the lower ridge into a teardrop-like shape, reinforcing the rib. While the third phase is unique to "Eunotosaurus", the second phase is also seen in modern turtles. In turtles, the shelf of bone that forms from the rib shaft becomes a plate of the shell or carapace. In each rib of "Eunotosaurus", the posterior surface of the lower ridge has Sharpey's fibers embedded in it. Sharpey's fibers help anchor muscles to bone. Most amniotes have Sharpey's fibers on the posterior and anterior edges of the ribs because the ribs are connected to each other by intercostal muscles, which are muscles that assist in breathing. The lack of Sharpey's fibers on the anterior side of the ribs of "Eunotosaurus" suggests that it lacked functional intercostal muscles. Turtles also lack intercostal muscles and instead have muscles that connect to the undersides of the ribs for the purpose of locomotion. If "Eunotosaurus" is close to the ancestry of turtles, it may have had similar sets of muscles.
History of study.
"Eunotosaurus" was named in 1892, but it was not until 1914 that it was proposed to be an ancestor of Chelonia, the turtle order. English zoologist D. M. S. Watson claimed that "Eunotosaurus" was transitional between cotylosaurs (now referred to as captorhinids) and Chelonia. He compared it to "Archichelone", a name he devised for a hypothetical chelonian ancestor, noting that its ribs appeared to be intermediate between those of turtles and other tetrapods. Watson's "Archichelone" had a pelvic girdle that was pushed back on the vertebral column and placed under the shell. However, fossils of "Eunotosaurus" show that the pelvis is in the normal tetrapod position and is placed over the ribs rater than within them, as in modern turtles.
"Eunotosaurus" was considered the ancestor of turtles up until the late 1940s. In his 1956 book "Osteology of the Reptiles", American paleontologist Alfred Sherwood Romer claimed that "Eunotosaurus" could not be included within Chelonia based on the available evidence. He placed it within Anapsida in its own order "incertae sedis".
Over a century after its naming, "Eunotosaurus" was known from less than a dozen specimens, with very little material known from the skull. Despite the paucity of material, it was well described. Two additional skeletons were unearthed from the Karoo Supergroup and described in 1999. They are now housed in the Bernard Price Institute for Palaeontological Research in Johannesburg and the National Museum, Bloemfontein. While relatively rare, "Eunotosaurus" is common enough in the Karoo to be used as a biostratigraphic marker. It is present in the upper Tapinocephalus Assemblage Zone and in all parts of the succeeding Pristerognathus Assemblage Zone.
Classification.
"Eunotosaurus" was assigned to its own family, Eunotosauridae, in 1954. However, this name has fallen into disuse. In 1969, it was placed in the anapsid suborder Captorhinomorpha, which is now considered to be within the clade Eureptilia. In 2000, "Eunotosaurus" was placed in the clade Parareptilia, separate from turtles and cotylosaurs. A 2008 phylogenetic analysis of parareptiles found "Eunotosaurus" to be the sister taxon of "Milleretta" and thus within the family Millerettidae.
"Eunotosaurus" was incorporated in a recent 2010 phylogenetic analysis that sought to determine the origin of turtles. Turtles have recently been considered diapsids on the basis of genetic and phylogenetic evidence, and thus more closely related to modern lizards, snakes, crocodiles, and birds than parareptiles or any other anapsid. However, with the inclusion of "Eunotosaurus" and the Late Triassic stem turtle "Proganochelys", the resulting phylogenetic tree placed turtles outside Diapsida in a position similar to turtle's original placement as anapsids. This study claimed that "Eunotosaurus" shared derived features of its ribs and vertebrae with the earliest turtles, thus making it a transitional form. The study identified several features that united "Eunotosaurus" with turtles in a true clade. These include broad T-shaped ribs, ten elongated trunk vertebrae, cranial tubercles (small projections on the surface of the skull), and a wide trunk. The clade consisting of "Eunotosaurus" and turtles was called "Pan-Testudines." More derived testudines, such as the earliest turtle "Odontochelys", have a plastron.
The following cladogram shows the phylogenetic position of the "Eunotosaurus", from Ruta "et al.", 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20532082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532082" title="William Broadbridge">
William Broadbridge

William Broadbridge (born 1 October 1790 at Duncton, Sussex; died 19 April 1860 at Duncton) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1817 to 1830. He was a brother of Jem Broadbridge and a cousin of George Millyard.
A right-handed batsman and occasional wicket-keeper who played for Sussex, he made 25 known appearances in first-class matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20532088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532088" title="Viking Club">
Viking Club

The Viking Club was a club for philologists and historians specializing in Germanic and Scandinavian studies. It was founded by E.V. Gordon and J. R. R. Tolkien when the two were professors at Leeds University in the 1920s. At meetings of the club students and faculty would gather to read Old Icelandic sagas and drink together in an informal setting. Members of the club also invented original songs and poems in Old English, Gothic, Old Norse and other extinct Germanic languages. A collection of these works was privately published as "Songs for the Philologists", of which most of the printed editions were destroyed in a fire. Only a very few copies are believed to have survived.

</doc>
<doc id="20532098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532098" title="Lac-Simon, Outaouais, Quebec">
Lac-Simon, Outaouais, Quebec

Lac-Simon is a town and municipality in the Outaouais region of Quebec, Canada, part of the Papineau Regional County Municipality.
It is known for its sandy beaches on Lake Simon and provides services to vacationers and campers.
History.
In 1845, Métis Amable LeBlanc and his wife Marie-Louise Cimon, the niece of Basile Outik, chief of the Oka Indian tribe, went to settle on an island in the middle of a beautiful lake located 75 miles north-west of Oka. Eight families left with him to this region where hunting and fishing were very good. Three of these families were related to the parents of his wife and from then on, the residents of Oka, and later those of Montebello, called this lake "Lake Cimon", which became "Lake Simon". The largest island in the lake is now called White Duck Island ("Île du Canard Blanc") in honour of Amable LeBlanc who was nicknamed "White Duck" in reference to his slightly lighter skin colour as compared to his native relatives.
Starting in 1852, Franco-Catholic colonists began to settle at the lake, working as log drivers, loggers, or farmers. In 1857, a mission was established. In 1864, Hartwell Township is formed (named after a place in central Buckinghamshire, England), followed a few years later by the United Township Municipality of Hartwell-et-Suffolk. In 1880, the mission attained the status of parish under the name of Saint-Felix-de-Valois.
In 1881, Hartwell-et-Suffolk separated and formed the Township Municipality of Hartwell and the Township Municipality of Suffolk. In 1893, Hartwell was merged with Preston Township, becoming the United Township Municipality of Hartwell-et-Preston.
In 1936, the united townships were separated again and formed Township Municipality of Hartwell and the Municipality of Duhamel. In 1958, Hartwell becomes the Parish Municipality of Chénéville and finally becomes Municipality of Lac-Simon in 1965.
Lac-Simon's development as a resort area began in the 1950s, and accelerated when the Provincial Government acquired sites bordering the lake and opened a campground. Today, Centre touristique du Lac-Simon is a popular year-round vacation resort.
Demographics.
Population trend:
Private dwellings (occupied by usual residents): 480 (total: 1206)
Languages:

</doc>
<doc id="20532120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532120" title="Inline hockey in the United Kingdom">
Inline hockey in the United Kingdom

Inline hockey and skater hockey are team sports, similar to ice hockey. In the UK, there are a few associations that govern inline hockey. The British Inline Puck Hockey Association (BIPHA) and British Rink Hockey Association (BRHA) govern the sport with rules using a Puck. The British inline Skater Hockey Association (BiSHA) is different from BIPHA as BiSHA uses a Ball, Inline skates and roller skates and is played to full-contact rules. GBinline, is a minor association within the country.
BIPHA has nine current regions spread across the UK, regional league winners and runners-up progress to national finals held in Rotherham each summer. BIPHA is able to provide leagues for players at two year age groups beginning at Under 10. The association also sends teams to compete in FIRS World Championships normally held in the USA.
BRHA covers mainly the south coast from Exeter to Portsmouth but always open to new teams to join. They have close ties with the Major League Roller Hockey (MLRH) and in particular MLRH Europe, promoting elite competition across Europe and the world. The BRHA's primary venue is the Solent Arena in Fareham. http://www.facebook.com/BritishRinkHockeyAssociationbrha?ref=hl. http://www.facebook.com/mlrh.webmaster
BiSHA has four current regions and is more popular in the South of the UK with only one league covering the North of England. Similarly to BIPHA, BiSHA holds national championships for league winners and runners-up. BiSHA also sends teams to represent the country, the BiSHA Great Britain team competes in the iiSHF European Championships.
BIPHA has four specific Inline hockey venues. These are used by each of the associations. Deeside Leisure Centre, North Wales, is the largest with Skate Central, Sheffield being a similar size. Virtual Ice Inline, in Rotherham, has two small sized pads and is the home venue of BIPHA. Also, the Lord Roberts Centre in Bisley, Surrey, has a similar sized rink. For Regional Leagues, often Leisure Centres are used due to the lack of specific venues.
Often, players will play in one or more associations, this is generally due to the lack of players and available teams. Some players will travel to other regions where the standard of hockey may be higher than in their own region.

</doc>
<doc id="20532155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532155" title="Salt the Wound">
Salt the Wound

Salt the Wound is an American deathcore band from Cleveland, Ohio, formed in 2001. The band is currently signed to Rotten Records and have released three full-length studio albums. After the release of their debut album, "Carnal Repercussions" the band would continuously tour to an overwhelming extent, which led to their disbandment during the first half of 2010. With later negotiations, the group reformed in 2011 with original as well as new members releasing their next full-length studio album "Kill the Crown".
Biography.
Formation.
Salt the Wound was founded on September 11, 2001 as a duo by their original drummer Jim Agrippe, and original guitar player Mike Kawkabany. The group continued on as duo until 2003, where additional members joined and assumed the requirements of a full band. Vocalist Kevin Schafer was welcomed during this year, which then shortly led to these three recruiting Abe Zieleniec as the band's bassist and Jake Scott as another guitar player.
Rotten Records and disestablishment.
The band released two EPs in 2004 and 2005 respectively, but didn't record and release their demo that had them searching for a label until 2007, which led to Salt the Wound being signed to Rotten Records. Salt the Wound achieved underground success in 2008 through their debut studio album, "Carnal Repercussions" which attracted radio airplay as well as touring requests. By 2009, the album collectively sold 75,000 copies worldwide. By mid of 2009, the group finished recording their second full-length album, entitled "Ares", which was released September 15, 2009 and features Matthew Wessoly, their final vocalist incepted into the band before their disbandment.
On October 30, 2009, Salt the Wound announced that they were "hanging up the towel". They held a farewell tour at the beginning of 2010, holding their final show in the states in their hometown of Cleveland.
Reformation.
Salt the Wound announced in November that they have officially reformed (with original vocalist Kevin Schaefer, original guitar player Jake Scott, and The Analyst drummer Brandon Tabor). The band released their third full-length album entitled "Kill the Crown" in March 2011, which was produced by Brian White. Their next studio album has been confirmed to be in the works as stated by Scott.
Musical style.
Salt the Wound's musical style is essentially deathcore but also includes influences of melodic death metal in their music. Their vocal style contains death metal-stylized death growl vocals along with metalcore screaming and "pig squeal" vocals in earlier albums. The drumming is described as "ultra-fast" and includes blast beats. The guitar work features a lower tuning for the rhythm guitar position, but a higher tuning for the lead position, and is usually played at intricate riffs. Salt the Wound have stated that they are primarily influenced by bands such as All Shall Perish, The Black Dahlia Murder, and The Dillinger Escape Plan.

</doc>
<doc id="20532201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532201" title="Anes Haurdić">
Anes Haurdić

Anes Haurdić (born 1 March 1990) is a Bosnian football player currently playing for 1. SC Znojmo in the Czech Gambrinus Liga.

</doc>
<doc id="20532206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532206" title="Duiven railway station">
Duiven railway station

Duiven is a railway station located in Duiven, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 15 February 1856 and is located on the Oberhausen–Arnhem railway between Arnhem and Elten (Germany). The station is operated by Arriva and Breng. The station was closed between 4 October 1936 and 31 May 1980. ICE services pass through this station at high speed.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Duiven:

</doc>
<doc id="20532223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532223" title="Edith Urch">
Edith Urch

Edith Laura Urch (c.1915–January 1978), known to her friends as Urchie, was an English nurse and charity worker who founded the Ladyeholme Housing Association, a charity for homeless people, and ran it as general secretary until her death.
Urch was born in Russia, although her parents were both from Somerset. Her father, R. O. G. Urch, was Professor of English at the University of Moscow. Shortly after the Russian Revolution in 1917, her father was arrested and incarcerated in the Lubyanka Prison, and she and her mother hid in a tiny peasant cottage just outside the city. Eventually, in 1920, her father was released, and the family returned to England. She remembered her experiences of poverty in Russia all her life, and these contributed to her founding of Ladyeholme. Her father later returned to the area as Russian and Baltic correspondent of "The Times", based in Riga, Latvia.
Urch was educated in England and France and then joined the Poor Clares as a postulant. However, she decided that her vocation was in nursing and left the order (although she remained a deeply devout Roman Catholic all her life), qualifying as a State Registered Nurse and later also as a State Certified Midwife. She eventually rose to become sister-tutor at the Charing Cross Hospital in London.
During the Second World War, she suffered severe spinal injuries during an air raid, which left her partially disabled and often in great pain for the rest of her life. In 1951, using her disability pension, she bought a small terraced house in Battersea and began to take in homeless people. This developed into Ladyeholme (the name coming from an historical association devoted to the Virgin Mary), which eventually owned 42 houses throughout London. The charity was always short of money, and Urch often lived in poverty herself, giving everything she had to it. She was often in conflict with Shelter, a much larger charity for the homeless, whom she accused of including the families housed by Ladyeholme in its own statistics and of claiming that it was the only charity helping the homeless in London, ignoring the existence of Ladyeholme.

</doc>
<doc id="20532246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532246" title="Unión Demócrata Cristiana">
Unión Demócrata Cristiana

Unión Demócrata Cristiana can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20532248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532248" title="Pascal Tsaty Mabiala">
Pascal Tsaty Mabiala

Pascal Tsaty Mabiala is a Congolese politician who has been the Secretary-General of the Pan-African Union for Social Democracy (UPADS) since 2006, as well as President of the UPADS Parliamentary Group since 2007.
Political career.
In the June–July 1992 parliamentary election, Tsaty Mabiala was elected to the National Assembly as a UPADS candidate. After the election, the Congolese Labour Party (PCT) formed an alliance with the Union for Democratic Renewal (URD), and together the two held a parliamentary majority. On 24 September 1992, the National Assembly, controlled by the URD–PCT alliance, elected its Bureau; UPADS, as part of the parliamentary opposition, received two secondary posts in the seven-member Bureau, one of which went to Tsaty Mabiala, who was elected as Second Secretary of the National Assembly.
Acting on behalf of UPADS, Tsaty Mabiala signed the Code of Good Conduct between political parties of the majority and the opposition on 31 May 1997. The Code of Good Conduct was an agreement to disavow political violence, although it proved to be entirely futile, as a civil war broke out a few days later.
Shortly after the outbreak of the civil war on 5 June 1997, Tsaty Mabiala was included on the National Mediation Committee. In September 1997, Tsaty Mabiala, who was a leading member of UPADS, was appointed as Minister of National Defense in the government of Bernard Kolélas; this government was ousted after only one month when forces loyal to Denis Sassou Nguesso captured Brazzaville in mid-October 1997.
In 2006, Tsaty Mabiala was First Vice-President of the National Preparatory Commission for the UPADS Congress. At the party's first extraordinary congress, held on 27–28 December 2006, Tsaty Mabiala was elected as the Secretary-General of UPADS. He was subsequently elected to the National Assembly in the 2007 parliamentary election as the UPADS candidate in the Loudima constituency of Bouenza Region. Following that election, he became President of the UPADS Parliamentary Group when the National Assembly began meeting for the new parliamentary term in September 2007.
As of May 2008, Tsaty Mabiala is Interim President of the Alliance for the New Republic (ANR) opposition coalition.
Tsaty Mabiala, as spokesman for the United Front of Opposition Parties (FUPO), a coalition of about 20 opposition parties, condemned the preparations for the July 2009 presidential election, saying that "conditions such as transparency, the revision of lists, and respect for the opposition are not created for this election; it will be neither free nor transparent, and we will contest that."
Speaking in the National Assembly on 8 December 2009, Tsaty Mabiala argued that the government's anti-corruption campaigns were ineffective and that improved legislation to punish corruption was needed.
Speaking to journalists on 29 January 2011, Tsaty Mabiala called on the press to work independently of political pressure and play its part in the development of democracy. He offered a poor assessment of 2010, saying that it had been a year without improvement in the living standards of the Congolese people or progress in democratization across the continent. He also expressed disappointment in the continued predominance of neoliberalism as a global economic system.
In the July–August 2012 parliamentary election, he was re-elected to the National Assembly as the UPADS candidate in Loudima constituency. He won the seat in the second round of voting, receiving 62.48% of the vote against an independent candidate, Marcel Koussikina. On 2 November 2012, some UPADS leaders announced that Tsaty Mabiala was suspended from the party for alleged misconduct. Tsaty Mabiala in turn declared that the suspension was invalid.
Tsaty Mabiala responded to President Sassou Nguesso's new year's message on 31 December 2013 by saying that Sassou Nguesso needed to address the issue of changing the constitution to allow him to run for another term, something Sassou Nguesso had not mentioned in his message. He urged Sassou Nguesso to quiet the ongoing debate, initiated by the ruling PCT, by affirming that he would not stand again as a presidential candidate in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="20532252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532252" title="Abba Sabra">
Abba Sabra

Abba Sabra (fl. c. 1450) was an Ethiopian Orthodox monk, and the teacher of the children of Emperor Zara Yaqob of Ethiopia. Abba Sabra tried to convert the Beta Israel (Ethiopian Jews), but was instead converted by them to Judaism. He is best known for introducing monasticism to the Beta Israel, and the tradition of Jewish monks continued down the centuries until the Great Famine of the 1890s decimated their monasteries in Lay Armachiho.
He then later converted the son of king Zara Yaqob, Saga-Amlak, who adopted the religious name Abba Saga. 
Later Abba Sabra and Abba Saga established a separate kingdom in modern day Ethiopia in which Jews were not persecuted.

</doc>
<doc id="20532255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532255" title="Armudluq">
Armudluq

Armudluq is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20532289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532289" title="Xallava">
Xallava

Xallava is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20532290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532290" title="Allied Schools (United States)">
Allied Schools (United States)

Allied Schools is a for-profit secondary and post-secondary educational services company founded in 1992. The company markets its certificate and diploma courses to working professionals, stay-at-home parents, military service members and disabled individuals to obtain training and credentials for career advancement, professional development or personal growth through distance education.
Allied is nationally accredited by the Distance Education and Training Council The Accrediting Commission of the Distance Education and Training Council is listed by the U.S. Department of Education as a [http://www.ed.gov/admins/finaid/accred/accreditation_pg7.html nationally recognized accrediting agency.
Accreditation.
Allied Schools has been granted national accreditation by the Distance Education and Training Council (DETC).
Allied National High School has received regional accreditation from the Western Association of Schools and Colleges Allied National High School is also regionally accredited by The Commission on International and Trans-Regional Accreditation(CITA), an accrediting organization dedicated to advancing the quality of education through accreditation.
DETC is focused on accrediting distance learning and is a national accreditor which differs from the more widely recognized and prestigious regional accreditation. Regionally accredited schools may accept and recognize the accreditations of the DETC, but others may not.
History.
Allied Schools began in 1979 through Ashley Crown Systems, Inc., a publishing company providing services for education vendors. In 1992, Allied Schools developed vocational training courses through distance learning platforms starting in the real estate industry. By January 1996, Allied Schools launched a fully integrated online school website, complete with an in-house developed student learning platform through alliedschoolscom.
Allied American University.
Allied American University is a division of Allied Business Schools, Inc. for its online university offering associate and bachelor's degrees.
Allied American University is nationally accredited by the Accrediting Commission of the Distance Education and Training Council. Allied American University received its accreditation in June 2008, making it one of the DETC's most recently accredited online schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20532293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532293" title="Qilican">
Qilican

Qilican is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20532294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532294" title="Sandra Samuel">
Sandra Samuel

Sandra Samuel (born ) is an Indian nanny who saved the life of two-year-old Moshe Holtzberg during the November 2008 Mumbai terrorist attacks. The government of Israel is considering granting Samuel the title "Righteous among the Nations".
Samuel saved when Nariman House was attacked during the November 2008 Mumbai attacks. Both of Moshe's parents were killed in the attack. Samuel is currently helping to care for the boy in Israel
Background.
Samuel had been living in the Mumbai Chabad House and working for Rabbi Gavriel Holtzberg and his wife, Rivka, since 2003. The Holtzbergs were the Israel-born directors of the house run by the global Orthodox Jewish Chabad movement. Samuel had been the nanny caring for the Holtzbergs' son Moshe since his birth. Samuel stated that she called them "my rabbi" and "my Rivki." When she started working there in 2003, it was expected to be a temporary job but she stated that she was "so captivated by their generous, courageous spirits" that she stayed on. When Moshe was born, she took the role of nanny.
In June 2008, her husband, John, a Keralite who worked as a mechanic, died suddenly in his sleep of an undiagnosed illness. She has two sons, Martin and Jackson, who were aged 18 and 25 at the time of the attack. She is a Christian. Samuel's family was originally from Goa but she lived most of her life in Mumbai.
Attack on the Nariman House.
On 26 November 2008, as the Mumbai attacks began, a group of attackers entered the Chabad house and began shooting at everyone inside. Samuel heard gunshots and locked herself in a laundry room as she heard Rivka screaming. Later, she heard Moshe calling out her name and crying. After emerging from the room and running upstairs, she found Gavriel and Rivka motionless and covered in blood with Moshe crying beside them, his pants drenched in blood. With the attackers still inside, Samuel said she grabbed Moshe and ran from the building. Later, when Indian commandos stormed the house, it was confirmed that Gavriel and Rivka were among the 173 people killed in the attacks, and that Moshe was now an orphan.
After the attack.
The Chabad movement's leaders decided Moshe should not stay in India and that he would be relocated to Israel where he has family. However, the movement insisted that Samuel be allowed to come with him, because, as a Chabad spokesperson stated: "At this point she's the only one the boy is responding to." Although Samuel had no passport, Moshe's grand uncle, Rabbi Yitzchak Dovid Grossman, helped arrange for her to get a visa to come to Israel with Holtzberg to help him start his new life. The Israeli government under Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni granted Samuel a special visa offering immigration status. They left India for Israel shortly after attending Moshe's parents' funeral.
On 4 December 2008, Samuel gave an interview with CNN in which she said she sees no heroism in her actions and that she wishes she could have been able to help more people, especially Moshe's parents. She also stated that she still has nightmares about the attacks. Currently, Samuel is living in Israel where she remains the caregiver for Moshe, who she says is learning to play again although he likes to have her close by. Samuel told an interviewer, "They said it is important I am here Israel. Me, I just take care of the baby." When asked about her plans for the future, Samuel said she would stay in Israel for as long as Moshe needs her. She stated that "No one knows how much Moshe saw, or how much he knows. His back is bruised where terrorists hit him. Now I want to see that this baby who has been given in my care, he grows big, brave like his Nanny Saves Jewish Toddler From Mumbai Attacks by Kristine Johnson, Wcbstv.com, 6 December 2008.</ref> Samuel says she wants to be with Moshe until he "grows big" and that "By God's grace I hope I am there to see it. That's it. All my blessings to my Moshe baby."
Samuel later revealed that she was not supposed to be at the Chabad house that evening because she usually visited one of her sons on Wednesday evenings. She stated that "God kept me there because God already knew what would happen."
In a subsequent interview, Samuel stated that Moshe Holtzberg is happy again, and that he "is like a normal kid, just enjoying himself. He has gotten used to other people surrounding him. He loves it here. He is in very good condition, just like normal. He is having his breakfast, lunch and snacks and he sleeps very well now." She added that he no longer cries out for his parents: "He is not even asking for them now because he is too happy. He loves it here. He has swings, a garden, a see-saw."
Samuel and Holtzberg initially stayed with Rabbi Grossman after arriving in Israel. However, they later moved to Afula to live with his maternal grandparents.
In early December 2008, fifth-graders at Solomon Schecter Day School in Jericho, New York wrote individual letters to Samuel to thank her for saving Holtzberg's life. The students cited Samuel's heroism based on the Jewish tradition that "one who saves one person saves an entire nation."
Awards.
Righteous among Nations.
Israel is considering conferring on her the title "Righteous among the Nations", the highest Israeli award that may be presented to non-Jews. Sandra Samuel would be the first Indian to receive this award. This was articulated in these words by the Globe News Service of the Jewish People: "The ministry is considering granting her the title of "righteous gentile," Army Radio reported, allowing her to remain in Israel for an extended period of time." The Chabad movement later wrote that the Holtzbergs' "were blessed with such a selfless, brave and heroic caretaker" and that "Sandra is the proof that when people show their evil, others will show their beauty and greatness."
Esfira Maiman Women Rescuers Medal.
On 30 November 2008, the International Raoul Wallenberg Foundation, at a special session, unanimously voted to grant Sandra Samuel the Esfira Maiman Women Rescuers Medal in recognition of her bravery. The foundation stated that "Sandra has taught us two lessons of cardinal importance. The first one is that human solidarity is agnostic to race and religion. The second lesson, not less important, is that rescuers are still very much relevant nowadays, as they were more than six decades ago."
Citizenship.
Samuel was awarded permanent resident status and honorary Israeli citizenship on 13 September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20532297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532297" title="Qədili, Qubadli">
Qədili, Qubadli

Qədili is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20532302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532302" title="Qaraimanlı">
Qaraimanlı

Qaraimanlı is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20532305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532305" title="Mollalı, Qubadli">
Mollalı, Qubadli

Mollalı is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20532308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532308" title="Milallı">
Milallı

Milallı is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20532312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532312" title="Məzirə">
Məzirə

Məzirə is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20532314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532314" title="Mərdanlı">
Mərdanlı

Mərdanlı is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20532315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532315" title="HM Prison Lewes">
HM Prison Lewes

HM Prison Lewes is a local men's prison, located in Lewes in East Sussex, England. The term 'local' means that the prison holds people on remand to the local courts, as well as sentenced prisoners. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
Lewes is a Victorian prison, built in 1853. One of its first uses was to hold three hundred Finnish grenadiers as part of the Crimean War. The guards had been captured defending Bomarsund Fortress on the Åland Islands in the Baltic Sea. The grenadiers were later released and repatriated to Finland. 
Another early prisoner at Lewes was George Witton, a Lieutenant in the Bushveldt Carbineers in the Boer War in South Africa. He was imprisoned for murder after the shooting of Boer prisoners. 
During the 1916 Easter Rising in Ireland, several prominent figures involved in it were held at Lewes Prison, including Éamon de Valera (1882–1975); Thomas Ashe (1885–1917); Frank Lawless (1871–1922); and Harry Boland (1887–1922). 
In October 2003, after 25 to 30 prisoners were involved in a riot just before nightly lock-up that led to property damage and the injury of an officer, officials launched an inquiry.
A £1 million healthcare suite opened in the prison in June 2004, with facilities to treat physically ill prisoners and a 19-bed unit for assessing mental health.
In February 2008, an inspection report from Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons stated that one wing in Lewes Prison needed to be refurbished urgently after inspectors found that inmates had to eat their meals on toilets. The report also stated that anti-bullying and suicide prevention procedures at the prison were weak. However, inspectors found that vulnerable prisoners felt safe, and that the prison was decent overall. Two months later a new accommodation block for 174 inmates was opened at the prison, with a commitment from prison management to refurbish older wings at Lewes within the following 12 months.
The prison today.
Lewes is a local prison, holding convicted and remand adult males mainly from East Sussex and West Sussex courts. Accommodation at the prison consists mainly of shared cells, with some single accommodation. A new house block was opened at the prison in April 2008.
The prison also has a First Night Centre for newly imprisoned inmates, and a Listener Scheme for those at risk of suicide and self-harm. The prison offers a range of full and part-time education including information technology, literacy, numeracy and life/social skills. Additional employment is offered in the prison workshops.

</doc>
<doc id="20532369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532369" title="Bavarian Forest Railway">
Bavarian Forest Railway

The Bavarian Forest Railway ("Bayerische Waldbahn" often just called the "Waldbahn") () links the heart of the Bavarian Forest around Regen and Zwiesel to Plattling and the Danube valley on one side, and the Czech Republic through Bayerisch Eisenstein on the other. In the Danube valley it forms a junction with the Nuremberg–Regensburg–Passau long distance railway (KBS 880) and, to the south, regional lines to Landshut and Munich (KBS 931).
History.
In 1867 the Bavarian state began first investigating the possibility of a railway link from Plattling via Deggendorf, Regen und Zwiesel to the Bohemian border to provide transportation for the industries there. The Bavarian-Austrian state treaty of 21 June 1851 envisaged a junction with the Bohemian railway network at Eisenstein in addition to the existing connexions to Bohemia at Furth im Wald and Passau. The Pilsen–Priesen(–Komotau) railway was prepared to extend their Pilsen–Dux line as far as the border at Eisenstein.
On the initiative of several local people the Bavarian Eastern Railway Company ("Bayerische Ostbahn") were given authority by the Bavarian concession of 25 November 1872 to build the railway line. As a result the "Ostbahn" dropped plans under a previously granted concession of 3 August 1869 for the construction of a route from Straubing to Cham. Preparation for construction of the new line began as early as 1873. The search for a suitable route was extraordinarily difficult due to the steep climb from the Danube into the Bavarian Forest and the numerous valleys that had to be crossed. This promised to make the line expensive to build and not particularly profitable. On the other hand with a better link from the new line from Plattling through the Isar valley to Munich there was the attraction of a lucrative connexion with Bohemia. In 1874 work started on its construction.
Construction of the line.
At Plattling station the line branched off northwards from the Regensburg–Passau main line to Deggendorf and crossed the Danube there. As a result, Plattling station was relocated to the west and a new facility erected. The privately operated 8.7 km long Deggendorf–Plattling goods line, which had been opened on 1 March 1866, was broken up. Its two 2/2 coupled tank locomotives, delivered in 1866 by Maffei with the names "DEGGENDORF" and "BAYER. WALD", were taken over by the Royal Bavarian State Railways as Class D IIs, nos. 1176 and 1177. Both engines were retired in 1895.
For the ramp from Deggendorf ( AMSL) to the heights around Gotteszell ( AMSL), two options were investigated. One was a direct link via Hirschberg with an incline of 2%, the other was longer but clearly less steep with an incline of only 1.25%. In spite of its higher construction costs, the latter was chosen because, long term, it would offer more economical and faster operation utilising a double loop line between Oberkandelbach and Grafling and the tunnel at Ulrichsberg. The valleys along the line of the railway would be crossed on long bridges or long, high embankments.
The most important structures on the route:
At 48m, the Ohe bridge is the second highest railway bridge in Bavaria, just behind the Königswart bridge (height 50 m, length 279 m) at Wasserburg am Inn. On the state border the two railway companies built a very large station building at Bayerisch Eisenstein, the border running right through the middle of the building. The line was laid as a single track, but the route was prepared for two tracks. However it has remained single to the present day because the junction to the Mühldorf (Obb)–Plattling line, opened in 1875, and the Pilsting–Landshut link line, taken into service in 1880, did not bring the anticipated growth in traffic for the "Waldbahn" and across the border.
During the construction of the line, Bavaria decided to nationalise the "Ostbahn" in a law passed on 15 April 1875. This took place on 10 May 1875 and led to a merger with the Royal Bavarian State Railways on 1 January 1876. As a result the Plattling–Deggendorf–Gotteszell–Regen–Zwiesel–Ludwigsthal route was taken into service by the Bavarian state railway on 16 September 1877. After the completion of the Deffernik bridge the entire 74.7 km long route to Eisenstein was opened on 15 November 1877.
On the Czech side the line from Neuern to Eisenstein had been finished and taken into service on 20 October 1877 . The station building, whose construction had been agreed by the two railway companies on 17 May 1877, was not completed until 1878.
Connecting lines.
The central region of the Bavarian Forest was opened up even more to the railways through the construction of a number of branch lines:
Train services.
On 31 January 1877 the Bavarian state railway ordered six, very powerful, 0-6-0 tank locomotives from the Lokomotivfabrik Maffei in Munich. A month after opening the Forest railway it ordered 4 more engines which were delivered in February and March 1878. They were given the names "Ulrichsberg", "Gotteszell", "Ludwigsthal" and "Eisenstein". The Reichsbahn gave them the numbers 89 8107 to 110 and they were retired between 1925 and 1928. These tank engines were employed on the "Waldbahn" for many years, predominantly on goods duties. Passenger services were initially hauled by the two "Ostbahn" engines, E 1 and E 2, tender locomotives with a 0-4-0 wheel arrangement. Then, according to von Welser (see Sources), the former "Ostbahn" 2-4-0 Class B engines were deployed here for passenger duties. They were redesignated as Class B V by the state railway and given numbers 1003–1068.
On 15 May 1880 four pairs of passenger trains per day ran on the Forest Railway. Two faster pairs of trains made connexions with Prague and ran to and from Landau. They needed 2 hours 20 minutes for the Eisenstein–Plattling run, the other pairs of trains took 4 hours.
In May 1897 four trains ran daily from Eisenstein to Plattling and five in the opposite direction. The journey time was between 2 and 2 ½ hours. However there was also a train to Eisenstein, presumably hauling goods wagons, that needed 5 hours for the journey. One pair of trains had 1st to 3rd class through coaches for the Landshut–Pilsen service. Two other pairs of trains ran on the Deggendorf–Pilsting–Neumarkt–Mühldorf–Rosenheim route. There was no through service to Landshut.
In October 1913 the timetable now offered a service from Landshut via Landau to Eisenstein instead of the previous Eisenstein–Plattling–Rosenheim one. Five pairs of trains ran daily on the Plattling–Eisenstein section with 2nd and 3rd class coaches. In the direction of Eisenstein the trains needed about 2 hours 20 minutes, in the direction of Plattling only 1 hour 40 minutes to 2 hours. A further 4 train pairs ran daily between Deggendorf and Landshut. One had to change in Landau for Mühldorf/Rosenheim. No through coaches to Bohemia are listed.
In 1936 the Deutsche Reichsbahn recorded in its timetable, route number 426 Landshut–Plattling–Eisenstein, 7 train pairs daily, of which 6 ran to and from Landshut. These trains also ran with 2nd class coaches. Because the transportation of luggage and bicycles was limited on two of the pairs of trains, these may have been railbuses. An early train worked the line in 1 hour and 30 minutes, the others took about 10 to 15 minutes longer. In addition, 4 pairs of trains shuttled between Deggendorf and Plattling each day. The trains ran on to Bohemia 5 times a day, albeit always with a stop of one or more hours at Eisenstein.
Traffic after the Second World War.
After the end of the Second World War, traffic to Bohemia came to a standstill. When the iron curtain fell, the ČSSR erected a barbed wire fence across the station yard and cut the tracks. Czech trains now terminated at the village of Železná Ruda several kilometres north of the border. The Deutsche Bundesbahn (DB) ran its trains up to the buffer stop at the border fence in Bayerisch Eisenstein station and used the southern half of the divided station building. In the building the border was closed by walls.
The DB withdrew steam operations for goods traffic in the 1970s. On 6 March 1974 the last scheduled steam locomotive service took place. Number 053 063-4 (DRB Class 50) hauled train number N 2964 from Plattling to Bayerisch Eisenstein and its return service N 2977 on 7 March.
For a long time Uerdingen railbuses and Class V 100 diesel locomotives worked the line. Until the mid-1990s parts of InterCity (IC) trains ran as far as Zwiesel, as did a travel agency special until 1987: a VT-601 train.
The border crossing of Bayerisch Eisenstein was opened again on 2 June 1991. Since then, after a short wait, one can change into České drahy (ČD) trains to Klatovy (Klattau) and Plzeň (Pilsen). During shunting both railway administrations use the track system without regard to the border.
Railway traffic today.
The Deggendorf–Metten branch closed in 1984 to passenger services and 1991 to goods traffic. Deggendorf–Kalteneck withdrew its passenger services in two stages: in 1972 on the Eging–Kalteneck section and in 1981 on the Deggendorf–Eging stretch; the line was subsequently lifted in 1999 (Eging–Kalteneck) and 2004 (Hengersberg–Eging). However the other branches of the Forest Railway remain. The track from Deggendorf to Hengersberg still exists. Regular passenger services from Gotteszell to Viechtach ceased on 1 May 1991. Today only vehicles going to the Regentalbahn workshop in Viechtach run along it. In addition, mainly in the summer months, the tourist trains of the "Wanderbahn" (KBS 12905) work the line with a renovated Esslingen railbus in historic livery belonging to the Regentalbahn. This typical NE railcar worked both the Zwiesel–Bodenmais and Zwiesel–Grafenau branches from 1993 to 1997.
Since 1997 the Regentalbahn has operated the Bavarian Forest railway (KBS 905) and the branches to Grafenau (KBS 906) and Bodenmais (KBS 907) under contract from DB Regio Bayern using Regio-Shuttles under the trade name "Waldbahn".
Zwiesel is today the timetable hub with short waiting times just before the hour for those changing trains in any direction. The hub on the "Waldbahn" was transferred here from Regen several years ago. This was made possible by moving the former crossing at Ulrichsberg to a newly built crossing loop further north at Grafling. This also enabled changeover times at the timetable hub of Plattling to be shortened by 10 minutes.
Trains run to Bayerisch Eisenstein and Bodenmais from Plattling hourly; to Grafenau the railcars run every 2 hours. In the course of modernisation of the rail traffic on this route and in order to make the ÖPNV more attractive for tourists and locals, in 1999 a special fare, the Bayerwald-Ticket (Bavarian Forest Ticket) was offere. This is a day ticket that is valid on the "Waldbahn" lines as well as many bus routes in the counties of Regen, Freyung-Grafenau and Cham.
Cross-border traffic.
As the summer timetable came into force on 28 May 2006 scheduled services ran for the first time on the "Waldbahn" every two hours directly from Plattling via Bayerisch Eisenstein as far as the Czech station of Špičák (Spitzberg) and back. In the 2008 timetable two pairs of trains ran daily to Špičák. In addition, in the winter season there are three extra pairs of trains run on weekdays and five at weekends. In the summer three additional pairs of trains run each day.
Expansion.
Between 2005 and 2007 several stations were restored. All platforms were given a usable length of 100 m, so that up to four of the currently-used Regioshuttle units can stop at each platform.
In addition to small line improvements, a major change will be the construction of a new bridge over the Danube at Deggendorf. The currently operated single-tracked bridge can only continue to be used in its present state until 2011. In order to replace this, by March 2008 a new double-tracked bridge based on the foundations of the old one will be erected and the whole railway line relaid for a distance of about 2 km. The 466 m long bridge will be raised from 4.30 m to about 8 m in order to conform to the present-day clearances for shipping. The €32 million project should be ready by June 2010. The cost of the bridge will be borne 50/50 by the Rhine-Main-Donau Wasserstrassen and the DB Netz AG. In addition the nearby bridge over the 2074 state highway will be replaced. The town of Deggendorf will pay 80% of the €2.9 million cost for that, the rest will be picked up DB Netz.
The time gained, as a result of the new bridge, by up trains will be used at the crossing point of Grafling, where currently the down trains have to wait several minutes, and where a new station will be built not far from the old one at Grafling which has been closed.

</doc>
<doc id="20532376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532376" title="Caio Prado Júnior">
Caio Prado Júnior

Caio da Silva Prado Júnior (São Paulo, February 11, 1907 – São Paulo, November 23, 1990) was a Brazilian historian.
His works inaugurated a Brazilian historiographic tradition identified with Marxism, but critical of Stalinist stageism and reductionism.
Biography.
Caio Prado graduated with a degree in law from Faculdade do Largo de São Francisco, São Paulo in 1928, where he would later become a Professor of Political Economy. He was politically active during the 30's and 40's, including during the 1930 Revolution. In 1933, he published his first work - "Evolução Política do Brasil" (Political Evolution of Brazil) - an attempt to understand the country's political and social history. In 1934 he took part in the foundation of Brazilian Geographers Association.
After a trip to the Soviet Union, at the time under Stalin's dictatorship, he published "URSS - um novo mundo" (Soviet Union - a New World), which was banned by Getúlio Vargas' government's censorship. He then joined the Aliança Nacional Libertadora which he chaired in São Paulo.
In 1942 he published the classic "Formação do Brasil Contemporâneo - Colônia" (Formation of Contemporary Brazil - Colony, which should have been the first part of a work on Brazilian historic evolution. However, the following volumes were never written. In 1945 he was elected "deputado estadual" for the "Brazilian Communist Party". He published the newspaper "A Platéia" and, in 1943, with Arthur Neves and Monteiro Lobato, he founded Editora Brasiliense (Brasiliense Publishing House), for which, later, he published "Revista Brasiliense", between 1956 and 1964. After 1964, he was persecuted by the military dictatorship. 
In 1966 he was elected Intellectual of the Year by the União Brasileira de Escritores, following the publication of "A revolução brasileira" (Brazilian Revolution).

</doc>
<doc id="20532379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532379" title="Qundanlı">
Qundanlı

Qundanlı is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20532386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532386" title="Musée Mécanique (band)">
Musée Mécanique (band)

Musée Mécanique is an American band based in Portland, Oregon, fronted by singer-songwriters Micah Rabwin and Sean Ogilvie. The band's debut LP "Hold This Ghost" was released 30 September 2008 on Frog Stand Records of Brooklyn, New York and in 2010 on Souterrain Transmissions of Berlin, Germany.
History.
The band's chief songwriters, Micah Rabwin and Sean Ogilvie, have been writing and performing music together since childhood. Ogilvie is formerly of San Diego, California post-rock band Tristeza. Musée Mécanique was founded in 2006 with the addition of Matt Berger, Jeff Boyd and Brian Perez. 
"Hold This Ghost".
The record's sound has been described by music and culture magazines XLR8R as "a layered, delicate take on folk, meticulously arranged with an ear for atmosphere and texture, with surprises unfolding every moment" and by Metroland (newspaper) as "subtle, elegant, yet fully modern folk-pop". Musée Mécanique has been compared to Neutral Milk Hotel and Beirut.
This album was produced and engineered by Rabwin and Ogilvie and mixed by Tucker Martine who has worked with The Decemberists, Sufjan Stevens and Laura Veirs. 
"Hold This Ghost" received a 7.2 (on a 10 point scale) on Pitchfork Media. Writer Rebecca Raber said, "Musée Mécanique distinguish themselves from the throng Portland, Ore. folk acts by ignoring Americana influences and infusing their brand of intimate melancholia with lush arrangements and electronic underpinnings".
The song ""Like Home"" was featured on the internationally-syndicated NPR show "All Songs Considered" on 17 November 2008.
Musée Mécanique toured extensively in support of "Hold This Ghost", including multiple tours in both the United States and Europe. They have shared the stage with such acts as Iron & Wine, Beach House and M Ward.
The band recorded a second full-length record entitled "From Shores of Sleep" in 2012 and it is expected to be released in early 2014, followed by a tour in the United States and in Europe in support of it.
Tracklisting:

</doc>
<doc id="20532397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532397" title="Bonnie Zacherle">
Bonnie Zacherle

Bonnie D. Zacherle is an American illustrator and designer who now resides in Warrenton, Virginia. Zacherle is best known as the creator of the best-selling "My Little Pony" toy line and also as the creator of "Nerfuls".
Zacherle has done some outside consulting for Bliss House, an American licensing consultancy, on the graphics and product development side. In 2003, she became a member of 'Women In Toys'.
My Little Pony.
In August 1981, while working for Hasbro, Zacherle, along with sculptor Charles Muenchinger of Providence, Rhode Island and Manager Steve D'Aguanno of Smithfield, Rhode Island, submitted a design patent for "an ornamental design for a toy animal". The patent, U.S. #D269986, was granted in August 1983.
Although Zacherle's involvement with the franchise had long since concluded before the later development of the highly successful incarnation, "", in the 2010s, she has noted that she is pleased that the franchise has grown to appeal to a broader cross-demographic audience. In explanation, Zacherle has noted that she originally intended the franchise to appeal to both preschool girls and boys, although she never anticipated that it would later be written for an older child audience, much less catching the interest of the adult "" fandom that has arisen.
Nerfuls.
In the mid 1980s, Zacherle submitted a series of patents which would later become known as the Nerfuls. Nerfuls were produced by Parker Brothers in the United States, Kenner Products in the United Kingdom, and Cromy in Argentina from 1985-87. These small toys consisted of 3-pieces - hat/hair, ball-face and plastic body. All the parts were interchangeable and the ball-face itself could bounce. There were eight characters in the original series of Nerfuls. This was followed up by more Nerfuls, playsets and accessories.

</doc>
<doc id="20532429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532429" title="P-town">
P-town

P-town, P'town, Ptown, or P/town may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20532471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532471" title="Second Brother">
Second Brother

Second Brother is a novel by the American writer David Guy set in 1960s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the coming-of-age story of Henry Wilder who must measure himself in the shadow of his older brother, a star athlete and scholar.

</doc>
<doc id="20532478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532478" title="Claw (Lev Gleason Publications)">
Claw (Lev Gleason Publications)

The Claw is a fictional supervillain character who first appeared in "Silver Streak Comics" #1 (December, 1939), from Lev Gleason Publications.
Publishing history.
Created by Jack Cole (who would later create Plastic Man), The Claw first appeared as a monstrous supervillain in "Silver Streak" without any regular hero to oppose him. After issue #2, he was temporarily set aside, and reappeared in #6; in #7 (January, 1941), Lev Gleason's Daredevil went up against him for the first time. The Claw was then moved from "Silver Streak" to "Daredevil Comics", and there he stayed until issue #31 (July, 1945), when he was apparently killed off.
This wasn't quite the end of The Claw, however; he returned in "Boy Comics" #89 (May, 1953), in which he was rewritten as the leader of an invasion force from another planet and was opposed by a hero named Rocky X; their battle lasted three issues. After that, The Claw fell into the public domain.
In the mid-1980s, Roy Thomas used the Claw as the main antagonist for his limited series "Alter Ego".
In 2008, he started appearing in flashbacks in Dynamite Entertainment's "Project Superpowers", in which Daredevil (now renamed The Death-Defying 'Devil) is a regular character; it's hinted that The Claw may be behind a worldwide terrorist movement of the same name. What the connection is between the villain and the terrorists remains to be seen.
In 2011, he appeared in stories in Barry Reese's "Lazarus Gray" volume 1, set in the 1930s.
In 2012, he was featured as the main villain in Jack Leventreur's "Teen Trickster's Adult Adventures Volume 3: The Claw Reborn". Another public domain villain, MLJ's Ah Ku was also revealed to be his daughter.
Fictional biography.
Lev Gleason Publications.
The Claw first appeared in 1939 as the ruler of a Pacific island nation called Ricca, and the leader of a band of pirates; throughout eastern Asia he's called the God of Hate. Although he may appear human from a distance, his hands have long bony talons, and his large animal-like mouth contains long razor-sharp teeth. He has the ability to become large enough to tower over skyscrapers, and has other powers (which aren't clearly defined) which wax and wane with the phases of the moon. He has a vehicle that can travel underground, boring through solid rock.
He's battled against many superheroes over the years, most often Daredevil. In 1945 it appeared that The Claw was finally killed.
"Project Superpowers".
In the modern world, a terrorist movement calling itself The Claw is causing death and destruction around the world; the recently-returned 'Devil and his allies are uncertain if the monster they'd fought decades earlier is somehow behind it, and possibly still alive. Whether or not this is the case remains to be seen.
"Savage Dragon".
In Erik Larsen's Savage Dragon (which has also incorporated the Golden Age Daredevil since issue 140) it was revealed that the Claw was brought back to life by Wargod's Born Again Machine and now has plans for world domination. In issue 184 (Jan 2013) the Claw reveals himself and takes another reoccurring villain Thunderhead as a minion. Upcoming storylines appear to include The Claw as a major new villain for the Savage Dragon cast. The current storyline appears to pick up where the Claw's Golden Age appearance left off in Daredevil 31 (1945) and disregards any further appearances until his resurrection in issue 183 (Nov 2012).

</doc>
<doc id="20532486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532486" title="List of Dutch people in the United Kingdom">
List of Dutch people in the United Kingdom

This is a list of Dutch people in the United Kingdom, citizens or residents of the United Kingdom of Dutch origin.

</doc>
<doc id="20532488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532488" title="Capillary condensation">
Capillary condensation

Capillary condensation is the "process by which multilayer adsorption from the vapor into a porous medium proceeds to the point at which pore spaces become filled with condensed liquid from the vapor [phase." The unique aspect of capillary condensation is that vapor condensation occurs below the saturation vapor pressure, Psat, of the pure liquid. This result is due to an increased number of van der Waals interactions between vapor phase molecules inside the confined space of a capillary. Once condensation has occurred, a meniscus immediately forms at the liquid-vapor interface which allows for equilibrium below the saturation vapor pressure. Meniscus formation is dependent on the surface tension of the liquid and the shape of the capillary, as shown by the Young-Laplace equation. As with any liquid-vapor interface involving a menisci, the Kelvin equation provides a relation for the difference between the equilibrium vapor pressure and the saturation vapor pressure. A capillary does not necessarily have to be a tubular, closed shape, but can be any confined space with respect to its surroundings.
Capillary condensation is an important factor in both naturally occurring and synthetic porous structures. In these structures, scientists use the concept of capillary condensation to determine pore size distribution and surface area though adsorption isotherms. Synthetic applications such as sintering of materials are also highly dependent on bridging effects resulting from capillary condensation. In contrast to the advantages of capillary condensation, it can also cause many problems in materials science applications such as Atomic Force Microscopy and Microelectromechanical Systems.
Kelvin equation.
The Kelvin equation can be used to describe the phenomenon of capillary condensation due to the presence of a curved meniscus. 
Where...
This equation, shown above, governs all equilibrium systems involving meniscus and provides mathematical reasoning for the fact that condensation of a given species occurs below the saturation vapor pressure (Pv sat) inside a capillary. At the heart of the Kelvin equation is the pressure difference between the liquid and vapor phases, which comes as a contrast to traditional phase diagrams where phase equilibrium occurs at a single pressure, known as Psat, for a given temperature. This pressure drop (formula_9) is due solely to the liquid/vapor surface tension and curvature of the meniscus, as described in the Young-Laplace equation.
<br>
In the Kelvin equation, the saturation vapor pressure, surface tension, and molar volume are all inherent properties of the species at equilibrium and are considered constants with respect to the system. Temperature is also a constant in the Kelvin equation as it is a function of the saturation vapor pressure and . Therefore, the variables that govern capillary condensation most are the equilibrium vapor pressure and the mean curvature of the meniscus.
Dependence of Pv/Psat.
The relation of equilibrium vapor pressure to the saturation vapor pressure can be thought of as a relative humidity measurement for the atmosphere. As Pv/Psat increases, vapor will continue to condense inside a given capillary. If Pv/Psat decreases, liquid will begin to evaporate into the atmosphere as vapor molecules. The figure below demonstrates four different systems in which Pv/Psat is increasing from left to right. 
System A → Pv=0, no vapor is present in the system
System B → Pv=P1sat, capillary condensation occurs and liquid/vapor equilibrium is reached
System C → Pv=P2sat, P12, as vapor pressure is increased condensation continues in order to satisfy the Kelvin equation
System D → Pv=Pmaxsat, vapor pressure is increased to its maximum allowed value and the pore is filled completely
This figure is used to demonstrate the concept that by increasing the vapor pressure in a given system, more condensation will occur. In a porous medium, capillary condensation will always occur if Pv≠0.
Dependence on curvature.
The Kelvin equation indicates that as Pv/Psat increases inside a capillary, the radius of curvature will also increase, creating a flatter interface. (Note: This is not to say that larger radii of curvature result in more vapor condensation. See the discussion on contact angle below.) Figure 2 above demonstrates this dependence in a simple situation whereby the capillary radius is expanding toward the opening of the capillary and thus vapor condensation occurs smoothly over a range of vapor pressures. In a parallel situation, where the capillary radius is constant throughout its height, vapor condensation would occur much more rapidly, reaching the equilibrium radius of curvature (Kelvin radius) as quickly as possible. This dependence on pore geometry and curvature can result in hysteresis and vastly different liquid/vapor equilibria over very small ranges in pressure.
It is also worthy to mention that different pore geometries result in different types of curvature. In scientific studies of capillary condensation, the hemispherical meniscus situation (that resulting from a perfectly cylindrical pore) is most often investigated due to its simplicity. Cylindrical menisci are also useful systems because they typically result from scratches, cuts, and slit-type capillaries in surfaces. Many other types of curvature are possible and equations for the curvature of menisci are readily available at numerous sources. Those for the hemispherical and cylindrical menisci are shown below.
General Curvature Equation:
Cylinder: formula_12 formula_13
Hemisphere: formula_12 formula_16
Dependence on contact angle.
Contact angle, or wetting angle, is a very important parameter in real systems where perfect wetting (formula_18 = 0o) is hardly ever achieved. The Young Equation provides reasoning for contact angle involvement in capillary condensation. The Young Equation explains that the surface tension between the liquid and vapor phases is scaled to the cosine of the contact angle. As shown in the figure to the right, the contact angle between a condensed liquid and the inner wall of a capillary can affect the radius of curvature a great deal. For this reason, contact angle is coupled inherently to the curvature term of the Kelvin equation. As the contact angle increases, the radius of curvature will increase as well. This is to say that a system with perfect wetting will exhibit a larger amount of liquid in its pores than a system with non-perfect wetting (formula_18 > 0o). Also, in systems where formula_18 = 0o the radius of curvature is equal to the capillary radius. Due to these complications caused by contact angle, scientific studies are often designed to assume formula_18 = 0o.
Non-uniform pore effects.
Odd pore geometries.
In both naturally occurring and synthetic porous structures, the geometry of pores and capillaries is almost never perfectly cylindrical. Often, porous media contain networks of capillaries, much like a sponge. Since pore geometry affects the shape and curvature of an equilibrium meniscus, the Kelvin equation could be represented differently every time the meniscus changes along a “snake-like” capillary. This makes the analysis via the Kelvin equation complicated very quickly. Adsorption isotherm studies utilizing capillary condensation are still the main method for determining pore size and shape. With advancements in synthetic techniques and instrumentation, very well ordered porous structures are now available which circumvent the problem of odd-pore geometries in engineered systems.
Hysteresis.
Non-uniform pore geometries often lead to differences in adsorption and desorption pathways within a capillary. This deviation in the two is called a hysteresis and is characteristic of many path dependent processes. For example, if a capillary’s radius increases sharply, then capillary condensation (adsorption) will cease until an equilibrium vapor pressure is reached which satisfies the larger pore radius. However, during evaporation (desorption), liquid will remain filled to the larger pore radius until an equilibrium vapor pressure that satisfies the smaller pore radius is reached. The resulting plot of adsorbed volume versus relative humidity yields a hysteresis “loop.” This loop is seen in all hysteresis governed processes and gives direct meaning the term “path dependent.” The concept of hysteresis was explained indirectly in the curvature section of this article; however, here we are speaking in terms of a single capillary instead of a distribution of random pore sizes.
Hysteresis in capillary condensation has been shown to be minimized at higher temperatures.
Accounting for small capillary radii.
Capillary condensation in pores with r<10 nm is often difficult to describe using the Kelvin equation. This is because the Kelvin equation underestimates the size of the pore radius when working on the nanometer scale. To account for this underestimation, the idea of a statistical film thickness, t, has often been invoked. The idea centers around the fact that a very small layer of adsorbed liquid coats the capillary surface before any meniscus is formed and is thus part of the estimated pore radius. The figure to the left gives an explanation of the statistical film thickness in relation to the radius of curvature for the meniscus. This adsorbed film layer is always present; however, at large pore radii the term becomes so small compared to the radius of curvature that it can be neglected. At very small pore radii though, the film thickness becomes an important factor in accurately determining the pore radius.
Capillary adhesion.
Bridging effects.
Starting from the assumption that two wetted surfaces will stick together, e.g. the bottom of a glass cup on a wet counter top, will help to explain the idea of how capillary condensation causes two surfaces to bridge together. When looking at the Kelvin equation, where relative humidity comes into play, condensation that occurs below Psat will cause adhesion. However it is most often ignored that the adhesive force is dependent only on the particle radius (for wettable, spherical particles, at least) and therefore independent of the relative vapor pressure or humidity, within very wide limits. This is a consequence of the fact that particle surfaces are not smooth on the molecular scale, therefore condensation only occurs about the scattered points of actual contacts between the two spheres. Experimentally, however it is seen that capillary condensation plays a large role in bridging or adhering multiple surfaces or particles together. This can be important in the adhesion of dust and powders. It is important to note the difference between bridging and adhesion. While both are a consequence of capillary condensation, adhesion implies that the two particles or surfaces will not be able to separate without a large amount of force applied, or complete integration, as in sintering; bridging implies the formation of a meniscus that brings two surfaces or particles in contact with each other without direct integration or loss of individuality.
Real-world applications and problems.
Atomic force microscopy.
Capillary condensation bridges two surfaces together, with the formation of a meniscus, as is stated above. While this is sometimes a desirable effect, in the case of Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM) this is an exceedingly undesirable consequence. AFM is generally operated in one of two main modes, contact mode and non-contact mode. While studies have been done on the formation of the meniscus between the tip and the sample, no concrete conclusion can be drawn as to the optimum height away from the sample the tip can be without this side effect occurring. Scientific studies have been done on the relation between relative humidity and the height of the meniscus created by capillary condensation. One particular study, done by Weeks, illustrated that with the increase in relative humidity, there is a large increase in the size of the meniscus. This study also states that no meniscus formation is observed when the relative humidity is less than 70%, although there is uncertainty in this conclusion due to limits of resolution. The meniscus effect with AFM is rather detrimental because of the hard time that AFM already has with accurate information in the x and y planes of the sample. Meniscus formation causes the tip to have an elongated geometry which in turn distorts the already semi-inaccurate information gathered from the x and y directions.
Although undesirable for imaging purposes, the formation of the meniscus is the basis of the Dip-Pen Nanolithography technique.
Sintering.
Sintering is a common practice used widely with both metals and ceramic materials. Sintering is a direct application of capillary condensation, because of the adhesion effects of dust and powders. This application can be seen directly in sol-gel thin film synthesis. The sol-gel is a colloid solution which is placed on a substrate, usually through a dip-coating method. After being placed onto the substrate, a source of heat is applied to evaporate all undesired liquid. While the liquid is evaporating, the particles that were once in solution adhere to each other, thus forming a thin film.
MEMS.
Microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) are used in a number of different applications and have become increasingly more prevalent in nanoscale applications. However, due to their small size they run into problems with stiction, caused by capillary condensation among other forces. Intense research in the area of Microelectromechanical systems has been focused on finding ways to reduce stiction in the fabrication of Microelectromechanical systems and when they are being used. Srinivasan "et al." did a study in 1998 looking at applying different types of Self-assembled monolayers (SAMs) to the surfaces of Microelectromechanical systems in hopes of reducing stiction or getting rid of it altogether. They found that using OTS (octadecyltrichlorosilane) coatings reduced both types of stiction.
Pore size distribution.
Pores that are not of the same size will fill at different values of pressure, with the smaller ones filling first. This difference in filling rate can be a beneficial application of capillary condensation. Many materials have different pore sizes with ceramics being one of the most commonly encountered. In materials with different pore sizes, curves can be constructed similar to Figure 7. A detailed analysis of the shape of these isotherms is done using the Kelvin equation. This enables the pore size distribution to be determined. While this is a relatively simple method of analyzing the isotherms, a more in depth analysis of the isotherms is done using the BET method. Another method of determining the pore size distribution is by using a procedure known as Mercury Injection Porosimetry. This uses the volume of mercury taken up by the solid as the pressure increases to create the same isotherms mentioned above. An application where pore size is beneficial is in regards to oil recovery. When recovering oil from tiny pores, it is useful to inject gas and water into the pore. The gas will then occupy the space where the oil once was, mobilizing the oil, and then the water will displace some of the oil forcing it to leave the pore.

</doc>
<doc id="20532575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532575" title="Puny Express">
Puny Express

Puny Express is an American cartoon, and the 32nd animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on January 22, 1950, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
In the Old West, Cowboy Woody comes to town and notices an ad at a western post office advertising for a new mail delivery rider. He is hired but is warned about the bandit Buzz Buzzard who has been stealing the mail and killing the carriers. Ignoring the warning, Woody sets off. Eventually, Woody runs into Buzz and they begin battling for Woody's mail pouch and it contents. After they use every trick and move they can against each other, Woody finally is able to both outwit and outlast Buzz, and finishes their long battle by knocking him out. Then with his pouch in hand, Woody goes to finish delivering the mail.
A new era.
"Puny Express" was the first "Woody Woodpecker" short made after a two-year hiatus. Several changes took place in the interim. For starters, Woody's top knot was pushed forward (instead of slicked back), and his head became rounder, thanks to a redesign by animator LaVerne Harding. In addition, the diminutive woodpecker became shorter.
Woody was not the only one to get a new look as his main foil Buzz Buzzard has been redesigned as well. In the previous films, Buzz had brown or black feathers on his head; beginning with this film he would now sport a red/crimson head for most of his appearances in the series.
"Puny Express" also marked the beginning of a more refined trademark laugh, courtesy of Grace Stafford. Stafford eventually provided the voice for Woody regularly in 1953, while just providing his laugh for the 1951-52 releases. This new version of Woody's trademark cackle is heard at the beginning and end of "Puny Express". Mel Blanc's more infectious version of Woody's laugh (heard in all previous "Woody" entries) was utilized during the short as well. Blanc's laugh would be used sporadically moving forward, until Stafford's version became the "official" sound. However, Woody's "Guess Who?", also supplied by Blanc, would be utilized until the end of the series in 1972.
Beginning with this entry, all "Woody" "cartunes" would have very little (if any) dialogue in them. The voice artists would instead be mainly called upon to do vocal effects (shouting, yeowing, gasping, etc.) for the characters when needed. Other times, Lantz would use archive recordings for the characters' voices. In fact Woody's only line in "Puny Express's" cartoon proper is his signature line "Guess Who", which is recycled audio of Mel Blanc from 1941's "Woody Woodpecker". It would be very similar to other theaterical cartoon series from other studios like "Tom and Jerry" (MGM), "Road Runner" (Warner Bros.), and "The Pink Panther" (UA/D-F Enterprises). This would continue in the series until 1954.
"Puny Express" also marked producer Walter Lantz's return at directing a "Woody Woodpecker" "cartune" since the early 1940s. Before the 1948 layoff, director Dick Lundy had begun production on "Puny Express", which along with "Sleep Happy" was one of two "Woody Woodpecker" shorts that storymen Ben Hardaway and Heck Allen had storyboarded and scripted. As such this is Lundy's final effort as director on a "Woody" short, although he does not have on-screen credit. When the studio reopened in 1950 neither three would return, and Lantz finished production on both films as writer (he had written addition material on both) and director. Lantz would then serve as director, and become head writer, for the next nine entrys in the "Woody Woodpecker" film series. He, of course, does not receive on-screen credit on any "Woody" "cartune" as writer or director.

</doc>
<doc id="20532586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532586" title="Dejan Vukadinović">
Dejan Vukadinović

Dejan Vukadinović (, born 3 September 1982) is a Montenegrin footballer playing for Chainat in Thai Premier League.
Born in Titograd, he had played with Montenegrin clubs FK Budućnost Podgorica and FK Mogren, Serbian clubs OFK Beograd and FK Vojvodina, German Fortuna Düsseldorf and 1. FC Schweinfurt 05, Hungarian Nyíregyháza Spartacus and Diósgyőri VTK and Czech FK Viktoria Žižkov.
In 2012, he signed for join Chainat.

</doc>
<doc id="20532610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532610" title="Ocean County Vocational Technical School">
Ocean County Vocational Technical School

The Ocean County Vocational Technical School is a public school district that provides technical and vocational education to residents of Ocean County, New Jersey, United States. The district provides a number of full-time public high school programs and also serves adult students. The district operates under the supervision of the Ocean County Board of Chosen Freeholders and a Board of Education.
As of the 2008-09 school year, the district's seven schools had an enrollment of 1,118 students and 119.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 9.19:1.
History.
The district was established in 1959 with the creation of a Licensed Practical Nurse training program. Trade and technical programs for high school students was initiated in 1963. Initially, all programs were based in Toms River. Centers were opened in Brick Township, Jackson Township and the Waretown section of Ocean Township in 1972.
In 1994, the Career & Technical Institute (CTI) was opened in Hangar No. 1 at the Lakehurst Naval Air Station, offering adult programs in aviation and electronics, as well as a full-time academy program for high school students, the district's first. The Marine Academy of Technology and Environmental Science (MATES) was created in 1997. In 1998, the Culinary Arts Academy was established and the Academy of the Arts and Graphic Design Technology opened in 1999.
Academic programs.
Full-time academic programs available through the district (with 2010-11 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) include:
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="20532637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532637" title="Branislav Labant">
Branislav Labant

Branislav Labant (born 11 May 1976 in Žilina) is a retired Slovak footballer who last played for FC Nitra in the Slovak Corgoň liga.
Club career.
Labant previously played for FK Viktoria Žižkov in the Czech Gambrinus Liga. Prior to that, he had played since his early youth for the Slovak side MŠK Žilina with whom he won three consecutive Slovak Top Division championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20532644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532644" title="David Rubinger">
David Rubinger

David Rubinger (Hebrew: דוד רובינגר) (born 1924) is an Israeli photographer. His famous photo of three Israeli paratroopers after the recapture the Western Wall in the Six-Day War has become a defining image of the conflict. Shimon Peres called Rubinger "the photographer of the nation in the making".
Biography.
Rubinger was born an only child in Vienna, Austria in 1924. When he was in high school, Nazi Germany annexed Austria in the Anschluss and with the help of Youth Aliyah, he escaped to Palestine via Italy and settled in a Jordan Valley kibbutz. His father had already fled to England, but his mother died in the Holocaust. He served with the Jewish Brigade of the British Army in World War II. While on leave in Paris, a French girlfriend gave him a camera as a present, and he discovered he enjoyed photography. He took his first professional photo of Jewish youths climbing a British tank to celebrate the United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine, creating the Israeli state.
After the war, he visited his father in England and learned that he had other relatives in Germany. There, he met his cousin Anni and her mother, who had survived the Holocaust. He offered to marry her in order to secure her emigration to Palestine, but the marriage of convenience ended up lasting more than 50 years until her death.
Upon his return to Israel, Rubinger opened a photography business in Jerusalem, but broke into photojournalism when Uri Avnery offered him a position at "HaOlam HaZeh" in 1951, where he worked for two years. He then joined the staff of "Yedioth Ahronoth", followed by "The Jerusalem Post". His break came in 1954 when he was asked to shoot a story for Time–Life. He ended up working for them for more than 50 years. His first internationally published photo for them was of a nun holding a set of dentures that had belonged to a patient who had dropped them from a Catholic hospital window over the Green Line and into Jordanian territory. The nun was allowed to cross the border only after much negotiation.
Career.
As Time–Life's primary photographer for the region, Rubinger covered all of Israel's wars and was given unprecedented access to governmental leaders — he was the only photographer allowed in the Knesset cafeteria. With the sort of access and exposure that allows the subjects to disregard the photographer's presence, Rubinger was able to take memorable photos of Golda Meir feeding her granddaughter or quiet moments between Yitzhak and Leah Rabin, for example.
In 1997, Rubinger was awarded the Israel Prize, in communications — photography, becoming the first photographer to receive the award.
"Paratroopers at the Western Wall".
Rubinger's signature photograph is of paratroopers at the Western Wall, shortly after its recapture by Israeli forces in the Six-Day War. Shot from a low angle, the faces of (left to right) Zion Karasenti, Yitzak Yifat and Haim Oshri are framed against the wall. The three of them are framed with their backs toward the wall, gazing off into the distance, and Yifat (center) holds his helmet in his hand. Israeli author Yossi Klein Halevi calls it "the most beloved Jewish photographic image of our time".
Prior to taking the photograph, Rubinger had been at Arish on the Sinai Peninsula when he heard a rumor that something big was going to happen in Jerusalem. He hopped aboard a helicopter ferrying wounded soldiers to Beersheba, although he didn't know its destination at the time. His car happened to be there, and he drove the rest of the way, at one point asking a hitchhiking soldier he had picked up to drive because he was too sleepy. He arrived in the Old City and after visiting quickly with his family, made his way to the wall. The space between the wall and the buildings in front of it was very narrow, so he lay down to get a shot of the wall itself, when the paratroopers walked by and he took several shots of them.
Twenty minutes later, Shlomo Goren arrived on scene with a shofar and a Torah scroll, whereupon Goren was hoisted upon the shoulders of the soldiers. It was an emotional scene and Rubinger by far preferred that one, but his wife Anni told him one of the paratrooper photos was better.
As part of his bargain with the Israeli Army that allowed him front-line access, he turned the negatives over to the government, who distributed it to everyone for a mere I£2 each. It was then widely pirated as well. Although Rubinger was upset about his work being stolen, the photo's widespread distribution made it famous.
Rubinger continues to maintain that the photo is not very good, artistically speaking. "There are faces cut off. There’s some guy peeking over the shoulders. A good photograph, from an artistic point of view, is one where there is not one nonessential part in it," he stated in an interview. However, because there is such a strong emotional component to it, it has become an icon of Israel. Israeli Supreme Court Justice Misha'el Kheshin declared in 2001 that the photo had "become the property of the entire nation".
Personal life.
Rubinger and his wife Anni had a "tempestuous" (in his own words) marriage. He admitted in his autobiography "Israel Through My Lens" that he had numerous affairs over the years, but he also faithfully took care of her in the last years of her life when she was stricken with cancer. The couple had two children, five grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren.
After Anni's death, Rubinger at age 78 met Ziona Spivak, a Yemenite immigrant, with whom he had a relationship for two and a half years, although they never married. The relationship ended in tragedy when Ziona was murdered in her home in 2004.
Books.
In February 2012, GBN Publishing completed the creation of an enhanced e-book adaptation of Rubinger's book "Israel Through My Lens". The e-book, entitled "My Eye on Israel", features about 40 additional photos (some never before released,) as well as 16 exclusive video clips of Rubinger telling the stories behind some of his most famous photographs.

</doc>
<doc id="20532650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532650" title="Sleep Happy">
Sleep Happy

Sleep Happy is the 33rd animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on March 26, 1951, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
As an exhausted Woody trudges through the streets trying to find a room for the night, he comes across a vacancy in Wally Walrus' house. Woody instantly falls asleep in Wally's bed and begins to snore in a variety of bizarre ways that drive him crazy all night long. When morning comes, Woody awakes refreshed and goes cheerfully on his way, while Wally is left to suffer the effects of sleep deprivation.

</doc>
<doc id="20532673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532673" title="Wicket Wacky">
Wicket Wacky

Wicket Wacky is the 34th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on May 28, 1951, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
While playing a solitary game of croquet, Woody inadvertently disturbs a gopher's parlor and finds himself in a territorial dispute. 

</doc>
<doc id="20532676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532676" title="Herve Xavier Zengue">
Herve Xavier Zengue

Herve Xavier Zengue or simply Xavier (born 22 January 1984 in Yaoundé) is a Cameroonian football player who last played for FC Terek Grozny. He holds Burkinabe citizenship as he is married to a Burkinabe women.
His participation in an Africa Cup of Nations qualifying game caused controversy in 2011. The Confederation of African Football's rejection of an appeal from the Namibian Football Association was the subject of an appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) in December 2011. Namibia had initially appealed to the Confederation of African Football as Zengue was not eligible to play in international fixtures for "Les Étalons", their appeal was rejected on a technicality. Namibia later appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport to have CAF's rejection overturned. The Court ruled in favour of the African Football Governing body.
Zengue's participation in a 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification game in June 2012 was investigated by FIFA who ruled him ineligible to represent Burkina Faso subject to appeal.
International career.
Zengue made his international début for Burkina Faso against Namibia in a 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualification match on 26 March 2011.
He played in his first FIFA-organised game in June 2012 versus Congo.
Contested eligibility.
On 4 June 2011, he played again for Burkina Faso against Namibia. Burkina Faso coach Paulo Duarte said that the player is eligible as he has a Burkinabé wife which entitles him to citizenship.
Namibian football officials formally complained about Zengue's participation because it was thought he was not eligible to represent Burkina Faso, as he did not meet the conditions set out in FIFA's statutes which would have enabled him to become eligible for the Burkina Faso national team.
On 28 October, the day before the group stage draw for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations, BBC reported that the player was ineligible and the player had not been granted clearance by FIFA. However, CAF chose to dismiss Namibia's complaint as it was not counter-signed by Burkina Faso's captain as per article 37.1 of CAF's statutes. The Namibian FA appealed against CAF's decision but lost. The NFA lodged a complaint with the Court of Arbitration for Sport to have CAF's decision to reject Zengue overturned.
On 10 January 2012, CAS released a statement that said Namibia's appeal had been rejected. A press released by CAS stated that Zengue had taken residency in Burkina Faso in 1994, before receiving a Burkinabe nationality certificate in 2006 (whilst a player at Ankaragücü in Turkey) and a Burkinabe passport in March 2011 (the day before his début against Namibia). At no point did CAS decide whether or not Zengue was to be considered eligible for international football with Burkina Faso.
In December 2012, FIFA chose to punish Burkina Faso for fielding the ineligible Zengue in their World Cup qualifying game versus The Congo. Congo were awarded a 3–0 victory and 3 points.

</doc>
<doc id="20532690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532690" title="Orchard Farm High School">
Orchard Farm High School

Orchard Farm High School is a public high school in St. Charles, Missouri that is part of the Orchard Farm School District. 
The school serves the towns of West Alton and Portage Des Sioux as well as parts of the city of St. Charles and St. Charles County.
Orchard Farm High School is located approximately 7 miles north of Highway 370 along Highway 94. OFHS serves students from St. Charles, Orchard Farm, Portage Des Sioux, West Alton, Machens and Black Walnut. The district covers approximately 125 square miles. The present district was created on February 14, 1959, having combined 15 smaller schools into what was previously the St. Charles R-V School District. The district has been recognized as the Orchard Farm School District since the 2005-2006 school year. The Orchard Farm School District serves approximately 1,600 students in 4 buildings (2 elementary—Discovery Elementary and Orchard Farm Elementary, 1 middle—OFMS, and 1 high—OFHS). 
Orchard Farm High School has most recently (2010, 2011 and 2012) received national recognition by ACT, Inc. for its continued improvement of composite ACT scores, receiving the Red Quill Award and Red Quill Legacy Award and is Accredited with Distinction by the Missouri Department of Elementary and Secondary Education.

</doc>
<doc id="20532696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532696" title="Slingshot 6 7/8">
Slingshot 6 7/8

Slingshot 6 7/8 is the 35th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on July 23, 1951, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
A shooting contest (carrying a $1,000 prize) in a Western frontier town narrows itself down to two pretty sharp-eyed finalists: Indian Buzz Buzzard and his bow and arrow, and tenderfoot Woody Woodpecker. In Woody's hands, "Slingshot 6 7/8" is a weapon to be reckoned with.

</doc>
<doc id="20532698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532698" title="Football Dreams (novel)">
Football Dreams (novel)

Football Dreams is a novel by the American writer David Guy. 
Set in the 1960s, it tells the coming-of-age story of Dan Keith as he negotiates the demands of American football culture at Arnold Academy, a fictional all-boys prep school in suburban Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Largely autobiographical, the novel's depiction of life at Arnold Academy thinly veils the author's real-life experiences at his own alma mater, Shady Side Academy, in suburban Fox Chapel.

</doc>
<doc id="20532699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532699" title="Grand Master of Memory">
Grand Master of Memory

First awarded in 1995, the title Grand Master of Memory is awarded to people who are able to successfully negotiate the following three memory feats:
The standards need not be achieved at the World Memory Championships, nor do they need to be achieved at a single competition, but they must be achieved at competitions that have been officially approved and arbitrated by the World Memory Sport Council.
As of June 2012, there are 122 Grand Masters of Memory in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20532723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532723" title="Bacon and cabbage">
Bacon and cabbage

Bacon and cabbage is a dish traditionally associated with Ireland. The dish consists of unsliced back bacon boiled with cabbage and potatoes. Sometimes other vegetables such as turnips, onions and carrots are also added. Smoked bacon is sometimes used.
Historically, this dish was common fare in Irish homes as the ingredients were readily available as many families grew their own vegetables and reared their own pigs. It was considered nourishing and satisfying. The dish continues to be a very common meal in Ireland. 
The dish is served with the bacon sliced, and with some of the boiling juices added. Another common accompaniment to the dish is white sauce which generally consists of flour, butter, milk and a herb of some sort (often parsley). 
The bacon used for the meal can vary somewhat depending on individual preference. Usually Back Bacon is used for the recipe, but other cuts of bacon are sometimes preferred. However, the bacon used is almost always cured. The traditional curing process is a long process which involves storing the bacon in salt, however, in modern times, mass-produced bacon is cured using brine which is less frequently injected into the meat to speed-up the process. The bacon can also be smoked which adds a depth of flavour which many people prefer. In Ireland, one can also purchase what is known as "Home-Cured" or "Hard-Cured" Bacon which is Bacon cured over a long period and then stored for another long spell, wrapped in paper. This makes the bacon very salty, hard in texture and yellowish in colour.
Another similar meal, with a breaded pork chop on mashed potatoes and cabbage, is popular in some countries.
Descendants.
Corned beef and cabbage (USA).
In the mid-to-late 19th century, Irish immigrants to the United States began substituting corned beef for bacon when making the dish, hence creating corned beef and cabbage. Like the original, it sometimes includes additional vegetables (especially carrots and potatoes); this also gives it a certain similarity to the New England boiled dinner, which almost invariably contains a mixture of root vegetables along with boiled meat and cabbage.
Corned beef and cabbage remains a popular food in some areas of the United States, and is often the dish of choice on St. Patrick's Day.
Jiggs dinner (Newfoundland and Labrador).
On the island of Newfoundland, where the Irish and the English made up a large proportion of the founding settlers, this, and the similar English boiled beef gave rise to a boiled dinner featuring salted beef called Jiggs dinner.

</doc>
<doc id="20532734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532734" title="1998 Italian Open – Men's Singles">
1998 Italian Open – Men's Singles

Álex Corretja was the defending champion, but lost in the second round this year.
Marcelo Ríos won the title when Álbert Costa withdrew from the final.

</doc>
