<doc id="20323639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323639" title="List of FA Trophy finals">
List of FA Trophy finals

The Football Association Challenge Trophy, commonly known as the FA Trophy, is a knockout cup competition in English football, organised by and named after The Football Association (the FA). It was staged for the first time in the 1969–70 season, and was initially open to all semi-professional teams, complementing the existing FA Amateur Cup. After the abolition of official amateur status by the FA in 1974, the leading teams from the Amateur Cup entered the Trophy, while lower-level teams competed in the new FA Vase. As of 2008, the Trophy is open to all clubs in the top four levels of the National League System, equivalent to levels five to eight of the overall English football league system, although a club's home stadium must meet certain requirements before the club can enter the tournament.
The record for the most wins is jointly held by Scarborough, Telford United, and Woking, with three each. Scarborough and Telford United are both defunct and therefore not able to add any further wins. Scarborough, Woking, Grays Athletic and Kingstonian have each won the Trophy in two consecutive seasons. Manager Mark Stimson has the unique distinction of having managed the winning team in three consecutive finals. The Trophy is currently held by Wrexham, who beat Grimsby Town in the 2013 final.
History.
The first FA Trophy final was won by Macclesfield Town, who also won the championship of the Northern Premier League in the same season. Northern Premier League clubs dominated the first decade of the competition, with Telford United the only Southern League team to break the northern clubs' hold on the competition. Scarborough reached the final four times in five seasons and won the Trophy three times between 1973 and 1977. In 1979, the leading Southern and Northern Premier League teams formed the new Alliance Premier League, and teams from this league dominated the Trophy during the 1980s. In the 1980–81 season, however, Bishop's Stortford of the comparatively lowly Isthmian League First Division won through nine rounds to reach the final, where they beat Sutton United. Telford United's win in 1989 made them the second team to win the Trophy three times.
Between 1990 and 2000, a smaller number of clubs claimed the Trophy, as Wycombe Wanderers and Kingstonian each won the competition twice, and Woking became the third team to win it three times. Manager Geoff Chapple led Woking and Kingstonian to all their victories, a total of five wins in seven seasons. After Chapple's period of success, Mark Stimson became the first man to manage the Trophy-winning team in three successive seasons, when he led Grays Athletic to victory in 2005 and 2006 and repeated the feat with his new club Stevenage Borough in 2007.
Finals.
Originally, if the final finished with the scores level after extra time, the teams would play again in a replay at a later date; more recently the final has always been decided on the day, with a penalty shootout as required. The winning club receives the FA Trophy itself and, as of 2008, prize money of £50,000, in addition to that accumulated for winning earlier rounds.
Results by team.
Teams shown in "italics" are no longer in existence. Teams shown in bold compete in the Premier League or Football League as of 2013 and therefore do not enter the FA Trophy. Additionally, Bangor City switched to the Welsh football league system in 1992, making the club ineligible to compete in the competition from then onwards. 

</doc>
<doc id="20323660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323660" title="Mark Pritchard (footballer)">
Mark Pritchard (footballer)

Mark Owen Pritchard (born 23 November 1985 in Tredegar) is a Welsh footballer currently playing for Oxford City.
Career.
Pritchard began his career at Swansea City, making his professional debut on 21 October 2003 during a 2-0 defeat to Cambridge United. After a short spell on loan with Merthyr Tydfil at the end of the 2004–05 season, Swansea boss Kenny Jackett deemed him surplus to requirements at the Liberty Stadium and he was allowed to join Conference National side Aldershot Town, where he scored his first senior career goal during a 4-2 defeat to Blackpool in the FA Cup. After a relatively successful two year spell at Llanelli he was released by the club and joined local rivals, Carmarthen Town, in the summer of 2009. He left Carmarthen in 2010, spending a brief spell at Goytre United before joining Oxford City. Mark has now moved to Perth, Australia and has signed with State Premier League side Floreat Athena for 2011 season.
Pritchard scored two goals in four appearances for the Wales national under-21 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20323671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323671" title="Strayhorn, Mississippi">
Strayhorn, Mississippi

Strayhorn is an unincorporated community along Mississippi Highway 4 in rural western Tate County, Mississippi. Strayhorn is located in the Memphis Metropolitan Area. At the 2000 census, the community had a population of 1,784. Strayhorn boasts a few businesses, including Hudspeth's Grocery, the Strayhorn Snack Bar, and a recently completed Dollar General Store. Strayhorn Baptist Church is the largest church in the community.
Geography.
Strayhorn is approximately 10 miles west of the county seat of Senatobia. Its elevation is 236 feet (72 m), and it is located at (34.6123257, -90.1439819).
History.
Strayhorn became an incorporated town in 1900 and remained incorporated for nearly eight years.
Strayhorn's first mayor was Frank Bizzell, and F.E. Cotton was the first postmaster at Strayhorn's U.S. Post Office, which was closed in the 1960s when mail delivery was merged with the Senatobia Post Office. The Strayhorn community is now served by the Sarah Post Office.
Even after Strayhorn lost its short-lived incorporated status, the first half of the 20th century saw progress for the small community. In 1932, a drainage canal was dug which converted nontillable land into land fit for farming. Seven years later, the first electric lights came to Strayhorn; and 1953 saw the construction of a paved highway through the community.
Education.
Strayhorn is home to Strayhorn Elementary School and the recently added Strayhorn High School, both of which are part of the Tate County School District. The Strayhorn High School sports teams are known as the Mustangs, and the school's colors are red and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="20323695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323695" title="John Park">
John Park

John Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20323704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323704" title="Léon-Alexandre Delhomme">
Léon-Alexandre Delhomme

Léon-Alexandre Delhomme (20 July 1841, Tournon-sur-Rhône, Ardèche – 1895 or 1893, Paris) was French sculptor. He is immortalised by a statue in the cimetière du Montparnasse in Paris.
Life.
He studied at the École des Beaux-Arts, in the studio of Augustin Dumont (1801–1884) and of Joseph-Hugues Fabisch.
In 1867, he was elected to the municipal council of Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20323705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323705" title="Holoarctia cervini">
Holoarctia cervini

Holoarctia cervini is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is endemic to the Alps and is found on altitudes of 2,600 to 3,200 meters.
The wingspan is about 30 mm. The species has one generation every two to three years.
The larvae feed on "Alchemilla alpina" and "Plantago alpina".

</doc>
<doc id="20323707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323707" title="Marguerite and Armand">
Marguerite and Armand

Marguerite and Armand is a ballet danced to Franz Liszt's B minor piano sonata. It was created in 1963 by British choreographer Sir Frederick Ashton specifically for world-famous dancers Rudolf Nureyev and Dame Margot Fonteyn. The ballet takes its inspiration from the 19th-century novel "La Dame aux Camélias" by Alexandre Dumas, fils, and other adaptations of the same story such as Giuseppe Verdi's opera "La traviata".
Plot.
Marguerite Gautier, a Parisian courtesan, lies on her deathbed, gravely ill with tuberculosis. In her delirium she recalls her love affair with a young man named Armand, which the ballet portrays using many dreamlike flashback sequences.
In the first flashback, Marguerite, wearing a red dress, is surrounded by admirers and suitors. She lets them flirt with her, but feels no real emotions. Armand enters and falls for Marguerite immediately, and she returns his feelings. At the end of this sequence, Marguerite tests Armand's love by throwing a white flower to the ground as her wealthy protector leads her away. Another suitor goes to pick up the flower, but when Armand moves to take it, the other man lets him. This symbolizes Marguerite and Armand as a couple.
Marguerite, now increasingly ill, deserts her wealthy protector to live in the countryside with Armand. However, Armand's father asks her to quit her lover; she agrees, but will not tell Armand why she must leave him. A despairing Marguerite is about to leave the country house when Armand enters, and becomes distressed upon seeing her so distraught. A passionate sequence follows, portraying the characters' love, Marguerite's sacrifice and Armand's confusion.
Armand, angered by Marguerite's lack of an explanation, publicly humiliates her by tearing the necklace given to her by her wealthy protector from her neck and throwing it to the floor, and throwing money in her face.
In the final scenes, sad and alone, Marguerite waits for inevitable death. However, Armand's father has revealed the truth to him, and Armand makes it back to the apartment to hold Marguerite one last time. She dies in his arms.
Expression through the ballet.
In the beginning scenes, at the party when Marguerite and Armand first meet, the mood of the dancing is rather naive, almost playful. There are plenty of sideways glances and loving gestures, but it is like they are testing each other to see if the feelings are true.
In the scenes following Armand's father's confrontation with Marguerite, the dance is much more passionate, more mature. They know what real love feels like, and it becomes clear that they would both willingly die for the other.
The death scene portrayed in heartbreaking detail, with Marguerite having to pause repeatedly to regain her strength. When she dies, Armand does not yet realize that she has gone, and only knows when her hand falls from his. Many people, after they had watched the ballet, commented that it was "like a private moment that they didn't want to intrude on."
Nureyev and Fonteyn.
As this was a piece choreographed specifically for Nureyev and Fonteyn, it was difficult for anybody to imagine anyone else in the title roles. It was a highlight in their farewell performances in "Fonteyn & Nureyev on Broadway". After they died, it was forbidden for anyone else to dance the piece, but this has changed in more recent times. Revivals of the ballet have starred pairings such as Sylvie Guillem and Nicolas Le Riche, Zenaida Yanowsky and Federico Bonelli, and Tamara Rojo and Sergei Polunin. Sergei Polunin has also danced the ballet alongside Svetlana Zakharova.

</doc>
<doc id="20323725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323725" title="Popovski">
Popovski

Popovski is a Macedonian surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20323735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323735" title="Hyponitrite">
Hyponitrite

A hyponitrite refers to ionic compounds that contain the hyponitrite ion, N2O22−, ([ON=NO]2−) or to organic hyponitrites (RON=NOR), for example di-tert butyl hyponitrite.
Hyponitrite ion.
There are "cis" and "trans" forms of the hyponitrite ion. The "trans" form is generally found in hyponitrite salts such as sodium hyponitrite, Na2N2O2 and silver hyponitrite, Ag2N2O2. 
The trans-isomer is conventionally prepared by nitrite reduction with sodium amalgam.
Sodium hyponitrite can be prepared from sodium and nitric oxide by a method described by an earlier method modified with pyridine, from sodium amalgam and sodium nitrite, from alkyl nitrites and hydroxylamine or by electrolysis of sodium nitrite.
The "cis"-isomer of the sodium salt, NaN2O2, can be prepared by passing nitrous oxide, NO into a solution of sodium metal in liquid ammonia at −50 °C.The "cis" salt is more reactive than the "trans". The "trans" - hyponitrite ion is a salt of the related "trans"-hyponitrous acid H2N2O2 ( HON=NOH ), the "cis" acid is not known.
The hyponitrite ions can act as a bidentate ligand in either bridging or chelating mode. There is a bridging "cis"-hyponitrite group in the red dinuclear form of nitrosyl pentammine cobalt(III) chloride, [Co(NH3)5NO]Cl2.
Hyponitrite can act as a reducing agent for example reducing iodine, I2,:
Liquid N2O4 oxidises hyponitrites to give Na2N2O3, sodium peroxohyponitrite (containing [ON=NOO]2−).
Hyponitrous acid.
"Trans"-hyponitrous acid forms white crystals that are explosive when dry. It is a weak acid in aqueous solution and decomposes to N2O and water with a half life of 16 days at 25 °C at pH 1-3. As this reaction is not reversible N2O should not be considered as the anhydride of H2N2O2. Hyponitrous acid forms salts, the "acid hyponitrites" containing the anion as well as the hyponitrites that contain the [ON=NO2− anion.
Other nitrogen oxoanions.
Other nitrogen oxoanions include
Alkyl hyponitrites.
Silver hyponitrite reacts with alkyl halides, RX, to form organic hyponitrites, (RON=NOR), e.g. trans t-butyl hyponitrites. One use of these is as a source of alkoxyl radicals.

</doc>
<doc id="20323741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323741" title="Abdul Hadi Yahya">
Abdul Hadi Yahya

Abdul Hadi Yahya (born on March 6, 1985 in Klang, Selangor) is a Malaysian professional Footballer who plays as a Forward with Selangor FA, which he joined from his previous club Terengganu FA for the 2012 season. He is well known for his prolific goalscoring ability which he shown continuously in the domestic league.
He previously played for PBDKT T-Team FC during the 2010/11 Malaysian Super League season, Kuala Lumpur FA during the 2009/10 season, and PKNS FC during the 2007/2008. Prior to that, he played with Selangor FA from 2005-2007.
Club career.
Abdul Hadi started his footballing career with the famous Selangor President's Cup Team before being handed his debut with the first team in 2006. After leaving his boyhood team, he then search for more playing time with Klang Valley outfit PKNS FC and old rivals Kuala Lumpur FA. This move prove to be a successful one as he started to score goals and develop his potential. He then move to the east coast of Malaysia to play for Kuala Terengganu outfit PBDKT T-Team FC for the 2010 Malaysia Super League season.
As for the 2011 season he signed with Terengganu FA and already stamp his name among Malaysia best forward as he help his team lift the 2011 Malaysia F.A Cup and finish runners-up only behind Kelantan FA in the Malaysia Super League also topping the scoring charts with total number of 20 league goals.
He joined Perak FA for the 2013 Malaysia Super League season.
National team.
His superb form with Terengganu in the 2011 season earned him a call-up to the Malaysia squad for friendly against Hong Kong. He made his debut for Malaysia as a substitute, and scored his first international goal after only six minutes brought in, against Hong Kong on 3 June 2011.
Honours.
Team
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="20323743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323743" title="Stanislas Laugier">
Stanislas Laugier

Stanislas Laugier (28 January 1799 - 15 February 1872) was a French surgeon and doctor. He was the brother of astronomer Paul Auguste Ernest Laugier (1812-1872).
He was associated with the Hôtel-Dieu in Paris, a member of the Institut and of the Académie des Sciences, president and professor of the Académie de Médecine de Paris. He was buried in the cimetière du Père-Lachaise (57ème division).
Written works.
With Gustave-Antoine Richelot, he published a translation of William Mackenzie's "A practical treatise on the diseases of the eye" as "Traité pratique des maladies des yeux". Other noted works by Laugier include:

</doc>
<doc id="20323773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323773" title="Nungabana">
Nungabana

Nungabana, also known as George Gilbert Davis (died 2002), was the last elder of the Mullanburra people of Queensland, Australia.
George has made an outstanding contribution to the survival and enhancement of tropical rainforest Aboriginal culture and heritage. George is from the Malanbarra-Yidinjy clan group and grew up in the traditional way under the guidance of his grandfather. He went on to spend the next 49 years working in the north Queensland’s rainforests cutting timber. Since retiring in Atherton he has dedicated his time to his cultural heritage as both an artist and educator. He is widely respected in the Aboriginal community for his skill in making traditional artefacts such as shields, swords,dilly bags and boomerangs. He’s also widely respected in the wider community as a true gentleman and a valued elder of the Atherton community. George is committed to community education and visits local schools and other centres to talk about his culture.
George was the last elder who held the knowledge of the Mullanburra People, with his passing, much knowledge was lost. He died in 2002. Two web site holds much information on his skills of rainforest aboriginal artifacts making.
http://earthsci.org/aboriginal/Ngadjonji%20History/food/weapons/Making%20a%20Shield.htm 
http://earthsci.org/aboriginal/index.html
Some of these Photos were taken by historian Duncan Ray who worked for many years documenting Georges skills for the Eacham Historical Society.
George Davis (Nungabana)http://www.wettropics.gov.au/wwc/wwc_casawards01.html was a Mullunburra Yidinji Edler who was a living encyclopaedia on the Aboriginal culture of his tribal land - the World Heritage listed Wet Tropics Area of the Mulgrave Valley and up onto the Atherton Tableland in north Queensland. George wanted to pass his traditional knowledge on to younger people, and actively did so. Duncan Ray is a non-Indigenous historian and artist who has been recording the skills and techniques George uses to make traditional swords and shields. (Each tribe has different patterns). The men were good mates and were members of the Tableland Reconciliation Group. George and Duncan worked together creating several swords and shields. see http://gallery.discoverymedia.com.au/ahc/award/artist/Fr_5096.htm George's shield pattern depicts the Bora ground. The diamonds represent different tribal groups surrounding the Bora ground. 
George said "These shield patterns are like European Coats of Arms and show who you are, and where you are from".
George passed down his knowledge to Lorraine Lewis and her close family, who grew up with him and Ngadjon Jii Elder Tom Gertz Snr.

</doc>
<doc id="20323782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323782" title="Robert Bakewell (geologist)">
Robert Bakewell (geologist)

Robert Bakewell (1768–1843) was an English geologist.
Life.
He was an able observer, and deserving of mention as one of the earliest teachers of general and practical geology. From 1811 onwards, he lectured on geology all over the country, exhibiting sections of rock formation and a geological map, the first of its kind.
His "Introduction to Geology" (1813) contained much sound information, and reached a fifth edition in 1838. The second edition was translated and published in Germany, and the third and fourth editions were reprinted in America by Professor Silliman of Yale College. 
He died at Hampstead on 15 August 1843.
Works.
For Rees's Cyclopaedia he contributed articles on Geology, Mineralogy, Rock, Strata, Wool and Worsted.

</doc>
<doc id="20323802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323802" title="Stefanovski">
Stefanovski

Stefanovski (Macedonian Cyrillic:Стефановски) is a Macedonian surname meaning 'son of Stephen'. Stefanovic is the Serbian variant.
Notable Stefanovskis:

</doc>
<doc id="20323805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323805" title="Nao Minamisawa">
Nao Minamisawa

Biography.
Minamisawa starred in "Akai Ito". She appeared in Junji Sakamoto's 2010 film "Strangers in the City".

</doc>
<doc id="20323819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323819" title="Hyphoraia aulica">
Hyphoraia aulica

Hyphoraia aulica, also known as Brown Tiger Moth, is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the temperate areas of Central Europe up to the area surrounding the Amur River to the East and up to the Balkans and the Black Sea to the South.
The wingspan is 34–38 mm. The moth flies from May to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various plants, including "Achillea", "Hieracium", "Euphorbia", "Knautia" and "Taraxacum" species.

</doc>
<doc id="20323836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323836" title="1995 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1995 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1995 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1995–1996. The Buckeyes compiled a 11–2 record, including the in Orlando, Florida, where they lost 20–14 to the Tennessee Volunteers.
Game notes.
Washington.
Statistics
Illinois.
Statistics

</doc>
<doc id="20323858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323858" title="Joseph-Hugues Fabisch">
Joseph-Hugues Fabisch

Joseph-Hugues Fabisch (born Aix-en-Provence, 1812; died Lyon, 1886) was a French sculptor. He was professor at the École des Beaux-Arts de Lyon, and official sculptor to the diocese of Lyon.
Life.
In 1840, he set himself up at Saint-Étienne, where he was professor at the town's university. He left the town for Lyon in 1845 where he became a professor at the École des Beaux-Arts de Lyon, becoming its director in 1874 and teaching artists including Léon-Alexandre Delhomme. In 1852 he produced the Virgin on top of the chapel of the Basilica of Notre-Dame de Fourvière in his studio on the quays of the Saône. When his studio was flooded, the statue's unveiling was put back to 8 December, which has since then been celebrated as Lyon's fête des lumières.
From 15 to 19 September 1863, he was in Lourdes to visit Bernadette Soubirous, who described to him the visions of the Virgin Mary. He then made a statue of the Virgin, commissioned by the Lacour sisters and under the control of Abbot Blanc, who above all wanted a statue faithful to the young woman's description. It was intended for the grotto of Massabielle near Lourdes and dedicated on 4 April 1864 in front of 20,000 people. This was the artist's masterwork, copied later on all over the world, but caused a polemic on its adequacy to the young peasant girl's visions, who did not approve it.
In 1868, Fabisch created another Madonna, this one with the Child, for the crypt of the Basilica of the Immaculate Conception in Lourdes.
Works.
Undated :

</doc>
<doc id="20323864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323864" title="Keran, Jammu and Kashmir">
Keran, Jammu and Kashmir

Karen is a village located in Jammu and Kashmir, India. It is located in the Neelum Valley on the bank of the Neelum (Kishanganga) river. The village lies on the Indo-Pakistan border. The Keran block includes three villages: Keran, Mundiyan and Pathran.
The adjacent habitation on the Pakistani side is also called Keran. The Neelum river flowing through village acts as the natural border between the two habitations. While both sides have the same predominant religion, social and cultural practices differ greatly. The people are not allowed by Indian and Pakistani officials to intermingle. Karen village is surrounded by dense forests.Shalabhatu, a village in Keran sector is divided between Jammu and Kashmir and Pakistan-occupied-Kashmir. It was one of the famous infiltration routes in early 1990s.The village has three border posts — Khokhri, Kulari and Mangerta
History.
The village is said to have been established by Raja Karn in the tenth century. In 1990, the Indian army relocated the villagers due to the insurgency. In 1992, a flood swept over the cultivated land and houses. In 2013, armed militants infiltrated the village, but were killed by the Indian Army during a 15-day operation.

</doc>
<doc id="20323872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323872" title="Crvenkovski">
Crvenkovski

Crvenkovski () is a Macedonian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20323888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323888" title="List of School Rumble chapters">
List of School Rumble chapters

The chapters of "School Rumble" are written and illustrated by Jin Kobayashi. The series is being serialized in Japan in "Weekly Shōnen Magazine" and has been collected into 22 bound novels by Kodansha. It has been licensed for an English-language release in the United States and Canada by Del Rey Manga, and in the United Kingdom by Tanoshimi.
The series was adapted into two 26-episode-long anime television series and two 2-episode-long original video animations (OVAs) by the Japanese animation studio Studio Comet, and the anime series were originally aired on TV Tokyo. The first anime and OVA series are each licensed for an English release in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment, in the United States and Canada by Funimation Entertainment, and in the United Kingdom by Revelation Films; the second anime series, "School Rumble: Second Semester", has only been licensed for release in the United States by Funimation. The second OVA series has not yet been licensed in English.
In their English translation, Del Rey decided to leave names in Japanese order (family name, then given name) in order to better preserve the puns. This list presents names in Western order (given name, then family name). Individual chapters are called (musical sharps), with side stories called (musical flats).
Chapter list.
"School Rumble Z".
Serialization of "School Rumble Z" began on August 20, 2008 and ended on May 20, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20323897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323897" title="Olepa schleini">
Olepa schleini

Olepa schleini is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is endemic to the coastal regions of Israel. The species was discovered in 2005 and is named for the entomologist and sculptor Yosef Schlein.
The larvae only feed on "Ricinus communis", which is curious because this plants produces the natural insecticide ricin.
According to the author, the species is in fact a biblical moth species mentioned in the Book of Jonah, in which there is a description of a worm that, nightly, infested a "kikayon" ("Ricinus") plant, and caused it to wither. The larvae of the recently described "Olepa schleini" are the only insects which regularly infest "Ricinus communis" in Israel and adjacent countries. The aggregation of larvae on particular trees, with the unusual feeding that includes the stems, causes massive damage and withering of this plant.

</doc>
<doc id="20323907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323907" title="Jankulovski">
Jankulovski

Jankulovski () is a Macedonian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20323909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323909" title="Christmas Duets">
Christmas Duets

Christmas Duets is a 2008 album released by RCA Records, consisting of archival Elvis Presley vocal recordings mixed with completely re-recorded instrumentation and new vocals by contemporary country and gospel singers. Three tracks on the album do not have duet vocals: "The First Noel", "If I Get Home On Christmas Day", and "Winter Wonderland". However, the instrumental tracks for these songs were re-recorded by contemporary musicians, just like on all other songs. The Martina McBride and Carrie Underwood duets have both charted on the "Billboard" country charts, with the latter reaching the Top 40.
List of Songs.
In 2009, the album was reissued with an additional track: "On A Snowy Christmas Night", performed in a duet with Renée Martel.
Chart positions.
Albums
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="20323934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323934" title="Church of Saint-Bruno des Chartreux">
Church of Saint-Bruno des Chartreux

The Church of Saint-Bruno des Chartreux (, or the "Church of Saint Bruno of the Carthusians") is a church in Lyon, until the French Revolution the church of Lyon Charterhouse ("chartreuse de Lyon"). It is dedicated to Saint Bruno of Cologne, also known as Saint Bruno of the Carthusians, and is the city's only Baroque church.
History.
Lyon and the Carthusians.
At the end of the 16th century, the royalty and clergy of France, inspired by the Counter-Reformation, set out on the revival of Roman Catholicism by creating new monasteries and enlarging existing ones. In consequence, the hill of La Croix-Rousse regained the religious use it had in antiquity: from 1584 and over the following century, thirteen religious communities were established on it, giving it the nickname of the "hill that prays" ("la colline qui prie"), which was later transferred to the other major hill in Lyon, la Fourvière.
The first monastic communities here were established by Carthusian monks from Grenoble, thanks to their good relations with the church in Lyon. They initially came to help the clergy of Lyon when pillaged by Forez Guy in the 12th century and later obtained privileges such as an exemption from tolls on their journeys to Lyon. On a visit by King Henri III in August 1584, however, two Carthusian monks were presented to request him to grant his consent to the foundation of a Carthusian monastery in Lyon. They were successful, and the king also pledged 30,000 livres for its construction (though he never paid them) and chose its name: "Chartreuse du Lys St Esprit". In 1589, Henri III died and was succeeded by Henri IV, who declared himself the founder of the Carthusian monastery and confirmed its exemptions and privileges, which were reconfirmed by Louis XIII and Louis XIV.
The Carthusians began by acquiring the Giroflée estate on the banks of the Saône, then extended their lands by purchasing those of their neighbours little by little, until they had a total property of 24 hectares. Contrary to what might be supposed, their extension of their property bore no relation to an expansion in their numbers (they remained at only 28 monks). Instead they related the expansion of their estate to their monastic rule: they were eliminating all their neighbours so as better to live their life of solitary contemplation.
Construction of the church.
It took six years after the king's gift for the first stone of the church to be laid. Its construction was carried out in two phases: the first (1590-1690) included the choir, the small cloister, the sacristy and a few of the monks' cells; the second (in the 18th century) involved the completion of the nave, the transept and the side chapels. Finally, renovations and extensions occurred during the 19th century, mainly affecting the chapels and façade.
Description.
Choir.
The choir now has only 5 windows, after several were blocked up during the second phase of works by the architect Ferdinand-Sigismond Delamonce in 1733-37. The Rococo stalls found here show reversed volutes and garlands of foliage as well as asymmetrical shells and garlands of flowers.
Typical of the 17th century Baroque style, the 1628 statues now located on the pilasters of the Munet arch were originally in the choir. They are by Sarazin and represent Saint Bruno of Cologne and Saint John the Baptist. The drapery of these figures is dynamically carved, and their thin faces and tense eyes add to their pathetic expressions.
Today the church organ is also located in the choir, but the church has only had one since 1890, when it became a parish church. It is now known as the best of the double keyboards in Lyon. Before 1890 the austerity of the Carthusian Rule made for an austere liturgy unadorned by organ music.
The offices were celebrated in the choir until 1737, when it was separated from the rest of the church for building works by a partition. In the initial plan by the architect Delamonce for his second phase of works, the choir remained separated from the rest of the church but the abbot refused to authorise this plan, and so a second was drawn up and accepted that kept the choir as part of the church.
Pulpit.
Built to hold the book of liturgical chants, the pulpit is in the shape of a spread-eagle (symbol of the Word of God) supported by a column carved with the Eucharistic symbols of grapes and vines, and rooted in a base with the figure of a dove (symbol of the Holy Spirit). It thus unites the three persons of the Holy Trinity.
Transept and crossing.
Munet arch.
The transition between the choir and the crossing is formed by the Munet arch, built by the architect Melchior Munet in the 18th century. It is supported by powerful deflecting pillars in the Baroque style. Here there are also two nested pilasters of the Doric Order, whose niches are now occupied by the Sarazin statues. 
Altar.
Designed in the 18th century by Servandoni then modified very soon afterwards by Soufflot (known for his work at the Hôtel-Dieu de Lyon and the Panthéon de Paris), the altar is notable for being two-sided, meaning that the office could equally well be celebrated from the monks' side or from the peoples' side. 
The tabernacle (i.e., the small cabinet holding the consecrated wafers) was originally decorated with semi-precious stones, but these disappeared during the Revolution.
Baldachino.
The 18th century baldachino is also by Servandoni. One of the most beautiful examples in France, it aims to magnify the presence of Christ in the Eucharist and in effect to form a hyper-tabernacle around the Host. Its columns are of marble, whilst the capitals are wooden but stuccoed with powdered marble, limestone and powdered chalk to imitate marble. On top of the baldachino are a globe and a cross, both in copper gilded with gold leaf, and drapery made of cloth dipped in liquid plaster and painted gold before drying. The original decoration is unclear: it was long thought that it had been covered in fleurs de lys, which were turned into trefoils, or clover leaves, during the 19th-century renovations. However, more recent renovations found that even before the 19th century the stemless trefoils were there.
Dome.
The crossing dome is made up of 8 oval windows 5m high, separated by vaulting and crowned with polygonal decoration. It also has 4 pendentives whose decoration is inspired by the theme of the Four Evangelists.
Nave.
The decoration of this area contrasts slightly with the rest of the church, being more sober and thus more in keeping with the Carthusian spirit. It was finished in the 18th century.
Its ceiling is decorated with arched vaults and the transition between the walls and ceiling is via a dentellated cornice around the whole church (it was extended round the choir in the 18th century). Under this cornice is a frieze whose metopes alternate between a rose and a dove (the latter symbolising the Holy Spirit and thus the Carthusians). On either side of the nave are 4 arcades opening onto side chapels, separated from each other by Doric columns.
Side chapels.
Renovations in the 19th century modified (among other things) the interiors of the eight side chapels. Their altars were effectively reorientated to face the exterior walls rather than the east end, and the windows lighting each chapel were blocked (though traces of them can still be seen on the outside of the nave walls).
West front.
Before 1870, the west front was very sober, and consisted of a flat wall pierced only by a window and a door. When the monastic church became a parish church, Louis-Jean Sainte-Marie Perrin was commissioned to make a new plan for the façade, which he designed to consist of three receding levels, centred symmetrically. 
The first of these is the church's entrance porch, bordered by Ionic columns and Doric pilasters. Below the entrance door is a Latin inscription from the Gospel of St Matthew, referring to the subscription among the "canuts" to finance the works on the façade: "Come to me, all you who are heavy laden, and I will give you rest". The second level is a curvilinear balcony with a small terrace, above which is the window (the only surviving element of the original west front) surrounded by four fluted columns and a triangular pediment with the symbol of the Holy Spirit. The third level contains a niche with a statue of Saint Bruno between the initials S. B.
Dome.
On the dome are 8 bays, each with one of the 8 interior windows below it. The dome's exterior is made of stone and serves to hide the internal structure of the dome far below it. On top of it is a lantern surmounted by a cross on a globe in lead, symbol of the Carthusians. In all the dome measures 10m high and 39m in diameter.

</doc>
<doc id="20323954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323954" title="Mihajlovski">
Mihajlovski

Mihajlovski () is the Macedonianization of the Serbian surname Mihajlovic, meaning 'son of Mihajlo' (English: Michael). 
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20323956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323956" title="Frank Neubarth">
Frank Neubarth

Frank Neubarth (born 29 July 1962 in Hamburg) is a German football manager and former player who spent his whole career with SV Werder Bremen and has since managed FC Schalke 04, Holstein Kiel and FC Carl Zeiss Jena.
Neubarth, a striker, played for SV Werder Bremen from 1982 until 1996 and scored 97 goals in 317 Bundesliga matches. He also scored four goals in the DFB-Pokal and 13 goals in European competitions. He scored at least once every season, except the 1986–87 campaign when he was injured mostly and played just five matches. The most goals he ever scored in a single season was 20 during the 1985–86 season in which Bremen finished in 3rd place. Throughout the course of his career, he won the DFB-Pokal in 1991 and in 1994, and the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1992. In 1988 and 1993, he helped Bremen win the league title. He earned his only cap for the West German national team on 2 April 1988.
After his retirement from playing, Neubarth went into coaching and worked with Werder Bremen's youth team from 1996 until 9 January 2002. On 1 July 2002, he succeeded Huub Stevens as manager of FC Schalke 04 where he was in charge for one season. Then, in July 2004, he was appointed as manager of Holstein Kiel. He remained at Holstein until 2 October 2006. On 11 April 2007, he was unveiled as Heiko Weber's predecessor at FC Carl Zeiss Jena. He took over with just six games of the 2006–07 season remaining and helped the club maintain an unbeaten record until the end of the campaign and avoid relegation to the Second Division. However, after a poor start to the 2007–08 season, he was sacked after just five games, on 17 September.

</doc>
<doc id="20323973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323973" title="Members of the Australian Senate, 1974–1975">
Members of the Australian Senate, 1974–1975

This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1974 to 1975. The 18 May 1974 election was a double dissolution of both Houses, with all 127 seats in the House of Representatives, and all 60 seats in the Senate were up for election. The incumbent Australian Labor Party led by Prime Minister of Australia Gough Whitlam defeated the opposition Liberal Party of Australia led by Billy Snedden and Coalition partner the Country Party led by Doug Anthony.
In accordance with section 13 of the Constitution terms for Senators was taken to commence on 1 July 1973. Half the Senators representing the States were allocated terms finishing on 30 June 1976 and the other half on 30 June 1979. However, in fact, the Senate was dissolved on 11 November 1975 for another double dissolution election on 13 December 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20324012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324012" title="Gurney equations">
Gurney equations

The Gurney equations are a set of mathematical formulas used in Explosives engineering to relate how fast an explosive will accelerate a surrounding layer of metal or other material when the explosive detonates. This determines how fast fragments are released by military explosives, how quickly shaped charge explosives accelerate their liners inwards, and in other calculations such as explosive welding where explosives force two metal sheets together and bond them.
The equations were first developed in the 1940s by R.W. Gurney
and have been expanded on and added to significantly since that time.
Underlying physics.
When an explosive surrounded by a metallic or other solid shell detonates, the outer shell is accelerated both by the initial detonation shockwave and by the expansion of the detonation gas products contained by the outer shell. Gurney modeled how energy was distributed between the metal shell and the detonation gases, and developed formulas that accurately describe the acceleration results.
Gurney made a simplifying assumption that there would be a linear velocity gradient in the explosive detonation product gases. This has worked well for most configurations, but see the section Anomalous predictions below.
Definitions and units.
The Gurney equations use and connect the following quantities:
For implosion systems, with a hollow explosive charge accelerating an inner mass towards their center, the calculations additionally take into account:
Values of formula_1 and detonation velocity for various explosives.
As a simple approximate equation, the physical value of formula_1 is usually very close to 1/3 of the detonation velocity of the explosive material for standard explosives. For a typical set of military explosives, the value of formula_4 ranges from between 2.79 and 3.15.
Note that formula_5 is dimensionally equal to kilometers per second, a more familiar unit for many applications.
Fragmenting versus nonfragmenting outer shells.
The Gurney equations give a result which assumes that the flyer plate remains intact throughout the acceleration process. For some configurations, this is true - explosives welding, for example, uses thin sheets of explosives to evenly accelerate flat plates of metal and collide them, and the plates remain solid throughout. However, for many configurations where materials are being accelerated outwards the expanding shell will fracture due to stretching as it expands. When it fractures, it will usually break into many small fragments due to the combined effects of ongoing expansion of the shell and stress relief waves moving into the material from fracture points.
For brittle metal shells, the fragment velocities are typically about 80% of the value predicted by the Gurney formulas.
Effective charge volume for small diameter charges.
The basic Gurney equations for flat sheets assume that the sheet of material is large diameter.
Small explosive charges, where the explosives diameter is not significantly larger than its thickness, have reduced effectiveness as gas and energy are lost to the sides.
This loss is empirically modeled as reducing the effective explosive charge mass C to an effective value Ceff which is the volume of explosives contained within a 60 degree cone with its base on the explosives/flyer boundary.
Putting a cylindrical tamper around the explosive charge reduces that side loss effectively, as analyzed by Benham.
Anomalous predictions.
In 1996, Hirsch described a performance region, for relatively small ratios of formula_6 in which the Gurney equations misrepresent the actual physical behavior. 
The range of values for which the basic Gurney equations generated anomalous values is described by (for flat asymmetrical and open-faced sandwich configurations):
formula_7
For an open-faced sandwich configuration (see below), this corresponds to values of 
formula_6
of 0.5 or less. For a sandwich with tamper mass equal to explosive charge mass (
formula_9
) a flyer plate mass of 0.1 or less of the charge mass will be anomalous.
This error is due to the configuration exceeding one of the underlying simplifying assumptions used in the Gurney equations - that there is a linear velocity gradient in the explosive product gases. For values of formula_6 outside the anomalous region this is a very good assumption. Hirsch demonstrated that as the total energy partition between the flyer plate and gases exceeds unity, the assumption breaks down, and the Gurney equations become less accurate as a result.
Complicating factors in the anomalous region include detailed gas behavior of the explosive products, including the reaction products' Heat capacity ratio or γ.
Modern explosives engineering utilizes computational analysis methods which avoid this problem.
The equations.
Cylindrical charge equation.
For the simplest case, a long hollow cylinder of metal is filled completely with explosives. The cylinder's walls are accelerated outwards as described by:
formula_11
This configuration is a first-order approximation for most military explosive devices - Artillery shells, Bombs, and most missile Warheads. These use mostly cylindrical explosive charges.
Spherical charge equation.
A spherical charge, initiated at its center, will accelerate a surrounding flyer shell as described by:
formula_12
This model approximates the behavior of military Grenades, and some Cluster bomb submunitions.
Symmetrical sandwich equation.
A flat layer of explosive with two identical heavy flat flyer plates on each side will accelerate the plates as described by:
formula_13
Symmetrical sandwiches are used in some Reactive armor applications, on heavily armored vehicles such as Main battle tanks. The inwards-firing flyer will impact the vehicle main armor, causing damage if the armor is not thick enough, so these can only be used on heavier armored vehicles. Lighter vehicles use open-face sandwich reactive armor (see below). However, the dual moving plate method of operation of a symmetrical sandwich offers the best armor protection.
Asymmetrical sandwich equation.
A flat layer of explosive with two different mass flat flyer plates will accelerate the plates as described by:
Let:
formula_14
formula_15
Infinitely tamped sandwich equation.
When a flat layer of explosive is placed on a practically infinitely thick supporting surface, and topped with a flyer plate of material, the flyer plate will be accelerated as described by:
formula_16
Open-faced sandwich equation.
A single flat sheet of explosives with a flyer plate on one side, known as an "Open-faced sandwich", is described by:
Since:
formula_17
Then:
formula_18
Which gives:
formula_19
Open-faced sandwich configurations are used in Explosion welding and some other metalforming operations.
It is also a configuration commonly used in Reactive armour on lightly armored vehicles, with the open face down towards the vehicle's main armor plate. This minimizes the reactive armor units damage to the vehicle structure during firing.
Imploding cylinder equation.
A hollow cylinder of explosives, initiated evenly around its surface, with an outer tamper and inner hollow shell which is then accelerated inwards ("imploded") rather than outwards is described by the following equations.
Unlike other forms of the Gurney equation, implosion forms (cylindrical and spherical) must take into account the shape of the control volume of the detonating shell of explosives and the distribution of momentum and energy within the detonation product gases. For cylindrical implosions, the geometry involved is simplified to include the inner and outer radius of the explosive charge (Ri and Ro).
formula_20
formula_21
formula_22
formula_23
formula_24
While the imploding cylinder equations are fundamentally similar to the general equation for asymmetrical sandwiches, the geometry involved (volume and area within the explosive's hollow shell, and expanding shell of detonation product gases pushing inwards and out) is more complicated, as the equations demonstrate.
The constant formula_25 was experimentally and analytically determined to be 1.0.
Imploding spherical equation.
A special case is a hollow sphere of explosives, initiated evenly around its surface, with an outer tamper and inner hollow shell which is then accelerated inwards ("imploded") rather than outwards, is described by:
formula_20
formula_21
formula_28
formula_23
formula_30
The spherical Gurney equation has applications in early nuclear weapons design.

</doc>
<doc id="20324041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324041" title="Stopford">
Stopford

Stopford is a surname, and may refer to:
Stopford may also refer to the Stopford Building of the University of Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="20324051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324051" title="Bazar de l'Hôtel de Ville">
Bazar de l'Hôtel de Ville

The Bazar de l'Hôtel de Ville or BHV is a department store on rue de Rivoli in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, facing the Hôtel de Ville. It is part of the Groupe Galeries Lafayette and served by the Metro station "Hôtel de Ville". It has also opened several other shops in France and in Beirut, Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="20324068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324068" title="Medical treatment during the Second Boer War">
Medical treatment during the Second Boer War

The Second Boer War was fought from 11 October 1899 until 31 May 1902, between the British Empire and the two independent Boer republics of the Orange Free State and the South African Republic (Transvaal Republic). It was a lengthy war involving large numbers of troops which ended with the conversion of the Boer republics into British colonies, with a promise of limited self-government. These colonies later formed part of the Union of South Africa.
During the Boer war, 22,000 troops were treated for wounds inflicted during battle. The surgical facilities provided by the British army were vastly more effective than in previous campaigns. The Medical Department of the army mobilised 151 staff and regimental units. Twenty eight field ambulances, five stationary hospitals and 16 general hospitals were established to deal with casualties. Numerous voluntary organizations set up additional hospitals, medical units and first aid posts. Around one thousand Indians from Natal were shipped to South Africa to help in the recovery effort by transporting the wounded off the battlefields. Even Mahatma Gandhi, who was practising as a lawyer at the time in Durban, was a volunteer, helping recovery efforts in the Battles of Colenso and Spionkop. A second unit was established by Johannesburg and Cape Town Jews and aided both armies.
Implications in recovery.
During the early weeks of the war, the Boers were reported to be using poisoned bullets which worsened the infection of British soldier wounds. Although the rifles used in the war were not intended to inflict massive damage, the Boers used German Mauser rifles which were known for creating clean wounds. However the bullets they used, known commonly as "Dum-dums" - also used by the British - were made from a soft lead which would expand upon impact or were modified by cutting through the outer case of a normal bullet to affect the way the opposing army was wounded. Boer bullets retrieved from wounded soldiers in the battlefields were often found to contain a green fat coating, which had been used to lubricate the chamber and rifle barrel.
However, many wounded in battle that survived, described the wounds inflicted by the Boers as painless initially but would increase in pain gradually. Many described the experience as being "tapped with a hammer" or "being less painful than the drawing of a tooth". However, many suffered considerably. One British Sergeant shot during the Siege of Ladysmith described the wounding as follows:
Surgical developments and treatment.
Of the 22,000 that were treated for wounds during the Second Boer War, the majority survived, largely due to the efficiency of the medical teams which cared for the affected. The Royal Army Medical Corps, which had formed after the redunduncies of the Crimean War, played a key role in the treatment of the wounded in the Boer War. The salaries of medical corps soldiers had gradually increased and training improved, improving the system and quality of the medical services. Surgery had made considerable advancement in the late nineteenth century, and the army surgery facilities were considered state of the art at the time. In 1899 the RAMC had recruited a number of specialist surgeons in its ranks to treat the wounded, including many of notable prestige, including Sir Frederick Treves, 1st Baronet, Sir William Cheyne, 1st Baronet, Sir William MacCormac, 1st Baronet, William Stokes, Kendal Franks and G.L. Cheatle. George Henry Makins, a prominent surgeon during the Boer War published a textbook of military surgery in 1901.
Casualties during the Boer War were generally recovered in stages. Battalion doctors located on the battlefields would take the wounded by stretcher to a dressing station for initial treatment. This included the widespread use of field dressings consisting of a sterile gauze pad stitched to the bandage and covered with waterproofing. Each pack contained two dressings and numerous safety pins. Later they would be taken to ambulances or stationary hospitals where the complex recovery by the surgeons could be carried out. However, given the number of casualties in relation to staff, it was often days before a wounded soldier could see a doctor for full treatment, increasing the extent of the infection of the wounds. As a result primary surgical care was often conducted in ambulances. Many wounds were open fractures and often involved damage to bones. In such cases, the wounds were treated by debridement and the wound packed. The limb would then be immobilised with a splint made of canvas with strips of bamboo sewn in to support it.Plaster of Paris was also used during the Boer War after the bone had been set. The treatment of wounds was greatly enhanced by the invention of X-rays and some 9 machines were taken to South Africa during the campaign. 
There was also some success with the treatment of head injuries. However, the medical operations in the Boer War were considerably less successful in treating wounds inflicted in the chest. Conducting abdominal surgery at the side of the battefields was often ineffective given the seriousness of the location of the bullet wound and the limited facilities in the temporary tents for treating such advanced complications. Deaths from chest wounds were of a far greater number than other wounds. 
Some atrocities towards wounded Boer soldiers which fell into British hands have been reported. Extracts from British soldiers and generals private letters and documents have revealed some evidence of inhumane activity by the British in encountering the wounded enemy.

</doc>
<doc id="20324077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324077" title="Roncesvalles (disambiguation)">
Roncesvalles (disambiguation)

Roncesvalles can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20324086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324086" title="Mémoires de deux jeunes mariées">
Mémoires de deux jeunes mariées

Mémoires de deux jeunes mariées (Letters of Two Brides) is an epistolary novel by the French writer Honoré de Balzac. It was serialized in the French newspaper "La Presse" in 1841 and published by Furne in 1842 as the first work in the second volume ("Scènes de la vie privée, tome II" or "Scenes from Private Life, Volume 2") of Balzac's "La Comédie humaine". It was dedicated to the French novelist George Sand. The first English translation of the novel appeared in 1902, with a preface by Henry James.
History of the text.
"Letters of Two Brides" grew out of two earlier works which Balzac never completed: "Mémoires d'une jeune femme" ("Memoirs of A Young Woman"), which was written in 1834, and "Sœur Marie des Anges" ("Sister Marie des Anges"), which was probably written around 1835. In 1840, Balzac informed his future wife Ewelina Hańska of his intention to write an epistolary novel: "I am writing an epistolary novel, though I do not know what title to give it, as "Soeur Marie des Anges" is too long, and that would only apply to the first part." In June 1841, Balzac wrote again to Mme Hanska: "I have just finished "Mémoires de deux jeunes mariées"". The manuscript to which this letter refers is no longer extant.
On 10 November 1841, Balzac's editor Hippolyte Souverain authorized the serialization of the novel in the French journal "La Presse". The editor of the journal, however, bowdlerized Balzac's text. Between 26 November and 6 December 1841 letters I through XXV, which comprised part one of the novel, were serialized. Part two (letters XXVI through XLVII) and part three (letters XLVIII through LIX) were serialized between then and 1 January 1842. The serialization had neither a foreword nor a dedication.
The first Furne edition, which faithfully reproduced Balzac's original text, appeared in two volumes in January 1842. This edition included a foreword (dated "Les Jardies, May 1840") and a dedication to George Sand. The original division of the novel into three parts was retained.
The second edition appeared on 3 September 1842 as part of Furne's publication of "La Comédie humaine". "Letters of Two Brides" was the first book in the second volume of the series, "Scènes de la vie privée"("Scenes from Private Life"), followed by "A Daughter of Eve". For this edition Balzac removed the foreword and divided the novel into two parts. He also altered the date of the foreword to "Paris, 1841".
There exists a final revision of the text in Balzac's own hand in the Lovenjoul Collection. In this revision Canalis replaces M. de Saint-Héreen, and the dates of letters XLVIII, XLIX and LI have been altered.
The fragmentary "Sœur Marie des Anges" was to form part of the series of works known as "Scènes de la vie parisienne" ("Scenes from Parisian Life"). However, this fragment has little in common with "Letters of Two Brides"; it is not in epistolary form and its plot is quite different. Its relation to the later novel has still not been satisfactorily explained. A character called Mère Marie des Anges, the superior of the Ursuline convent at Arcis-sur-Aube, appears in another of Balzac's novels, "The Member for Arcis", as do a number of characters from "Letters of Two Brides".
Plot.
The story concerns two young French women, Louise de Chaulieu (1805–1835) and Renée de Maucombe (born 1807), who become close friends during their novitiate at the Carmelite convent of Blois. When they leave the convent, however, their lives follow two very different paths. Louise chooses a life of romance, whereas Renée takes a much more pragmatic approach; but their friendship is preserved through their correspondence, which continues for a dozen years from 1823 through 1835.
Louise is expected to sacrifice herself for her two brothers and take the veil, but the young girl refuses to submit to such a fate. Her dying grandmother intercedes on her behalf and bequeaths her her fortune, thereby rescuing her from the enclosed life of a Carmelite nun and leaving her financially independent. Free to assist her brothers financially without having to sacrifice her own ambitions, Louise settles in Paris and throws herself into a life of Italian operas, masqued balls and romantic intrigues. She falls in love with an unbecoming but noble Spaniard, Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer. Banished from Spain, he lives incognito in Paris where he is forced to support himself by teaching Spanish. When he regains his fortune and noble standing, he woos Louise with a romantic fervour that finally wins her over. The pair are married in March 1825. They live a life of carefree happiness, but Louise's jealousy embitters him and leads to his physical break-down. He dies in 1829, leaving a grieving widow of twenty-four.
Renée de Maucombe's attitude to love and life are in marked contrast to those of Louise. When she leaves the convent at Blois Renée moves to Provence, where she marries an older man of little wealth or standing whom she can hardly be said to love. She bears Louis de L'Estorade three children, and over the course of the next decade she devotes herself body and soul to the happiness of her family. Gradually she grows to love her husband in her own way, and with her encouragement he makes a career for himself in local politics, which culminates in his becoming a peer of France and a grand officer of the Legion of Honour. During this time Renée is quite scathing in her criticisms of Louise, whom she sees as a selfish and self-indulgent coquette. True happiness for a woman lies in motherhood and devotion to her family.
Meanwhile, four years after the death of Felipe, Louise falls in love again. This time the object of her love is a poor poet and playwright Marie Gaston, who is several years younger than she is. As though taking a leaf out of Renée's book, Louise sells her Parisian property, moves to a chalet in Ville d'Avray (a small village near Paris) and lives a life of seclusion with her new husband. But Renée is not fooled by this masquerade. Louise, she warns, is still living a life devoted to selfishness and self-indulgence, while true happiness lies only in self-sacrifice to one's husband and children - Louise remains childless.
After a few years of apparent bliss, Louise detects a change in her husband. He becomes solicitous about the financial success of his plays, and a large sum of money goes missing. Suspecting him of having an expensive mistress, Louise makes enquiries and comes to the shocking conclusion that he has another family in Paris – an Englishwoman known by the name Madame Gaston, and two children, who look remarkably like Marie. Louise confides her feelings of despair to Renée and announces her determination to commit suicide rather than to submit to such a fate. Renée's husband makes enquiries and discovers the truth of the situation. Madame Gaston is the widow of Marie's brother. The death of her husband has left her financially destitute and Marie has taken it upon himself to assist her and his two nephews, but he is ashamed to ask his wife for money. Reneé writes to Louise to inform her of the truth and rushes to the chalet, but she is too late. Louise has contracted consumption by lying out in the dew overnight and she dies a few days later.

</doc>
<doc id="20324088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324088" title="Uncial 0226">
Uncial 0226

Uncial 0226 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. The manuscript paleographically had been assigned to the 5th-century. It contains a small parts of the First Epistle to the Thessalonians (4:16-5:5), on 1 parchment leaf (17 cm by 12 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th-century.
The text of the codex was published in 1946 by Peter Sanz.
Guglielmo Cavallo published a facsimile of the codex.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1953.
The codex currently is housed at the Austrian National Library, in Vienna, with the shelf number Pap. G. 31489.

</doc>
<doc id="20324165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324165" title="Democritus meditating on the seat of the soul">
Democritus meditating on the seat of the soul

Democritus meditating on the seat of the soul ("Démocrite méditant sur le siège de l'âme") is a statue by Léon-Alexandre Delhomme (1841–1895), exhibited at the Paris Salon of 1868. It shows the Greek philosopher Democritus, his eyes fixed on a skull he holds in his hands. It is now exhibited in the garden of the musée des Beaux-Arts de Lyon.
On its base is inscribed an extract from the 29th fable of La Fontaine: 

</doc>
<doc id="20324175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324175" title="Kisandol">
Kisandol

Kisandol is a small village (aspiring to be a city soon) located at a distance of about 9 km form Kathmandu, the capital city of Nepal. The village spreads over a small hill having around 200 houses. The village comes under the Jitpur Phedi Village Development Committee (VDC). The main occupation of people of this village is farming. The village is moving forward along with the Kathmandu city towards the advancement and development though both of them are struggling hard for it.
Until before 1990, the village was under the black shadow of poverty and lack of education. The village had a small primary school named "Jitpur Prathamik Vidyalaya" at the center of the village. The school with a ramshackle old building sans furniture served the purpose of educating the whole village. The school kids had to use hay mats. The school sans proper protection from rain and gale used to close during extreme weathers. The percentage of educated people was very less and girl education was out of question. The village was sans healthy drinking water, toilet, electricity and roads.
But now the village has metamorphosed. There is a pair of two big buildings at the heart of the village labeled "Jitpur higher secondary school". There is a serpentine road stretch covering the whole area of the village. A playground is visible from distance. Every evening, young lads are seen playing football and volleyball on the ground. A club is also there where there is a small library where few people are digging deep into the books and few are pondering on chessboard. Few vehicles are seen parked at the side of the playground. The villagers do not have to rummage in the dark nights anymore as electricity has been availed for them. Few houses at the side of the road are seen to have motorbikes. Patches of few "pucka" cemented houses seem to protrude out of the clay houses. The school is having more girl students than boys. During weekdays morning, few people are seen in formals waiting at the bus stand to go to office. Not only Electricity poles but TV antennas and wireless telephone antennas are also seen rampant in the village. During the festival seasons, the evenings are fraught with cultural programs at the school playground. The well-lit ambit and well-equipped stages are not difficult things to achieve anymore. The village has recently got High school in its own effort and contribution from the villagers. A private English boarding school has also been established to serve the purpose of the "nouveau-riche". During festivals the village organizes different sports tournaments inviting the nearby villages and schools.
People have started adopting new professions as well. Few families has starting poultry farm as their new side profession which they can handle along with the farming without any extra manpower. Many shops has opened at the side of the road. People have started sending their children out of village for higher education. Though few in number, there are people with Masters' degree and Engineers. People from nearby villages are jealous of the progress and unity of this village.
The whole credit for the present good status of the village and the smiles at the villagers' face solely goes to "The Plan International", an NGO. The NGO started its operation in this village in 1989. It started helping poor families by adopting girl children and admitting them in a good school (inside or outside the country). The choose few girl children from the impoverished families with many children. The next great thing initiated by PLAN was building simple toilets and providing healthy drinking water for the villagers. For this purpose, the PLAN gathered villagers and motivated them to contribute labor or money or resource whichever possible. The village got a road in 1990 and first school building in 1992. The school changed its building and started incrementing the standard by 1 standard every year. In 1997, the school became a secondary school. In 1998, the school added one more building to accommodate the increasing number of students. The standard of education in the school kept on improving and in 2001 in started higher education in Arts and Commerce streams.
The slippery narrow walking ways of village have been replaced by concrete steps and wider paths. The sinuous concrete stepped path bifurcates the green fields of the village. The villagers with load on their back no more stagger to maintain their balance during the rainy season. Small kids are seen walking to and from the playground and home without holding their guardians fingers.
Apart from these, the village has recently got Cable TV connection. People have started using mobile phones and computers. more and more people are choosing to do new. The sprawling green field and swards just below the village has got a long stretch of road which has shortened its distance to 5 km from the Kathmandu city.
But, the life in this village is not as rosy as you are thinking. One tragedy is that the road has been there in the initial stage for more than 6 years, but it never got that black layer on it. The electricity seems to be a rare guest to the villages as load shedding has increased from 12 hours to 16 hours. The present not so good state of village depicts that few not so good politicians seem to have duped the not so clever villagers to win their votes and seem to have forgotten the village till the next election. The concrete steps seem to be struggling to maintain their existence as half of it has been covered by mud and weeds.
Let there be more light and more Education. Let the villagers be justly treated. Let Kisandol be back to its pristine glory and beauty.

</doc>
<doc id="20324228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324228" title="List of former territorial authorities in New Zealand">
List of former territorial authorities in New Zealand

Territorial Authority is the term used for local government entities in New Zealand. Local government has gone through three principal phases with different structures: The provincial era, from 1853 to 1876, the counties and boroughs system from 1876 until 1989, and the current system of regions, cities and districts.
This article attempts to list all territorial authorities which have been disestablished.
Provincial Era.
The original three provinces were established in 1841 by Royal Charter. These were reduced to two by the New Zealand Constitution Act 1846. The New Zealand Constitution Act 1852 divided New Zealand into six provinces, and four additional provinces were created during the remainder of the Provincial Era. This era came to end with the Abolition of Provinces Act 1876.
1989 reform of local government.
By 1986, the number of territorial authorities and single-purpose authorities had grown to more than 700. In 1989 there was a major reform of local government in New Zealand. The numerous borough and county councils were amalgamated into larger districts, while the number of cities was reduced.
Most of the resulting cities and districts continue in operation; Bank Peninsula District (merged into Christchurch City) is an exception. Seven cities and districts were amalgamated into the Auckland region in 2010.
The lists below should include all local authorities which existed prior to 1989.
Cities.
Prior to 1989, any borough with a population exceeding 20,000 could proclaim itself a city. As part of the restructuring, many provincial cities were combined with surrounding rural counties to form districts. For example, Hastings became a district, although its population is greater than nearby city Napier, which did not acquire any rural areas. The term city is still used informally for all large towns. New Zealand's first city was Christchurch, proclaimed by royal charter in 1856.
Counties.
When the provinces were abolished in 1876, 63 counties were established to govern rural areas. There were subdivisions and amalgamations over the next 113 years, with as many as 129 counties existing at once. Note that the designation of an area as a county often predated the formation of a County Council. In the interim there was often a roads board as the only form of local administration. Fiord and Sounds counties never formed councils, due to insufficient population to govern.
Districts.
From the 1970s onwards some local authorities created by a voluntary amalgamation of two or more component local authorities were termed Districts. These Districts were of a mixed rural/urban character but are not to be confused with the Districts created by the local government reorganisation of 1989.
Town districts.
A town district was a municipality intermediate in nature between a county town and a borough. In 1952, a dependent town district could be established on the petition of two thirds of the resident householders of any settlement of at least fifty households in an area of not more than two square miles (5.18 km2). To become an independent town district, a town district must have had a population of greater than 500.
Regions.
13 regional councils were established through the passing of the Local Government Act 1987. Nelson-Marlborough Regional Council was disestablished in 1992, when its functions went to the unitary authorities Nelson, Tasman, and Marlborough.
Auckland Regional Council was subsumed into the Auckland Council on 1 November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20324244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324244" title="Queen's Consent">
Queen's Consent

In the United Kingdom, Queen's Consent (or King's Consent when the monarch is male) is required before either House of Parliament can debate a Bill affecting the prerogative of the Crown or the interests (hereditary revenues, personal property or other interests) of the Crown, the Duchy of Lancaster or the Duchy of Cornwall. In the case of the Duchy of Cornwall, Prince's Consent must also be obtained.
Bills affected.
The following bills require Queen's Consent:
The following bills require Prince's Consent:
Effect on Parliamentary proceedings.
Consent is usually signified in both Houses of Parliament, at either the Second or Third reading, by a Privy Counsellor. It is recorded in Hansard. If consent is required but not signified, a bill may make no further progress through Parliament. If a bill is mistakenly allowed to progress even though the required Consent was not signified, and the error is discovered before Royal Assent has been given, the proceedings may later be declared void. Once a bill has passed Parliament and received Royal Assent, it is regarded as legally valid by the courts regardless of any deficiency in Parliamentary procedure, in accordance with the usual principles of Parliamentary privilege in the United Kingdom.
Where proposed legislation is sponsored by the Government (as is the case for most bills considered by Parliament), it is the usual practice for the relevant ministers to inform the monarch and Prince of Wales, where necessary, well before the bill is introduced into Parliament.
Consent granted or withheld on advice of the Government.
According to the UK monarchy's website, "[Queen's] Consent has not been withheld in modern times, except on the advice of Government". A spokesman for the Queen stated in 2013 that: "It is a long established convention that the Queen is asked by parliament to provide consent to those bills which parliament has decided would affect crown interests. The sovereign has not refused to consent to any bill affecting crown interests unless advised to do so by ministers."
Similarly, the Prince of Wales's website states that "In modern times, neither the Sovereign nor the Duke of Cornwall has ever refused to consent to any bill affecting Crown or Duchy of Cornwall interests. Every instance of The Prince’s consent having been sought and given to legislation is a matter of public record." A spokesman for the Prince stated in 2013: "In modern times, the prince of Wales has never refused to consent to any bill affecting Duchy of Cornwall interests, unless advised to do so by ministers. Every instance of the prince's consent having been sought and given to legislation is a matter of public record.""
Relationship to Royal Assent.
Queen's Consent and Prince's Consent are quite distinct from Royal Assent. 
Character.
The requirements for Queen's Consent and Prince's Consent are internal rules of procedure that Parliament has chosen to adopt, and could in principle dispense with. As Erskine May writes (speaking both of Queen's Consent and of other communications from the Crown to Parliament):
Cases where consent has been withheld.
In 1999, Queen Elizabeth II, acting on the advice of the Government, refused to signify her consent to Parliament debating the Military Action Against Iraq (Parliamentary Approval) Bill, which sought to transfer from the Sovereign to Parliament the power to authorize military strikes against Iraq. This prevented the Bill from being debated.
In 1998, the Palace of Westminster (Removal of Crown Immunity) Bill could not be debated because Queen's consent had not been given.
In 1990, the Reform of the House of Lords Bill could not be debated because Queen's consent had not been given.
Prince's Consent.
In certain circumstances, such as for the House of Lords Act 1999, the consent of the Prince of Wales, in his capacity of Prince of Wales, Earl of Chester, or Prince and Great Steward of Scotland or as Duke of Cornwall, must also be obtained where a Bill affects his interests. This is known as Prince's Consent.
Erskine May states that:
In the Scottish Parliament where a Bill requires the consent of the Prince and Steward of Scotland or the Duke of Rothesay,
the Parliament cannot debate any question whether the Bill be passed or approved unless such consent to those provisions has been signified by a member of the Scottish Executive.
Church Measures.
In 1993, both Queen's Consent and Prince's Consent was required in respect of the Priests (Ordination of Women) Measure 1993 that enabled the ordination of women in the Church of England.
Parliamentary guidance.
The Office of the Parliamentary Counsel has produced guidance on the need for Queen's or Prince's Consent and the procedures associated with them. This document was made public as the result of a ruling of the Information Commissioner in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20324263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324263" title="Blinkbox">
Blinkbox

Blinkbox is a UK-based video-on-demand (VoD) service available on Macintosh and Microsoft Windows computers, games consoles, tablet computers and Smart TVs. Content is either streamed or downloaded for free (paid for by advertising) or paid for.
The company was co-founded in 2006 by Michael Comish (he was Blinkbox's chief executive officer until June 2013 when he became Tesco Group Digital Officer) and Adrian Letts (chief operating officer), both former senior executives of Channel 4 and Vodafone. Blinkbox was launched in October 2007 with the backing of a number of venture capital firms. 
On 20 April 2011, Tesco acquired an 80% stake in Blinkbox from Eden Ventures and Nordic Venture Partners. It intends to use the company to boost its digital entertainment offering. The service has around 2.8 million users a month according to comScore.
Offer.
Blinkbox has content deals with studios including Warner Bros., Universal Studios, Paramount Pictures, Sony Pictures Entertainment, and 20th Century Fox and 16 independent producers including FremantleMedia, All3Media, Revolver Entertainment and Aardman Animations.
In 2010 the company signed a deal with the Samsung Group allowing films to be streamed directly though any Internet@TV Samsung TVs. blinkbox also formed a content partnership with YouTube allowing the site to carry blinkbox films on its new Movies section. The site is also the first in the UK to offer streaming film content through Sony’s PlayStation 3, and Microsoft's Xbox 360 consoles.
In June 2010, Blinkbox launched the "Full Stream Ahead" campaign bringing together several film studios to offer free movie content for one week to encourage consumer adoption of streaming technology and demonstrating what the company asserts to be the advantages of legal streaming services over illegal file-sharing.
Business model.
Blinkbox is the only service of its kind to have a combined free-pay offering, allowing users to stream paid-for feature titles alongside free, advert-supported TV and film content.
Additionally, a significant number of titles are free to watch, with revenue generated by advertisements during playback, similar to commercial television.
Technology.
Rental content can be streamed directly to a Windows PC, Mac, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 or Samsung Smart TV, and can be viewed any number of times within 48 hours. Buy-to-own content can be viewed without limit. The Blinkbox app is built into all pre 2012 Samsung Smart TVs. Content is protected with Microsoft's Windows Media DRM digital rights management and requires Microsoft Silverlight to play. Blinkbox cannot be used on Linux.
Blinkbox are currently in the process of creating Blinkbox Music, an online music streaming service to rival Spotify with the acquisition of WE7. 

</doc>
<doc id="20324301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324301" title="French ship Jauréguiberry">
French ship Jauréguiberry

Two ships of the French Navy have born the name Jauréguiberry, in honour of Bernard Jauréguiberry: 

</doc>
<doc id="20324344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324344" title="Constructed language">
Constructed language

A planned or constructed language (short: conlang) is a language whose phonology, grammar, and/or vocabulary has been consciously devised for human/human-like communication, instead of having developed naturally. It is also referred to as an artificial or invented language. There are many possible reasons to create a constructed language: to ease human communication (see international auxiliary language and code), to give fiction or an associated constructed world an added layer of realism, for linguistic experimentation, for artistic creation, and for language games.
The expression "planned language" is sometimes used to mean international auxiliary languages and other languages designed for actual use in human communication. Some prefer it to the term "artificial", as that term may have pejorative connotations in some languages. Outside the Esperanto community, the term language planning means the prescriptions given to a natural language to standardize it; in this regard, even "natural languages" may be artificial in some respects. Prescriptive grammars, which date to ancient times for classical languages such as Latin and Sanskrit are rule-based codifications of natural languages, such codifications being a middle ground between naive natural selection and development of language and its explicit construction. The term "glossopoeia" is also used to mean language construction, particularly construction of artistic languages.
An "ad hoc" July 2011 LinkedIn search by Gary Dale Cearley, blogging as Hyperglot, found the three most widely-spoken constructed languages in his extended network of colleagues are Esperanto, Interlingua and Klingon. As a quantitative example of use of conlangs within a country, the Hungarian census of 2001 found 4570 speakers of Esperanto, 10 for Romanid, 4 for Esperantido, 2 each for Interlingua and Ido and 1 each for Idiom Neutral and Mundolingue.
Planned, constructed, artificial.
The terms "planned", "constructed", and "artificial" are used differently in some traditions. For example, few speakers of Interlingua consider their language artificial, since they assert that it has no invented content: Interlingua's vocabulary is taken from a small set of natural languages, and its grammar is based closely on these source languages, even including some degree of irregularity; its proponents prefer to describe its vocabulary and grammar as standardized rather than artificial or constructed. Similarly, Latino sine Flexione (LsF) is a simplification of Latin from which the inflections have been removed. As with Interlingua, some prefer to describe its development as "planning" rather than "constructing". Some speakers of Esperanto and Esperantidos also avoid the term "artificial language" because they deny that there is anything "unnatural" about the use of their language in human communication.
By contrast, some philosophers have argued that all human languages are conventional or artificial. François Rabelais, for instance, stated: "C'est abus de dire que nous avons une langue naturelle; les langues sont par institution arbitraires et conventions des peuples." ("It's misuse to say that we have a natural language; languages are by institution arbitrary and conventions of peoples.")
An artificial language can also refer to languages which emerge naturally out of experimental studies within the framework of artificial language evolution.
Overview.
Further, fictional and experimental languages can be naturalistic in that they are meant to sound natural, have realistic amounts of irregularity, and, if derived "a posteriori" from a real-world natural language or real-world reconstructed proto-language (such as Vulgar Latin or Proto-Indo-European) or from a fictional proto-language, they try to imitate natural processes of phonological, lexical and grammatical change. In contrast with Interlingua, these languages are not usually intended for easy learning or communication; and most artlangers would not consider Interlingua to be naturalistic in the sense in which this term is used in artlang criticism. Thus, a naturalistic fictional language tends to be more difficult and complex. While Interlingua has simpler grammar, syntax, and orthography than its source languages (though more complex and irregular than Esperanto or its descendants), naturalistic fictional languages typically mimic behaviors of natural languages like irregular verbs and nouns and complicated phonological processes.
In terms of purpose, most constructed languages can broadly be divided into:
The boundaries between these categories are by no means clear. A constructed language could easily fall into more than one of the above categories. A logical language created for aesthetic reasons would also be classifiable as an artistic language, which might be created by someone with philosophical motives intending for said conlang to be used as an auxiliary language. There are no rules, either inherent in the process of language construction or externally imposed, that would limit a constructed language to fitting only one of the above categories.
A constructed language can have native speakers if young children learn it from parents who speak it fluently. According to "Ethnologue", there are "200–2000 who speak Esperanto as a first language" (most famously George Soros). A member of the Klingon Language Institute, d'Armond Speers, attempted to raise his son as a native (bilingual with English) Klingon speaker.
As soon as a constructed language has a community of fluent speakers, especially if it has numerous native speakers, it begins to evolve and hence loses its constructed status. For example, Modern Hebrew was modeled on Biblical Hebrew rather than engineered from scratch, and has undergone considerable changes since the state of Israel was founded in 1948 (Hetzron 1990:693). However, linguist Ghil'ad Zuckermann argues that Modern Hebrew, which he terms "Israeli", is a Semito-European hybrid, based not only on Hebrew but also on Yiddish and other languages spoken by revivalists. Zuckermann therefore endorses the translation of the Hebrew Bible into what he calls "Israeli". Esperanto as a living spoken language has evolved significantly from the prescriptive blueprint published in 1887, so that modern editions of the "Fundamenta Krestomatio", a 1903 collection of early texts in the language, require many footnotes on the syntactic and lexical differences between early and modern Esperanto.
Proponents of constructed languages often have many reasons for using them. The famous but disputed Sapir–Whorf hypothesis is sometimes cited; this claims that the language one speaks influences the way one thinks. Thus, a "better" language should allow the speaker to think more clearly or intelligently or to encompass more points of view; this was the intention of Suzette Haden Elgin in creating Láadan, the language embodied in her feminist science fiction series "Native Tongue". A constructed language could also be used to "restrict" thought, as in George Orwell's Newspeak, or to "simplify" thought, as in Toki Pona. In contrast, linguists such as Stephen Pinker argue that ideas exist independently of language. Thus, children spontaneously re-invent slang and even grammar with each generation. (See "The Language Instinct".) If this is true, attempts to control the range of human thought through the reform of language would fail, as concepts like "freedom" will reappear in new words if the old vanish.
Proponents claim a particular language makes it easier to express and understand concepts in one area, and more difficult in others. An example can be taken from the way various computer languages make it easier to write certain kinds of programs and harder to write others.
Another reason cited for using a constructed language is the ; this claims that it takes less time to first learn a simple constructed language and then a natural language, than to learn only a natural language. Thus, if someone wants to learn English, some suggest learning Basic English first. Constructed languages like Esperanto and Intelingua are in fact often simpler due to the typical lack of irregular verbs and other grammatical quirks. Some studies have found that learning Esperanto helps in learning a non-constructed language later (see Propaedeutic value of Esperanto).
The ISO 639-2 standard reserves the language code "" to denote artificial languages. However, some constructed languages have their own ISO 639 language codes (e.g. "eo" and "epo" for Esperanto, "jbo" for Lojban, "ia" and "ina" for Interlingua, "tlh" for Klingon and "io" and "ido" for Ido).
A Priori & A Posteriori languages.
An A Priori language is a language where the vocabulary is not based on an existing language.
An A Posteriori language is the opposite.
History.
Ancient linguistic experiments.
Grammatical speculation dates from Classical Antiquity, appearing for instance in Plato's "Cratylus" in Hermogenes's contention that words are not inherently linked to what they refer to; that people apply "a piece of their own voice...to the thing." Athenaeus of Naucratis, in Book III of Deipnosophistae, tells the story of two figures: Dionysius of Sicily and Alexarchus. Dionysius of Sicily created neologisms like "menandros" “virgin” (from "menei" “waiting” and "andra" “husband”), "menekratēs" “pillar” (from "menei" "it remains in one place” and "kratei" “it is strong"), and "ballantion" “javelin” (from "balletai enantion" “thrown against someone”). Incidentally, the more common Greek words for those three are "parthenos", "stulos", and "akon". Alexarchus of Macedon, the brother of King Cassander of Macedon, was the founder of the city of Ouranopolis. Athenaeus recounts a story told by Heracleides of Lembos that Alexarchus “introduced a peculiar vocabulary, referring to a rooster as a “dawn-crier,” a barber as a “mortal-shaver,” a drachma as “worked silver”...and a herald as an "aputēs" "ēputa" “loud-voiced”. "He once wrote something...to the public authorities in Casandreia...As for what this letter says, in my opinion not even the Pythian god could make sense of it.” While the mechanisms of grammar suggested by classical philosophers were designed to explain existing languages (Latin, Greek, Sanskrit), they were not used to construct new grammars. Roughly contemporary to Plato, in his descriptive grammar of Sanskrit, Pāṇini constructed a set of rules for explaining language, so that the text of his grammar may be considered a mixture of natural and constructed language.
Early constructed languages.
The earliest non-natural languages were considered less "constructed" than "super-natural", mystical, or divinely inspired. The Lingua Ignota, recorded in the 12th century by St. Hildegard of Bingen is an example; apparently it is a form of private mystical cant (see also language of angels). An important example from Middle-Eastern culture is Balaibalan, invented in the 16th century. Kabbalistic grammatical speculation was directed at recovering the original language spoken by Adam and Eve in Paradise, lost in the confusion of tongues. The first Christian project for an ideal language is outlined in Dante Alighieri's "De vulgari eloquentia", where he searches for the ideal Italian vernacular suited for literature. Ramon Llull's "Ars Magna" was a project of a perfect language with which the infidels could be convinced of the truth of the Christian faith. It was basically an application of combinatorics on a given set of concepts. During the Renaissance, Lullian and Kabbalistic ideas were drawn upon in a magical context, resulting in cryptographic applications. The Voynich manuscript may be an example of this.
Perfecting language.
Renaissance interest in Ancient Egypt, notably the discovery of the "Hieroglyphica" of Horapollo, and first encounters with the Chinese script directed efforts towards a perfect written language. Johannes Trithemius, in "Steganographia" and "Polygraphia", attempted to show how all languages can be reduced to one. In the 17th century, interest in magical languages was continued by the Rosicrucians and Alchemists (like John Dee and his Enochian). Jakob Boehme in 1623 spoke of a "natural language" ("Natursprache") of the senses.
Musical languages from the Renaissance were tied up with mysticism, magic and alchemy, sometimes also referred to as the language of the birds. The Solresol project of 1817 re-invented the concept in a more pragmatic context.
17th and 18th century: advent of philosophical languages.
The 17th century saw the rise of projects for "philosophical" or "a priori" languages, such as:
These early taxonomic conlangs produced systems of hierarchical classification that were intended to result in both spoken and written expression. Leibniz had a similar purpose for his "lingua generalis" of 1678, aiming at a lexicon of characters upon which the user might perform calculations that would yield true propositions automatically, as a side-effect developing binary calculus. These projects were not only occupied with reducing or modelling grammar, but also with the arrangement of all human knowledge into "characters" or hierarchies, an idea that with the Enlightenment would ultimately lead to the "Encyclopédie". Many of these 17th-18th centuries conlangs were pasigraphies, or purely written languages with no spoken form or a spoken form that would vary greatly according to the native language of the reader.
Leibniz and the encyclopedists realized that it is impossible to organize human knowledge unequivocally in a tree diagram, and consequently to construct an "a priori" language based on such a classification of concepts. Under the entry "Charactère", D'Alembert critically reviewed the projects of philosophical languages of the preceding century. After the "Encyclopédie", projects for "a priori" languages moved more and more to the lunatic fringe. Individual authors, typically unaware of the history of the idea, continued to propose taxonomic philosophical languages until the early 20th century (e.g. Ro), but most recent engineered languages have had more modest goals; some are limited to a specific field, like mathematical formalism or calculus (e.g. Lincos and programming languages), others are designed for eliminating syntactical ambiguity (e.g., Loglan and Lojban) or maximizing conciseness (e.g., Ithkuil).
19th and 20th century: auxiliary languages.
Already in the "Encyclopédie" attention began to focus on "a posteriori" auxiliary languages. Joachim Faiguet de Villeneuve in the article on "Langue" already wrote a short proposition of a "laconic" or regularized grammar of French. During the 19th century, a bewildering variety of such International Auxiliary Languages (IALs) were proposed, so that Louis Couturat and Leopold Leau in "Histoire de la langue universelle" (1903) reviewed 38 projects.
The first of these that made any international impact was Volapük, proposed in 1879 by Johann Martin Schleyer; within a decade, 283 Volapükist clubs were counted all over the globe. However, disagreements between Schleyer and some prominent users of the language led to schism, and by the mid-1890s it fell into obscurity, making way for Esperanto, proposed in 1887 by Ludwik Lejzer Zamenhof and its descendants. Interlingua, the most recent auxlang to gain a significant number of speakers, emerged in 1951, when the International Auxiliary Language Association published its Interlingua-English Dictionary and an accompanying . The success of Esperanto did not stop others from trying to construct new auxiliary languages, such as Leslie Jones' Eurolengo, which mixes elements of English and Spanish, or He Yafu's Mondlango, which introduces more English roots instead of Latin ones.
Loglan (1955) and its descendants constitute a pragmatic return to the aims of the "a priori" languages, tempered by the requirement of usability of an auxiliary language. Thus far, these modern "a priori" languages have garnered only small groups of speakers.
Robot Interaction Language (2010) is a spoken language that is optimized for communication between machines and humans. The major goals of ROILA are that it should be easily learnable by the human user, and optimized for efficient recognition by computer speech recognition algorithms.
Artlangs.
Artistic languages, constructed for literary enjoyment or aesthetic reasons without any claim of usefulness, begin to appear in Early Modern literature (in Pantagruel, and in Utopian contexts), but they only seem to gain notability as serious projects beginning in the 20th century. "A Princess of Mars" by Edgar Rice Burroughs was possibly the first fiction of that century to feature a constructed language. J.R.R. Tolkien was the first to develop a family of related fictional languages and was the first academic to discuss artistic languages publicly, giving a lecture entitled ""A Secret Vice"" in 1931 at a congress. (Orwell's Newspeak is considered a satire of an IAL rather than an artistic language proper.)
By the beginning of the first decade of the 21st century, it had become common for science-fiction and fantasy works set in other worlds to feature constructed languages, or more commonly, an extremely limited but defined vocabulary which "suggests" the existence of a complete language, and constructed languages are a regular part of the genre, appearing in "Star Wars", "Star Trek", "Lord of the Rings (Elvish)", "Stargate SG-1", "", "Game of Thrones (Dothraki language and Valyrian languages)", "Avatar", "Dune" and the "Myst" series of computer adventure games.
Modern conlang organizations.
Various paper zines on constructed languages were published from the 1970s through the 1990s, such as "Glossopoeic Quarterly", "Taboo Jadoo", and "The Journal of Planned Languages".
The Conlang Mailing List was founded in 1991, and later split off an AUXLANG mailing list dedicated to international auxiliary languages. In the early to mid-1990s a few conlang-related zines were published as email or websites, such as "Vortpunoj" and "Model Languages". The Conlang mailing list has developed a community of conlangers with its own customs, such as translation challenges and translation relays, and its own terminology. Sarah Higley reports from results of her surveys that the demographics of the Conlang list are primarily men from North America and western Europe, with a smaller number from Oceania, Asia, the Middle East, and South America, with an age range from thirteen to over sixty; the number of women participating has increased over time. More recently founded online communities include the Zompist Bulletin Board (ZBB; since 2001) and the Conlanger Bulletin Board. Discussion on these forums includes presentation of members' conlangs and feedback from other members, discussion of natural languages, whether particular conlang features have natural language precedents, and how interesting features of natural languages can be repurposed for conlangs, posting of interesting short texts as translation challenges, and meta-discussion about the philosophy of conlanging, conlangers' purposes, and whether conlanging is an art or a hobby. Another 2001 survey by Patrick Jarrett showed an average age of 30.65, with the average time since starting to invent languages 11.83 years. A more recent thread on the ZBB showed that many conlangers spend a relatively small amount of time on any one conlang, moving from one project to another; about a third spend years on developing the same language.
Collaborative constructed languages.
The Talossan language, a cultural base for the micronation known as Talossa, was created by a single person in 1979. However, as interest in Talossan grew, guidance of the language became (in 1983) the province of a recommending body, the Comità per l'Útzil del Glheþ, and other independent organizations of enthusiasts. Villnian draws on Latin, Greek and the Scandinavian languages. In its syntax and grammar it is reminiscent of Chinese. The core elements were created by a single person and its vocabulary is now enlarged by suggestions from the internet community.
While most constructed languages begin as did Talossan, having been created by a single person, a few are created by group collaborations; examples of these are Interlingua, which was developed by the International Auxiliary Language Association, and Lojban, which was developed by a breakaway group of Loglanists.
Group collaboration has apparently become more common in recent years, as constructed language designers have started using Internet tools to coordinate design efforts. NGL/Tokcir was an early Internet collaborative engineered language whose designers used a mailing list to discuss and vote on grammatical and lexical design issues. More recently, The Demos IAL Project was developing an international auxiliary language with similar collaborative methods. The Voksigid and Novial 98 languages were both worked on by mailing lists, though neither was issued in final form.
Several artistic languages have been developed on different constructed language wikis, usually involving discussion and voting on phonology, grammatical rules and so forth. An interesting variation is the corpus approach, exemplified by Madjal (late 2004) and Kalusa (mid-2006), where contributors simply read the corpus of existing sentences and add their own sentences, perhaps reinforcing existing trends or adding new words and structures. The Kalusa engine adds the ability for visitors to rate sentences as acceptable or unacceptable. There is no explicit statement of grammatical rules or explicit definition of words in this corpus approach; the meaning of words is inferred from their use in various sentences of the corpus, perhaps in different ways by different readers and contributors, and the grammatical rules can be inferred from the structures of the sentences that have been rated highest by the contributors and other visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="20324361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324361" title="Affliction Entertainment">
Affliction Entertainment

Affliction Entertainment was an American mixed martial arts (MMA) promotion company created by Affliction Clothing in 2008. The UFC prohibited its fighters from wearing Affliction clothing after learning Affliction was applying to become an MMA fight promotion. Donald Trump, who owned a significant equity stake in Affliction Entertainment, was often seen sporting Affliction T-Shirts at the PPV events. Although the promotion bears the Affliction name, it was not run by Affliction Clothing, but was an independent branch of the company.
Events.
Affliction Entertainment has promoted two pay-per-view (PPV) MMA events. The third (Trilogy) was scheduled for August 1, 2009, but was canceled July 24, 2009 due to Josh Barnett testing positive in the pre-screening drug test. On July 24, 2009 it was announced that Affliction had folded their MMA Promotion and would sponsor the UFC once again.
Affliction: Banned.
Affliction entered the world of MMA fight promotion with the announcement of its event "" which took place on July 19, 2008 in Anaheim, California at the Honda Center. The card at "Banned" featured many of the top MMA heavyweight fighters. The main event was the return of Pride FC Heavyweight Champion Fedor Emelianenko fighting against former UFC Heavyweight Champion Tim Sylvia. Emelianenko submitted Sylvia thirty-six seconds into the first round to win in convincing fashion. The event saw victories by former UFC Heavyweight Champions Andrei Arlovski and Josh Barnett and former UFC Light-heavyweight Champion Vitor Belfort. Affliction's total attendance (14,832), with a paid attendance of (11,242) and live gate of ($2,085,510) The total disclosed payroll for the event was $3,332,100.
Affliction: Day of Reckoning.
"" was the second event by Affliction and took place on January 24, 2009 in Anaheim, California at the Honda Center. The main event featured Fedor Emelianenko against former UFC Heavyweight Champion Andrei Arlovski. Josh "Babyface Assassin" Barnett fought on the card and defeated Gilbert Yvel. In a light-heavyweight match former Strikeforce Champion Renato "Babalu" Sobral beat Rameau Thierry Sokoudjou. Matt Lindland was re-assigned from a 195-pound catchweight bout with Sobral to a middleweight matchup against former UFC Light-Heavyweight Champion Vitor Belfort.
Headlining the undercard, which was broadcast on HDNet Fights, the first and last IFL Light-Heavyweight Champion Vladimir Matyushenko lost to PRIDE veteran Antonio Rogerio Nogueira.
Affliction: Trilogy.
"" was to feature a fight between Fedor Emelianenko and Josh Barnett as its headline event at the Honda Center in Anaheim, California on August 1, 2009. On July 22, 11 days before the scheduled event, the California State Athletic Commission announced it would not license Barnett because he tested positive for a banned substance. Later that day, the CSAC issued a press release which stated that anabolic steroids was the substance detected in Barnett's drug test.
Cancelation Aftermath.
Many of the fighters on the card were able to find another promotion to work for shortly after Affliction Entertainment's demise. The Renato Sobral vs. Gegard Mousasi bout was moved to for Sobral's Light Heavyweight Title, while Jay Hieron fought Jesse Taylor on the same card.
Zuffa also picked up several fighters with the LC Davis vs. Javier Vasquez bout being moved to WEC 42, the Mark Hominick vs. Deividas Taurosevicius bout being moved to WEC 43, the Ben Rothwell vs. Chase Gormley bout moved to UFC 104 and Vitor Belfort main eventing UFC 103. As well Paul Daley, Dan Lauzon, and Rafaello Oliveira have signed contracts with Zuffa.
The Jessie Gibbs vs. Rob Broughton bout was moved to M-1 Global Presents Breakthrough. While Lucio Linhares from the other M-1 Global bout was also moved to the card, with a new opponent, he ended up fighting Mikhail Zayats.

</doc>
<doc id="20324379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324379" title="Peter Young (British Army officer)">
Peter Young (British Army officer)

Major General Peter George Francis Young CB CBE (15 July 1912 – 4 November 1976) was a senior British Army officer who was General Officer Commanding Cyprus District from 1962 to 1964.
Military career.
After Winchester College and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, Young was commissioned into the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry in 1932 and was posted to the 1st Oxford and Buckinghamshire Regiment (the former 43rd Regiment of Foot). He served with the Royal West African Frontier Force in Nigeria from 1935 and then with the 2nd Ox and Bucks (the 52nd) in India from 1939. Young was second-in-command of the 2nd Ox and Bucks, 1st Airlanding Brigade at Bulford, Wiltshire from June 1942 to February 1943. He served with the 3rd Parachute Battalion during Operation Husky: the Allied invasion of Sicily in July 1943 where he was taken prisoner of war. He was a POW in Oflag 1X AZ at Rotenburg in Hesse during 1943 and 1944 when having convinced his captors that he was suffering from deafness he was repatriated and he became a General Staff Officer Grade 2 (Airborne) at the War Office. 
Young commanded the 16th Parachute Battalion in India and also attended the Staff College at Quetta in 1946. He became Assistant Adjutant and Quartermaster General at Divisional Headquarters, 6th Airborne Division, in Palestine in 1947 and an Instructor at the Staff College, Camberley in 1948. He was a General Staff Officer Grade 1 in Operations and Training, Allied Land Forces Central Europe between 1951 and 1952. Young became Commanding Officer of the 1st Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry in the Suez Canal Zone and at Osnabrück in 1952, commander of 44 Parachute Brigade TA in 1955 and commander of 1st Brigade Royal Nigeria Regiment in 1958. He was posted to the War Office in 1961 and became General Officer Commanding Cyprus District in 1962. At the original ceasefire in 1964 Young drew a line on a map with a blunt green chinagraph pencil identifying the truce line between the Greek Cypriot and Turkish Cypriot communities. It became known internationally as the Green Line. He was Director of Infantry at the Ministry of Defence from 1965 to 1967 and retired from the Army in 1968. Young was Chairman of the 43rd and 52nd Old Comrades Association from 1968.
Family.
Young married Patricia FitzGerald in 1949 and had two children, Susan Elizabeth (born 1951) and James Peter Gerald (born 1954). He lived in Pewsey, Wiltshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20324397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324397" title="Two-Minute Drill">
Two-Minute Drill

Two-Minute Drill is a 2007 children's book by Mike Lupica and the first book in his "Comeback Kids" series. 
Synopsis.
Scott Parry is not only the new kid, but he's also the clumsiest and smartest kid in school. Chris Conlan is the school's golden boy and the quarterback of the football team. Scott joins the football team, which causes him to cross paths with Chris. Initially the two seem like the unlikeliest pairing in the world, but a shared secret pulls them together. 
Reception.
"Two-Minute Drill" received reviews from the Horn Book Guide, School Library Journal, and Kirkus Reviews. 

</doc>
<doc id="20324399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324399" title="Artificial language">
Artificial language

Artificial languages are languages of a typically very limited size which emerge either in computer simulations between artificial agents, robot interactions or controlled psychological experiments with humans. They are different from both constructed languages and formal languages in that they have not been consciously devised by an individual or group but are the result of (distributed) conventionalisation processes, much like natural languages. Opposed to the idea of a central "designer", the field of artificial language evolution in which artificial languages are studied can be regarded as a sub-part of the more general cultural evolution studies.
Motivation.
The lack of empirical evidence in the field of evolutionary linguistics has led many researchers to adopt computer simulations as a means to investigate the ways in which artificial agents can self-organize languages with natural-like properties. This research is based on the hypothesis that natural language is a complex adaptive system that emerges through interactions between individuals and continues to evolve in order to remain adapted to the needs and capabilities of its users. By explicitly building all assumptions into computer simulations, this strand of research strives to experimentally investigate the dynamics underlying language change as well as questions regarding the origin of language under controlled conditions.
Due to its success the paradigm has also been extended to investigate the emergence of new languages in psychological experiments with humans, leading up to the new paradigm of experimental semiotics.
Because the focus of the investigations lies on the conventionalisation dynamics and higher-level properties of the resulting languages rather than specific details of the conventions, artificially evolved languages are typically not documented or re-used outside the single experiment trial or simulation run in which they emerge. In fact, the limited size and short-lived nature of artificial languages are probably the only things that sets them apart from "natural" languages, since "all" languages are artificial insofar as they are conventional (see also Constructed language#Planned, constructed, artificial).
Uses.
Artificial languages have been used in research in developmental psycholinguistics. Because researchers have a great deal of control over artificial languages, they have used these languages in statistical language acquisition studies, in which it can be helpful to control the linguistic patterns heard by infants.

</doc>
<doc id="20324401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324401" title="Uncial 0227">
Uncial 0227

Uncial 0227 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. The manuscript paleographically had been assigned to the 5th-century. It contains a small parts of the Epistle to the Hebrews (11:18-19,29), on 1 parchment leaf (21 cm by 17 cm). Written in two columns per page, 23 lines per page.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
Guglielmo Cavallo published facsimile of the codex in 1967.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1953.
The codex currently is housed at the Austrian National Library, in Vienna, with the shelf number Pap. G. 26055.

</doc>
<doc id="20324403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324403" title="Louis Ducis">
Louis Ducis

Louis Ducis (14 July 1775, Versailles - 2 March 1847, Paris) was a French painter and student of Jacques-Louis David.
Biography.
Louis Ducis was instructed by David, whom he partly imitated in his historical pieces, besides which he devoted himself also to genre and portrait painting. His 'Mary Stuart' and 'The Début of Talma' were formerly in the Luxembourg Gallery. He died in 1847.

</doc>
<doc id="20324419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324419" title="A151">
A151

A151 or A-151 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="20324423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324423" title="Model solid approximation">
Model solid approximation

The model solid approximation is a method used for determining the extrema of energy bands in semiconductors. The method was first proposed for silicon-germanium alloys by Chris G. Van de Walle and Richard M. Martin in 1986 and extended to several other semiconductor materials by Van de Walle in 1989. It has been used extensively for modelling semiconductor heterostructure devices such as quantum cascade lasers.
Although the electrostatic potential in a semiconductor crystal fluctuates on an atomic scale, the model solid approximation averages these fluctuations out to obtain a constant energy level for each material.

</doc>
<doc id="20324432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324432" title="Uncial 0228">
Uncial 0228

Uncial 0228 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. The manuscript paleographically had been assigned to the 4th century. It contains a small parts of the Epistle to the Hebrews (12:19-21,23-25), on 1 parchment leaf (15 cm by 12 cm). Written in one column per page, 17 lines per page.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1953.
The codex currently is housed at the Austrian National Library, in Vienna, with the shelf number Pap. G. 19888.

</doc>
<doc id="20324462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324462" title="French ship De Grasse">
French ship De Grasse

Three ships of the French Navy have born the name De Grasse in honour of François Joseph Paul de Grasse: 

</doc>
<doc id="20324478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324478" title="Louis Rubio">
Louis Rubio

Louis Rubio (?–1882) was a French painter. His works harked back to the Troubadour style twenty years earlier.
His major painting "Paolo and Francesca" was a highly-finished and detailed canvas exhibited at the Paris Salon of 1833, whose colours harked back to those of the turn of the 19th century. Its composition owes much to other depictions of the episode, such as Ingres' many versions, Coupin de la Couperie's painting (1812, purchased by Josephine Bonaparte) and 19th-century engravings.[http://www.artnet.de/artwork/425049110/424633596/louis-rubio-paolo-and-francesca.html]

</doc>
<doc id="20324488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324488" title="Bupranolol">
Bupranolol

Bupranolol is a non-selective beta blocker without intrinsic sympathomimetic activity (ISA), but with strong membrane stabilizing activity. Its potency is similar to propranolol.
Uses and dosage.
Like other beta blockers, oral bupranolol can be used to treat hypertension and tachycardia. The initial dose is 50 mg two times a day. It can be increased to 100 mg four times a day. Bupranolol eye drops (0.05%-0.5%) are used against glaucoma.
Pharmacology.
Bupranolol is quickly and completely absorbed from the gut. Over 90% undergo first-pass metabolism. Bupranolol has a plasma half life of about two to four hours, with levels never reaching 1 µg/l in therapeutic doses. The main metabolite is carboxybupranolol, 4-chloro-3-[3-(1,1-dimethylethylamino)-2-hydroxy-propyloxy]benzoic acid – that is, the methyl group at the benzene ring is oxidized to a carboxyl group –, of which 88% are eliminated renally within 24 hours.
Adverse effects, contraindications, interactions.
Adverse effects, contraindications and interactions are similar to other beta blockers.

</doc>
<doc id="20324489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324489" title="Walter Köhler">
Walter Köhler

Walter Friedrich Julius Köhler, (30 September 1897 in Weinheim - 9 January 1989 Vienna) was Minister President of Baden, Germany during the Nazi regime. Köhler was born in Weinheim, Baden. He was known as a talented speaker and strict anti-semite. When the Nazis rose to power, Köhler served under Robert Heinrich Wagner as Minister President of Baden.
After the war, Köhler was first assessed as uninvolved with the Nazis. Later this assessment was reversed. In addition to a fine, Köhler was sentenced to three years of imprisonment. Because the time he spent in an internment camp before sentencing was included, he never had to go to prison. 
Köhler died in January 1989 at the age of 91.

</doc>
<doc id="20324509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324509" title="Marie-Philippe Coupin de la Couperie">
Marie-Philippe Coupin de la Couperie

Marie-Philippe Coupin de la Couperie (1773, Sèvres - 1851, Versailles) was a French painter of the Troubadour style. He was a friend of the painter Anne-Louis Girodet de Roussy-Trioson. 
Among his patrons were Joséphine de Beauharnais, who bought his "The Tragic Love of Francesca da Rimini" for her gallery at Château de Malmaison. He became professor of drawing at two French military schools: the Prytanée National Militaire and then the Ecole Spéciale Militaire de Saint-Cyr. 

</doc>
<doc id="20324545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324545" title="Jalan Gunung Brinchang">
Jalan Gunung Brinchang

Jalan Gunung Brinchang, Federal Route is a federal road in Cameron Highlands, Pahang, Malaysia. It is the highest paved road in Malaysia.
Route background.
Jalan Gunung Brinchang is a 6.7-km single-lane paved road from the bottom to the top of Gunung Brinchang. Its terminal junction at the Federal Route 59 is located about 4.2 km from Brinchang, Cameron Highlands. The gradient varies between 5% to 10% until the end of the maintenance limit border at Gunung Irau camping site, where the gradient becomes steeper (up to 20%). As a result, the speed limit for this road is 20 km/h only. As a result, the short 6.7-km journey from the bottom to the top may take about half an hour.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 432 was built under the JKR R1 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 20 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20324557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324557" title="Uncial 0229">
Uncial 0229

Uncial 0229 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 8th-century. It is a palimpsest.
Description.
The manuscript contains a small part of the Book of Revelation (18:16-17; 19:4-6), on 2 parchment leaves (11 cm by 23 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 16 lines per page.
It is a palimpsest, the lower text is Coptic. It contains a calendar text with list of Egyptian months.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
Guglielmo Cavallo dated the manuscript to the 7th or 8th-century. Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 8th-century.
The manuscript was found in Antinoopolis (El-Sheikh Ibada) in Egypt. It was examined by Giovanni Mercati (1953) and Mario Naldini (1965). Mercati transcribed the text of the codex.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1953.
The codex formerly was housed at the Laurentian Library (PSI 1296b), in Florence. According to the Liste, 0229 has been destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="20324560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324560" title="List of Gaylactic Spectrum Award winners and nominees for best other work">
List of Gaylactic Spectrum Award winners and nominees for best other work

The Gaylactic Spectrum Awards are given to works of science fiction, fantasy and horror which explore LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender) topics in a positive way. They were founded in 1998, first presented by the Gaylactic Network in 1999, and in 2002 they were given their own organization, the "Gaylactic Spectrum Awards Foundation".
Awards are given in categories for novels, short fiction and best other work, although in some years the award for short fiction has not been presented due to lack of sufficient nominees or no nominee of high enough quality. Other categories have also been added and removed in intervening years, and works produced before the inception of the awards are eligible to be inducted into the "Hall of Fame". Each award consists of an etched image on lucite on a stand, using a spiral galaxy in a triangle logo, based on the logo of the Gaylactic Network. The award winner's name, work title, award year and award category are etched on a small plaque on the base or on the plexiglass itself. No cash award is associated with the other work award, and the cost of the awards is paid for through individual donations and fundraising events.
The other works category is open to submissions of works in any non-novel, non-short-fiction medium released during the prior calendar year in North America that includes "significant positive GLBT content". This includes: comic books, graphic novels, movies, television episodes, multimedia, anthologies, story collections, gaming products, artwork, music. The time-frame of eligibility is based on copyright date for first printing for written works, cover date for magazines and comic books, release date for films, and the first air date for television. The long list of nominees is reduced to a short list of finalists, and the results are generally announced and presented at Gaylaxicon, although they have also been presented at Worldcon in the past. This article lists all the "Best short fiction" award nominees and winners, and short fiction hall of fame inductees.
Nicola Griffith is the only creator to have won the other work award more than once, having won twice for editing anthologies; she was also nominated for once for her writing. The creators of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" have the record for most nominations, with five, one of which won the award. Cecilia Tan has the record for most nominations without winning, having been a finalist three times for editing anthologies. The most recent winners of the award are an anthology of LGBT themed science fiction entitled "The Future Is Queer", edited by Richard Labonté and Lawrence Schimel, the television series "Torchwood", created by Russell T Davies, and the film "V for Vendetta", all in 2007. No award was presented to any of the works in the 2008 shortlist.
Winners and nominees.
In the following table, the years correspond to the year of work's release; the ceremonies are always held the following year. Entries in bold and with a lavender background have won the relevant award; those that are neither highlighted nor in bold are the finalist nominees. Superscript letters after the result indicate simultaneous nominations in other categories, or other notes.
Other works Hall of Fame inductees.
In the following table, the years correspond to the year of the award ceremonies; the works were all first published or broadcast before the founding of the awards in 1998. Listed here are all the works short listed for entry in the Hall of Fame that are not novels or short stories. A separate "Hall of Fame Media" category was created for the year 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20324570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324570" title="Griselda (Vivaldi)">
Griselda (Vivaldi)

Griselda () is a dramma per musica in three acts that was composed by Antonio Vivaldi. The opera uses a revised version of the 1701 Italian libretto by Apostolo Zeno that was based on Giovanni Boccaccio's "The Decameron" (X, 10, "The Patient Griselda"). The celebrated Venetian playwright Carlo Goldoni was hired to adapt the libretto for Vivaldi. The opera was first performed in Venice at the Teatro San Samuele on 18 May 1735.
Composition history.
Michael Talbot notes that "the particular fame of this opera arises from the fact that it involved a collaboration with Goldoni", although one which was initially fraught with problems, but he goes on to note that the two men eventually worked out an amiable compromise in the revision of an old libretto to fit the vocal limitations of the first Griselda, Anna Girò.
Performance history.
The opera was not given its UK premiere until 23 July 1983 as part of the Buxton Festival, while in the US, it was not presented until 2000. 
Today, "Griselda" is rarely performed, but it featured as one of the 2011 festival season presentations of The Santa Fe Opera. Pinchgut Opera (Sydney) staged four performances November–December 2011 in the City Recital Hall and in Rio de Janeiro Municipal Theatre in June 2012 in concert form with Francesconi, Franco, Nardotto, Bitar, Christensson and Faria conducted by Marco Pace.
Synopsis.
Act 1.
Years before the action begins, Gualtiero, King of Sicily, had married a poor shepherdess, Griselda. The marriage was deeply unpopular with the king's subjects and when a daughter, Costanza, was born, the king had to pretend to have her killed while secretly sending her to be brought up by Prince Corrado of Apulia. Now, faced with another rebellion from the Sicilians, Gualtiero is forced to renounce Griselda and promises to take a new wife. The proposed bride is in fact Costanza, who is unaware of her true parentage. She is in love with Corrado's younger brother, Roberto, and the thought of being forced to marry Gualtiero drives her to despair.
Act 2.
Griselda returns to her home in the countryside where she is pursued by the courtier Ottone, who is in love with her. She angrily rejects his advances. Gualtiero and his followers go out hunting and come across Griselda's cottage. Gualtiero foils an attempt by Ottone to kidnap Griselda and allows her back to the court, but only as Costanza's slave.
Act 3.
Ottone still resolutely pursues Griselda and Gualtiero promises him her hand as soon as he himself has married Costanza. Griselda declares she would rather die and, moved by her faithfulness, Gualtiero takes her back as his wife. He reveals the true identity of Costanza and allows her to marry Roberto.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="20324573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324573" title="Gree Electric">
Gree Electric

Gree Electric Appliances Inc. () () is a Chinese major appliance manufacturer headquartered in Zhuhai, Guangdong. It is the world's largest residential air-conditioner manufacturer. The Company offers two types of air conditioner: household air conditioners and commercial air conditioners. The Company also provides electric fans, water dispensers, heaters, rice cookers, air purifiers, water kettles, humidifiers and induction cookers, among others. The Company distributes its products within China’s domestic market and to overseas markets under the brand name of Gree.
History.
Gree was established in Zhuhai, Guangdong in 1989 with its former name of Zhuhai City Haili Cooling Engineering Company Limited. It was restructured and renamed to Gree Electric Appliances Inc, of Zhuhai in 1992. The company started as a nameless factory with 200 employees and annual production of less than 20,000 units.
It was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 1996. The company grew 46% in 2008, notwithstanding the global recession, booking $23 billion in contract sales. The company is a multinational enterprise with 40,000 employees and annual production of 20 million units. 64% of the company is owned by the Chinese government, while 36% by other parties. In April 2011, Gree announced first-quarter net income rose 46 percent from a year earlier to 934.7 million Yuan.
Products.
Gree makes air-conditioners of all types, and small household appliances.

</doc>
<doc id="20324591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324591" title="Glebe terrier">
Glebe terrier

A glebe terrier is a term specific to the Church of England. It is a document, usually a written survey or inventory, which gives details of glebe, lands and property in the parish owned by the Church of England and held by a clergyman as part of the endowment of his benefice, and which provided the means by which the incumbent (rector, vicar or perpetual curate) could support himself and his church. Typically, glebe would comprise the vicarage or rectory, fields and the church building itself, its contents and its graveyard. If there was an absentee rector the glebe would usually be divided into rectorial glebe and the rest. "Terrier" is derived from the Latin "terra", "earth".
The glebe terrier would be drawn up at the time of each visitation, an official visit usually by the archdeacon. The Archdeacon would visit each parish annually, and the bishop visited outlying parts of his diocese every few years to maintain ecclesiastical authority and conduct confirmations.
Each church was entitled to a house and glebe. The glebe lands were either cultivated by the clergyman himself, or by tenants to whom he leased the land. In those cases where the parsonage was not well-endowed with glebe, the clergyman’s main source of income would come from the tithes.
Glebe terriers are useful historical documents as they may contain the names of tenants and the holders of adjoining lands. As the open field system comprised many narrow strips, often isolated from each other, within the larger fields, the terrier can provide useful information on the strips and furlongs in the parish. They may also contain information on how income from tithes was calculated and collected.
Full lists of the holdings of each parish were first required in 1571. They vary greatly as the compilation of the survey was undertaken by and at the discretion of each individual clergyman. The surveys were then collected together in the Church of England Registries, but a copy was often kept in the parish. Many are now kept in county record offices.
Components.
An ideal glebe terrier would comprise:

</doc>
<doc id="20324625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324625" title="Something Else (TV series)">
Something Else (TV series)

Something Else is a British television programme broadcast on BBC2 from 1978 to 1982 and targeted at a youth audience. It began in 1978 on Saturday evenings and was the first example of the genre known as "youth (often deliberately misspelled as yoof) TV" encompassing unknown and largely untrained young presenters with undisguised regional accents, minimal scripting, magazine format, freeform discussion of contemporary concerns and performances by "alternative" bands.
The programme's influence was clear on subsequent shows such as "The Tube", "Oxford Road Show", "Network 7" and "The Word". It was also satirised by "Not the Nine O'Clock News" (as "Hey Wow") which began that same autumn, and also in "The Young Ones" (as "Nozin' Aroun'").
It is remembered for capturing the last (and only nationally broadcast) TV appearance by Joy Division who performed Transmission and She's Lost Control live in the studio in September 1979, and The Clash performing Clash City Rockers and Tommy Gun, in their only televised performance for the BBC.

</doc>
<doc id="20324635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324635" title="Anthela varia">
Anthela varia

The Variable Anthelid ("Anthela varia") is a species of moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in the coastal areas of southern Western Australia, Southern Queensland, New South Wales, and Victoria.
The wingspan can range up to 90 mm for females.
The larvae, commonly called Hairy Mary Caterpillars, feed on "Macadamia integrifolia" and "Eucalyptus", "Grevillea" and "Stenocarpus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="20324643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324643" title="Gene Cretz">
Gene Cretz

Gene Allan Cretz (born 1950) is a career diplomat, who is the U.S. Ambassador to Ghana, after being confirmed by the U.S. Senate in August 2012. Before this, he was the first U.S. Ambassador to Libya since 1972, after being nominated in July 2007 by President Bush. His nomination was confirmed by the US Senate on November 21, 2008. He was sworn-in as U.S. Ambassador to Libya by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on December 17, 2008, at the State Department. He arrived in Libya on December 27, 2008. Cretz speaks a number of languages, including Arabic, Dari, Urdu, and Chinese. President Barack Obama nominated him for the post to Ghana in April 2012. He was sworn-in as the U.S. Ambassador to Ghana by Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton on September 11, 2012.
Diplomatic postings.
Gene Cretz previously served in key diplomatic posts in Israel, Egypt and Syria. In addition to these postings, he has also been stationed in Pakistan, India, China, and in Washington D.C. Prior to assuming his post in Libya, he was a Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs.
Education.
Cretz was born in Albany, New York and attended Albany High School, where he taught from 1977 to 1979. He received a bachelor's degree from the University of Rochester and a master's degree from Buffalo State College at Buffalo. He has a bachelor's degree in English Literature and a master's degree in Linguistics and Secondary Education.

</doc>
<doc id="20324686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324686" title="Gertrude of Babenberg, Duchess of Bohemia">
Gertrude of Babenberg, Duchess of Bohemia

Gertrude of Babenberg ( – 8 April 1150) was the first wife of Vladislaus II of Bohemia and a Duchess of Bohemia. She was the daughter of count Leopold III, Margrave of Austria, and his wife Agnes of Germany.
Gertrude married the Duke of Bohemia in 1140. Through her mother, she was a half-sister of Conrad III of Germany, thus a good catch for Vladislaus. At the time of siege of Prague by Conrad II of Znojmo (1142), she successfully defended Prague Castle with the help of her brother-in-law Děpold while Vladislaus sought assistance from Conrad III of Germany.
She participated in projects of her husband Vladislaus to found new religious institutions and due to her encouragement, the duke invited foreign religious orders to establish themselves in Bohemia. She gave birth to four children and died in 1150 at the age of 30 in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="20324690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324690" title="Archaeobiology">
Archaeobiology

Archaeobiology, the study of the biology of ancient times through archaeological materials, is a subspecialty of archaeology. It can be seen as a blanket term for paleobotany, animal osteology, zooarchaeology, microbiology, and many other sub disciplines. Specifically, plant and animal remains are also called ecofacts. Sometimes these ecofacts can be left by humans and sometimes they can be naturally occurring. Archaeobiology tends to focus on more recent finds, so the difference between archaeobiology and palaeontology is mainly one of date: archaeobiologists typically work with more recent, non-fossilised material found at archaeological sites. Only very rarely are archaeobiological excavations performed at sites with no sign of human presence.
Flora and Fauna in Archaeology.
The prime interest of paleobotany is to reconstruct the vegetation that people in the past would have encountered in a particular place and time. Plant studies have always been overshadowed by faunal studies because bones are more conspicuous than plant remains when excavating. Collection of plant remains could everything including pollen, soil, diatoms, wood, plant remains and phytoliths. Phytoliths are sediments and diatoms are water deposits. Each plant remain can tell the archaeologist different things about the environment during a certain time period. Animal remains were the first evidence used by 19th century archaeologists. Today, archaeologists use faunal remains as a guide to the environment. It helps archaeologists understand whether the fauna were present naturally or through activities of carnivores or people. Archaeologists deal with macrofauna and microfauna. Microfauna are better indicators of climate and environmental change than larger species. These can be as small as a bug or as big as a fish or bird. Macrofauna helps archaeologists build a picture of past human diet.
Bacteria and Protists in Archaeology.
Bacteria and Protists form two separate animal kingdoms, but both are fairly similar when compared. Bacteria are prokaryotic microorganisms, while protists are a group of eukaryotic organisms. Because both are microorganisms, both fall under the study of microbiology and special techniques are required for archaeologists to even see them.
Archaeologists, in order to find these microorganisms in a site, have to first take samples from the site and bring them in for lab analysis. Once in the lab, they can use equipment such as optical microscopes, in order to actually see evidence of micro organic remains. Archaeologists that look at these microorganisms do not actually find the living bacteria or protist, but instead find indentations left behind in material from where they had did. Depending on where the indentations were in the strata, archaeologists can determine the age of the microorganisms.
Paleomycology.
Paleomycology is the study of fungi in the fossil record. The study of past fungi can lead to the evolutionary past. Much of fungi are made up of parasites of animals, plants or insects. Most of the contemporary fungi resemble its ancestors, dating back over a million years ago. For example, “In the Dominican amber, a mosquito was found with several types of parasitic fungi growing on its outside cuticle. What is interesting is that the fungi resemble modern day fungi in class Trichomycetes, which are common gut-inhabiting zygomycetes of insects, but they differ from Trichomycetes in that the fungi are on the outside of the insect rather than the inside.” The study of ancient fungi can be used to track the evolution of fungi through millions of years.
Osteology in Archaeology.
The study of osteology is a study of bones and can be a subdiscipline in archeology. Osteololgists in archeology reconstruct bones of humans or animals from the past to find more about the past civilizations. . Osteology is used in archaeology to determine the age, gender, and ethnicity of the remains. It is also helpful to rebuild past societies’ cultural background. Using the remains from the past can help modern archaeologist uncover the past from what they ate to their daily activities. This can help uncover the mysteries of past histories.

</doc>
<doc id="20324706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324706" title="Georgia national under-19 football team">
Georgia national under-19 football team

The Georgian national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of Georgia and is controlled by the Georgian Football Federation.In this team play most talented Georgian Footballers under 19 years.
Current squad.
Squad selection for the 2012 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship elite qualification in May 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20324712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324712" title="Xanthorhoe anaspila">
Xanthorhoe anaspila

Xanthorhoe anaspila is a species of moth of the Geometridae family.

</doc>
<doc id="20324715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324715" title="Stoven">
Stoven

Stoven is a village in Suffolk, England, located approximately 4½ miles (7½ km) north east of Halesworth and 5½ miles (8½ km) south of Beccles. The mid-2005 population estimate for Brampton with Stoven parish was 460. Brampton is located just to the west, Uggeshall to the south and Sotterley to the north.
The parish church is dedicated to St Margaret and is a Grade II* listed building. It was threatened with demolition and sale in the late 1980s and early 1990s before being listed when its medieval structure was revealed. The church re-opened in 1996 and restoration work is believed to be ongoing.
Stoven has few basic services. Children attend primary school in Brampton and high school in Beccles. The local public house, a 17th-century Grade II listed building, re-opened in July 2008 after having been closed for three and a half years, but closed again in early 2011 with plans to convert it to residential use.

</doc>
<doc id="20324745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324745" title="Andrew B. Cooke House">
Andrew B. Cooke House

The Andrew B. Cooke House in Virginia Beach, Virginia, was designed in 1953 and completed in 1959 for Andrew B. & Maude Cooke. Along with the Pope-Leighey House and the Luis Marden House, it is one of three Frank Lloyd Wright designs in Virginia. A variation of Wright's solar hemicycle designs, the Cooke House features yellow-gold brick and a copper, cantilevered roof.

</doc>
<doc id="20324751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324751" title="John Edward Jennings">
John Edward Jennings

John Edward Jennings (1906–1973) was an American historical novelist, author of many best-selling novels of American history and seagoing adventure. He also wrote several nonfiction books on history.
John Edward Jennings, Jr., was born in Brooklyn, New York and studied engineering and literature at Columbia University. He had his first experience of seafaring at age 19 as a hand aboard a tramp steamer in the Black Sea and eastern Mediterranean. In World War II he served as a lieutenant commander in the US Navy and was the head of the US Naval Aviation History Unit.
He first wrote short stories and travel narratives. His first novel, "Next to Valour" was published in 1939 and became a best-seller, translated into seven languages. It concerned life along the Merrimack River during the French and Indian War. His most popular novel was "The Salem Frigate", a romantic adventure set on the US frigate "Essex". Other seafaring adventures included "The Sea Eagles", about the early days of the US Navy, and "Chronicle of the" Calypso, "Clipper" about a clipper race. "Banners Against the Wind" (1954) was a biographical novel about the pioneering doctor Samuel Gridley Howe.
Selected bibliography.
Novels
Nonfiction

</doc>
<doc id="20324756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324756" title="Wairau">
Wairau

Wairau may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20324767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324767" title="Brampton with Stoven">
Brampton with Stoven

Brampton with Stoven is a civil parish in the Waveney district of Suffolk, England located south of the town of Beccles. The mid-2005 population estimate for the parish was 460.
The parish includes the villages of Brampton and Stoven.

</doc>
<doc id="20324775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324775" title="Jalan Pelabuhan Kuantan">
Jalan Pelabuhan Kuantan

Jalan Pelabuhan Kuantan, Federal Route is a federal road in Pahang, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
Federal Route 421 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing a maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20324777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324777" title="No Sacrifice, No Victory">
No Sacrifice, No Victory

No Sacrifice, No Victory is the seventh studio album by HammerFall and was released February 20, 2009. It was partly recorded in PAMA Studios in Torsås and partly at King Diamond guitarist, Andy La Rocque's Sonic Train Studios in Varberg. This is the first album featuring the band's new lead guitarist Pontus Norgren, as well as the first with the band tuning all of their guitars a whole-step down as opposed to the half-step down tuning seen on all previous albums. The album was certified gold in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20324797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324797" title="Miller Fisher">
Miller Fisher

Charles Miller Fisher, usually known as C. Miller Fisher (December 5, 1913, Waterloo, Ontario – April 14, 2012, Albany, New York) was a pioneering neurologist. Trained in Canada, he spent 1949 at Massachusetts General Hospital, followed by several years in Montreal. In 1954 he returned to Massachusetts General on the stroke service, beginning a long career in stroke neurology. In 1956 he reported the variant of Guillain–Barré syndrome that now carries his name. Fisher was the recipient of the Royal College of Physicians of Canada's Prize in Medicine in 1952, and entered the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame in 1998. Fisher is credited with describing the clinical syndrome of the transient ischemic attack ("mini-stroke"). Fisher proved, by a series of pathological studies, the relationship between stroke and the formation of blood clots in the heart in patients with atrial fibrillation. He also showed the relationship between stroke and carotid artery stenosis, which made preventive surgery possible and greatly reduced the incidence of subsequent strokes.] He was a founder of Massachusetts General Hospital Stroke Service. Fisher is the namesake of the Harvard Neurology Residency Program at Massachusetts General Hospital. He contributed greatly towards the current use of anticoagulants for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation.
He contributed greatly to the understanding of stroke, more specifically carotid artery disease and lacunar infarcts and their syndromes. With regards to the lacunar syndromes he described the concept, the "pure motor stroke", the "pure sensory stroke", and the mechanism underlying the different stroke syndromes. He made a number of contributions to the understanding of cervical artery dissection (carotid artery dissection and vertebral artery dissection) in the 1970s, and that of subarachnoid hemorrhage due to cerebral aneurysms. 
Fisher also developed the Miller Fisher test used in the diagnosis of normal pressure hydrocephalus.

</doc>
<doc id="20324799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324799" title="Slingsby Eagle">
Slingsby Eagle

The Slingsby Type 42 Eagle was a two-seat glider designed in England from 1952.
Development.
After the end of WWII the British Gliding Association (BGA) recognised a need for two-seat training gliders to replace the unsafe and inefficient solo training techniques that were prevalent at the time, launching a competition to design a two seat trainer. Though Slingsby did not enter the competition it spurred them to look in the early 1950s at a two-seat version of their Type 34 Sky. The advent of the NACA laminar flow aerofoil sections at that time prompted them to start from scratch, designing a large aircraft with nearly 18 m span, three-part wings and a large fuselage with spacious comfortable cockpits.
The fuselage is built up as a wooden truss with a plywood-covered stressed-skin top decking and wooden semi-monocoque forward fuselage. The cockpits are covered by two canopies, the forward one hinging to starboard and the rear hinged at the rear forming part of the leading edge, in the cut-outs provided for access to the rear seat.
The wings are built up from wood with plywood covering back to the rear spar inboard of the ailerons and forward of the mainspar outboard. A rectangular constant thickness/chord ratio centre section sits atop the fuselage out to approx 1/5 span each side where the tapering outer wings are fitted, with the leading edge unswept. Large effective plate-type airbrakes are fitted, aft of the mainspar, to the wings at approx 1/3 span extending out from upper and lower surfaces.
Plywood-skinned low-set tailplane and fin with fabric-covered built-up wooden elevators and rudder are at the tail end of the fuselage, the elevators fitted with trim tabs, one for longitudinal trim and one to compensate for pitch-up with operation of the airbrakes.
The undercarriage comprises a single mainwheel just aft of the loaded centre of gravity with a large nose skid faired in with leather or canvas and a metal tailskid.

</doc>
<doc id="20324800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324800" title="Eupselia holoxantha">
Eupselia holoxantha

Eupselia holoxantha is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family.

</doc>
<doc id="20324844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324844" title="Cmap (font)">
Cmap (font)

The cmap table is one of the OpenType font tables, which are required to enable correct font functioning. It ""defines the mapping of character codes to the glyph index values used in the font.""

</doc>
<doc id="20324847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324847" title="Jalan Bukit Pelindung">
Jalan Bukit Pelindung

Jalan Bukit Pelindung, Federal Route is a federal road in Kuantan, Pahang, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 424 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20324857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324857" title="Tisobarica thyteria">
Tisobarica thyteria

Tisobarica thyteria is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20324878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324878" title="Masdevallia ionocharis">
Masdevallia ionocharis

Masdevallia ionocharis (Graceful Violet-blue Masdevallia) is an epiphytic orchid in the Masdevallia genus of orchids. Its name is derived from the Greek words "ion" meaning violet and "charis" meaning grace.
It occurs in the Andean region, from Peru to Bolivia.
Description.
"M. ionocharis" is a medium sized plant with paddle shaped leaves and flowers held on erect peduncles at or just above the level of the leaves, which blooms in the summer with a single 2.5 cm wide flower.
Culture.
"M. ionocharis" should be grown in cool temperatures. It can be grown potted in sphagnum moss, with the potting medium being kept moist.
Discovery.
"M. ionocharis" was found in 1875 by Walter Davis in the Andean valley of Sandia, in the province of Carabaya, Peru, at elevation), where he was collecting plants for James Veitch & Sons.

</doc>
<doc id="20324890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324890" title="Arenberg Castle, Salzburg">
Arenberg Castle, Salzburg

The Arenberg Castle ("Schloss Arenberg" or "Schloss Bürglstein") is a castle on the right bank of the river Salzach in Salzburg. 
The castle was first documented in the 14th century and belonged to the lords of Keutzl, the lords of Pirglstein and later the lords of Rehling until the 16th century. In the 17th century, the castle was purchased by Archbishop Johann Ernst von Thun, but in 1695 it became a nunnery of the Ursuline Sisters. However this was short-lived and three years later, the nuns moved to Gstättengasse.
In 1791, gardener Sebastian Rosenegger bought the property, and encouraged the building of a new park in the castle grounds. He passed it to his son, the businessman and amateur archaeologist Josef Rosenegger. In 1792 Rosenegger discovered during excavations for the new park, a large Roman cemetery and treasures. The park soon became a popular destination from miles around Salzburg and it was visited by several state leaders.
After a fire in 1814, the castle was rebuilt. On 3 January 1842, Eberhard Fugger, a renowned geologist, and director of the Salzburg Museum bought the castle.
In 1861 Princess Sophie of Arenberg purchased the castle and expanded it further by linking the two three-story buildings with a central tower. From 1912 to 1922, the building served as the home for the writer and philosopher Hermann Bahr, and for his wife, Anna Bahr-Mildenburg, opera singer and co-founder of the Salzburg Festival. In 1931 the castle became owned by the government of Salzburg.
In January 2001 the Salzburg Stiftung of the American Austrian Foundation purchased the castle from the regional government of Salzburg. In 2005, after a total renovation, the castle opened as a conference center.
On 20 April 2009 the castle was destroyed by a fire caused by welders on the roof. It has been completely rebuilt and resumed operations in April 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20324935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324935" title="Workers and Unemployed Action Group">
Workers and Unemployed Action Group

The Workers and Unemployed Action Group (WUAG) is an Irish political organisation based in Clonmel in South County Tipperary, set up in 1985 by Séamus Healy. WUAG has one Teachta Dála (TD) and has endorsed and seen a number of its members elected to both the South Tipperary County Council and Clonmel Borough Council.
The organisation was set up in response to lack of employment and the economic situation in the South Tipperary area. Both Séamus Healy and his brother Paddy Healy had both been involved in the socialist group, the League for a Workers Republic.
In the 2000 Tipperary South by-election, Séamus Healy was elected to the Dáil for Tipperary South, officially running as an independent candidate. At the 2002 general election, Healy was re-elected. Phil Prendergast was elected mayor of Clonmel in 2003. 
In 2007, Prendergast left and joined the Labour Party after being headhunted to stand at the 2007 general election against Healy, but neither of them were elected. However, Prendergast was nominated to run for the Seanad and was elected. The group was recognised by the Dáil registrar of political parties in September 2008.
The group was involved in discussions with other left wing groups about a nationwide alliance at the 2009 local elections, which were not successful.
At the 2009 local elections, Martin Henzey was returned on Carrick-on-Suir Town Council, while Séamus Healy, Pat English, Billy Shoer and Theresa Ryan were elected to Clonmel Borough Council. Healy and English were elected to South Tipperary County Council, for the Clonmel electoral area.
The group joined the United Left Alliance which was founded in November 2010, and fielded Séamus Healy in Tipperary South at the 2011 general election. Séamus Healy was the first Deputy elected for South Tipperary as a result of the 2011 general election.
As a result of Healy's election to the 31st Dáil, Billy Shoer was co-opted to South Tipperary Country Council and Helena McGee was co-opted to Clonmel Borough Council.
In October 2012 the WUAG left the United Left Alliance following disagreements with the Socialist Party and People Before Profit Alliance over the tax affairs of Independent TD Mick Wallace. 

</doc>
<doc id="20324936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324936" title="Kuchinapally">
Kuchinapally

Kuchinapally is a hamlet under Ipur Village and Mandal, Guntur District, Andhra Pradesh, India. It is a quiet village where the villagers are cooperative and friendly. 
The villagers constructed a Rama temple in the heart of the village.
Recently Sri Taduvai Venkata Jagannadham installed Panchamukha Anjeneya swami beside his family farm on a hillock en route the popular Sanjeevini konda.

</doc>
<doc id="20324939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324939" title="Demon's Souls">
Demon's Souls

Set in a dark fantasy world, players take control of a hero who has journeyed to the fictional kingdom of Boletaria, which is being ravaged by a cursed fog that brings forth demons who feast on the souls of mortals. The game has been described as a spiritual successor to the "King's Field" series of games. The gameplay involves a character-creation system and emphasizes gathering loot through combat with enemies in a non-linear series of varied locations. It has a unique online multiplayer system integrated into the single-player where players can leave useful messages and warnings for other players' single-player game worlds, as well as joining other players in their world to assist and/or kill them.
Upon its release in Japan and North America, "Demon's Souls" was met with acclaim from critics, winning numerous awards. The game was praised for its dark fantasy art design, variation in combat choice and integrated online interactions. The game is particularly notable for its high difficulty level, with many critics noting it as a genuine challenge. The game has a spiritual successor titled "Dark Souls".
Gameplay.
Players take control of the main character in a third-person view who, at the start of the game, can be customized by choice of gender, appearance, name and starting class. There are 10 starting classes, ranging from knights and barbarians to thieves and mages. Each class has its own starting statistics, starting gear, weapons and type of magic used which all emphasize certain approaches to combat depending on the player's preference.
As players kill demons, they gain souls which act as currency that can be used to buy, repair, and upgrade weapons as well as increase player statistics such as strength, luck, and endurance. Along with souls, players can retrieve items such as weaponry and ore for upgrading. When a player is killed during a level, they are sent to the beginning of the level with all non-boss enemies re-spawned, and the player returns in soul form with lower maximum health and the loss of all unused souls. If the player manages to reach their bloodstain at the point where they were last killed, they regain their lost souls. However, if they are killed before then, the souls are lost permanently. Upon defeating a boss, the player can choose to re-spawn back to that location, marked in the form of an Archstone. When not exploring a level, players reside in the Nexus, a realm of souls that acts as a hub where players can exchange souls, store items and travel between regions. After completing the initial portion of the first region, players can choose to progress through any other of the newly available regions.
Gameplay can change depending on both the World and Character tendency, which can be either white or black. Tendency depends on the actions of the player such as helping or killing NPCs. When white, enemies are easier, yet the soul and items rewards are fewer; when black, enemies are stronger and give greater rewards. Players can manipulate their tendency to suit their current needs. Character tendency affects the player throughout, while World Tendency only affects the region where an action was taken.
Further emphasizing the challenging nature of the game is the increased difficulty upon completion of the story. After finishing the game, the player may choose to continue playing from the beginning, except with a 40% increase in difficulty. Subsequent completions increase the difficulty further by 8%.
Online.
When connected to the PlayStation Network, online play is integrated into the single-player experience. Throughout levels, players can briefly see the actions of other players as ghosts in the same area that may show hidden passages or switches. When a player dies, a bloodstain can be left in other players' game world that when activated can show a ghost playing out their final moments, indicating how that person died and potentially helping the player avoid the same fate in advance. Players can leave messages on the floor that can also help others such as forewarning safe or hostile positions, trap locations and tactics against enemies or bosses, among general comments.
Co-operative play allows up to three characters to team up in the host's game world where visiting players appear in soul form that can only be returned to their bodies when a boss is defeated. In competitive play, players can invade a player's adventure as a Black Phantom to engage in combat with the host player. If the Black Phantom kills the host, they can be returned to their body in their own game whereas if killed themselves, the host gains a portion of the Black Phantom's souls.
The North American online servers were originally scheduled to be shut off on October 11, 2011, however Atlus decided on September 22, 2011, to keep the servers until 31 May 2012. However, a few days prior to the servers shutting down, there was an announcement made by Atlus stating that the servers would stay up for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, Atlus stated that there could be future extensions of the North American servers, provided user activity and interest remain constant.
Plot.
The game is set in the kingdom of Boletaria, ruled by the aging King Allant XII(The game's main antagonist). Because of his greed, the king searched for power and prosperity through a dark ritual of channeling the power of souls that brought unprecedented prosperity to Boletaria, until the "Deep Fog" covered the land's outskirts, cutting off the kingdom from the outside world. Neighboring kingdoms sent scouts to investigate but none returned after entering the fog. It was only after Vallarfax of the royal Twin Fangs broke free from the fog that the rest of the world could be told of Boletaria's plight. By channeling souls, King Allant had awakened the Old One, a great demon residing below the Nexus. With the Old One's awakening, a dark fog had swept in that within it unleashed demons who feasted on the souls of mankind, where those left alive without a soul became insane and violent. Without resistance, the fog slowly begins to spread beyond Boletaria.
Many brave warriors attempted to breach the fog and save Boletaria while others were swayed at the prospect of harnessing the demon's souls; either way, many were lost to the fog. The player takes control of one such warrior who breaches the fog and enters the lost kingdom; however, after entering the palace botanical gardens, the lone hero adventurer is confronted by a vile demon, The Vanguard. If the adventurer manages to defeat the Vanguard, they are killed by the Dragon God, another ville demon in the form of a massive dragon. After dying, the hero, now in soul form, appears in the Nexus. In the Nexus, they are greeted by the Maiden in Black, a mysterious and blinded matron of the Nexus who gives them the quest to travel to each region of Boletaria and retrieve the demon's souls to gain power and eventually free the corrupted kingdom of Boletaria from the Old One.
One by one the hero slays the mighty demons that reside in many of Boletaria's notable locations; the Boletarian Palace, Stonefang Tunnel, Tower of Latria, Shrine of Storms and Valley of Defilement. It is also in these places where they encounter the few remaining great men and women of Boletaria. Once the hero claims all the demon's souls and has killed the Arch Demons of each area, the Maiden in Black leads them down below the Nexus to the Old One itself. The Maiden in Black beckons the Old One who invites the hero inside where the now deformed King Allant XII remains. During the final battle Allant claims that because of humanity's own violence and suffering, the Old One is acting mercifully by putting "an end to our tragic realm of existence." Upon Allant's defeat, his last words are a warning to the hero: "You fool. Don't you understand? No one wishes to go on."
During the end game the hero makes one last choice to either slay or walk away from the Maiden in Black. If the hero walks away, they have not succumbed to the temptation of the souls when the fog is lifted and the Maiden departs with the Old One back into the fog into its slumber once again, saving Boletaria and the rest of the world. If, however, the Maiden in Black is killed, they have become lustful for the power of souls, condemning the world with the hero as its ruler at the side of the Old One.
Development.
According to lead director Hidetaka Miyazaki, before the start of the two-year development period, the studio had previously ruled out the following game to be a new installment in the "King's Field" series. Instead SCEJ producer Takeshi Kajii described the game as a "spiritual successor" to "King's Field", where he stated "I am a fan of From Software, but naturally that also means there are parts of their games I'm not satisfied with, too," explaining the development choice as an opportunity to be more creative and potentially innovative, stating "If this was a new "King's Field" game, there would be areas we wouldn't be able to touch since they're part of the series; working together like this, we can try to make something really new." Besides "King's Field", Kajii also mentioned fantasy-themed gamebooks such as "Fighting Fantasy" and Titan as inspiration for many location and character designs. The style of characters such as the "Adjudicator" boss took some influences from pagan folklore, yet rather than exactly deriving from other designs, the process involved "mixing a couple of images of primitive gods together" to create a "raw concept" with "an unusual and chaotic feel."
Miyazaki commented on the game's considerable difficulty as "never the goal", but rather a focus on creating a real sense of accomplishment. Difficulty was described as "one way to offer an intense sense of accomplishment through forming strategies, overcoming obstacles, and discovering new things." Game locations were described as "places of evil intent", such as the Tower of Latria embodying man-made evil, and the Valley of Defilement embodying natural evil, with the difficulty heightening the player's sense of dread. The threat of death that sees players potentially losing all their hard-earned souls was also created to emphasize this mood, that "if the Souls could be recovered anytime, there would be no suspense or sense of accomplishment." Boss battles were primarily designed to be "varied and exciting" to make sure "players didn’t get tired of the same fight" and like the rest of the game "encourage them to figure out different tactics, to think on their feet." Takeshi Kajii actually felt that the boss battles were not the hardest element; "You say boss, but it’s not just the boss. It’s everything including the road up to the boss that makes this game really hard. If you find patterns to destroy the boss, it’s not that hard. It’s how you get to the boss that makes this a difficult game."
When developing the integrated online feature, Miyazaki felt many new games had what he considered "too much communication in online games which can become a burden for some people," instead integrating the online experience subtly, with certain online elements like the ghostly figures of other human players adding to the dark mood of the game. When implementing the system of allowing players to leave useful messages, instead of allowing players to write a message, a list of pre-written messages was chosen; not only to make the process quick and easy to use since players cannot pause gameplay, but also was to prevent the system from becoming "a large chat, which detracts from the feel of the world."
Release.
"Demon's Souls" was announced in late 2008 and was only dated for a release in Japan, which would later cover localized versions for other parts of east Asia, including Taiwan, Hong Kong and South Korea. The first release in Japan and Asia on February 5, 2009 was by Sony Computer Entertainment, who did not have any plans to release the game elsewhere. Following the game's Asian release and positive reception, in May Atlus announced plans to publish "Demon's Souls" in North America, promoting the game at the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2009 (E3) before eventually being released in North America on October 7 that year. The North American version runs on separate online servers, with players of that version not being able to interact with people playing on other regional versions. The same applies to saved games and trophy sets; saves from Asian versions will not work with the North American version, and a separate trophy list is installed from the Asian releases, despite the trophy content being identical.
Regarding a possible European release, Eurogamer contacted Atlus USA over the matter where their spokesperson Aram Jabbari gave the statement "I'm not aware of any plans/publishers for bringing the game to Europe at this time. Hopefully the game continues to generate word of mouth and positive critical reception and a European publisher takes notice." Additionally, other publishers known for releasing From Software and Atlus games in Europe like Tecmo Koei and Ubisoft said they had no plans to release "Demon's Souls". On April 16, Namco Bandai Games announced plans to release "Demon's Souls" in Europe, with the limited edition released on June 25, 2010. The same publisher released a second standard edition in Europe on August 6, 2010.
In September 2010, Atlus announced that "Demon's Souls" would be released in North America under the Sony Greatest Hits label with a price cut following strong sales, higher than previously expected by the publisher.
It was announced that "Dark Souls" is not a sequel to "Demon's Souls", but rather a spiritual successor.
Merchandise and other media.
Upon its release in North America, "Demon's Souls" was also released with a Deluxe Edition in a slipcase, along with a 150-page guide book. Prior to the game's release, at the time pre-orders from GameStop for either the standard or Deluxe version included an official soundtrack disc and art book. Some copies of the strategy guide however were reported to have "unusual cover ink wear/fading". Having realized this mistake, Atlus responded by launching a temporary replacement program for defect copies on their official website, along with an apology.
Similarly, a special edition was released in Europe called "Demon's Souls: Black Phantom Edition". Like the North American Deluxe Edition, it contains an art book, soundtrack CD and strategy guide. The strategy guide part of the Black Edition was put together by Namco Bandai Games for no additional production costs with the help of the editors of the fan supported Demon's Souls Wiki hosted by Wikidot, which supported information on each aspect of the game.
Two full sets of armor from the characters Garl Vinland and Biorr of the Twin Fangs were released exclusively in Japan, for use in the PlayStation Home application.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was composed and arranged by Shunsuke Kida. The soundtrack was initially only released in North America, before being included as part of the European release.
Possible Sequel.
While Dark Souls is not a sequel to Demon's Souls, but a spiritual successor, there has been no official announcement of a sequel to Demon's Souls. However, a European retailer listed "Demon's Souls II" on their website as an upcoming title for the PS4 system. When asked about a potential sequel to Demon's Souls, SCE Worldwide Studios president Shuhei Yoshida stated; "That's a great question, but because of the attention that will get, I choose not to answer. But, personally, I love Demon's Souls. I spent hours and hours and hours playing it." He went on to say. "I love the team, I love the game and yeah, I'd really like to see more. But that's all that I will say." Sony has also acquired the rights to the Demon's Souls franchise. Rumors of a sequel to Demon's Souls have been rumored throughout 2013 and continue in 2014. Although some speculation has led to the possibility of a PS4 Demon's Souls port rather than a direct sequel however, neither has been confirmed as of yet.
Reception.
"Demon's Souls" sold 39,966 copies in its first week in Japan, and boosted PlayStation 3 sales in the region. It has sold 134,585 copies in Japan as of December 2009. In North America, "Demon's Souls" debuted at the eleventh place of the October 2009 charts according to NPD Group, with over 150,000 copies sold, selling over 500,000 by September 2010.
Upon its release in Japan, "Demon's Souls" was well received by critics. "Dengeki" scored the game 95/85/85/85, saying that "fans of old-school games will shed tears of joy." "Famitsu" gave it 29 out of 40 (9/7/7/6), with an editor Paint Yamamoto scoring it a 9 and calling it "a game you learn how to play by losing – you'll face sudden death frequently. But! Keep playing... and you'll realize how deep it really is." Another editor, Maria Kichiji, gave it a 6 and found the game to be "far too stoic... it's not a game for everybody."
Upon release in North America, the game received critical acclaim with an average critic score of 89.72% at GameRankings, 89/100 at Metacritic. Despite the game's high difficulty, many reviewers found it to be a positive aspect, making the game more rewarding to play. GameSpot called the high difficulty "fair", saying players will "undoubtedly take a lot of damage until you learn the subtleties of fighting each enemy, but combat feels just right." IGN echoed this view, encouraging players who "can remember the good ol' days when games taught through the highly effective use of negative reinforcement and a heavy price for not playing it carefully should scoop this up instantly." "Game Informer" called it "one of the first truly great Japanese RPGs of this generation, and certainly the most remarkable." "Official U.S. PlayStation Magazine" however, while commending the game overall, said "Demon's Souls" was "best left to the most masochistic, hardcore gamer."
GameZone commented on the online aspect as being "innovative" and "perfectly blended into the game", while Game Revolution felt it "turns a solitary experience into a surprisingly communal one." On the technical and design side Games Radar called it "graphically stunning, too, looking more like the old Ultima games than anything that’s ever come out of Japan," while Game Trailers said the game "nails the dark fantasy look" along with what they considered "music from actual instruments". although they mentioned certain issues with the physics engine being "jittery". Shortly after its North American release, ScrewAttack named "Demon's Souls" as the eighth best PS3 exclusive to date.
Prior to the game's release in Europe, European critics reviewed import copies. Eurogamer called "Demon's Souls" "stoic, uncompromising, difficult to get to know, but also deep, intriguingly disturbed and perversely rewarding" while "Edge" explained their positive view on the difficulty by stating "if gaming’s ultimate appeal lies in the learning and mastering of new skills, then surely the medium’s keenest thrills are to be found in its hardest lessons" concluding "for those who flourish under Demon’s Souls’ strict examination, there’s no greater sense of virtual achievement."
"Demon's Souls" favorable review scores made the fiscal performance of the game unique because of the lack of a supporting marketing campaign. Gaming analyst Jesse Divnich commented ""Demon's Souls" is probably one of the most statistically relevant games released in the gaming world as it helps answer an often asked question: how much would a high quality game sell if it was supported by no mass marketing, released by a little known publisher (no offense to Atlus), and was a new intellectual property." With the critical and commercial success of the game, Sony Computer Entertainment VP of international software Yeonkyung Kim later admitted that it was a "mistake" to pass on the game, instead allowing Atlus to publish it, initially due to concerns over its difficulty and unusual design decisions.
Awards.
In their 2009 Best and Worst Awards, GameSpot awarded "Demon's Souls" with Overall Game of the Year, Best PS3 game, Best Role-Playing game and Best Original Game Mechanic for the online integration. Game Trailers awarded it Best RPG and Best New intellectual property. IGN also awarded the game Best RPG for the PS3. X-Play awarded the multiplayer Best Gameplay Innovation. PC World awarded it Game of the Year. RPGamer awarded "Demon's Souls" RPG of the Year 2009, including Best Graphics and Best PS3 RPG.
In 2011 IGN ranked "Demon's Souls" 100th in their "top 100 modern games" saying that only real players need apply.

</doc>
<doc id="20324959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324959" title="Thallarcha chrysochares">
Thallarcha chrysochares

Thallarcha chrysochares is a species of moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20324975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324975" title="List of members of the fifteenth Knesset">
List of members of the fifteenth Knesset

The 120 members of the fifteenth Knesset were elected on 17 May 1999. The breakdown by party was as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20324989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20324989" title="Slingsby Skylark">
Slingsby Skylark

The Slingsbt T.37 Skylark 1 was a sport sailplane of moderate dimensions, built during 1952-3 at Kirbymoorside, Yorkshire by Slingsby Sailplanes
Design and development.
Fred Slingsby wanted to take a larger slice of the glider market with a small low-cost sailplane with better than average performance. The key to this ethos was smaller aircraft use less materials and modern aerofoil sections could give much better performance. Slingsby appointed John Reussner as draughtsman and designer for the T.37 Skylark. The relatively new five-digit NACA series of aerofoil sections was chosen because they would give low drag over a wide airspeed range ("wide Drag Bucket"). To maintain laminar flow and gain the benefit of the NACA sections it was necessary to build the wings very accurately and ensure that the surface remained true during the life of the aircraft. This was achieved by using the low-density but stiff Gaboon plywood, the leading edge was fashioned from accurately-spindled hollow spruce members with rebates to accept the gaboon ply wing panels extending back to the rear spar, leaving only a small area to be covered with fabric. The fuselage was a simple structure built up from struts and covered with plywood back to the rear of the wing support pylon, and fabric covering over the rear fuselage. Ply-covered tail surfaces and fabric-covered control surfaces completed the airframe. Further weight and cost was saved by not fitting a landing wheel.
History.
The Skylark was successful to a limited degree but it introduced Slingsby to new manufacturing techniques and the vagaries of laminar flow. As with modern gliders any reduction in laminar flow caused a disproportionate increase in drag, reinforcing the need for careful handling, cleaning and polishing, and avoiding rain while flying. Despite the promising performance of the T.37 Skylark the British gliding fraternity convinced Fred Slingsby to modify his thinking and produce gliders with lower wing loadings, through increased span and wing area.

</doc>
<doc id="20325006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325006" title="Korshavn, Denmark">
Korshavn, Denmark

Korshavn is a small natural harbour at the Northern tip of Fyn, Denmark, just South of Fyns Hoved.

</doc>
<doc id="20325032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325032" title="Cryphaea xylina">
Cryphaea xylina

Cryphaea xylina is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20325136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325136" title="Bituriges Vivisci">
Bituriges Vivisci

The Bituriges Vivisci was one of the tribes of Gaul. The tribe's capital was at Burdigala, modern-day Bordeaux
"Bituriges" is often taken to mean "Kings of the World" but whether there was any link to the Bituriges Cubi of the Berry region is not known. According to Strabo their territory was surrounded by that of the Aquitanian people, but the Bituriges Vivisci were not themselves Aquitanian and took no part in their political affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20325140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325140" title="List of preventable causes of death">
List of preventable causes of death

The World Health Organization has traditionally classified death according to the primary type of disease or injury. However, causes of death may also be classified in terms of preventable risk factors—such as smoking, unhealthy diet, and sexual behavior—which contribute to a number of different diseases. Such risk factors are usually not recorded directly on death certificates.λ
Leading causes worldwide.
It is estimated that of the roughly 150,000 people who die each day across the globe, about two thirds—100,000 per day—die of age-related causes. Thus, albeit indirectly, biological aging (senescence) is by far the leading cause of death. Whether senescence as a biological process itself can be slowed down, halted or even reversed, is a subject of current scientific speculation and research.
Leading causes of preventable death worldwide as of the year 2001, according to researchers working with the Disease Control Priorities Network (DCPN) and the World Health Organization (WHO). (The WHO's 2008 statistics show very similar trends.)
In 2001, on average 29,000 children died of preventable causes each day (that is, about 20 deaths per minute). The authors provide the context: 
Leading causes among children worldwide.
Various injuries are the leading cause of death in children 9 – 17 years of age. The top five worldwide unintentional injuries in children are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20325232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325232" title="Jorge Humberto Rodrigues Cunha">
Jorge Humberto Rodrigues Cunha

Jorge Humberto Rodrigues Cunha (born 21 August 1979), known as Humberto, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for SC Valenciano in the Portuguese third division, as a central defender.
Football career.
Born in Vila do Conde, Humberto emerged through local Rio Ave FC's youth system, and made his first division debut on 18 August 1999 in a 1–1 draw against F.C. Porto, as a late substitute.
From 2001 onwards he would spend the following seven years with several clubs, almost all in the second level. He represented Sporting de Braga's reserves, Sporting da Covilhã, A.D. Ovarense and C.D. Santa Clara, serving mostly as a backup.
For the 2008–09 season Humberto returned to the top flight with his first club, but only appeared once in the entire campaign – on 31 August 2008, playing nine minutes in a 1–0 home win against Académica de Coimbra. Released in the ensuing summer he returned to level two, sigining with U.D. Oliveirense.

</doc>
<doc id="20325242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325242" title="Vsevolod Blinkov">
Vsevolod Blinkov

Vsevolod Konstantinovich Blinkov () (born December 10, 1918 in Novonikolayevsk; died September 30, 1987 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player and manager and a bandy player.

</doc>
<doc id="20325272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325272" title="John Langdon Bonython (1905–1992)">
John Langdon Bonython (1905–1992)

John Langdon Bonython AO (13 January 19051992), was a prominent Adelaide businessman.
Summary.
John Langdon Bonython was born on 13 January 1905 in Adelaide, SA, Australia.
He studied at the University of Adelaide, and became a solicitor in 1930.
Chaired Advertiser Newspapers Ltd.
On 18 March 1954, he became the founding Chairman of the first board of directors of Santos Ltd.
On 9 June 1980 he was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia, "in recognition of service to media and to industry".
In 1982 a deep water port facility at Stony Point 20 km north of Whyalla was connected to a 659 km pipeline to Moomba in the Cooper Basin; this facility was named Port Bonython in his honour.
In 1986, the suburb of Bonython in Tuggeranong, Australian Capital Territory was gazetted in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20325297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325297" title="Menachem Mautner">
Menachem Mautner

Menachem (Menny) Mautner is the Daniel Rubinstein Professor of Comparative Civil Law and Jurisprudence at the Tel Aviv University, Faculty of Law and was Dean of the Faculty between the years 2000 and 2002. He obtained a J.S.D. from Yale Law School. Mautner teaches at Tel Aviv University courses in the areas of contract law, law and culture and multiculturalism.
Career.
Mautner was twice visiting professor at Michigan Law School, teaching courses on contract law and commercial transactions; twice visiting professor at NYU Law School, teaching courses on contract law and law and culture - in 1996 he was among the first 20 legal scholars from all over the world appointed by NYU Law School to its Global Law School Program; visiting professor at Cardiff Law School; visiting scholar at Harvard Law School; and visiting professor at Venice International University. He taught at Columbia University Law School in the spring term of 2009.
As a professor at Tel Aviv University Mautner initiated the Law Faculty's "Affirmative Action Program" that was later on adopted by all universities in Israel as part of their admissions programs. He also initiated the "Invitation to Law Program" for teaching law at elementary schools and high schools, particularly at poor communities.
As dean, Mautner led the most far-reaching curriculum change ever undertaken by the faculty, as well as a fourfold expansion of the clinical program of the Faculty. In the course of Mautner's tenure as dean, 8 new members were appointed to the faculty.
In 2007 he was invited to deliver a lecture at the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities.
Mautner was member of the Committee on the Preparation of Israel's New Civil Code (headed by Professor Ahron Barak, President of the Israeli Supreme Court). He headed the Experts Committee on Revision of Israel's Securities Law, Ministry of Justice. He was the Chairperson of the Public Commission on the Rights of Performing Artists, Ministry of Justice.
In 2006 Mautner was elected by the Senate of Tel Aviv University to serve on the Search Committee for electing the new president of the university. At Tel Aviv University, Mautner also headed the Committee on the Establishment of a University Press; he is currently the President of the Disciplinary Tribunal of the Academic Staff; he was member of the Disciplinary Tribunal of Students; he was member of the Central Appointments Committee.
Awards.
Mautner was awarded the "Zeltner Prize for Excellence in the Law" and the Tel Aviv University Rector's Prize for Distinction in Teaching.
Works.
He is the author of "The Decline of Formalism and the Rise of Values in Israeli Law" (1993) – the most cited book on the far-reaching developments that have taken place in Israeli law in the past three decades.
Mautner is the author of "On Legal Education" (2002) – the book that paved the way to the change in the self-perception of Israel's legal academy from one functioning as part of the field of legal practice to an academy working in close interdisciplinary cooperation with other academic disciplines.
His book "Law and Culture" (361 pages) on the application of culture theory to law was published in April 2008 (Bar Ilan University Press).
His book "Law and Culture in Israel at the Threshold of the Twenty-First Century" (591 pages) was published in July 2008 (Tel Aviv University Press and Am-Oved Publishing).
He edited four legal books, including "Multiculturalism in a Democratic and Jewish State" and "Distributive Justice in Israel".
Mautner published over 70 articles and chapters in books in Israel, the United States and Britain (including at the law reviews of Yale and Michigan universities) in the areas of contract law, law and culture and multiculturalism.
His article "'The Eternal Triangles of the Law': Toward a Theory of Priorities in Conflicts Involving Remote Parties", 90 Michigan Law Review 95-154 (1991), substantially influenced the case-law and the scholarship in the area of conflicts over rights in both Israel and the United States.
Lectures.
"How Should a Liberal State Treat Non-Liberal Cultural Groups? The Jurisprudence of Human Rights and the Standard of Human Dignity" in the Lecture Series of the United Nations Audiovisual Library of International Law

</doc>
<doc id="20325322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325322" title="List of UK Albums Chart number ones of the 1970s">
List of UK Albums Chart number ones of the 1970s

The UK Albums Chart is a record chart based on weekly album sales in the United Kingdom; during the 1970s, a total of 148 albums reached number one. In October 1971, "Imagine" by John Lennon and The Plastic Ono Band became the 100th album to top the UK chart; seven years later, "Nightflight to Venus" by Boney M became the 200th album to do so.
Number ones.
By artist.
Five artists spent 20 weeks or more at number one on the albums chart during the 1970s.
By record label.
Eight record labels spent 20 weeks or more at number one on the albums chart during the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20325360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325360" title="Mister International">
Mister International

Mister International is an annual male beauty pageant founded in 2006. It is owned and organized by the Mister Singapore Organization which also organizes the annual Mister Singapore pageant. Since the first edition, 72 countries have sent their representative to this contest, with an annual average of 31 contestants.
League Tables.
By country tally.
Anyone who follows the Olympic Games or other sporting events will be familiar with the concept of the Medal Table, which ranks countries based on their first (gold), second (silver) and third (bronze) place finishes. Below is a similar table of the top rankings for the Mister International, based on all results from the first event in 2006 up to the most recent competition (2013).
As of 2013, 72 countries has joined this pageant, of wich 47 have placed. The following is a list of the 10 best placed countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20325371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325371" title="Phenom II">
Phenom II

Phenom II is a family of AMD's multi-core 45 nm processors using the AMD K10 microarchitecture, succeeding the original Phenom. Advanced Micro Devices released the Socket AM2+ version of Phenom II in December 2008, while Socket AM3 versions with DDR3 support, along with an initial batch of triple- and quad-core processors were released on February 9, 2009. Dual-processor systems require Socket F+ for the Quad FX platform. The next-generation Phenom II X6 was released on April 27, 2010.
The Phenom II X4 operates as the processor component of AMD's Dragon Platform, which also includes the 790 series chipset and Radeon HD 4800 series graphics. The Thuban Phenom II X6 is the CPU in the Leo Platform which also includes the AMD 890 chipset and the Radeon HD 5800 series graphics.
Features.
The Phenom II triples the shared L3 cache size from 2MB (in the original Phenom line) to 6MB, leading to benchmark performance gains as high as 30%. In another change from the original Phenom, Cool'n'Quiet applies to the processor as a whole, rather than on a per-core basis. AMD implemented this to address the mishandling of threads by Windows Vista, which can cause single-threaded applications to run on a core that idles at half its clock rate. This feature can be disabled through BIOS options on most motherboards, which allows for customization and overclocking. Due to the nature of this feature, it reduces the effectiveness of overclocking the CPU and RAM, but also decreases power consumption and heat output.
Socket AM2+ versions of the Phenom II (920, 940) lack forward-compatibility with Socket AM3. Socket AM3 versions of the Phenom II are backwards-compatible with Socket AM2+, though this is contingent on motherboard manufacturers supplying BIOS updates. In addition to the Phenom II's pin compatibility, the AM3 memory controller supports both DDR2 and DDR3 memory (up to DDR2-1066 and DDR3-1333), allowing existing AM2+ users to upgrade their CPU without changing the motherboard or memory. However, similar to the way the original Phenom handled DDR2-1066, current Phenom II platforms limit the usage of DDR3-1333 to one DIMM per channel; otherwise, the DIMMs are under clocked to DDR3-1066.
AMD claims that this behaviour is due to the BIOS, not the memory controller, and plans to address it with a BIOS update. The dual-spec memory controller also gives motherboard manufacturers and system builders the option of pairing AM3 with DDR2, as compared to competing chips from Intel which require DDR3.
"Thuban" and "Zosma" Phenom II processors support AMD's Turbo Core overclocking performance-boost technology. When not all cores are needed, the processor will automatically overclock up to half of the cores by up to 500 MHz, leaving the other half idle. In turn, when the application demands more than half of the cores, the processor will run on standard clock rate and with all cores enabled.
Some top-level AM3 processors (x945 125W, x955 and x965) require a special power-supply feature, often called "dual power-plane". It's supported by default in all native AM3 mainboards, however not in most AM2+ mainboards, even those advertised as "AM3 optimized" or "AM3 ready". Processor running below its nominal speed (i.e. at 800 MHz), clock and multiplier locked are symptoms of this incompatibility. This is caused by the processor itself: when it detects that the motherboard does not supply dual power planes, the chip locks its multiplier to 4x. This issue is not resolvable via a BIOS update; however, users of AM2 and AM2+ motherboards can still use Phenom II processors excluding the 125 watt variants.
Beginning with the AM3 versions, Phenom II CPUs are based on two dies: the original Deneb die with four cores and the new Thuban die with six. These are divided into five series for marketing. The first two series are flagships based on full dies. The other three series are formed from Deneb dies by die harvesting, that is, chips that were produced with some amount of defects. The affected portions of these chips are disabled and the chips themselves marked as a lower-grade product.
Some versions of the Phenom II X2 and X3, however, have no defects in the silicon but one or two cores "deactivated" to enable AMD to target the lower end of its market. As a result, with the correct motherboard and BIOS it is possible to unlock the deactivated core(s) of the processor. However, success is not guaranteed, because in some cases the core(s) may have been deactivated due to faulty silicon. Hardware enthusiast websites have collected and summarized anecdotal reports that, overall, indicate about a 70% success rate, but these reports likely have self-reporting bias, and more importantly, it is impossible to know whether an unlocked core is truly bug-free.
Overclocking.
According to AMD, Black Edition CPUs are "designed to help you unleash the maximum potential of your system with tunable performance." What this means is that the core multiplier is unlocked, allowing for modification of the CPU speed without changing the FSB or HyperTransport. On a non-black edition CPU, the multiplier is only allowed to be lowered. The standard processors allow for overclocking, however not to the point that a Black edition CPU will.
The Phenom II range of CPUs is the first series of AMD CPUs to eliminate the "Cold Bug," which caused a processor to cease functioning below a certain temperature, preventing the use of "extreme" cooling methods such as dry ice, liquid nitrogen or liquid helium.
In a public demonstration of the Phenom II's overclocking potential at CES 2009 in Las Vegas on 10 January 2009, Sami "Macci" Mäkinen (a record-breaking overclocker) used a Phenom II X4 940 and a DFI LANParty 790FXB-M2RS with a combination of liquid nitrogen and liquid helium cooling to take the processor to a clock rate of 6.5 GHz and succeeded in beating the world record 3DMark 2005 score with a total of 45474.
A group named LimitTeam successfully overclocked AMD’s Deneb 45 nm Phenom II X4 955 processor (Black Edition) on April 30, 2009, and submitted the results for validation to CPU-Z. During the process, the group used the Asus M4A79T Deluxe motherboard, dubbed as the Asus “multidimensional performance platform” featuring support for an AMD 140W CPU and the AMD 790FX/SB750 chipset. As a result, the group reached 7.127 GHz, beating the previous score of 6.7 GHz.
Note that these extreme overclocks involve specialized equipment and are nowhere near what the average consumer could expect using traditional air cooling even with expensive third party cooling fans. For instance, maximum overclocking on a Phenom II X4 955 processor using a heatsink and fan is approximately 4 GHz.

</doc>
<doc id="20325385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325385" title="Wetterspitze">
Wetterspitze

Wetterspitze is a German word literally meaning "weather peak". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20325396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325396" title="Nikolai Bobkov">
Nikolai Bobkov

Nikolai Vasilyevich Bobkov () (born November 30, 1940 in Rastorguyevo) is a retired Soviet football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20325420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325420" title="Mark Cawthra">
Mark Cawthra

Mark Cawthra (born 28 April 1961) is a musician and music producer working in the UK. He was born in Bishop Stortford, Hertfordshire.
Biography.
Mark Cawthra's first serious musical activity was in an early (unnamed) music project with schoolfriend Tim Smith (bass guitar) and David Philpot (keyboards), a band in which he was the drummer. The music, a mix of jazz and rock, drew inspiration from the "Canterbury" bands, particularly Egg.
After a period of playing drums with other musicians around Kingston upon Thames, he moved to North Yorkshire and lived there for the whole of 1978. He returned to London in 1979, following an invitation to join Tim and Jim Smith in Cardiac Arrest (replacing Peter Tagg on drums). Other members of the band at this time were Colvin Mayers (keyboards), (later to play with Adrian Borland in The Sound), and Mick Pugh (vocals). The Cardiac Arrest album "The Obvious Identity" was recorded at this time. Subsequently, Cawthra and Tim Smith recorded the band - now renamed Cardiacs - for a number of sessions in a small Surbiton studio. The results became the first Cardiacs album, "Toy World".
Following a short period in 1982 in which he was Cardiacs' keyboard player and percussionist, he left the band, moved to Birmingham and briefly worked with two of the remaining members of the Birmingham band Dangerous Girls, following their split. The line-up, calling itself TAAGA, produced one single, "Friend of Mine", produced by UB40 producer Bob Lamb. 
On returning to London, He worked for the remainder of the 1980s as crew member or live sound engineer, touring with several acts including Immaculate Fools, Its Immaterial, and Then Jerico. He was also Cardiacs front-of-house engineer at this time, and a member the band Grown Ups with William D. Drake (Cardiacs), Elaine Herman, Jon Bastable (The Trudy), Dominic Luckman (Cardiacs) and Craig Fortnam. Five tracks were recorded by this line-up but never released.
From 1988, his work was based in and around Leeds, culminating in the building of a 48-track facility, That Studio. Most recently, he worked with This et al. producing demo material prior to the release of their Baby Machine album. The studio was closed down in 2007.
Today, his work is all studio-based, recording and mixing demos and masters in his own facility, currently relocated to the South West of England. He is also responsible for recording/producing the work of several artists, most recently the first two North Sea Radio Orchestra albums. His mastering credits in addition to the NSRO albums include William D. Drake's second album, "Briny Hooves", as well as releases by Local Girls, the post-Oceansize project British Theatre and Kyham Allami's debut "Resonance/Dissonance", the latter nominated for the 2012 Songlines music award.
He contributed a track and compiled and mastered Leader Of The Starry Skies: A Tribute To Tim Smith, Songbook 1, an album produced to gain funds for Tim Smith and his ongoing care, and raise awareness of his work. His most recent completed project was the first Redbus Noface album "#1 If It Fights The Hammer It will Fight The Knife" which was released on Believer's Roast in the Summer of 2011. He is currently working on the Believers Roast "Exquisite Corpse Game", a collection of contiguous fragments by various artists each of whom has only heard 20 seconds of the previous section. J.G. Thirlwell, Bob Drake and Katherine Blake are among the contributors.
Trivia.
Mark's brother is the guitarist Gypie Mayo.
Cardiacs Rude Bootleg was recorded from the mixing desk by Mark on a scruffy cassette deck in the effects rack at the Reading Festival. The EQ settings on the mixing desk were left behind from the band who had played last on the night before, Saxon and needed little alteration.
Mark may be seen briefly dancing to Cardiacs' "R.E.S" in the Seaside Treats video. He performs several delightful moves whilst wearing a light blue bri-nylon jersey.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20325453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325453" title="Sodium methanethiolate">
Sodium methanethiolate

Sodium methanethiolate or sodium thiomethoxide (CH3SNa, MeSNa) is the sodium conjugate base of methanethiol. This compound is commercially available as a white solid. It is a powerful nucleophile that can be used to prepare methylthioethers. Its hydrolysis in moist air produces methanethiol, which has a low odor threshold and a noxious fecal smell.

</doc>
<doc id="20325476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325476" title="The Complex">
The Complex

The Complex may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20325488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325488" title="Post Graduate Programme for Executives for Visionary Leadership in Manufacturing (PGPEX-VLM)">
Post Graduate Programme for Executives for Visionary Leadership in Manufacturing (PGPEX-VLM)

Post Graduate Program For Executives For Visionary Leadership in Manufacturing (PGPEX-VLM) is a program designed for promising engineers drawn from the manufacturing sector, who have the potential for top management positions. It is a Joint Program of Indian Institute of Management Calcutta (IIMC), Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur (IITK) and Indian Institute of Technology Madras (IITM) and supported by Japanese International Cooperation Agency (JICA). It is one year full-time residential program with 36 weeks classroom interaction, case studies, tutorials, lab sessions, project work at IIMC, IITM and IITK; total of 1032 interaction hours. It also comprises 8 (Eight) weeks internship in industry and 3 (Three) to 4 (Four) weeks industry visits in India and abroad. The aim of the program involves development of leadership and management skills together with cutting edge technology awareness and proficiency.
History.
Since 1991, the Indian economy is being progressively liberalized and its integration to the global economy is deepening. Growth of the manufacturing sector in the country has been recognized as a key thrust area by the Government of India. But with an increasingly competitive environment a need was felt to create a critical mass of visionary leaders to steer the manufacturing sector into the new era of excellence.
Hence, VLMP was developed by the National Manufacturing Competitiveness Council in collaboration with Ministry of HRD, IITs, IIMs and CII as a flagship program to develop Leaders in Manufacturing under the Indo-Japan Cooperation Agreement, signed by Honb’le Dr. Manmohan Singh, Prime Minister of India and His Excellency Mr. Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan, in December 2006. The Government of Japan had also agreed to extend cooperation to facilitate transfer of Japanese expertise and encourage visits to manufacturing centres of excellence in Japan so as to expose the budding leaders to the pioneers of manufacturing technology, adding a global perspective to the entire effort. The program was structured under the guidance of Professor Shoji Shiba, a renowned international expert in the manufacturing sector and a recipient of the Deming Prize. Prof. Shiba has been associated for more than a decade with the very successful Leaders for Global Operations (LGO), erstwhile LFM, at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), USA.
Since 2007, the program has crafted an array of visionary leaders who have marked their presence in industry, upholding the broad principles of the VLFM community.
Degree.
A diploma will be awarded jointly by IIMC, IITK and IITM. The diploma conferred is titled "Post Graduate Diploma in Management for Executives in Manufacturing (PGDM for Executives in Manufacturing). This is equivalent to other PGDM degrees offered by all premier institutes in India.
Eligibility Criteria.
Education.
A First‐Class Graduate Engineers with First Division/ First Class Marks from SLC/ Madhyamik
Work Experience.
Self sponsored candidates, not in service. ‐ Minimum 4 1⁄2 (four and half) to maximum 10 (ten) years of work experience in manufacturing, engineering and related sector; holding responsibilities in production planning and control, research, design and development, quality control, plant engineering, maintenance, supply chain, construction etc. Sponsored candidates and candidates on study leave need to have minimum 41⁄2 (four and half) years work experience only. In these cases, there is no upper limit of experience.
Selection process.
Selection of the candidates will be made on the basis of 
Institute also welcomes GMAT score to substantiate academic credence.
Course Structure and Content.
The program unfolds in 8 terms through more than 1030 classroom contact hours, spread across 3 campuses during the 12 month period. It starts with an “Ice breaking session and Breakthrough Management” in IIM-Calcutta with a thrust on the "Big Picture" perspective. The primary focus lies on how to build a strategy based on core competencies and then to integrate an organization to execute this strategy and achieve the desired outcome.
The next two terms impart management knowledge in diverse areas ranging from Business Strategy, Marketing, Finance, Operations, People Management and Global Business scenario. Various modules on Supply Chain Management, Customer-centric approach, Lean methodologies, New Product Design & Development, SAP ERP, ISO 9001: Auditor training and some high-end technology related courses like Advanced Materials, Robotics, Ergonomics are being taught in IIT-Kanpur and IIT-Madras campuses. The final term at IIM-Calcutta puts special emphasis on Leadership and Change Management with key focus on building an Entrepreneurial and Innovative culture. The terms also stress on the needs and nuances of Ethics and Ethical behavior for today’s managers who compete a rapidly globalizing world.
Learning Methods.
The program’s learning methods are an assortment of regular class discussions, case studies, group work, live presentations and action-learning opportunities like management games and short consultancy assignments. A significant proportion of the program is undertaken in teams to further enhance the dynamic learning experience.
Japan East Asia Network of Exchange for Students and Youths.
“Japan East Asia Network of Exchange for Students and Youths“ aka JENESYS, a multi-million dollar initiative by the Japanese Government, created to promote solidarity among young generation of Asian countries. This unique opportunity to spend 10 days and experience the social life of the Japan brings the students closer to the Japanese culture. They experience both the urban and rural life and participate in various traditional activities like tea ceremony, ikebana and shamisen concert. The journey also includes a two day Home Stay with a Japanese family in one of the many prefectures.
Tsunami Restoration Work
Parts of Japan saw the devastating effects of Tsunami in 2011. Rikuzentakata was reported to have been "wiped off the map" by the tsunami following the Tohoku earthquake. The town's tsunami shelters were designed for a wave of three to four metres in height, but the tsunami of March 2011 created a wave 13 metres high which inundated the designated safe locations. Although the town was well prepared for earthquakes and tsunamis and had a 6.5 metre high seawall, it was not enough and more than 80% of 8,000 houses were swept away. Through the JENESYS programme the VLM students had the opportunity to visit the site at Rikuzentakata, where they supported the Tsunami restoration work.
References.
1. IIM-Calcutta’s one-year programme for executives http://www.hindu.com/thehindu/edu/2008/03/31/stories/2008033150210400.htm
2. Visionary Leaders for Manufacturing Programme, National Manufacturing Competitiveness Council http://nmcc.nic.in/VLMP.aspx
3. Visionary Leaders For Manufacturing Program (VLFM Program), Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) http://www.jica.go.jp/india/english/activities/activity19.html
4. VLM students visit Japan as study tour http://www.rangdeindia.jp/detailnews/sitenews/indojapan/vlm-students-visit-japan-as-study-tour/32352

</doc>
<doc id="20325528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325528" title="Franzbrötchen">
Franzbrötchen

A Franzbrötchen () is a small, sweet pastry, baked with butter and cinnamon. Sometimes other ingredients are used as well, such as chocolate or raisins. It is a type of pastry commonly found in northern Germany, especially Hamburg, and it is usually served for breakfast, but is also enjoyed along with coffee and cake. As its name indicates, the Franzbrötchen was probably inspired by French pastries. Originally, it could be found only in the region of Hamburg, but now Franzbrötchen are also sold in Bremen, Berlin and other German cities.
Preparation.
The ingredients of the dough include flour, butter, yeast, milk, sugar, and a pinch of salt. The filling is a mixture of sugar and cinnamon. Several times in succession, the dough is folded and rolled out thinly, and coated with butter. As soon as the dough is sufficiently outstretched to a filmy layer, it is moistened with a little water, sprinkled with a melange of sugar and cinnamon and finally rolled up. In order to provide the filled dough roll with the typical shape of a Franzbrötchen, it has to be cut into slices, each about four centimetres thick. Afterwards, the pieces are pressed together in the middle of the cut faces with the handle of a wooden spoon, which causes the filling to ooze out sideways. On baking, the yeast dough rises and the melange of sugar and cinnamon is slightly caramelized on the outside of the layers. Due to the butter and the caramelized sugar, the Franzbrötchen is often a little sticky. Variants of the Franzbrötchen may contain raisins, seeds, chocolate sprinkles or pumpkin seeds.
Origin.
The Franzbrötchen was probably named in the style of the French (German 'französisch') model, the croissant, which is also made of pastry and became popular in Germany after Napoleon's troops had occupied Hamburg between 1806 and 1814. According to a different historical tradition, they produced a longish Franzbrot (German for 'French bread') which resembled the baguette. Legend has it, that a baker in Hamburg had once seared such a Franzbrot in a pan of fat, which is considered the origin of the contemporary Franzbrötchen.

</doc>
<doc id="20325540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325540" title="Anthony Powers">
Anthony Powers

Anthony Powers (born 13 March 1953) is a British composer of classical music.
Life.
Born in London, England, he took private tuition with Elisabeth Lutyens and Harrison Birtwistle between 1969 and 1971, and also with Nadia Boulanger in Paris from 1972 to 1973. Between 1973 and 1976 he went to the University of York, where he studied with David Blake and Bernard Rands (a pupil of Boulez and Berio), to obtain a DPhil in Composition. He went on to teach at Dartington College of Arts for two years and then went on to become composer-in-residence at Southern Arts. In 1987 he moved on to teach at Cardiff University, where he became composer-in-residence in 1990 and was Professor of Composition from 2004 until 2010. He was Chairman of the Association of Professional Composers between 1995 and 1997.
Powers has received a number of high profile commissions (for example, from the BBC and the Three Choirs Festival Society, amongst others) and his works have been performed both in Britain and abroad.
Music.
Powers has written over sixty works, including four string quartets, two symphonies, a cello concerto, a horn concerto, as well as many choral and chamber works. He displays a vast array of influences in his output - from the Black Mountains to 16th/17th-century Italian gardens, from Monteverdi to William Walton. He has done settings of texts by Wordsworth, Lawrence Durrell, Shelley, Baudelaire, Philip Larkin and many others.
Below is a summary of some of his key works:
Orchestral works.
Stone, Water, Stars (1987), commissioned for the BBC Symphony Orchestra, is the third part of a trilogy inspired by the ambiance and architecture of Venice. The other two works that belong to this trilogy are the "Chamber Concerto" (1983/4) and "Venexiana" (1985). Powers quotes melodic ideas from both the "Chamber Concerto" and "Venexiana" in "Stone, Water, Stars", so the trilogy is linked in both theme and material.
Powers explains that, in this piece, he ‘used the proportions, borrowed from renaissance architecture and Leonardo's studies of the human form, to govern some other aspects of the music from large shapes to the smallest rhythmic details.’ 
The 'Cello Concerto (1990) was commissioned for the King's Lynn Festival, specifically written for the 'cellist Stephen Isserlis and dedicated to the Artistic Adviser of the King's Lynn Festival, Meirion Bowen. The concerto is in three movements: I. Molto Moderato, II. Allegro molto, leggiero ma energico and III. Adagio - two slow movements surrounding a faster middle movement. One important aspect of the "Cello Concerto" is the prominence of the piano (alongside the 'cello) as can be heard in the opening passage of the work. Material heard at first upon one instrument returns later in the piece, elaborated and morphed, on the other. Another important feature of the work is its lyricism. Although some of the writing for the soloist and orchestra is at times quite turbulent, a number of critics have commented on the "reflective" nature of the piece.
The Horn Concerto (1989) was written for the horn player Michael Thompson. It is both similar and different to the "Cello Concerto". Unlike, the "Cello Concerto", the "Horn Concerto" is in only two movements ('Madrigals of Love and War' and 'Winter Journeys'), but the overall thematic shape is very similar, whereby, in the words of John Warnaby, 'an element of conflict is gradually superseded by affirmative lyricism' . Of the Second Movement, Powers comments, 'The soloist leads the orchestra from desolation towards a new and serene prospect and an exuberant close where the music which was extinguished by the first orchestral outburst of the work is now secure and confident.' . A notable aspect of the "Horn Concerto" is that it was, to some extent, influenced by Powers visits to Czechoslovakia in 1986 and 1988. Powers explains that; ‘The concerto seemed to be, on one level at least, a history, in music, of Czechoslovakia from 1968 to 1989.’ 
Anthony Powers' First Symphony was written between 1994 and 1996. He points out in the programme notes that he did not necessarily set out to write a symphony but as he continued his work, that is what it was appearing to become. In the programme notes to the work, Powers speaks of working with the "friendly ghosts of the symphonic tradition". In this work he uses abstract and modern material in a traditional form. Like a lot of his works, the Symphony is a fight between light and dark. Different families of the orchestra wrestle with each other for supremacy in the overall sound, sometimes resorting to violent themes; at others, resorting to lyricism. The symphony has had a number of good reviews. Andrew Burn writes of how this symphony demonstrates Powers' 'mastery of extended large-scale structures'. Nicholas Jones, too, comments on this, writing about the 'evident assuredness of Powers's handling of the symphonic genre'. Nicholas Jones also compliments Power's 'wonderful' orchestration.
Vocal/Choral works.
A Picture of the World (2001) was commissioned by the BBC and is a setting of Ludwig Wittgenstein's Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus. Powers' mentor Elisabeth Lutyens also set this text in her motet, "Excerpta Tractatus". However, Powers points out that the reason he picked the text was not because of Lutyens, but because of the interest he had in the text - he felt it was complex and had been misinterpreted. In his article in "The Guardian", Harry Eyres points out the strange instrumentation of the piece, which utilises unaccompanied choir, counter-tenor and clarinet. Powers explains that he uses a counter-tenor because 'Wittgenstein had an unusually high speaking voice' and the solo counter-tenor and clarinet act as the voice of the philosopher, supported by the unaccompanied choir. 
Powers has written a number of works which utilise an unaccompanied choir. For example Lullaby (1991) and Lullo by Lollo (1993) were both written for unaccompanied SATB choir and also O Magnum Mysterium (1995), which was written for unaccompanied SSAATTBB choir.
Airs and Angels (2003) was commissioned by the Three Choirs Festival Society for the Three Choirs Festival held in Hereford in 2003. It was heard at the festival alongside works by great British composers such as Parry and Elgar. "Airs and Angels" is a setting of seven of John Donne’s (1572–1631) poems, scored for soprano, baritone, SATB chorus and orchestra (with the orchestra including an electric guitar and a bass guitar). At the work’s centre lies the ‘dark and intense’ setting of 'A Nocturnal Upon St. Lucy’s Day' and the surrounding settings move towards and away from this central darkness. In the programme notes to the work Powers discusses Donne’s language as being ‘stunning in its immediacy, suggestive in its ambiguity and often surprising in its modernity... even if at times his imagery is knotty and 'difficult'.’ Powers goes onto pontificate on whether ‘music, with its greater expressive range, its forms unfolding in time, can help to explain such language.’ 
From Station Island (2003) is a setting of Seamus Heaney's set of poems entitled "Station Island". The work is scored for male speaker, baritone, flute (inc. piccolo and alto flute), clarinet, percussion, harp, violin, and 'cello. "Station Island" consists of twelve "substantial" poems, which Powers had to abridge. He reduced the number of poems to nine and cut each of those down to suit his purposes. As in "Another Part of the Island" (see below), certain instrumental parts take on certain personas. "Station Island" is can be seen as autobiographical so Powers assigns the male speaker the "role" of the poet and the baritone acts as 'the numerous characters from past and present whom the poet meets'. At the West Cork Music Festival in Ireland in June 2005, the work received its Irish premiere and the male speaker role was performed by Seamus Heaney himself.
Chamber works.
Another Part of the Island (1980, revised in 1994) is a chamber work in four movements written for flute (including an alto flute and a piccolo), clarinet, piano, percussion, violin and 'cello. The premiere of this work was performed at the Queen Elizabeth Hall, London in May 1982 and it was conducted by John Carewe. The island referred to in the title is the imaginary island that appears in Shakespeare's "The Tempest". Powers points out that although the piece is not "programme music", the instruments can be seen as playing characters from the play - the 'cello as the part of Prospero; the flute, that of Ariel; the clarinet as Caliban and the violin plays the role of Miranda.
His chamber works include a number of solo works, for example:
Other chamber works include his four string quartets (1987, 1991, 1999, 2005), as well as works such as the early "Nymphéas" (1983); the wind quintet, "Capricci"; "In Shadow" (1989), for oboe and piano; "In Sunlight" (1993) for violin and piano and "Fast Colours" (1997) for flute, clarinet, piano, violin and cello.
Keyboard works.
Powers has written a number of works for piano, including "Flyer" (for two pianos) (2004), "Piano Sonata No. 1" (1983), "Piano Sonata No. 2" (1986) and "Sensing" (2003). However, the best known of his piano works is "The Memory Room" (1990/1). 
The Memory Room is a work for solo piano that lasts for around seventeen minutes which was written for, and dedicated to, William Howard. Howard premiered the piece at the Lichfield Festival on 10 July 1992. "The Memory Room" is not a large-scale work, as the two previous Piano Sonatas were, but rather it consists of sixteen short 'pieces':
In the programme notes to the piece Powers writes that 'the music evokes, and alludes to, a wide variety of keyboard styles from the 16th to the 20th centuries, from classical to rock.' A critic writing in "The Musical Times" points out that Powers integrates these keyboard styles into his own style so effectively that 'they are mere ghosts or shadows of their former selves'. The critic, personally, finds traces of Bach, Debussy, Chopin and even a bit of boogie-woogie, but he also points out that the ghostly references could well be missed or bring other memories to audience members.
In 2003, Powers wrote a second piece for Howard, entitled "Vista", and Powers explains that "Vista" was the first piece in a planned sequence of pieces all reflecting on or interpreting 'aspects of Italian renaissance and baroque gardens.' 

</doc>
<doc id="20325560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325560" title="Tom Hungerford">
Tom Hungerford

Thomas Arthur Guy Hungerford, AM (5 May 191519 June 2011), popularly known as T. A. G. Hungerford, was an Australian writer, noted for his World War II novel "The Ridge and the River", and his short stories that chronicle growing up in South Perth, Western Australia during the Great Depression.
Early life.
Hungerford was born in Perth, Western Australia on 5 May 1915. He grew up in South Perth, known then as the Queen Suburb, when the area was semi-rural, with market gardens.
World War Two.
Hungerford served with the Australian Army in Darwin, New Guinea, Bougainville, Morotai and with the Occupation Forces in Japan. He was a sergeant in 2/8 Australian Commando Squadron.
In 2005 the ABC's "7.30 Report" reported his "unflinching depictions of jungle fighting are acknowledged as some of the best writing to come out of the war". Hungerford told the program he wasn't a hero: "I was one of a group of men all doing the same bloody thing. Sticking the head up, hoping to Christ it wouldn't be shot off." He left the army in 1947.
Journalism.
After the war, Hungerford was a press secretary for Billy Hughes for three weeks. Upon leaving Hungerford wrote to Hughes: "I will never work for you again. I'd rather go to bed with a sabre-toothed tiger". He then joined the Australia News and Information Bureau, and afterwards was a freelancer. He later worked as a press secretary to Western Australian Premiers John Tonkin and Sir Charles Court.
Writing.
Hungerford began writing as a teenager and had his first published short story in 1942 in the "Sydney Bulletin". His first volume of short fiction, "Stories from Suburban Road", depict life during the Great Depression in the Perth riverside suburb of South Perth.
Novels.
"Sowers in the Wind", was held back by publisher Angus & Robertson because it dealt with the economic and sexual exploitation of the Japanese after the War by Australian occupation forces. The novel won the 1949 "Sydney Morning Herald" prize for literature but was not published until 1954. 
Monash University's Robin Gerster told "The Age" in 2002: "Hungerford... wrote very perceptively and affectionately about the Japanese, which is not a bad effort for someone who fought them."
Prizes and other honours.
Hungerford won the Crouch Gold Medal for Literature (1951), the Patricia Hackett Short Story prize (1962), the WA Weekly Literature Prize for Fiction (1964), and the Patrick White Award (2002). 
He was made a Member of the Order of Australia in 1987. A portrait of him, c.1963, by Kate O'Connor is in the National Library of Australia. In 2004, he was pronounced a Living Treasure of Western Australia by the Western Australian Government Michael Crouch,s biography of Hungerford is called "Literary Larrikin"
The T. A. G. Hungerford Award is named for him and is awarded every two years to an unpublished author in Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20325593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325593" title="The Hut Group">
The Hut Group

The Hut Group is a ‘multi-category, multi-website’ specialist on-line retailer and brand owner, selling high repeat purchase goods direct to consumers across the Lifestyle and Prestige sectors. It concentrates on: sports nutrition and vitamins, cycling and endurance, health and beauty, weight management, and clothing and accessories.
In June 2011, the Group launched a new division (named Technology Services) providing business software and ecommerce platform services. 
The Hut Group launched its first website in 2004 and focuses on Lifestyle and Health and Beauty product categories. The Group has entered markets which share the characteristics: non-perishables, high repeat purchases, one-man delivery, and low levels of customer returned products.
The Group’s proprietary technology platform is central to the business model.
Awards.
In September 2009 The Hut Group topped the Tech Track 100 list of fastest growing technology companies in the United Kingdom. In 2007 and 2008 The Hut Group topped the table for North West England, whilst rising steadily through the national table.
In November 2008, the Hut Group won the Bank of Scotland North West Entrepreneur Challenge, with the prize of a £5 million interest free loan. On 5 February 2009, the company was voted the United Kingdom's best entrepreneur after beating the other regional finalists.
In April 2013, Mybag.com, the Hut Group's footwear store won the Draper's Footwear and/or Accessories Etailer of the Year.
Product range.
The Hut Group portfolio of websites sells a wide range of products within, Fashion, Health & Beauty, Entertainment, Sports Nutrition, Cycling, Weight Management, Gifting, Electronics and more.

</doc>
<doc id="20325604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325604" title="Lassana Diallo">
Lassana Diallo

Ibrahima Lassana Diallo (born June 24, 1984 in Bamako) is a Malian football player who playing for Djoliba Athletic Club.
Career.
Diallo began his career by Djoliba Athletic Club before 2003 moved to LB Châteauroux, in 2006 turned back to Mali and signs a contract by Stade Malien. In August 2007 went on trial with Algerian club MC Alger but did not do enough to impress the coach.
International career.
Diallo was part of the Mali U-17 team who finish third in group stage of 2001 FIFA U-17 World Championship. He played his first game for the first team from Mali on 9 July 2007 against Sierra Leone national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20325610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325610" title="Mr. International">
Mr. International

Mr. International a male pageant, organized by Graviera, a men's clothing company in India began in 1997 and was held annually in India until 2003, when it was staged in London. It is not been held since then.
Entries have been cross-referenced with their participation in Manhunt, Mr. Intercontinental and Mister World pageants.

</doc>
<doc id="20325615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325615" title="Freidoune Sahebjam">
Freidoune Sahebjam

Freidoune Sahebjam (Persian: ) (1933–2008) was a French-Iranian journalist, war correspondent, and novelist who resided in Neuilly-sur-Seine in France.
He gained international recognition for his novel "La Femme Lapidée", in 1990, about Soraya Manutchehri, which was translated 4 years later as "The Stoning of Soraya M.: A True Story". The book became the basis for screenplay of the 2008 film "The Stoning of Soraya M.", in which American actor James Caviezel portrays Sahebjam. 
Sahebjam was a well appreciated journalist on French LCI channel and in French newspapers such as "Le Monde" and "Le Telegramme".
Sahebjam was the first journalist to report on the crimes of the Islamic Republic of Iran against the Bahá'í Faith community in Iran, and the illegal use of children in the Iranian Army during the eight-year Iran–Iraq War. According to Darius Kadivar, Reports for which he had received death threats by Islamists. Sahebjam's latest article was about the Iraq war for the French daily "Le Telegraph", where he had recently visited. 
He had recently written a biography on his mother, an aristocrat of Qajar heritage, entitled "Une Princesse Persane". He died on Wednesday, March 26, 2008, at the age of 75. The cause of death was not reported.

</doc>
<doc id="20325663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325663" title="Goomburra railway line">
Goomburra railway line

The Goomburra railway line was a branch railway in the Southern Downs region of Queensland, Australia. 
Construction of the Southern Line from Toowoomba to Warwick brought it as far as Dalrymple Creek near Allora in 1869. At that time, Allora was the largest settlement in the region but the line ran about five kilometres to its west and the then terminus was renamed Hendon in the 1870s. A line from Hendon to Allora was surveyed in 1884 but the local residents pushed for connection to a proposed direct link (Via Recta) between Brisbane and Warwick. The latter link did not materialise but a line running the short distance from Hendon to Allora was constructed and opened on 21 April 1897.
Up to four trains daily connected via Kates with the main line services at Hendon. 
After development of land to the east of Allora, moves were afoot to extend the line about 20 kilometres to Goomburra. Approved in 1910, construction of the extension commenced in 1911 and opened on 8 July 1912. Stops were located at Kital, Berat and Kunda. The Goomburra extension was constructed from a point a short distance down from Allora station, turning Allora station and yard into a short spur. Traffic from Allora to Goomburra or vice versa was required to perform a back shunt.
In addition to passenger traffic, freight carried on the Goomburra line included dairy products, timber and seasonal grain but its justification did not last.
The section of the line beyond Allora was closed on 30 June 1961 due to increasing competition from road transport. Service on the Hendon to Allora section was suspended in 1995.
The Hendon to Allora section is now owned by the Southern Downs Steam Railway, a rail heritage organisation based in Warwick which intends to run tourist steam trains on this section.

</doc>
<doc id="20325674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325674" title="Escola de Pós-Graduação em Economia">
Escola de Pós-Graduação em Economia

The Escola de Pós-Graduação em Economia (EPGE, "Graduate School of Economics") is a Brazilian private higher education institution, founded in 1960 and linked to the Fundação Getúlio Vargas. It was established with the name Centro de Aperfeiçoamento de Economistas ("Economist Improvement Center" – CAE), where bachelors of Economics prepared to take master's and doctoral programs abroad. In January, 1966, CAE became known as EPGE, with the introduction of its master’s graduate program. Eight years later, in 1974, the Doctoral program was created. 
EPGE has been given the highest grade assigned by the Ministry of Education’s Higher Learning Personnel Development Coordination (CAPES) to graduate Economics programs in Brazil. 
The Graduate School of Economics of Getulio Vargas Foundation.
The mission of the Getulio Vargas Foundation Graduate School of Economics (FGV/EPGE) is enlarging human knowledge and contributing to solving the worlds - Brazil's in particular - economic and socioeconomic problems. The School pursues such objectives by trying to offer the highest possible level of education backed by state-of-the-art faculty research.
Since its inception, in 1961, the FGV/EPGE has taught the elite of Brazilian economists. Through its faculty and alumni, it has added to the conduction of macro and microeconomic policies aimed at fighting poverty, taming inflation and enhancing economic development. Faculty publications in top professional journals, mostly after the mid-90's, have been frequent and always increasing. Faculty members are devoted to full-time research and invited to teach and present the results of their scientific investigations in the best departments of business and economics around the world.
The School confers Undergraduate, Master and Doctoral degrees in Economics. It also publishes the Revista Brasileira de Economia, the oldest and most prestigious academic economic periodic in Brazil.
After 50 years dedicated to its main objectives, as described above, it is fair to say that EPGE has so far fulfilled its predicted mission. FGV/EPGE has graduated several high-office public officials, including Ministers of State; Governors of States; Presidents and Directors of the Brazilian Central Bank, as well as directors and CEOs of the most dominant and prestigious private enterprises in Brazil and abroad.
Academically, the Tilburg International Ranking of Departments of Economics ranks FGV/EPGE since 2011 as the best school of Economics in Latin America. Moreover, 2011 reports from the Brazilian Ministry of Education have elected both the undergraduate and the post-graduate programs of FGV/EPGE as the best ones offered in Brazil.
Stricto Sensu Graduate Programs.
The school offers three strict graduate programs: doctor of Economics, master of Economics and master of Finance and Business Economics. The two former are strictly academic, and the latter is professional. 
The master of Economics program aims students interested in applied education in Economics. The course is intended for students who plan to dedicate to academia, as well as for private and public sector professionals. A doctorate is an extension of the master's program, with new topics incorporated and higher demand levels.
The Master of Finance and Business Economics program was launched in 2002. Its target audience lies in private and public sector managers. MFEE can be taken in parallel with the performance of professional tasks.
Undergraduate and Lato Sensu Graduate Programs.
EPGE launched its undergraduate Economics program since 2002, through the Brazilian School of Economics and Finance. This program teaches some basic knowledge of Human and Social Sciences.
In addition to these courses, EPGE also takes part in broad graduate programs in cooperation with the FGV Educational Development Institute. Also known as specialization courses, these programs is intended so develop skills in the areas of Administration, Marketing, Management and Logistics, Finance, Quality, Law, and Sales.

</doc>
<doc id="20325692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325692" title="Join the Impact">
Join the Impact

Join the Impact is an American LGBT political movement in support of gay rights which rapidly developed a national coalition after the passage of Proposition 8 in California. The website for the group was established November, 7th, 2008 after founders Amy Balliett and Willow Witte decided to utilize a website to try to galvanize attention for the cause. The level of success the two women had orchestrating a nationwide protest only a week later, may have benefited from the recent historical success the Obama campaign had with the medium.
Join the Impact held November 15, 2008 anti-Proposition 8 protests against the California State proposition in every state in the U.S. The group's website claims that hundreds of thousands of protesters gathered that day with as many as 10,000 in NYC alone.
Facebook played a pivotal role in organizing, allowing headquarters for events to form, and communicate with participants locally. Additionally, the use of sites like Facebook prevented the website failures that happened early on due to the high numbers of users accessing the site. Despite given larger and larger server for free from Hostdango the site continued to crash. Wetpaint, a free website wiki community, offered to allow the group to develop a site page for each state.
Not long after the Wetpaint website became online, another site powered by Wetpaint was created in opposition of the site. The site, ProtectMarriage.wetpaint.com, encourages people to join protests against same-sex marriage.
Join the Impact has organized the National Day of Protest on November 15, 2008. The protest took place in over 400 cities in every state in the country and in ten countries around the world. The protest was attended by an estimated one million people worldwide. Join the Impact also helped organize Day Without a Gay on December 10, 2008. The event encouraged same sex marriage supporters to call in to work "gay" and do community service in their communities. Also many participated in an economic boycott that day by not spending any money. On December 20, 2008 Join the Impact organized Light Up The Night For Equality and the National LGBT Food Drive for Equality in cities across the country. Candlelight vigils were held in commercial centers and shopping malls in remembrance of the 18,000 same sex marriages performed in California between June and November 2008. An estimated one million people were educated about five rights not afforded to one in ten citizens simply because they are gay. The event garnered national attention, even the attention of the Fred Phelps clan of GodHatesFags.com, who held a counter protest at the Light Up the Night for Equality vigil in Chicago, IL. The event had pre and post event promotion from Equality California,The Human Rights Campaign, Courage Campaign, Marriage Equality USA MEUSA, LOGO,365Gay.com, Students for Equality, LezGetReal, and many other amazing organizations and groups.
There was a National DOMA Protest on January 10, 2009. The protest brought together signatures on a letter to President-Elect Barack Obama about his promises to the LGBT community. The signatures and letters are planned to be delivered to President Obama by Amy Balliett and Join the Impact on January 21, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20325708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325708" title="Addicted to Company (Part One)">
Addicted to Company (Part One)

Addicted to Company is the third album by Irish singer Paddy Casey. It was released in Ireland on September 7, 2007, and in the US on April 1, 2008, by the Victor Records label.
Track listing.
All tracks by Paddy Casey

</doc>
<doc id="20325759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325759" title="Conestoga Public Schools">
Conestoga Public Schools

Conestoga Public Schools is a consolidated school district located in southeast Nebraska serving the communities of Murray, Beaver Lake, Union, Lake Waconda, and Nehawka, and throughout rural Cass County. The district serves approximately 600 students in pre-kindergarten through twelfth grades at two schools, Conestoga Elementary and Conestoga Junior/Senior High School.
In 2006, the district moved from a traditional five-day school week to a four-day week in order to trim its budget deficit. Administrators found the move created $100,000 in annual savings. That outcome prompted Iowa lawmakers to consider allowing their local districts to make the same move in November 2008. In early 2008, the district paid off $1.5 million of operating debt. The district closed Nehawka Middle School, combined its junior and senior high buildings, eliminated 13 staff positions and switched to a four-day school week.

</doc>
<doc id="20325782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325782" title="Henri-Léon Gréber">
Henri-Léon Gréber

Henri-Léon Greber (1855–1941) was a French sculptor. His son was the architect Jacques Gréber. Active in the United States of America, he produced a fountain sculpture of 4 equestrian statues for Harbor Hill in 1910, (restored in 1957 and installed at Mill Creek Park, adjacent to the Country Club Plaza in Kansas City, Missouri) and the copy of "The Kiss" in the Philadelphia Rodin Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20325793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325793" title="Beaver Flat, Saskatchewan">
Beaver Flat, Saskatchewan

Beaver Flat is a resort village in the Rural Municipality of Excelsior No. 166 in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20325850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325850" title="Crystal Hill, Saskatchewan">
Crystal Hill, Saskatchewan

Crystal Hill is a hamlet in the Rural Municipality of Elmsthorpe No. 100 in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20325854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325854" title="James Helme Sutcliffe">
James Helme Sutcliffe

James Helme Sutcliffe (born November 26, 1929 in Suzhou China; died December 11, 2000 in Berlin) was an American composer and music critic.
Biography.
Born in 1929 in Suzhou, China, James Helme Sutcliffe escaped in 1941 after the Japanese attack on China with his parents to Australia. He received his first musical education (piano, viola and music theory) at Geelong College from George Logie-Smith and later at Melbourne University Conservatorium of Music from Roy Shepherd.
After moving to the United States he studied piano and composition at Juilliard School in New York (Bachelor of Science Degree in May 1953) and at Eastman School of Music.
For four years he taught at Duquesne University in Pittsburgh and went then to Europe where he continued his studies as répétiteur at the Schauspielhaus Zürich, in Bayreuth and in Köln (Cologne).
Since 1963 he lived in Berlin and worked among his activities as composer, teacher for piano, composition and music theory foremost as a music critic for the International Herald Tribune as soon as for many important opera magazines like Opera Magazine, Opera News, Opera Canada, Musical America and Opernwelt.
His works were performed by musicians like Steven Isserlis and Wolfgang Boettcher.
His "Academic Festival March", is the alma mater of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. Dr. Loy Witherspoon, professor of religious studies, commissioned the March in 1965 when he learned that Charlotte College would become a campus in the University of North Carolina system. The March was first performed in 1967 at the installation of Dean W. Colvard as UNC Charlotte's first chancellor. Afterwards, it was performed as a recessional at every Commencement during Dean W. Colvard's as chancellor. When UNC Charlotte founder Bonnie Cone heard the March, she said, "I can hear an alma mater in it," referring to a hymn-like refrain. Dr. Robert Rieke, a professor of history, also heard an alma mater in it.
On a 1990 trip to Germany, Rieke visited Sutcliffe, picked up a recording of the March, and began writing words to fit the final refrain. On Christmas Eve 1991, he sent Bonnie Cone the words and music as a Christmas present to her and to the university, from which he had retired a year earlier.
Chancellor James. H. Woodward approved the composition as the university's Alma Mater in April 1992. It was sung for the first time at the following May Commencement and has been performed at every Commencement since.
Works (Selection).
Sutcliffe also produced many arrangements of folk songs and Christmas carols for several instruments and voices. His works were published by Boosey and Hawkes in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20325855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325855" title="Regis Philbin">
Regis Philbin

Regis Philbin (; born August 25, 1931) is an American media personality, actor and singer, known for hosting talk and game shows since the 1960s. Sometimes called (alternatively attributed to James Brown) "the hardest working man in show business", he holds the Guinness World Record for the most time spent in front of a television camera. His trademarks include his excited manner, his Bronx accent, his wit, and irreverent ad-libs. 
Philbin is most widely known as the host of the New York City-based nationally syndicated talk show "Live! with Regis and Kathie Lee" starting in 1988, which became "Live! with Regis and Kelly" starting in 2001 and continued until Philbin's departure in 2011. 
Philbin has also hosted "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire", "Million Dollar Password", and the first season of "America's Got Talent". 
Since August 2013, Philbin has hosted "Crowd Goes Wild", a daily sports talk show on Fox Sports 1.
Early life and career.
Regis Francis Xavier Philbin was born in the Bronx, New York City. His father, Francis "Frank" Philbin, a U.S. Marine who served in the Pacific, was of Irish heritage. His mother, Filomena "Florence" (née Boscia), was of Arbëreshë descent. They lived in the Van Nest section of the Bronx. Philbin was raised Roman Catholic. He was supposedly named "Regis" because his father wanted him to attend the prestigious Regis High School. It was long believed that Philbin was an only child, but on the February 1, 2007, broadcast of "Live with Regis and Kelly", Philbin announced that he did have a brother, Frank M. Philbin (March 1, 1951 – January 27, 2007), who had died from non-Hodgkin lymphoma several days earlier. Philbin said his brother, 20 years younger than he, had asked to not be mentioned on television or in the press.
Philbin attended Our Lady of Solace grammar school in the Bronx, and graduated from Cardinal Hayes High School in the Bronx in 1949 before attending the University of Notre Dame, where he graduated in 1953 with a sociology degree. He later served in the United States Navy as a supply officer, then went through a few behind-the-scenes jobs in television and radio before moving into the broadcasting arena.
In his earliest show business work, Philbin was a page at "The Tonight Show" in the 1950s. Later, he wrote for Los Angeles talk show host Tom Duggan, and nervously filled in one night when the hard-drinking Duggan didn't show up. He also was an announcer on "The Tonight Show" in 1962. In 1957, Regis left his job as assistant news editor to Baxter Ward at KCOP, Los Angeles to make his fortune in New York. His replacement at KCOP was George Van Valkenburg.
His first talk show was "The Regis Philbin Show" on KOGO-TV (now KGTV) in San Diego, California. For budgetary reasons, he had no writing staff, leading him to begin each show with what has become his hallmark, the "host chat" segment (influenced by Jack Paar), where he engages his audience (and later on, his co-host) in discussions about his life and the day's events.
Philbin gained his first national exposure in 1967 as Joey Bishop's sidekick on "The Joey Bishop Show" on television (1967–1969). In a Johnny Carson-Ed McMahon vein, Bishop would playfully tease Philbin and Philbin would take the barbs in stride. Philbin, however, got his feelings wounded when he learned from the network grapevine that ABC executives were dissatisfied with his work and his thick accent. In response, Philbin, during the opening of one of the programs in 1968, suddenly stopped the show with an unplanned diatribe about 'not being wanted and letting down" the program and abruptly quit on air. A few nights later, assured by Bishop that all was well and the barbs were not personal, Philbin returned. As revealed in Regis' book, "How I Got This Way", this was actually all a ruse planned by Bishop and Regis to steal the spotlight and attract some of Johnny Carson's viewers. When "The Joey Bishop Show" was canceled, Bishop returned the favor and walked off the show on the air unannounced, leaving Philbin to successfully carry the night on his own.
Talk show career.
In 1964, Philbin took over the show that replaced "The Steve Allen Show" when Steve Allen left the show. The audience did not accept Philbin as a replacement for the zany antics of Allen and the appearance lasted only a few weeks because of dismal ratings. Johnny Carson was too strong in the ratings for the same time slot. Carson was an inspiration for Philbin, according to his own words (PBS, 2008, "Pioneers of Television").
From 1975 to 1981, he co-hosted "A.M. Los Angeles", a local morning talk show on KABC-TV, first with Sarah Purcell (1975 to 1978), then with Cyndy Garvey (1978 to 1981). Philbin's presence brought the show from the bottom of the local ratings to No. 1.
During the early 1970s, Philbin also commuted each weekend to St. Louis, where he filmed "Regis Philbin's Saturday Night in St. Louis" on KMOX-TV (now KMOV).
In 1981, Philbin and Mary Hart co-hosted a national morning variety series for NBC. The show lasted 18 weeks.
After Garvey left Los Angeles in 1982 and moved to New York City, Philbin rejoined her on "The Morning Show", on WABC-TV. At the time, the 9 am time slot for WABC suffered from low Nielsen ratings because of competition from WNBC-TV's "Donahue" and WCBS-TV's game show block featuring "The Joker's Wild" and "Tic Tac Dough". After Garvey left again, and Ann Abernathy briefly shared co-hosting duties, Philbin was paired with Kathie Lee Johnson (later Gifford), in June 1985, and ratings improved significantly. The show became nationally syndicated in September 1988 as "Live! with Regis and Kathie Lee" and the success continued. The program replaced "A.M. Los Angeles" upon its cancellation in 1991 and was eventually picked up by all of the ABC owned-and-operated stations except for WLS in Chicago, which aired "The Oprah Winfrey Show" in that time slot and had done so since the show's debut as "A.M. Chicago".
In the 1980s, Philbin hosted "Lifestyles with Regis Philbin" on the Lifetime television network.
When Gifford departed in 2000, the show was temporarily named "Live! with Regis". Philbin had guest co-hosts until a replacement was found. Philbin won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Talk Show Host in 2001. Kelly Ripa was chosen as the permanent co-host in 2001, and the show was renamed "Live! with Regis and Kelly". Their chemistry proved to be successful as the show continued to enjoy high ratings.
Philbin set a Guinness World Record for "Most Hours on Camera" on his August 20, 2004, "Live" show (replacing Hugh Downs), which gave him a total of 15,188 hours on television. On the September 14, 2006, episode of "Live", his record was updated to 15,662 hours. His on-air time continues to accumulate.
In 2008, Philbin's contract with ABC was renewed through 2011. Under this contract, Philbin reportedly earned more than US$21 million. He received a similar contract with CBS for hosting "Million Dollar Password").
It was announced on the September 17, 2009, episode of "Live with Regis and Kelly" during their World Record Breaker week, that Philbin's Guinness Book World Record for most time spent in front of a TV camera had reached 16,343 hours.
Game show career.
Philbin was also a game show host. He hosted "The Neighbors", a short-lived game show on ABC from late-1975 to early-1976. The show had two female contestants guessing which of her three women neighbors said gossipy things about her. In 1976, he was a "field reporter" for ABC's "Almost Anything Goes", an American adaptation of the British game show, "It's a Knockout". Both shows suffered from poor ratings.
Philbin was the original host of the U.S. version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire", an ABC game show that had its roots in Britain. "Millionaire" was a big ratings success in its 1999 debut, when it was intended as an occasional special series. ABC aired "Millionaire" as a regular series with frequent episodes, but its viewership slowly declined. After "Millionaire" was canceled, it was retooled in 2002 as a syndicated series hosted by Meredith Vieira, which continues today. ABC brought back "Millionaire" in 2004 with Philbin, retitled "Who Wants to Be a Super Millionaire", a related series that was aired on a more limited basis. Philbin had appeared in 11 episodes of a special edition of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire", which started on August 9, 2009, celebrating the 10th anniversary of the show. He also was a celebrity contestant in this version. "Millionaire", in its syndicated format, uses guest hosts for selected weeks during the season and Philbin hosted a week of episodes that aired in November 2009, coinciding with his 2009 surgery.
Philbin's "Millionaire" hosting duties won him a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Game Show Host in 2001, and later, in a 2007 "Time" article, he was listed among the 15 Best Game Show Hosts in History. When "Millionaire" was honored on GSN's "Gameshow Hall of Fame" special, Philbin's tenure as the show's host was praised. Leigh Hampton, then executive producer of the syndicated version, said that he " when to take rein of it and when to sit back and let the contestant be the contestant," and Jennifer Slater of twogirlsandatv.com called him "the sweetest man on television." Philbin himself recalled his own "Millionaire" tenure on said special with the following statement:
In November 2005, ABC announced that Philbin would host the network's revival of "This Is Your Life". In August 2006, he reported that his option on the contract for the show had lapsed and he declined to renew it.
Philbin hosted the first season of "America's Got Talent", a Simon Cowell-produced amateur talent search show on NBC, during the summer of 2006. He flew between New York City and Los Angeles during that time period to participate in both "Live with Regis and Kelly" and "AGT". Because of his difficulty with commuting cross country and his health problems, he was replaced in 2007 by talk show host Jerry Springer. In regards to filling Philbin's spot, Springer noted that "no one fills in for Regis. He's the best there ever was at this so you pay homage to him."
Philbin's affiliation with FremantleMedia started to develop at this time. He hosted a revival of the "Password" franchise entitled "Million Dollar Password", which premiered June 1, 2008 and ended in 2009.
Other television appearances.
On December 31, 2004, Philbin filled in for Dick Clark on ABC's "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve", as Clark was recovering from a stroke. Philbin (who is a year and a half younger than Clark) lightheartedly claimed to have interrupted his previously planned vacation to do the show. During CNN's New Year's Eve special, hosted by Anderson Cooper and broadcast on both CNN and CNN International, revelers in Times Square told CNN reporter Jason Carroll that Philbin was "all right" filling in for Clark, though they had Cooper and Carroll.
Philbin was also the host of the finale of "The Apprentice 2" on December 16, 2004, and the official 30-minute red carpet arrivals at the 80th Academy Awards ceremony on February 24, 2008.
Philbin hosted the 37th Daytime Emmy Awards on June 27, 2010.
Guest appearances.
Philbin makes regular guest appearances on "Late Show with David Letterman". He is often introduced by Letterman as "Regis Lee Philbin", a play on his former morning co-host, Kathie Lee Gifford. He has also appeared on other late night talk shows, such as "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson", and "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon".
Philbin has appeared on the sitcoms "Spin City", "How I Met Your Mother", "Mad About You", "Hope & Faith", "Seinfeld", and "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air", as well as the sketch comedy program, "The Dana Carvey Show", and "The Larry Sanders Show".
Philbin was a celebrity guest at "WrestleMania VII" in Los Angeles in 1991, commenting on the main event between Hulk Hogan and Sgt. Slaughter.
In 1998, Philbin made an appearance in Disney's "Hercules" as the voice of the mythical monster Typhon. Kathie Lee Grifford was also present as the voice of Typhon's mate, Echidna.
On December 25, 2000, Philbin appeared as a panelist on the first season championship game of the ESPN game show "2 Minute Drill".
On February 28, 2004, Philbin guest-starred in a "" episode called "Drowsy".
On May 15, 2006, Philbin appeared as a special guest, alongside Howie Mandel, for a two-hour special episode of "Deal or No Deal" on NBC.
Philbin has appeared three times on "Celebrity Jeopardy!", the most appearances for any competing celebrity on the game show "Jeopardy!". He played for Cardinal Hayes High School, his "alma mater". In November 2006, he won his competition and earned $50,000 for the school.
Philbin appeared as a contestant on Celebrity "Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?" in November 2007. He again played for his "alma mater", Cardinal Hayes High School. He dropped out of the game and went home with $175,000 for the school.
In September 2008, Philbin guest starred as himself on "How I Met Your Mother", where he joined the cast in the search for New York's best hamburger. The show revealed that he worked out at Barney's gym. During the best hamburger hunt, his picture hung in the "Best Burger" restaurant, and every other suspected best burger restaurant, such as Corner Bistro and Veggie Heaven. In the show, he hosted a "show within a show" called "Million Dollar Heads or Tails", which referred to both "Million Dollar Password" and "Millionaire".
On December 25, 2009, Philbin attended Christmas Mass with Father Edward L. Beck and Timothy Dolan, the current Archbishop of New York, at "The Sunday Mass" and gave a special interview discussing how being a Catholic had influenced his life.
In February 2011, Philbin made an appearance on "Take Two with Phineas and Ferb". On July 3, 2011, he was a celebrity guest on the "The Marriage Ref", along with Tracy Morgan and Susie Essman.
On May 29, 2012, Philbin appeared on CNN's Piers Morgan Tonight during the show's Guest Host Week. Philbin's guest was his long-time friend and fellow television host David Letterman.
In September 2012, Philbin said he was going to appear on Rachael Ray once a month.
Return to TV with Fox Sports.
Fox Sports announced on March 5, 2013 that Philbin will be hosting "Crowd Goes Wild", a daily sports talk show featuring a panel of hosts on their all new national sports network Fox Sports 1, which launched on August 17, 2013. He will again partner with his producer from "Millionaire", Michael Davies.
Written and musical works.
Philbin is also an author and singer. His two autobiographies (with co-author Bill Zehme), "I'm Only One Man!" (1995) and "Who Wants To Be Me?" (2000), are written in the conversational or anecdotal style of his host chats. The former book follows a year (1994–1995) in his life recalling, among other things, his personal life, his memories with celebrities, and work on "Live with Regis and Kathie Lee". The latter book was a response to the success of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" and deals with the show and his life.
As a singer, Philbin can best be described as a crooner in the style of his favorite singers: Dean Martin, Perry Como, and Frank Sinatra. He tested the musical waters with his 1968 pop vocal release, "It's Time For Regis!" After receiving poor reviews, Philbin was reluctant to record another studio album, but he occasionally sang on "Live", usually in duet with another singer. After 36 years, he recorded "When You're Smiling" (2004), a more mature-sounding pop standards album. "The Regis Philbin Christmas Album" was released September 2005. This album features several duets, with close friend Donald Trump ("Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer"), Steve Tyrell ("Marshmallow World"), and wife Joy ("Baby, It's Cold Outside" and "Winter Wonderland"). A special edition of the album was produced with tracks recorded with the Notre Dame Glee Club. Philbin is signed on to Hollywood Records.
Personal life.
Philbin has been married twice and has four children. He was married to Catherine "Kay" Faylen, daughter of actor Frank Faylen, from 1955–1968, and he has been married to interior decorator Joy Senese since 1970. His children are Amy, Daniel (both with Faylen), Joanna, and Jennifer "J. J." (both with Senese). Joy Philbin occasionally co-hosted with her husband Regis. On "Live", he often mentioned Joy, and to a lesser degree, Joanna, J.J., Amy, and Danny. When Danny was born, he didn't have some vertebrae and he was missing some muscles in his leg. He had to spend his childhood at the Angel View Crippled Children's Foundation in California. During the September 11 attacks, Philbin noted on air that he was very worried about Danny, who worked at The Pentagon and uses a wheelchair. Danny emerged from the terrorist attack safe, and since the tragedy Regis has joined Danny at Walter Reed Army Medical Center to visit injured troops. In August 2007, Regis and Joy Philbin announced that their daughter J. J. and her husband, Michael Schur, were expecting their first child in February 2008. William Xavier Schur was born on February 18, 2008. He weighed , and was 19 inches in length. William Xavier is named after Regis, Xavier being his confirmation name. He is also nicknamed "Mr. Trouble" by Regis and often referred to as such on "Live". At 7:54 p.m., on July 14, 2010, J.J. gave birth to a daughter, Ivy Elizabeth, in California. 
Philbin spends time between his home in Greenwich, Connecticut, and apartment on the Upper West Side of Manhattan across from the WABC-TV studios.
Philbin follows the professional sports world extensively, enjoying baseball as well as football. He is an avid fan of the New York Yankees and a proud supporter of the sports teams of his alma mater, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish – so proud, in fact, that Philbin narrated the two audio CDs that accompanied Joe Garner's book, "Echoes of Notre Dame Football: Great and Memorable Moments of the Fighting Irish". Philbin played on the Notre Dame tennis team (putting his recent statements in an ad where he claimed to have learned tennis from second wife Joy, in doubt). Notre Dame football coaches, such as Charlie Weis, Tyrone Willingham, and Lou Holtz have appeared on "Live". Along with being a Yankees fan, Regis is also "keeping an eye on the Florida Marlins." On May 5, 2009, he delivered the first pitch at a Marlins game. He has also supported the Pittsburgh Pirates in recent years as well. During his Southern California years, he was a regular at parties at Hugh Hefner's Playboy Mansion.
In March 1984, Philbin opened a Ford dealership in Gilbert, Arizona, as a side investment during his career in television. The dealership, Philbin Ford, suffered due to the already saturated auto market in the area, and was closed in late 1988.
He is known to have trouble handling new technology and is frequently confused when operating electronics (such as remote controls and DVD players). He does not usually use computers (although he did use one for an episode of "Live" during summer 2008, demonstrating how to find homes online) and did not own a cell phone until September 10, 2008. It is often noted, however, that Philbin does not completely reject the technology; he simply has Joy make calls and send e-mails for him.
Health.
Philbin had an angioplasty in 1993. On March 14, 2007 he underwent triple bypass surgery at Weill Cornell Medical Center because of plaque in his arteries. Prior to the surgery, Philbin talked with David Letterman, for whom Philbin had substituted on "Late Show with David Letterman" during Letterman's own quintuple bypass surgery. Following Philbin's successful heart surgery, he returned to the show on April 26.
On December 1, 2009, Philbin had hip-replacement surgery. He returned on Monday, January 4, 2010, to his regular hosting duties.
In May, 2010, Philbin underwent surgery to have a blood clot removed from his calf. He returned to work the next day.
Popular culture.
He was cast as car salesman, Handsome Hal, on Kelly Ripa's sitcom "Hope & Faith". He once played the piccolo in this role.
He was chosen as the voice of a minor female character in "Shrek the Third": Mabel, the sister of the Ugly Stepsister (played by Larry King).
In the "Animaniacs" episode "Pigeon on a Roof" (a "Goodfeathers" musical parody of "Fiddler on the Roof"), a key plot element involves toppling a statue of Martin Scorsese—and replacing it with one of Philbin.
Also, several "Hey Arnold!" episodes would feature a talk show that parodied "Regis and Kathie Lee". The male host, in addition, would always get extremely excited in a parody of Philbin.
He is mentioned in Christian artist Steven Curtis Chapman's song "Live Out Loud."
Features in the "How I Met Your Mother" Episode: "The Best Burger in New York", with his picture being displayed in the background of all the burger restaurants.
"Who Wants to Be a Millionaire".
During the successful first run of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire", Philbin popularized the monochromatic look in men's formalwear that emphasizes color rather than pattern in ties and dress shirts. His look was a suit, shirt and tie coordinated in solid, slightly varying shades of the same, usually dark or muted, color. A Van Heusen clothing line based on this look, called "Regis", was short-lived.
When Philbin hosted "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire", he used the phrase ""Is that your final answer?"" whenever he had to confirm a contestant's answer. Adopted from Chris Tarrant, this became Philbin's catch phrase during his tenure with the show.
In August 2009, Philbin returned for a two-week stint as host of "Millionaire". The 11 shows (Sunday-to-Thursday twice, plus one extra Sunday) started airing August 9 on ABC primetime.
Philbin (along with Steve Harvey and John Henson) were named the 2009–10 guest hosts of the daily "Millionaire". Philbin's episodes aired November 30-December 4, 2009, and debuted new rules on the show.
"2007 Neiman Marcus Christmas Book".
In October 2007, Philbin was featured in the 100th anniversary issue of the Neiman Marcus Christmas Book. He was a host of the "Classical Superstars Fantasy Concert", which included piano virtuoso Lola Astanova with Russia's Kirov Orchestra led by conductor Valery Gergiev. The super concert for 500 guests was offered for sale at $1.6 million.
Awards and honors.
In Morris Park, Bronx, Cruger Avenue between Sagamore Street and Bronxdale Avenue was co-named Regis Philbin Avenue. 
Credits.
Television.
Kung Fu: The Legend Continues, guest as himself, aired January 31, 1994

</doc>
<doc id="20325884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325884" title="Fairy Glen, Saskatchewan">
Fairy Glen, Saskatchewan

Fairy Glen is a hamlet in the Rural Municipality of Willow Creek No. 458 in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. It not only has a Co-Op, but also a section of paved road. A "Faerie Glen" also exists in Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="20325931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325931" title="Wilhelm Schmidt (engineer)">
Wilhelm Schmidt (engineer)

Wilhelm Schmidt, known as Hot Steam Schmidt (German: "Heißdampf-Schmidt") (1858–1924) was a German engineer and inventor who achieved the breakthrough in the development of superheated steam technology for steam engines. Wilhelm Schmidt was born in Wegeleben, Germany, on 18 February 1858 and began his professional career as a machine fitter. He studied at the technical high school in Dresden under Gustav Zeuner.
Career.
Superheated steam.
In 1883 he took a post as a civil engineer in Kassel, where he developed superheated steam technology to the point where it could be practically used. In 1908 he transferred his home and the base of his firm to Benneckenstein in the Harz. He was not the first person to work with superheated steam, but his predecessors had only used steam temperatures up to 250 °C; Schmidt was the first to risk increasing this to 350 °C.
Schmidt Superheated Steam Company.
For further trials with superheated steam on the Ilsenburg – Wernigerode railway, there was a trials organisation near Wernigerode station. It was here that Schmidt founded the Schmidt Superheated Steam Company ("Schmidtsche Heissdampfgesellschaft"). 
By using superheated steam the thermal efficiency of a steam engine could be raised by up to about 50%. This technology had a decisive influence on the development of the steam locomotive and steamship, as well as all other applications where steam engines were used. Numerous smaller inventions by Wilhelm Schmidt, like for example the Schmidt superheater (around 1890) or the piston valve, which he developed together with Robert Garbe of the Prussian state railways, brought the technology of the superheated steam engine to perfection.
ALSTOM Power Energy Recovery.
Even today, his successor company - "Schmidt'schen Heissdampf GmbH", survives under the name of ALSTOM Power Energy Recovery GmbH, in Kassel-Bettenhausen. It develops and builds apparatus for the processes involving the transfer of heat in the petrochemical, chemical and metallurgical industries, e.g. cracked gas coolers for the manufacture of ethylene, gas coolers for the manufacture of methanol, ammonia and hydrogen and a multitude of equipment for special purposes. The company continues to be highly innovative and a market leader in its field.
Religious views.
Schmidt viewed his inventions however as rather unimportant in view of "a world which is badly lost". He held a strong faith and distributed "Warning Cry to the People" ("Mahnrufe an das Volk") from Bethel, near Bielefeld. He was friends with Friedrich von Bodelschwingh. He held the view that Anglo-Saxon Christianity had weakened German Christianity. He died on 16 February 1924 in Bethel.

</doc>
<doc id="20325992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20325992" title="2009 UEFA European Under-19 Championship elite qualification">
2009 UEFA European Under-19 Championship elite qualification

The Elite Round of the 2009 UEFA European Under-19 Championship is the second round of qualification. The winners of each group join hosts Ukraine at the Final Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20326028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326028" title="PWI (disambiguation)">
PWI (disambiguation)

PWI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20326029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326029" title="The Wave (2008 film)">
The Wave (2008 film)

Die Welle () is a 2008 German film directed by Dennis Gansel and starring Jürgen Vogel, Frederick Lau, Jennifer Ulrich and Max Riemelt in the leads. It is based on Ron Jones' social experiment The Third Wave. The film was produced by Christian Becker for Rat Pack Filmproduktion. It was successful in German cinemas, and after 10 weeks 2.3 million people had watched the film. 
Plot.
High school teacher Rainer Wenger (Jürgen Vogel) is forced to teach a class on autocracy, despite being an anarchist. When his students, third generation after the Second World War, do not believe that a dictatorship could be established in modern Germany, he starts an experiment to demonstrate how easily the masses can be manipulated. He begins by demanding that all students address him as "Herr Wenger", as opposed to Rainer, and places students with poor grades beside students with good grades – purportedly so they can learn from one another and become better as a whole. When speaking, they must stand and give short, direct answers. Wenger shows his students the effect of marching together in the same rhythm, motivating them by suggesting that they could really annoy the anarchy class, which is below them. Wenger suggests a uniform, to remove class distinction and further unite the group. Mona (Amelie Kiefer) argues it will remove individuality, as well. Karo (Jennifer Ulrich) shows up to class without the uniform and is ostracised. The students decide they need a name, deciding on "Die Welle" (The Wave). Karo suggests another name, which ends up with one single vote cast by herself.
The group is shown to grow closer, and the bully Bomber (Maximilian Vollmar) is shown to reform, protecting a classmate from bullies. He also creates a distinctive salute for the group. Karo and Mona protest the actions of the group, and Mona, disgusted with how her classmates are embracing fascism, leaves the project group. The other classmates don't see the connection with fascism. The members of The Wave begin spray-painting their logo around town, having parties where only Wave members are allowed to attend, and ostracising and tormenting anyone not in their group. Tim (Frederick Lau) becomes very attached to the group, having finally become an accepted member of a social group. He burns his name-brand clothes, after a discussion about how large corporations do not take responsibility for their actions.
A pair of punks start a fight with Tim, but he is saved by Bomber and Sinan (Elyas M'Barek) and starts to bond with them. When Tim and his group of new friends are confronted by a group of angry anarchists (including the punks that Tim faced previously), Tim pulls a Walther PP pistol, causing them to back down. Tim explains to his shocked friends that the pistol only fires blanks. Tim later shows up at Wenger's house, offering to be a bodyguard. Wenger declines his offer but invites Tim in for dinner. This puts further strain on Wenger's already tense relationship with his wife, who thinks the experiment has gone too far. Wenger finally ejects Tim from his house, only to find in the morning that the boy had slept on his doorstep. Wenger's wife, upset, tells him to stop the experiment immediately. He accuses her of being jealous and insults her. Shocked, she leaves him, saying the Wave has made him a worse person.
Karo continues her opposition to the Wave, earning the anger of many in the group, who ask her boyfriend, Marco (Max Riemelt), to do something about it. A water polo competition is due that day, and Wenger asks The Wave to show up in support of the team. Karo and Mona, denied entry to the competition, sneak in another way to distribute anti-Wave fliers. Members of The Wave notice this and scramble to retrieve the papers before anybody reads them. In the chaos, Sinan starts a fight with an opposing team member, the two almost drowning each other. After the match, Marco confronts Karo and accuses her of causing the fight. She replies that the Wave has brainwashed him completely, and he slaps Karo. Unsettled by his own behavior, Marco approaches Wenger and asks him to stop the project. Wenger agrees and calls a meeting of all Wave members for the following day in the school's auditorium.
Once in the meeting, Wenger has the doors locked and begins whipping the students into a fervour. When Marco protests, Wenger calls him a traitor and orders the students to bring him to the stage for punishment. Wenger uses this to force the students to see how extreme the Wave has become. Wenger disbands the Wave, but Dennis (Jacob Matschenz) argues that they should try to salvage the good parts. Wenger points out that there's no way to remove the negative elements from fascism. Tim draws a gun and refuses to accept the Wave is over, fearing that he will once more be lonely and states that the Wave is his life. Bomber claims the gun fires blanks, but is shot by Tim to show he is using live ammunition. In his realization in what he has done, Tim takes his own life. Wenger cradles his corpse and looks helplessly at his now traumatised students. The film ends with Wenger being arrested by the police and driven away, Bomber being taken away to the hospital, and Marco and Karo being re-united. The final images show Wenger in the back of a police car, staring into the camera overcome with distress.
Production.
The film was shot in the Marie Curie Gymnasium in Dallgow-Döberitz over 38 days. The filmmakers spent almost a year casting young actors until their class was complete. Some of the young male actors also had to be able to give a credible performance playing water polo. "I was looking for highly charismatic actors who could fill out their roles," says Dennis Gansel.
Shooting the water polo scenes turned out to be one of the greatest challenges of the shoot. Temperatures in summer in the indoor pool in Berlin-Reinickendorf easily climbed over 100 degrees fahrenheit. Add to that humidity of 80%, and the water polo games became a real workout for the entire cast and crew.
The punishing heat wave was followed by school angst for several cast and crew members: The lion's share of shooting took place in a real high school, which awakened a lot of memories for some: "It was very weird being in school all the time. I really felt I was back in class!" Cristina Do Rego recalls. Max Riemelt felt the same way: "Definitely! As soon as I sat down in the classroom, I started getting drowsy again. You totally fall back into your old rut. I started doodling again right away. That's what I always used to do. And the poor ventilation took care of the rest."
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of the film was released on 25 May 2008 through EMI Germany, and contains tracks by The Subways, Kilians, Johnossi, Digitalism and The Hives, as well as a cover version of the classic Ramones' track "Rock 'n' Roll High School" made for the film by the German punk band EL*KE. Jan Plewka wrote and recorded a song for the film, "Was Dich So Verändert Hat", in both a German and English version. The German version ended up in the film but the English version is available on an international version of the soundtrack. The title-song "Garden Of Growing Hearts" was performed by Berlin band Empty Trash. The original film score was composed by Heiko Maile, a member of the band Camouflage.
Differences from the 1981 film.
In the 1981 film and its novelization, the action takes place in 1969 in the fictitious Gordon High School, which in turn is based on a series of events at a school in Palo Alto, California. The names were changed to sound German, but the characters are similar. For example, Rainer Wenger, Karo, Marco, Mona, and Tim correspond to Ben Ross, Laurie Saunders, David Collins, Andrea, and Robert Billings. The outsider theme was expanded by introducing three new characters: Sinan who is Turkish, Kevin the aggressive bully, and Dennis from East Germany who is mocked as "Ossi". The 1981 film's ending, where there is no violence and the teacher is not arrested, is much tamer than the ending of "Die Welle".

</doc>
<doc id="20326046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326046" title="Wilhelm Schmidt">
Wilhelm Schmidt

Wilhelm Schmidt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20326049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326049" title="Purse hook">
Purse hook

A purse hook (also known as a handbag hook or handbag hanger is a type of hook meant to temporarily secure a purse or handbag to a table, sink or armrest. Such hooks have been available since the 1920s. Queen Elizabeth II is said to employ an S-shaped one to hang her handbags on.
Types.
There are at least five types of purse hooks available. The order is based on patent file dates.
Reasons for use.
The practical uses are numerous; hanging a purse, bag, groceries, umbrella or any item that can be hung and needs to be kept close, for convenient access or to discourage theft.
A bag placed on the floor in a restaurant or bathroom will collect bacteria, fungi, and viruses.
In Brazil there is a superstition that a woman will lose all of her money if she puts her purse on the floor. 

</doc>
<doc id="20326056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326056" title="Press Services of India">
Press Services of India

Press Services of India (PSI) is a multi-media vernacular news agency of India. PSI reports from around the world on topics ranging from financial markets to general and political news.

</doc>
<doc id="20326098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326098" title="Declan Meehan (radio presenter)">
Declan Meehan (radio presenter)

Declan Meehan () is an Irish radio presenter. Currently fronting "The Morning Show" with local radio station East Coast FM, his career has incorporated involvement with multiple pirate radio stations (including Radio Milinda, the first to be raided and prosecuted) and, later, Radio 2 (where he was one of the pioneering station's original presenters). From there he moved to the superpirates of the 1980s, before a spell with legal radio in London, England. He is remembered for "presenting a cool and calm front"." on the morning that Radio Nova was raided in May 1983. He had joined the station from Sunshine Radio.
When Radio Milinda was threatened with closure in December 1972, Meehan declared on air in the week prior to the eventual raid, that they would "fight anybody who tried to close them down". Years later, he commented on the raid: "We were fined £2, all the equipment was confiscated and it was great fun, a great adventure." 

</doc>
<doc id="20326139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326139" title="Methylophaga">
Methylophaga

The genus "Methylophaga" consists of halophilic methylotrophic bacteria, many of which were isolated from marine environments. The cells are rod-shaped. They are motile by one polar flagellum.

</doc>
<doc id="20326141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326141" title="K-9000">
K-9000

K-9000 is a 1991 sci-fi crime TV movie starring Chris Mulkey, Catherine Oxenberg, Dennis Haysbert, and Judson Scott. It was directed by Kim Manners and written by Michael Part and Steven E. de Souza.
Plot.
Dr. Aja Turner (Catherine Oxenberg), a beautiful female scientist, implants a computer in a German Shepherd's brain to help it track and capture criminals. Crooks, led by Anton Zeiss (Judson Earney Scott), make off with the cybernetic canine. Dr. Turner teams up with Eddie Monroe (Chris Mulkey), a hard-nosed policeman who is implanted with a microchip allowing him to communicate with the dog.

</doc>
<doc id="20326156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326156" title="Bioheat transfer">
Bioheat transfer

Bioheat transfer is the study of heat transfer in biological systems. In simpler terms, it is the study of how heat moves from one compartment, be it within the body or external to the body, to another compartment in the body. Bioheat transfer has its foundations in the engineering discipline of heat transfer and is itself a subfield of biomedical engineering or bioengineering. In addition, computational techniques to model various bioheat transfer scenarios are widely employed and hold an important place in developing devices and protocols for the medical community.
Constitutive Values.
Because modeling bioheat transfer is of the utmost importance in proper device or heating protocol design, constitutive values of various tissues of the body had to be measured early on in the history of bioheat transfer.
Of particular importance were the values of specific gravity, specific heat, thermal conductivity for the various tissues in the body e.g. skin, fat, muscle, bone, and blood. Today, such values can be easily found in various handbooks and study publications such as the CRC Handbook of Mechanical Engineering (2nd Ed.) or the Report of the task group on reference man (1975).
To illustrate the detailed knowledge that is required by the bioheat transfer community, The CRC Handbook of Mechanical Engineering includes a nearly 2 page table of value for thermal conductivity of various organs including but not limited to: kidney, aorta, arterial plaque, blood, liver, spleen, heart, muscle and tumor. 
Because of the importance of blood perfusion on thermal equilibria in the body, blood perfusion values were also pursued early in the history of the field. The CRC Handbook of Mechanical Engineering's chapter on Bioheat Transfer includes a nearly 6 page table of blood perfusion values for a similar variety of tissues as the table for thermal conductivity. Greater discussion on the effect of blood perfusion on heat transfer is given in Section 2.
The Cardiovascular System.
The cardiovascular system is the key system by which heat is distributed throughout the body. The blood serves as the vehicle to transport heat from the areas of high heat to areas of lower heat. In general this transfer takes place in the direction from body core to extremities such as the limbs and head. In the case where the extremities are hotter than the core body temperature, perfusion would serve to transport heat from the extremity back towards the body core. Whether or not the core temperature rises depends on many factors such as the duration of elevated local temperature at the extremity, temperature difference between extremity and core, volume of blood heated above core temperature, and the rate of blood perfusion. This same moderating phenomena of blood perfusion can be applied to local heat transfer problems e.g. heating of a tumor.
Ablative Surgical Procedures.
Ablative surgical techniques generally employ some method of energy deposition which destroys cells and tissue with a concomitant increase in temperature at the targeted site. Bioheat transport equations can be applied to the process of energy deposition into the tissue as well as the subsequent conduction/convection heat transport to cells neighboring the targeted site to predict a temperature history and distribution. Such a model could be used to select the most appropriate protocol for the surgery.
Various modalities of energy deposition include: radio frequency, laser, high intensity focused ultrasound, etc. These modalities are commonly used in the minimally invasive surgical treatment of cancer. One common type is radiofrequency ablation, a type of hyperthermia therapy.
Cryosurgical Procedures.
Cryosugery is a technique which employs the use of low temperatures to destroy cells. The mechanism of death is usually by plasma membrane and protein disruption via physical and osmotic damage when ice crystals form within the cytoplasm of the cell. Bioheat transport equations can also be used to model this process.
Therapeutic Hyperthermia & Hypothermia.
Heat can be used not only to destroy cells, but also to aid in the recovery of cells and tissues. Such use of heat is sometimes called therapeutic hyperthermia, perhaps to distinguish it from malignant hyperthermia.
An example of therapeutic hyperthermia is the ThermaCare HeatWrap by Procter & Gamble. The application of heat to injured tissues works to heal target tissues by a temperature dependent vasodilation. This vasodilation increases the mass transport of wastes and nutrients from and to the site of injury. Because damaged tissue is more metabolically active the enhanced mass transport can facilitate more rapid healing.
Hypothermia
In cases of head trauma, it is common procedure to reduce the body temperature to about 32°C (90°F) which is about 5°C (8.5°F) lower than normal core temperature of 37°C (98.5°F). This presents a good example of how bioheat transfer engineers can contribute to medical treatments. Such a situation would be broken down first into a system, which in this case would include the entire surface of the body. Assuming the individual is submerged in cold water up to the neck and ears, or otherwise surrounded by an environment that can be modeled as a temperature sink, the engineering would model the body as a composite system composed of skin, fast, muscle bone and possibly organs depending on how complex the model must be. The head could be considered a separate system connected to the body via a third major system, the vasculature. The vasculature would bring cooled blood from the submerged body to the brain where there would be some amount of conductive and convection heat transfer based on the passage of blood through the vessels cooling the vessel via forced convection and the subsequent cooling of the brain via conduction between blood vessel and brain tissue. Each of these heat transfer processes i.e. water to body, body to vasculature, and vasculature to brain would require knowledge of the thermal conductivity, specific heat, density, blood perfusion rate, and diameter of blood vessel at the least to predict the temperature history at any point within the body e.g. to know when the temperature at the center of the head trauma reaches 32°C.
Such application of hypothermia is also employed during open heart surgery where perfusion to the body and brain must stop while cardiac output is rerouted through a heart lung machine. Furthermore, biomedical engineers who specialize in bioheat transfer are able to design such medical devices to perform within a specified range of temperatures and rates of cooling.
Bioheat Models.
Here we present a simplified model of the bioheat equation for steady-state, one-dimensional heat transfer.
From a one-dimensional energy balance in the x-direction:
formula_1 
Where formula_2 is the "metabolic" heat source term and formula_3 is the "perfusion" heat source term, both per unit volume. The thermal conductivity, formula_4, is a constant.
Pennes proposed an expression for the perfusion term by assuming that the temperatures of blood entering and exiting capillaries are both constant for any small volume of tissue. We can say that the temperatures of the blood at each state are the same as that of the surroundings, namely the arterial temperature and the local tissue temperature. Now we must define the perfusion rate, formula_5. This is the ratio of the volumetric flow rate of blood per volume of tissue. Thus we have for the perfusion term:
formula_6 
Where formula_7 and formula_8 are the density and specific heat capacity of the blood, respectively. 
Combining these two equations results in:
formula_9 
Which is the Pennes Bioheat Equation for one-dimensional, steady-state, heat transfer.
Training.
Most people that work in the field of bioheat transfer can be considered biomedical engineers. A number of universities grant bachelors degrees in biomedical engineering and bioengineering, but due to the large variety of sub-fields in biomedical engineering the training that undergraduate students receive varies greatly from program to program. Most engineers who have expertise in bioheat transfer received training from academic research labs either as undergraduates or as graduate students.

</doc>
<doc id="20326213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326213" title="Vendor-neutral data centre">
Vendor-neutral data centre

"Vendor neutrality" in the data centre market refers to a specialised and focused business model, in which a data centre provider limits its activities to a fixed set of value layers in order to avoid conflicts of interest. The provider creates an open market and a platform for others to add value. The provider remains neutral and independent and offers standard open interconnect policies.
Similar concepts.
Similar-sounding terms such as "telco agnostic" and "network independent" refer mainly to network infrastructure and IP transit services. "Vendor neutral" goes further, referring to a business model that is independent of all parties who add value further up the chain (e.g., service providers, consultants, disaster recovery solution providers, storage providers).
Value layer abstraction.
Vendor neutral data centres focus on the "bottom" layers in the stack of services provided to data centre customers: space, security, power, environment, and cabling. In terms of the OSI model, they provide Layer 1 services.

</doc>
<doc id="20326241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326241" title="Buster Bray">
Buster Bray

Clarence Wilbur "Buster" Bray (April 1, 1913 – September 4, 1982) was a professional baseball player. He played in four games in Major League Baseball for the Boston Braves in 1941, three of them in center field.

</doc>
<doc id="20326249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326249" title="Admir Ljevaković">
Admir Ljevaković

Admir Ljevaković (born 7 August 1984 in Tešanj) is a Bosnian football midfielder. He currently plays for FK Teplice in the Czech Gambrinus liga.

</doc>
<doc id="20326281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326281" title="Malbis, Alabama">
Malbis, Alabama

Malbis is an Unincorporated community in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States. The community lies at the crossroads of U.S. 90 and Alabama State Route 181 just south and north of I-10. Portions of the settlement are today within the city limits of Daphne. The incorporated city of Loxley lies to the east, and Spanish Fort to the north.
Malbis is considered a community or populated place but is not identified in the United States Census. It is part of the Daphne–Fairhope–Foley Micropolitan Statistical Area.
The Malbis Plantation was inducted into the National Register of Historic Places in May 2011.
History.
Known originally as the Malbis Plantation, the settlement was begun in 1906 by founder Jason Malbis. Malbis was a Greek philanthropist who was born in Doumena, Greece as Antonius Markopoulos. Malbis had been an Orthodox monk before coming to the United States to investigate the condition of fellow Greeks who had immigrated to the US. He changed his name to Jason Malbis and came south.
While traveling through Alabama, Malbis became enamored with Baldwin County and purchased the land that would become the Greek colony. The community was populated for many years mostly by those either secular or religious Greek heritage. The Malbis Memorial Church, a Greek Orthodox church was built by the settlers and still stands today.
The community once included The Malbis Bakery, an ice plant, a plant nursery, cannery, Hotels, restaurants, It own power plant, Turpentine, Dairy, Lumber water towers and many acres of farmland. During the peak of the colony's success its economy was largely based upon providing table food to nearby Mobile, Alabama. Today much of the land has been sold for commercial development including a soybean field which is today covered by a large retail shopping mall.

</doc>
<doc id="20326328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326328" title="Aidin Mahmutović">
Aidin Mahmutović

Aidin Mahmutović (born April 6, 1986 in Doboj) is a Bosnian football forward. He currently plays for FK Teplice in the Czech Gambrinus liga.
Personal life.
He is married to Emina (née Ademović) Mahmutović.

</doc>
<doc id="20326351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326351" title="Slocan Park, British Columbia">
Slocan Park, British Columbia

Slocan Park is an unincorporated settlement in the Slocan Valley area of the West Kootenay region of the Interior of British Columbia, Canada. Largely an agricultural and residential community of about 120 households, Slocan Park is the site of the co-operative grocery and gas outlet for the Slocan Valley, and other commercial services included a branch of the local credit union.
Once a station on the rail route to the busy "Silvery Slocan" mines, Slocan Park was also one of many Doukhobour communities founded throughout the West Kootenay region. Today the community has a diverse population, many of whom have moved to the area from Alberta and other parts of BC. 

</doc>
<doc id="20326366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326366" title="Gordie Ion">
Gordie Ion

Gordie Ion is a retired Canadian association football player and since December 2009 of the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame.
Career.
He played club football for Vancouver North Shore United and Vancouver Firefighters.
International career.
Ion earned 2 caps for the Canadian national side in 1957, scored three assists of five goals against USA on 22 June 1957.
Personal life.
His son is Greg Ion.

</doc>
<doc id="20326377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326377" title="Rachel Riley">
Rachel Riley

Rachel Annabelle Riley (born 11 January 1986) is an English television presenter. She co-presents "Countdown" on Channel 4 and "The Gadget Show" on Channel 5.
In January 2009, she replaced Carol Vorderman as the co-host of "Countdown" doing the letters and numbers selection and mathematics solutions. She hosts the show alongside Nick Hewer. Riley has co-presented over 1,000 episodes of "Countdown".
She was also a participant in the eleventh series of "Strictly Come Dancing", but she was the 5th contestant to be eliminated from the show on 3 November 2013.
Early life.
Born in Rochford, Essex, to an accountant father Christopher (who was originally from Salford, Lancashire) and his wife Celia, Riley was brought up in the Thorpe Bay area of Southend-on-Sea and was educated at the independent Thorpe Hall School, and Southend High School for Girls, a grammar school, where she obtained four As at A-Level. She then read mathematics at Oriel College, Oxford, gaining an upper second-class honours degree. Before she appeared on Countdown, she did an internship in The City during a university vacation, but did not apparently like the experience, and after university worked as an analyst for a price-comparison website.
Television.
"Countdown".
Riley was encouraged to apply for the "Countdown" position by her mother. She did not have an ambition to be a television presenter, but decided to apply because she was interested in the numbers part of the game. Riley was chosen from more than a thousand applicants despite having no television experience. In an article for BBC News, she said, "There's only one cool maths job around and I was lucky enough to get it so I'm absolutely thrilled". She began presenting "Countdown" alongside Jeff Stelling from 12 January 2009.
In an interview in August 2009 she revealed that it had been difficult for her to step into Vorderman's shoes, and that she had even been criticised by certain "Countdown" viewers for getting some of the maths puzzles wrong. Since January 2012, she has presented the programme alongside Nick Hewer, with whom she has reportedly had problems in getting on with, stating on one occasion that they were "chalk and cheese". Her 1,000th episode was shown on 25 June 2013, where she was presented with a signed shirt and a bunch of flowers by Manchester United player Ryan Giggs who had celebrated his 1,000th football pitch appearance the same year.
Riley also does the letters and numbers rounds on the "8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown" series.
"The Gadget Show".
Since June 2013, Riley has been a presenter on the Channel 5 programme "The Gadget Show". She co-hosts the programme with Jason Bradbury. Her first series (series 19), was shown for nine episodes from 3 June 2013. Her second series (series 20) began on 14 October 2013 and will continue for 22 episodes.
"Strictly Come Dancing".
From September 2013, Riley appeared in the eleventh series of the BBC One ballroom dancing programme "Strictly Come Dancing" with professional dancing partner Pasha Kovalev. She was eventually eliminated on 3 November, after losing out in the dance-off against Abbey Clancy and Aljaž Skorjanec.
Guest appearances.
She has also made brief appearances in such shows as "The IT Crowd", "Dispatches", "Britain's Brightest" and "1001 Things You Should Know".
Other.
On 26 June 2009, it was reported that Riley had been recruited by Royal Mail to employ her mathematical skills to help advise holidaymakers on how to make the most of their holiday currency, after a report by the Post Office revealed that a significant number of holidaymakers fail to calculate the actual cost of goods and services when travelling abroad and often overspend their holiday budgets.
In October 2010, she presented a programme on MUTV featuring a tour of Manchester United's training ground at Carrington. She has also hosted episodes of "An Audience with..." on MUTV.
Personal life.
Riley is a keen supporter of Manchester United.
Riley describes herself as a "non-religious" Jew and an atheist.
She met her husband, Jamie Gilbert, while they were both studying at Oxford University. The couple split up at the end of 2009 after four and a half years together. They later got back together and became engaged after he proposed to her on her 25th birthday on 11 January 2011. She told viewers about the engagement on the 25 February edition of "Countdown" and their wedding was on 11 August 2012. It was announced on 29 November 2013 that she was splitting with her husband after 16 months of marriage.
Riley was ranked No. 95 in "FHM"'s 100 Sexiest Women poll in 2009, No. 84 in 2012 and No. 90 in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20326383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326383" title="Archery at the 1998 Asian Games">
Archery at the 1998 Asian Games

Archery was contested from December 13 to December 17 at the 1998 Asian Games in Bangkok, Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="20326394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326394" title="Slavic second palatalization">
Slavic second palatalization

Slavic second palatalization is a Proto-Slavic sound change, that manifested as a regressive palatalization of inherited Balto-Slavic velars and velar fricative, chronologically occurring after the first and the third palatalization.
Motivation.
The second palatalization of velars is a direct consequence of the monophthongization of diphthongs, or more precisely, the change *aj > ē. While the clusters *kaj, *gaj and *xaj were in accordance with the principle of so-called "intrasyllabic synharmony" that operated during the Common Slavic period, the clusters resulting from monophthongization *kē. *gē, *xē defied the intrasyllabic synharmony because the velar consonant was preceding the front vocalic, and that defied the Proto-Slavic phonotactical constraints.
That anomaly has been resolved by palatalization of velar consonant, just as it was done during the preceding first palatalization. Only the results of this new palatalization were different, and not completely uniform on all Slavic territory, indicating first dialectal differences. Usually this palatalization is described as gradual, first fronting of the velars to proper palatals occurred, and then (perhaps with those that were affected with the third palatalization) they were assibilated. Hence it's sometimes called "sibilantization".
In addition, the same process operated before the new instances of *i deriving from *oj.
Formulation.
Inherited velars *k (< PIE *k, *) and *g (< PIE *g, *, *, *) change before the Proto-Slavic diphthong *aj/āj (< PIE *oy, */ay), which itself must have become *ē by the time the second palatalization started to occur:
Proto-Slavic velar fricative *x that was absent in PIE, and which arose primarily from PIE *s by means of RUKI law, from word-initial PIE #sk- as well as from Germanic and Iranian borrowings, changed in the same environment as:
Ultimate output of the third palatalization is thus the same as that of the preceding second palatalization. The difference of the palatalization of *x is dependent upon chronology and the Slavic dialect in question: In East and South Slavic it's /s/, and in West Slavic languages it's /š/. Slovak tends to go with South Slavic in such instances, e.g. "Čech" "Czech", plural "Česi" "Czechs".
Compare:
The intermediary /dz/ has been preserved only in the oldest Old Church Slavonic canon monuments, Lechitic languages, Slovak and the Ohrid dialects of Macedonian. Other Slavic languages have younger /z/.
Second palatalization alternates s consonant clusters specifically
In South Slavic languages the second palatalization operates even if medial *w (> OCS "v") is present between the velar and the diphthong (or its reflex), whereas in West Slavic languages the original *kvě/gvě clusters are preserved. Although words with groups cv, zv resulting from the second palatalization are found in East Slavic languages, they are likely to be a consequence of the Church Slavonic influence, since there is evidence of preservation of original groups in Ukrainian and Belarusian languages and in Russian dialects. Compare:
In natively coined and inherited Slavic words the second palatalization occurs only before the new *ě < *aj, because the first palatalization already operated before all the other front vowels, but in the loanwords it also operates before all front vowels. Compare:
Interpretation.
The second palatalization has probably spread from Slavic south; it started to operate sometimes between the end of the sixth and the middle of the seventh century CE, and the environments where it operated vary. In Russian, Slovak and (in nouns) Slovene, results of the second palatalization later were removed at morpheme boundaries (i.e. before inflectional endings) due to paradigmatic leveling by analogy. In Ukrainian and Belarusian, however, the effect of second palatalization is still evident in such cases.
Compare:
For Northwest Russian speeches (Novgorod, Pskov), according to Zaliznyak, the second palatalization has not taken place at all (E.g. Pskovian "kev"' : OESl. "cěvь": Old Novgorod *kělъ : OCS "cělъ"). According to others, however, such apparent unchanged velars were actually palatalized dentals both in the older monuments and in modern speeches (so such #k- would in fact be [t']). So the only exception with these speeches would be of not carrying out the affrication with the second palatalization.

</doc>
<doc id="20326406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326406" title="Aant Elzinga">
Aant Elzinga

Aant Elzinga (born 22 November 1937, Bolsward) is professor emeritus at the University of Gothenburg. In 1984 he set up a unit for science and technology foresight at the Science Council of Canada. From 1991-1997 he was president of the European Association of Science and Technology Studies <http://www.easst.net/>. Member of Kungliga Vetenskaps- och Vitterhets-Samhället in Gothenburg and affiliated with the Department of Philosophy, Linguistics and Theory of Science at Gothenburg University <http://www.flov.gu.se/english/about/history/>. Founding member of the Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research's (or SCAR)'s Action group for history of Antarctic science.[http://www.scar.org/about/history/]. Member of International Advisory Board of the Netherlands Research Graduate School pf Science, Technology and Modern Culture (WTMC)<http://www.wtmc.eu>
Biography.
Studied theoretical physics and applied mathematics, B.A. (1960)University of Western Ontario, history and philosophy of science MSc (1964)University College London (UCL), Fil Lic (1968) and Fil Dr (1971) vetenskapsteori (theory of science and research) at Gothenburg University. Doctoral dissertation on a research program in early modern physics with reference to the work of the Dutch 17th-century physicist, mathematician and astronomer Christian Huyghens. Has been guest researcher at the Collegium Helveticum of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) in Zürich, and a Fellow at the Swedish Collegium for Advanced Study in the Social Sciences (SCASSS), Uppsala University.
Writing.
Elzinga has written on science policy from both a conceptual-critical and a practical point of view. Introduced (in 1985) the concept of "epistemic drift". The latter denotes a shift from emphasis on internal quality control to external relevance assessments of research in contexts of strong political and commercial pressures. Analysis builds on studies regarding tensions existing between objectivity and partisanship in research as a human activity and its forms of institutionalization in society.
Recent book (2006)on Albert Einstein's bestowal of the Nobel prize. Elzinga combines history, philosophy, and the politics of science, giving science policy studies a broader, reflexive and more critical framework. Together with Andrew Jamison (1995) written on the concept of "policy cultures", referring to goals and norms associated with four different types of stakeholder groups - academic, commercial, bureaucratic and civil society. Critical studies on the co-production of scientific and social orders also dealt with evaluation procedures used by international development agencies, the interplay of internationalism and science and a brief history of Unesco.
Polar research.
Since 1986 specialized in the history and politics of polar research in Antarctica. Also concerned with "climate as research and politics". Introduced the thesis that the International Geophysical Year (IGY 1957/58) and the political regime that followed upon it (i.e., the Antarctic Treaty System) was marked by geopolitical rivalry, no longer in the form of imperialist conflict but by translation of national political agendas into scientific competition and cooperation between participant countries, a “sublimation of politics in science”. Thus one can speak of the construction of Antarctica as a continent by and for science. In connection with the Fourth International Polar Year (2007–2009) worked on the history of the four international polar years to highlight changing foci, conditions of research, logistics and epistemological characteristics over the past 125 years.
Selected Bibliography and References.
Also see <http://www.flov.gu.se/om/personal/aant_elzinga/>
See also.
Colonization of Antarctica; 
EASST: <http://www.easst.net/oneasst/about>

</doc>
<doc id="20326418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326418" title="Tokyo Performance Doll">
Tokyo Performance Doll

Tokyo Performance Doll a.k.a. TPD (東京パフォーマンスドール) was a female Jpop idol band that existed from 1990 to 1996. Inspired by Onyanko Club, it had seven main members and several other "trainees" for live performances, a formula later followed by Morning Musume, Hello! Project and AKB48. TPD was based in Tokyo, and launched sister-bands in other cities: Osaka Performance Doll in 1993 and Shanghai Performance Dolls in 1996. TPD had numerous sub-groups that issued their own singles, while albums were issued collectively. Among TPD's main members were Ryoko Shinohara and East End X Yuri's Yuri Ichii. Trainee members included Yoko Kamon and Yuko Fueki (Yoo Min). In June, it has been announced that after 17 years, the group is being revived with an all new line up.

</doc>
<doc id="20326438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326438" title="Bernhard Plockhorst">
Bernhard Plockhorst

Bernhard Plockhorst (March 2, 1825 – May 18, 1907) was a German painter and graphic artist. In Germany, Plockhorst is only known to experts today, whereas his pictures are still very popular in the United States and their reproductions can be found in many American homes and churches.
Life.
Plockhorst was born in Brunswick, Germany, where he took a five years’ education in lithography at the Collegium Carolinum. Then he trained to be a painter with Julius Schnorr von Carolsfeld in Dresden in 1848, with Carl von Piloty in Leipzig and Munich and finally with Thomas Couture in Paris in 1853. In Munich, Plockhorst copied the pictures of Rubens and Tizian in the Old Pinakothek. He also took study travels to Belgium, the Netherlands and Italy. Then he settled in Berlin where he began to paint portraits, but he also proved his talent for religious themes with a large painting (“Mary and John returning from the grave of Christ”). From 1866 to 1869, he was a professor at the Grandducal Saxonian Art School (Großherzoglich-Sächsische Kunstschule) in Weimar, where the painter Otto Piltz was one of his pupils. Then Plockhorst returned to Berlin where he died in 1907.
Work.
Plockhorst was a member of the late Nazarene movement, a German Romantic art school (together with other German Protestant painters such as Karl Gottfried Pfannschmidt and Heinrich Ferdinand Hoffmann). Influenced by the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood, they had recourse to Medieval and religious art topics.
Religious topics.
In 1872, Plockhorst exhibited a painting which was soon regarded as his chief work, “The Battle of archangel Michael with Satan for the body of Moses” (today in the Städtisches Museum, Cologne). His next major work was the altar painting “The Resurrection of Christ” for the cathedral of Marienburg, painted by order of the Prussian ministry of education and cultural affairs.
Further paintings showed “Christ taking his leave of his Mother”, “Christ on his way to Emmaus”, “Christ appearing to Maria Magdalena”, “The exposure of Moses”, “The finding of Moses”, “Let the children come to me” (also called “Jesus blessing the children”), “Luther on Christmas Eve” (1887) and “The adulteress before Christ” (the latter formerly in Moscow, gallery Löwenstein).
Plockhorst’s painting "The Guardian Angel" (1886), showing an angel and two little children close to an abyss, was reproduced as a color lithography in thousands of copies and greatly influenced the later pictures of guardian angels.
The glass windows of several U.S. American churches show motifs taken from Plockhorst, e. g. “The Nativity” in the Emmanuel Episcopal Church in Shawnee, Oklahoma; "The Good Shepherd" in First Presbyterian Church in Tulsa, Oklahoma; “Moses presents the Ten Commandments to Aaron on the mount Sinai” in the First Congregational Church UCC, Owosso, Michigan; “The Good Shepherd” in the Zion Lutheran Church, Baltimore, MD, and “The Flight into Egypt” in the Stanford Memorial Church.
Plockhorst’s oil painting “Noli me tangere”, which is more than two square meters large, had a remarkable fate. Originally, Plockhorst painted it for the German Court. Later, it was to be exhibited in England, but on September 3, 1880 the ship "Sorata", with the painting on board, was stranded on rocks between Adelaide and Melbourne, drawing water into its hold to a depth of 5.5 metres. Much of the cargo was salvageable, but the artwork was completely encrusted by a white layer. It looked as if the sea water had decomposed the color particles. In this condition Prof. Francis Rouleaux, director of the Royal Technical College of Charlottenburg (Berlin) and Commissioner General for the German Empire, took it to Melbourne, Australia. When the Melbourne International Exhibition was prepared in 1880, the art dealer Alexander Fletcher (1837–1914) bought the painting for a trifling sum and took it to the restorer George Peacock. Peacock discovered that the white layer was just plaster of Paris from the frame, which had been dissolved by the sea water. He could easily remove it, and Fletcher sold the restored painting to the National Gallery of Victoria for a considerable sum. At that time, the three largest daily newspapers of Melbourne reported extensively on that clever move.
Portraits.
Plockhorst painted a portrait of the musician Franz Liszt (1857) and created portraits of other important people like the Leipzig publisher Tauchnitz, the Leipzig honorary citizen Carl Lampe, David Hansemann and the children of the family Platzmann. Besides, he portrayed members of the German nobility like Emperor Wilhelm I and his wife Augusta (1888; today in Berlin, National Gallery).
Illustrations.
For the books of the Tauchnitz publishing house, Plockhorst drew different title-pages and frontispieces, e.g. for “Three tales for Girls” by the British author Dinah Maria Mulock Craik and for Charlotte M. Yonge’s book “The little Duke or Richard the Fearless. Ben Sylvester’s Word“ (1861).
His illustrations for the following two books became very successful,

</doc>
<doc id="20326448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326448" title="Steve Jansen (soccer)">
Steve Jansen (soccer)

Stephen Francis Jansen (born 4 November 1967 in Toronto, Ontario) in is a retired Canadian association football player who earned 8 caps for the Canadian national side between 1988 and 1989. He played club football for North York Rockets. His sister is figure-skater Astrid Jansen.

</doc>
<doc id="20326453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326453" title="John Stuart Skinner">
John Stuart Skinner

John Stuart Skinner (22 February 1788 – 21 March 1851) was an American lawyer, publisher, and editor.
Biography.
Skinner began practicing law as an attorney at the age of twenty-one in 1809. On March 10, 1812, he married Elizabeth G. Davies, the step-daughter of Theodorick Bland. Also in 1812, President James Madison made a special commission and selected Skinner to become a government agent "to receive and forward the ocean mails, to furnish the vessels with necessary supplies, and to see that nothing transpired prejudicial to the interests of the republic or offensive to enemies thus admitted under the guardianship of a flag of truce."
Skinner soon obtained the duty of agent for prisoners-of-war and parole. In 1813 Skinner was ordered to move his offices from Annapolis to Baltimore. He then accepted a purser's commission in the navy for the duration of the war.
On September 3, 1814, Skinner, as the prisoner-of-war exchange officer, was selected with Francis Scott Key, (1779–1843) by fourth President James Madison for a mission to release Dr. William Beanes, (1775–1824), who was being held prisoner by the British. Skinner and Key went on board General Ross's ship on September 7th, the "H.M.S. Tonnant" that was anchored in the Chesapeake Bay. Ross being a general in the British Army would not have "had" a ship. The "Tonnant" was the flagship of the British Admiral in command, Alexander Cochran and it would have been he, not Ross who would have made the determination to release Beanes. They were carrying a flag of truce and a letter authorized by President Madison setting out the case that Dr. Beanes should not have been arrested and taken prisoner because he had been an unarmed civilian when he previously arrested some British soldiers.
Skinner even had letters from these British soldiers that he presented to Ross praising the American doctors on how well the British soldiers were treated. This was an argument that Ross should release Dr. Beanes because of this excellent medical care. It is not known for sure if Dr. Beanes, being a medical doctor, was among those that treated the wounded British soldiers. Skinner with Key negotiated with Ross for nearly a week on board his ship and finally Ross agreed on the release of Dr. Beanes.
Upon the release of Beanes they were not allowed to return to Baltimore because of key information they had collected by being on board Ross's ship from September 7–13. They were transferred from the "Tonnant" to another British warship called the "Surprise" and then to their own sloop. They were just allowed to watch the attack on Fort McHenry from their own sloop, known as a cartel or truce boat, under British guard. The sloop was tethered to a British ship about eight miles (13 km) from Fort Mc Henry and guarded by a number of British marines to prevent any escape.
The morning of September 13 at seven o'clock the British bombardment of Baltimore began. The city was defended by Fort McHenry in the harbor. Skinner, Key, and Beanes initially watched a huge American flag flying above Fort McHenry made by Mary Pickersgill as a representation of the American resolve to defend Baltimore. The bombarding of the American forces at Fort McHenry during the Battle of Baltimore went into the night of September 13 with them not knowing how the battle was going.
When the smoke cleared on the morning of September 14, Key along with Skinner and Beanes were able to see the American flag still waving—Fort McHenry had not been taken by the British. On their way back to Baltimore, Key was inspired to write a poem that became the American national anthem, the "The Star Spangled Banner." It was Skinner whom Francis Scott Key first showed his work to and had it published.
Publications.
Skinner established in 1819 the "American Farmer", the first agricultural journal in the United States to attain prominence. The first recognized agricultural periodical, however, was the Agricultural Museum that started publication in 1810.
Skinner's periodical was warmly accepted by Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson, and Timothy Pickering. In 1829 Skinner published the first "American Turf Register and Sporting Magazine". His devotion to this work inticed him to dispose of the "American Farmer" the same year. Skinner sold this magazine after publishing it successfully for ten years.
In 1845 Skinner began a new publication, the "Farmer's Library and Monthly Journal of Agriculture". This was succeeded in 1848 by the "Plough, the Loom, and the Anvil", which he published until his death. The periodicals that Skinner published gave a new stimulus to agricultural pursuits and added to the general popularity of outdoor sports.
Positions.
Skinner was postmaster of Baltimore from 1816 until 1849.
Skinner served with Joshua Barney and became known as "Maryland's Paul Revere."
Skinner was at one time chief of the agricultural bureau of the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
In 1824 General Lafayette selected Skinner as agent to manage the grant of land that he had received by Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="20326491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326491" title="Norman Felton">
Norman Felton

Norman Felton (April 29, 1913 – June 25, 2012) was a British-born American television producer, best known for his involvement in shows such as "The Man from U.N.C.L.E." and "Dr. Kildare", both on NBC.
Background.
Norman Felton was born in London, the son of John Felton, a lithographer, and Gertrude Anne Felton, a cleaning lady. He left school at 13 to go to work. In 1929 the family emigrated to the USA where they settled in Cleveland, Ohio. Felton left his job as a truck driver to attend The University of Iowa where he received a bachelor's degree in 1940 and a master's in 1941. In 1940 he married Aline Stotts, they had three children.
Early career.
Felton started out directing community theatre before becoming a producer-director of radio programs for NBC in Chicago. In 1950 he moved to New York to direct live television shows. In 1952 he won an Emmy award for "Robert Montgomery Presents".
The 1960s.
The greatest successes of Felton's career came in the 1960s, when he produced and developed several classic television shows including "The Man from U.N.C.L.E." and "Dr. Kildare".
It was Felton who approached James Bond creator Ian Fleming to collaborate in the development of "U.N.C.L.E." When contractual obligations forced Fleming to pull out, Felton brought in Sam Rolfe to replace him. In 1965, he received a Golden Globe Award for "The Man from U.N.C.L.E." and 1966 he received an Emmy Award nomination for the same show.
Felton made one cameo appearance in "U.N.C.L.E.", as a chess player in the party scene of the first season episode, "The Giuoco Piano Affair".
At this time, he was also executive producer of the Wendell Corey/Jack Ging/Ralph Bellamy medical drama focusing on psychiatry, "The Eleventh Hour", which aired on NBC from 1962-1964.
Later career.
In 1975, he produced the made-for-television film "Babe" (for which he received another Emmy nomination) and in 1979, "And Your Name Is Jonah". He also produced "Hawkins", a drama featuring James Stewart as a defense lawyer, and the prime-time soap, "Executive Suite".
In 1997 he was awarded an Honorary Lifetime Membership of the Producers Guild of America.
He died of natural causes in Santa Barbara, California on June 25, 2012.
Norman Felton awards.
Norman Felton lent his name to multiple awards:

</doc>
<doc id="20326576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326576" title="Battle of Hanko (1941)">
Battle of Hanko (1941)

The Battle of Hanko (also known as the Hanko Front or the Siege of Hanko) was a lengthy series of small battles fought on Hanko Peninsula during the Continuation War between Finland and the Soviet Union in the second half of 1941. As both sides were eager to avoid a major, costly ground battle, fighting took the form of trench warfare, with artillery exchanges, sniping, patrol clashes, and small amphibious operations performed in the surrounding archipelago. A volunteer Swedish battalion served with Finnish forces in the siege. The last Soviet troops left the peninsula in December 1941.
Background.
As part of the 1940 Moscow Peace Treaty which formally ended the Soviet-Finnish Winter War, Hanko was leased to the Soviet Union as a naval base. The civilian population was forced to evacuate before Soviet forces arrived. The leased area included several surrounding islands, several coastal artillery sites (among them the important fort of Russarö), important harbor facilities, and an area suitable for an airfield, which the Soviets quickly constructed. Troop transport rights from the Soviet Union to Hanko and back put severe strain on Finnish-Soviet relations, and played a part both in Finland's decision to allow German troops to transit Northern Finland, and later, to go to war with the Soviet Union. Though Hanko had originally been leased as a naval base, ground forces were far more numerous, with only a small naval detachment being present at the base.
Operations.
At the start of the war, Finnish ground troops quickly isolated Hanko and its 25,300-man Soviet garrison. Though Mannerheim initially declared that liberating Hanko would be a primary goal of the war, Finnish troops in the area did not receive authorization to attack the base. Instead, as the Finns had built the Harparskog line on the border of the leased area during the Interim Peace, they moved to occupy these positions. The front remained mostly static, with action consisting mainly of artillery strikes and some limited probing or patrol activities on both sides. Small scale naval and amphibious actions took place in the surrounding archipelago. Finnish forces surrounding the base initially consisted of the 17th Division, the 4th Coastal Brigade, and supporting units. By the end of the summer, the 17th Division, which had made up the bulk of the besieging force, was transferred to East Karelia.
Finnish efforts to blockade the base from the sea were less successful, due both to strong Soviet resistance, and to equipment failures (such as torpedoes used by Finnish submarines, which often failed to detonate on impact). Minefields laid on the sea lanes leading to Hanko and the surrounding waters were more effective, claiming several Soviet supply vessels. These problems, in addition to the rapid German advance on the southern shore of the Gulf of Finland, caused the base to lose its importance and made it an untenably heavy burden for the Soviet Baltic Fleet. In autumn 1941 the order was given to evacuate Hanko. Base personnel, troops and most of their light equipment and supplies had been removed by December 1941. Heavier equipment which couldn't be readily moved was sabotaged or destroyed in place. Soviet naval forces performing the evacuation suffered heavy losses from minefields.
The Soviet base at Hanko, its accompanying coastal fort at Osmussaar, and the minefields laid to protect the Soviet Baltic Fleet had hindered Finnish and German naval activities, and had made it problematic for freighters to reach the Finnish ports of Helsinki and Kotka. As Finland lacked the resources to transport enough goods over land this caused severe logistical problems, with material stuck in seaports on the Western coast. Finnish and German minesweepers had opened a sea-lane through the minefields outside of the gun range of Russarö to allow freighters to reach even the Eastern ports, but it wasn't until the Soviet evacuation that they were able to clear the more secure coastal sea-lane, allowing safer passage.
Amphibious operations.
Both Finnish and Soviet coastal forces conducted numerous small-scale amphibious operations in the archipelago surrounding the Hanko Peninsula. The first of the these clashes took place at the beginning of July 1941; active operations ended the following October. Fighting on these small islands was often fierce, and withdrawing from them under fire was extremely hazardous. In general the operations had little effect on the overall battle, as territorial gains remained negligible.
Battle of Bengtskär.
After capturing the small island of Morgonlandet in July 1941, Soviet forces launched a small-scale amphibious assault against the Finnish island of Bengtskär, which had a lighthouse and was thus an important observation post. The initial landing, performed in the middle of the night in foggy conditions, was successful, as Finnish sentries believed the approaching boats to be German minesweepers; however, the small garrison recovered quickly. Putting up fierce resistance, the Finns managed to retain control of the lighthouse while summoning help from nearby naval forces and coastal artillery. The fighting continued throughout the night. In the morning Finnish reinforcements were able to force the remaining Soviet raiders to surrender and drive their naval support away.
Evacuation.
The evacuation of Hanko was performed in several convoys, between October 16 and December 2, 1941, which managed to transport roughly 23,000 troops to Leningrad. The fleet suffered casualties from Finnish minefields and coastal artillery, losing 3 destroyers and 2 large transports ("Andrei Zhdanov" and "Iosif Stalin") as well as several smaller vessels. Finnish troops entering the area found it heavily mined.

</doc>
<doc id="20326652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326652" title="MV Yasa Neslihan">
MV Yasa Neslihan

The MV "Yasa Neslihan" is a bulk cargo ship owned and operated by the Istanbul based Turkish company YA-SA Denizcilik A.Ş. (YA-SA Maritime Co.), a subsidiary of YA-SA Holding A.Ş., sailing under a Marshall Islands flag of convenience. She joined company's fleet on November 14, 2005.
On October 29, 2008, the ship was captured by Somali pirates in the twenty-ninth such attack in 2008.
The "Yasa Neslihan"s crew (at the time of capture) consisted of 20 Turks.
Hijacking.
On 29 October 2008, the "Yasa Neslihan" was hijacked near the Gulf of Aden. The ship was allegedly heading to China, from Canada transporting 77,000 tons of iron ore. The owner company learned about the seizure of the ship through vessel's alarm system. NATO warships followed the hijacked ship from a distance, made however no attempt to intervene. The pirates did not contact the owner to make any request before the ship anchored. The ship-owner received information from NATO only about the ship's coordinates.
Fehmi Ulgener, the lawyer and the spokesman of the ship-owner, said at a press conference on November 1 that "the captain of the ship called us and said their ship anchored. He said the pirates treated them well and the crew was in good health condition". On November 4, the spokesman said the pirates demanded a ransom to return the ship and the crew, without disclosing the amount of the ransom.
On 6 January 2009 the ship was released, Andrew Mwangura, East Africa's Coordinator of Seafarers Assistance Program said "Gunmen have released one of the three Turkish ships. The vessel was released on Tuesday and I'm not sure whether ransom was paid".

</doc>
<doc id="20326662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326662" title="Bad Amanda">
Bad Amanda

"Bad Amanda" is the tenth episode in the third season, the 51st episode overall, of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which aired on December 4, 2008. The episode was written by Chris Black and directed by John Putch.
Plot.
As the day begins, Betty tells Hilda about Amanda and is very concerned about her expenses and living arrangements, including not paying part of her rent, and when they see her arrive with shopping bags, Betty attempts to tell Amanda that she has to come up with a way to pay her part of the rent, stop eating Betty's food and wearing Betty's clothes. Amanda however ignores Betty as usual, blaming it on an imaginary person named "Bad Ronald." As Betty tells Christina about her situation, Christina warns Betty about living in an apartment in Manhattan that is out of Betty's bracket, even with cash-strapped Amanda around, and that she can't survive on ramen alone let alone pay the rent.
That same day, Daniel and Wilhelmina has announced that Mode just launched ModeNY.com and has opened it up to the staff. Betty pitches, and with Amanda's social savvy, lands a story idea: How to have fun in NY on zero dollars. So Amanda come up with the perfect title for the article, appropriately called "How I Blew Ten Grand Without Spending a Dime". And despite Betty's reluctance, even after telling her family about her first article for the website, their partnership is pretty good, to a point.
Amanda seems to have all the ideas and know-how, as she shows Betty how to take advantage of makeup samples from pricey stores, tucking in the tag of a $2000 garment to return later, drinking free booze at gallery exhibits, and allowing generous men to buy them dinner. All goes well when the two guys that they met at the gallery, Claudio and Luca, ply the girls with expensive champagne during a dinner date ... until the bill comes and the men were nowhere to be found. Stunned by the high priced bill, Betty uses a ploy by telling the manager that she plan to feature the restaurant on the Modeny.com website. After seeing sweat pouring down Betty's face, the manager buys Betty's story. Unfortunately, after they leave the restaurant, Amanda discovers that her wallet is gone (it was stolen by the aforementioned guys), along with the rent money. Betty becomes furious over what Amanda did and tells her flat out that they will be evicted because of Amanda's irresponsibility (by calling her "Bad Amanda"), then walks away and heads towards her family home in Queens to have a heart to heart talk with Ignacio.
The following day, Daniel tells Betty that he liked the article and thinks that she and Amanda make a great team. But as she sees Amanda running from her, Betty is stunned to see Amanda wearing a waitress' outfit, as Amanda has taken on a second job. While Betty tells her that there's now extra cash, she tells Amanda that she may want to keep that second job. Later back at the apartment, Betty surprises Amanda with a dinner for her day at work and gives her roommate a new wallet.
Wilhelmina's feelings for Connor continues to consume her. It appears that she has Marc spying on Connor's every move. Even Christina (who reminds Willi she's not due for at least two months) notices and calls her on it. Christina also reveals that the unborn Meade will be a boy and also calls Willi out on whether she really wants this child, which Willi responds by finally admitting that even though her main reason was to get part of the Meade empire through the baby, she tells Christina that she wants to be a part of the child's life.
Meanwhile, Daniel and Molly's friendship has become more noticeably closer than ever, a move that has observer Claire literally slapping Daniel's face, warning him that she is still engaged to Connor. Later that evening Daniel shows Molly "The Closet" where she gets to pick an outfit. After she settles on a red dress Daniel and Molly starts to share an almost-kiss until Molly runs off and leaves Daniel standing there, which is caught on surveillance that's conveniently viewed by Wilhelmina (courtesy of Marc), who just found a way to win Connor as her man, future husband and acting father to her yet unborn son.
Production.
This episode's production number was originally listed as 311 (Season 3, episode 11), but was renumbered due to an error.
This also marks the first time in the series' run that an episode was named for one of its principal characters on the show other than Betty. And as with "Don't Ask, Don't Tell", this episode centered around Becki Newton's Amanda persona. Also Amanda's last name was mentioned as "Tanen-Sommers" in this episode.
Reception.
In a review from zap2it, "Sticking with Ugly Betty's snotty characters usually pays off because they eventually expose a bit of sympathetic humanity. Tonight was Amanda's turn. Amanda isn't the worst roommate ever (that award would go to my friends' roommate who practiced bulimia in the shared shower), but she's no prize. Besides treating Betty like a servant, wearing her clothes, and blaming the missing food on the mythical Bad Ronald, she doesn't even bother paying rent. This is New York: Rent is supreme."
In "Entertainment Weekly"'s review, Tanner Stransky was excited to see Ashley Jensen get some screen time in this outing: "I'm happy to report that for the first time in quite a while, Christina (played by Jensen) enjoyed a quip-filled episode on Ugly Betty. Move over, sound bite bullies Willy and Marc! Christina's Scottish accent was in hilarious effect this week. See: The Mode fashion closet mistress and carrier of Willy's test-tube devil spawn calling the clinking of ice cubes "a Scottish lullaby." Good stuff!"
Ratings.
The episode scored a 5.8/9 rating overall, with a 2.6/7 in 18-49s and 8.47 million viewers (roughly up by 200,000 more viewers from the previous showing) tuning in.

</doc>
<doc id="20326689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326689" title="Minkowski distance">
Minkowski distance

The Minkowski distance is a metric on Euclidean space which can be considered as a generalization of both the Euclidean distance and the Manhattan distance.
Definition.
The Minkowski distance of order "p" between two points
is defined as:
For formula_3, the Minkowski distance is a metric as a result of the Minkowski inequality. For formula_4, it is not - the distance between (0,0) and (1,1) is formula_5, but the point (0,1) is a distance 1 from both of these points. Hence, this violates the triangle inequality.
Minkowski distance is typically used with "p" being 1 or 2. The latter is the Euclidean distance, while the former is sometimes known as the Manhattan distance. In the limiting case of "p" reaching infinity, we obtain the Chebyshev distance:
Similarly, for "p" reaching negative infinity, we have:
The Minkowski distance can also be viewed as a multiple of the power mean of the component-wise differences between "P" and "Q".
The following figure shows unit circles with various values of "p":
External links.
Simple IEEE 754 implementation in C++

</doc>
<doc id="20326706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326706" title="Pneumatic trail">
Pneumatic trail

Pneumatic trail or trail of the tire is a trail-like effect generated by compliant tires rolling on a hard surface and subject to side loads, as in a turn. More technically, it is the distance that the resultant force of side-slip occurs behind the geometric center of the contact patch.
Causes.
Pneumatic trail is caused by the progressive build-up of lateral force along the length of the contact patch, such that lateral forces are greater towards the rear of the contact patch (though less so when the rear of the contact patch begins sliding) and this creates a torque on the tire called the self aligning torque. Because the direction of the side-slip is towards the outside of a turn, the force on the tire is towards the center of the turn. Therefore, this torque tends to turn the front wheel in the direction of the side-slip, away from the direction of the turn.
Variation.
Pneumatic trail is at its maximum when the slip angle is zero and decreases as slip angle increases. Pneumatic trail increases with vertical load.

</doc>
<doc id="20326741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326741" title="Furlong (surname)">
Furlong (surname)

Furlong is an Irish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="20326758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326758" title="Rayne (BloodRayne)">
Rayne (BloodRayne)

Rayne, sometimes called Agent BloodRayne, is a fictional character in the "BloodRayne" series of video games. Created by Majesco Entertainment, she is the series' titular protagonist, appearing in both games and later extended media, such as comic books and films related to the series. She has also appeared in other formats, such as an MTV music video and the first entry in "Playboy"s "Gaming Grows Up" series of articles. In video games she is voiced by Laura Bailey in English, Jessie Seely in BloodRayne: Betrayal, and Romi Park in Japanese. She was portrayed by Kristanna Loken in the first live action film, and by Natassia Malthe for its sequels.
Appearances.
Rayne is a American Dhampir, born 1915. Her mother was raped by her vampire father, Kagan. Kagan later murdered her mother's entire family so that the only family member Rayne could turn to was him. This was a policy for all of the dhampir he "created", possibly so that humans wouldn't revolt and use the vampire/dhampir weakness of the sun, holy items and water against them.
Circa 1933, she spent her teenage years trying to hunt down and kill her father, to avenge her family. Her search led her to Europe, where she murdered vampires before being apprehended. She claimed that her victims had been vampires, but was disbelieved by the authorities, but quickly managed to escape from them and continue her hunt.
She was recruited into the mysterious Brimstone Society via an invitation. The Brimstone Society sent her on missions to eliminate supernatural threats to the world. One of these missions required her to use her vampiric powers against the Nazis, who were on the verge of using magical artifacts to bring the demon Beliar back to life. Rayne also learned of a plan to use demonic parasites called 'Daemites' against the enemies of the Nazis, after they had been tested on prisoners. The background to the story is influenced by the existence of various historically real Nazi occult groups such as the Thule society.
In 2005, Rayne appeared in Majesco's "Infected" as an unlockable character. When asked if she had a storyline of her own for the title, Majesco producer Dean Martinetti stated no, adding that the game's protagonist "just happens" to resemble the character.
Conception and design.
Rayne's character was inspired by an existing Terminal Reality-created character, the dhampir Svetlana Lupescu, who appeared in their 1999 game "Nocturne". Described as initially having a "militant, dark gothic look [...] a brunette with tight buns in her hair and a very severe body line", the character went through several design changes, with an active goal to make her as appealing and distinctive as possible in order to create a franchise with lasting appeal. To this end they worked to give her a unique look, relying not only on making the character sexually appealing but also make her stand out in people's eyes, which producer Raymond Holmes her arm blades achieved. Her design was additionally intended to have a presence "both menacing and sexy at the same time", which he felt made her "a particularly strong female lead character with lots of attitude".
Majesco manager Liz Buckley in interviews said her designers had learned from focus groups that boys and young men not only liked female lead characters, but that they paid more attention to them. She added that "injecting sensuality" into Rayne's character design, describing her appearance as "lethal erotica" and adding that she felt no problem using the fact Rayne was "inherently sexy" to promote the character. Additional care for detail was done for her face, after noting focus groups wished to see it as compared to solely seeing the character from behind. Buckley went on to state "T&A will only get you so far", adding that while the character was aimed at a target audience of males ages seventeen to thirty-four, she felt the character had a female fan following as well due to being "empowering to play".
The character's in-game movements were animated by hand for the first title, and in the sequel were augmented by motion capture to "allow for more realist-looking movement". She added that with "BloodRayne 2" the character model had also been heavily altered, adding "about one thousand" more polygons and using less on her hair in order to use more on her "curves and body line", as well as give her a more mature appearance. When questioned about the similarities between Rayne and another female vampire character Durham Red from the comic book series "2000 AD", game designer Joe Wampole stated that while similar they had not previously heard of the character, and added regarding their similar appearance "I think it is just natural to put a vamp chick in black leather and either color her hair black or red."
Laura Bailey described providing voice acting for the character as "a blast", though added she couldn't say she identified with the character. Bailey stated that during voice acting sessions, the director would occasionally approach her with changes to the game's script; if the dialogue was nasty enough to cause her to blush while saying the lines, he felt the change was good. Romi Park stated Rayne's appearance had a large impact upon her, citing Rayne's red hair and her desire to further understand the character. She went further to describe her portrayal of the character as exhibiting "lots of sadness" as well as "strong sense of justice".
Promotion and reception.
Rayne is the first video game character that appeared in "Playboy", in the October 2004 U.S. edition as part of an article entitled "Gaming Grows Up". She has also made appearance in MTV's "Video Mods", which a music video portrayed her performing Evanescence's song "Everybody's Fool". "Having "BloodRayne" as one of the premiere 'performers' in MTV2's 'Video Mods' show is a testament to her popularity and appeal," said Ken Gold, vice president of Marketing, Majesco. "We are thrilled to see "BloodRayne" star in a music video and we applaud MTV2's creative blending of entertainment mediums and properties." In 2009, she was one of several characters featured in cosplayed as part of a "Video Game Girls" burlesque show at bar The Bordello in Los Angeles, as a tie-in to the year's E3 event.
"Electronic Gaming Monthly" featured Rayne in their "Art of Gaming" special, noting her popularity and attractiveness; however, in a later article they decried her appearance in "Playboy", stating that further similar exhibitions would damage how the public perceived the character. UGO.com described her as "epitome of a video game hotttie," placing her fourth on their list of the "Top 11 Video Game Heroine Hotties" and praising both her appearance and abilities, later and listed as one of the "Top 50 Videogame Hotties" at number twenty with similar sentiments. She placed eleventh on their list of the "Top 50 Sexiest Vampires", which noted that while she represented a negative aspect of video games in 2002, a "scantily-clad heroine in a graphically violent third-person adventure", her feature in "Playboy" despite not being real meant "they did something right", and ranked eighth in their "The Most Badass Vampire Slayers".
She was placed seventh spot on the list of the "greatest asses" and her breasts were also ranked as the ninth best in video game history by Joystick Division.GameDaily ranked her twelfth on their list of the "Top 50 Hottest Game Babes", stating "only thing sexier than a female vampire is [one that kills Nazis", also listing her as one of their favorite red-haired females related to video games. "Complex" listed her as the 17th hottest video game character. Several other lists have featured her in a similar context, such as those by Team Xbox and Spike TV, and was also named one of the "50 Greatest Female Characters in Video Game History" by Tom's Games, as well as in "The 50 Greatest Heroines In Video Game History" by "Complex" at 49th place.
In contrast, the character has been cited as exemplifying a recurring negative portrayal of female characters in video games.

</doc>
<doc id="20326781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326781" title="Whispering (song)">
Whispering (song)

"Whispering" is a popular song with lyrics by John Schoenberger and Richard Coburn, and music by Vincent Rose. It was most famously recorded by Paul Whiteman and his Ambassador Orchestra on August 23, 1920 for Victor as 18690-A. Denver-born ex-army bandleader Whiteman was dubbed "King of Jazz", an appellation supported largely by a long series of hits beginning in 1920 with his release of "Whispering", an eleven-week U.S. No. 1 hit, which stayed 20 weeks in the charts and sold in excess of two million copies. The song charted twice in the sixties. In 1963, Irish singers the Bachelors had a hit with their version which went to the Top 20 in the UK. In 1964, following up , "Deep Purple", American singers and brother and sister act Nino Tempo and April Stevens had a with the song. This version went to number eleven on the Hot 100 and number four on the Easy Listening chart.
According to Allmusic, there have been over 700 versions of the song. The Pasadena Roof Orchestra has covered the song on at least one album ("The Best of the Pasadena Roof Orchestra" in 1973). George Gershwin made a piano roll of his own arrangement (really a set of variations) for solo piano which is currently available on a commercial recording, as is an arrangement for voices and piano by the Comedian Harmonists. Harry Belafonte recorded the song during the first year of his recording career, in December 1949.
A 2010 search for the song "Whispering" on the commercial internet music site LaLa.com yielded 161 results of recordings with the title "Whispering". Notable artists included Miles Davis, Sonny Rollins, Benny Goodman, Tommy Dorsey, Frank Sinatra, Les Paul, Mary Ford, and Oscar Peterson.
The jazz tune "Groovin' High", composed by Dizzy Gillespie, is based on the harmonic structure of "Whispering".
The first recording of the song, as an instrumental, was made on July 1, 1920, by Ray Miller and his Black and White Melody Boys (Okeh 4167-A).
The film, "Greenwich Village" starring Don Ameche, is based on the song, "WHISPERING".
You can find a genially mixed-version (Groovin High+Whispering) by Al Jarreau on the studio album "ACCENTUATE THE POSITIVE"(2004)

</doc>
<doc id="20326787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326787" title="Garra Dembélé">
Garra Dembélé

Garra Dembélé (born 21 February 1986) is a French-born Malian footballer. He currently plays as a forward for Omonia on loan from SC Freiburg.
Career.
Born in Gennevilliers, Dembélé began his career in INF Clairefontaine, before being transferred to Auxerre. On 1 June 2006, he was released from the club for disciplinary reasons. In January 2007, he joined Istres. After six months there, Dembélé moved to AGF Århus. In July 2008, he signed with Pierikos in Greece.
Lokomotiv Plovdiv.
After an year and a half, in which he played 32 games and scored six goals, Dembélé left Pierikos to sign with Bulgarian club Lokomotiv Plovdiv in January 2010. He appeared in 14 games for the Smurfs and scored five goals.
Levski Sofia.
On 5 June 2010, it was announced that Dembélé had signed for Levski Sofia. On 9 June 2010, Dembélé was officially presented as a Levski Sofia player. The transfer fee was around €200,000 on a three-year contract. He made his unofficial debut against Metalist Kharkiv on 1 July 2010 and scored in a 3–2 win.
His official debut for Levski was in a match against Dundalk F.C., in the second qualifying round for Europa League. Levski had won the first match 6–0, with Dembélé scoring once. In the return match Levski won 0–2, with Dembele scoring both goals. In the first round of the A PFG Dembélé scored the winning goal for Levski in the Eternal Derby against CSKA Sofia.
He scored a further two goals in the next Europa League qualification round against Swedish Kalmar FF. The play-off against AIK Fotboll saw Dembélé scoring another decisive goal for his new club, ensuring Levski's qualification to the Group stages of the Europa League. They were drawn in Group C alongside Gent, Lille and Sporting CP. With his six goals in six games Dembélé was the leading goalscorer in the Europa League qualification matches.
On 9 August 2010, Dembélé scored his first hat-trick for Levski against Lokomotiv Sofia. The result of the match was 3–1 with a home win for Levski Sofia. He further added to his tally in the competition by scoring in the 3–2 home win against Gent in UEFA Europa League, scoring his seventh goal in the competition. With this win Levski recorded an eight-match unbeaten run in European competitions, a run which was ended after Levski suffered a heavy 5–0 defeat against Sporting CP, followed by another loss against Lille. In Sofia, Levski played very well against Lille, with Dembélé scoring the opening goal in the match. The Blues were leading 2–1 until Ivo Ivanov scored an own goal to make it 2–2. In the last match of Group C, already eliminated Levski won against Sporting CP 1–0 -the winning goal was scored by Daniel Mladenov, who was assisted by Dembélé.
However, Dembélé continued his goal-scoring spree in the Bulgarian A Professional Football Group. By 17 September 2010 he had already scored two hat-tricks in the competition against Lokomotiv Sofia and Minyor Pernik respectively. He also scored the winning penalties in the victories against Vidima-Rakovski and Cherno More. He continued his good games after scoring the first goal against Beroe in a 2–1 win for Levski.
He scored his third hat-trick in the A PFG against Pirin Blagoevgrad in Levski's 4–1 win at Georgi Asparuhov, helping his team come back from being 1–0 down. After this, he scored a goal against Litex Lovech, but Levski lost the game by a score of 1–2 and suffered a run of three straight defeats. 
In February 2011, during the preparation for the second part of the season, it was announced that Dembélé would wear the number nine jersey, following his decision to stay during the 2010–11 winter transfer window.
He was rated among the most efficient attacking players of the 2010–11 season in Europe, with a goal at every 76.89 minutes.
Dembélé has expressed his satisfaction with the way he was received by Levski supporters, but has been less magnanimous in his assessments regarding the quality of the training sessions during his time in Bulgaria.
SC Freiburg.
On 3 June 2011, it was officially announced that Dembélé had been bought by SC Freiburg for 2.5 million euros. It was the first time in the club's history that it paid over two million euros for a transfer, making it the largest transfer fee Freiburg has ever paid. On 28 June 2011, Dembélé made his unofficial debut for the team and netted a goal in the 4–1 win over TSG Balingen in a friendly match. On 6 August 2011, he made his first official appearance, coming on as a late substitute in the 2–2 away draw with FC Augsburg in a Bundesliga match. Dembélé's first Bundesliga start came on 28 October 2011, in the 0–1 home loss against Bayer Leverkusen. After making nine appearances for the club without a goal, Dembélé netted for the first time in the Bundesliga on 26 November 2011, scoring a last-minute goal to secure a 1–1 away draw with TSG 1899 Hoffenheim.
Wuhan Zall (loan).
In February 2013, after finding it difficult to secure a starting spot with the German side, Dembélé was loaned out to Chinese Super League club Wuhan Zall until the end of the year. He made his official debut on 16 March 2013, playing the full 90 minutes in the 0–1 home loss against Beijing Guoan. Dembélé netted his first goal on 27 April, opening the scoring in the 2–3 away defeat against Tianjin Teda. On 3 August 2013, he was sent off for the first time in the 0–3 away loss against Dalian Aerbin.
International career.
He was part of the France under-18 team from 2003 to 2004. Dembélé was eligible to represent either France or Mali at senior international level, but in November 2010, he chose to play for Mali. Dembélé earned his first call-up to the national side of Mali, the country of his parents, for the friendly match against Congo DR, but did not feature in the game.
On 8 February 2011, he finally made his debut for Mali, playing the first 45 minutes of the 0–1 loss against Ivory Coast in a friendly match. Dembélé earned his second cap for Mali in the 1:1 draw with Burkina Faso on 11 November 2011. In January 2012, he was included in the Mali squad for the 2012 African Cup of Nations. On 24 January 2012, Dembélé made his first appearance in an official tournament for Mali, entering the fray as a 64th minute replacement for Cheick Diabaté in the 1–0 win over Guinea. A week later, he scored his first goal for the team during the same tournament, against Botswana. Mali eventually finished in third place, with Dembélé participating in five of their six matches.
International Goals.
"Current as of 1 February 2012."
Personal life.
While playing in Auxerre he had been convicted of driving while intoxicated resulting in suspension of his driving licence. Later he was again punished for driving without a license.
In October 2006, he was accused of rape by a 22-year old American student while in Rome, but was later released and allowed to return to France.
On 2 December 2010, he was arrested in Sofia for drunk driving and producing a fake driving license. On 2 February 2011, Dembélé was handed an eight-month suspended sentence for drink-driving offence. He was handed the suspended sentence with a three-year probation period after being caught 
drink-driving in December and presenting police with a forged driving licence.

</doc>
<doc id="20326799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326799" title="Dragana Marinković">
Dragana Marinković

Dragana Marinković (born 19 October 1982) is a volleyball player who competed for the Croatian and Serbian women's national teams in the 2000s. She is tall. Marinković has played for seven seasons in the Italian Serie A. In the season 2009/2010, she moved to Pesaro.

</doc>
<doc id="20326800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326800" title="Uncial 0230">
Uncial 0230

Uncial 0230 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek-Latin uncial manuscript of the New Testament. The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the 4th century.
Description.
The manuscript contains a small parts of the Epistle to the Ephesians 6:11-12 in Greek and Ephesians 6:5-6 in Latin, on 1 parchment leaf (34 by 27 cm). It is written in two columns per page. Only 4 lines has preserved (because of its fragmentary), but the original manuscripts was written in 19-24 per page. It is written colometrically. It has some kind of relationship to Codex Claromontanus.
The form of the letter Mu shows that the scribe was accustomed to the Coptic alphabet.
The Greek text of this codex is too brief to classify. Aland did not place it in any Category. It does not contain any variant readings of real importance for textual critics.
History.
The fragment was found near Antinoe in Egypt. It was published as 1306, among the Papiri Greci e Latini. On the list of the Greek New Testament manuscripts it has received the number 0230. In the Beuron edition of the Vetus Latina the Latin text has received the number 85.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th century.
It was described by Cardinal Mercati.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1953.
The codex formerly was housed at the Laurentian Library (PSI 1306), in Florence. The owner of the codex is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20326834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326834" title="Volha Khizhynkova">
Volha Khizhynkova

Volha Khizhynkova is a beauty pageant contestant who won the title of Miss Belarus 2008, and represented Belarus in Miss World 2008 in Johannesburg, South Africa. She completed her studies and works as a model.

</doc>
<doc id="20326846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326846" title="Wendy Sweeney">
Wendy Sweeney

Wendy Sweeney, also known as the "Potty Whisperer" or the "Potty Nazi", is a pediatric Registered nurse who runs "Booty Camp", a course that aims to speed toilet training for children.
Booty Camp.
Booty Camp is a course run out of the kitchen in her suburban Chicago home. She claims a 96 to 98 per cent success rate. It consists of a five-hour session, and costs US$250. Children must be 2½ years old or older in order to be admitted.
The course is based on Nathan H. Azrin's book "Toilet Training in Less Than a Day".
She claims to have trained nearly 500 children with the method.
Al Roker has taken his son.
Personal life.
Sweeney is married and has six children, and has been a potty training expert for over 11 years. Wendy graduated from Triton College School of Nursing, and has worked at several Chicago area hospitals including Loyola University Hospital. Through Booty Camp Mom, Sweeney provides potty training seminars for groups as well as individual sessions. Sweeney has also been working with various school districts and therapeutic centers to provide services for children with special needs.

</doc>
<doc id="20326862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326862" title="Tião Carreiro &amp; Pardinho">
Tião Carreiro &amp; Pardinho

Tião Carreiro & Pardinho (also known as Tião Carreiro e Pardinho) is a Brazilian sertanejo musical duo.
Tião Carreiro (real name: José Dias Nunes), born in a farm in the outskirts of Araçatuba city, in the Brazilian state of São Paulo, started to lear how to play the acoustic guitar at a very young age. Later, only 13, he went to work in the Giglio Circus, where he made a music pair with his cousin Waldomiro. The circus owner encouraged Tião to learn the "viola caipira" (a kind of steel ten-string acoustic guitar). Tião Carreiro played along with various other "violeiros" ("viola caipira" players that create "música caipira" or Brazilian hillbilly song).
He reached fame with Pardinho (real name: Antônio Henrique de Lima), consolidating the music double as Tião Carreiro e Pardinho. Alongside Pardinho, Tião Carreiro is credited as the inventor of the "Pagode" (not to be confused with the Pagode style of Samba), the rural "Pagode" ("Pagode Caipira").
Influenced.
Among the "violeiros" such as César Menotti & Fabiano, Chitãozinho & Xororó, Milionário e José Rico among others, Tião Carreiro e Pardinho are viewed as one of the most influential songwriters/singers of the "Música Sertaneja" style of Brazilian popular music.
Major Hits.
Between their major hits we have: "Pagode em Brasília" (en.: "Pagode in Brasília"), their first success (recorded in 1959), "Boi Soberano" (en.: "Sovereign Ox"), "Filhinho de Papai" (en.: "Daddy's Little Son") and "Cochilou o Cacimbo Cai" (en.: "If You Sleep You Lose the Pipe"). The complete discography sums to up to 45 albums, being, nowadays, considered to be one of the most influential Brazilian "caipira" pairs of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="20326891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326891" title="Wabash Blues">
Wabash Blues

Wabash Blues, with words by Dave Ringle and music by Fred Meinken, was the first success for pianist, saxophonist and song composer Isham Jones (1894-1956). Recorded in 1921 by "Isham Jones and his Orchestra", this million-seller stayed twelve weeks in the U.S. charts, six at No. 1.
The author of the original melody of the Wabash Blues is unknown. Though the song was recorded by Isham Jones and his ensemble, the piece was written Joseph E. Maddy. Prior to being called "Wabash Blues", the first name of this significant early jazz standard was called "The Trombone Jazz" and was orchestrated by Joseph E. Maddy in the Summer of 1918 at Kansas City's Electric Park - a then Summer proving ground for vaudeville artists. At the beginning of Jones' career in Chicago he played in the Edgewater Beach hotel dance band with Maddy and the early jazz sax team of Jones on alto and Maddy on tenor were in great demand -- it is through this partnership that Jones came in contact with Wabash Blues.

</doc>
<doc id="20326892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326892" title="I'm Countryfied">
I'm Countryfied

"I'm Countryfied" is a 1980 country album by Mel McDaniel. The album peaked at number 24 on the Top Country Albums charts. The biggest hit on the album, and also one of McDaniel's biggest hits, was "Louisiana Saturday Night," which reached number 7 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts. Also on the US Country charts, the title track, "Countryfied," peaked at number 23, "Hello Daddy Good Morning Darling" peaked at number 39, and "Right in the Palm of Your Hand" peaked at number 10.

</doc>
<doc id="20326896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326896" title="Erina Mano">
Erina Mano

, born April 11, 1991 in Kanagawa, Japan is a Japanese pop singer and actress formerly associated with Hello! Project. She joined in 2006 as a member of Hello Pro Egg, as a trainee. In 2007, she became a member of the Hello! Project futsal team Gatas Brilhantes H.P. and its musical group Ongaku Gatas. On March 29, 2008 she became a soloist after graduating from Ongaku Gatas, working under the management and promotion of J.P Room, and later under Just Production. Mano graduated from Hello! Project on February 23, 2013.
History.
2008.
Mano Erina joined Hello! Project as a Hello! Pro Egg in 2006 after passing the Up-Front Group "Egg" Audition. In 2007, she was one of the six members of the Hello! Pro Egg to be added to Ongaku Gatas and became a reserve player for Gatas Brilhantes H.P.. She graduated from Ongaku Gatas on March 2, 2008 and Hello! Pro Egg on March 29, 2008 to debut as a soloist. On June 29, 2008 she released her debut indie, "Manopiano".
She's been featured as the opening act in various of her Senpai's concerts (Natsumi Abe, Morning Musume, Berryz Kobo and Cute), starting in August 2008.
2009.
Having received piano lessons since kindergarten, Mano's solo work within Hello! Project prominently features her playing the piano parts of her musical releases and providing the vocal and piano parts of her songs while performing in concerts and at live events. In 2008, Mano released three singles under an independent label. She has debuted under a major label Hachama with the single "Otome no Inori", released on March 18, 2009. It reached a number three position on the Oricon charts the first day of release and reached number five on the weekly chart. In 2009, Erina was announced as being one of the members of the new version of Pucchi Moni, also known as Petit Moni or PucchiMoni V.
Mano's songs are usually composed by KAN. Aya Matsuura has told her via a video comment in April 2009 that she "...needs to be the best singer in H!P, and in order to do that, she'll need to be a better singer than Ai Takahashi."
2010.
Mano, along with S/mileage and Morning Musume will star in the CS-Fuji TV-TWO dorama "Half Esper" which will begin broadcasting on January 2010. Mano's role is a half-trained esper that left a secret government esper research organization known as Kokueken, without being able to fully control her supernatural powers.
In 2010 as well, the TBS drama "Mano Spy" will begin, where Mano plays herself, under the fictional premise that she's an undercover agent. She's sent to Japan as a spy for the Queen of England, and ends up passing an idol audition, so she has trouble with her espionage duties. The theme song of the show is "Matsuge no Saki ni Kimi ga Iru" (from Mano's first album). The show will begin streaming on the internet on January 26 and will be broadcast on BS-TBS on February 27.
She also was in a new drama called "DEATH GAME PARK".
On July 1, 2010, Mano made her US debut in Los Angeles. "Kai-Ki: Tales of Terror from Tokyo", a Japanese horror film in which she starred and had its world premiere at Club Nokia. Mano also had a short mini concert, a mini Q and A, and an autograph session for the fans who attended the event.
2011.
In 2011, Mano Erina's radio show, "Mano-Deli", was replaced by Morning Musume 9th gen member Sayashi Riho's "Riho-Deli"
Also in 2011, It was announced that Mano would star in a short film called "Miyuki's Wind Bell".
In 2011 Mano Erina had her another solo concert named, Mano Erina’s Concert Tour 2011〜Hatachi no Otome 801DAYS.
In July Mano Erina made a public appearance at South Korea to attend the Puchon International Fantastic Film which would film her movie.
2012.
In 2012 July, 21, Mano announced that she'll be graduating from Hello!Project on last day of her last solo concert.
Activities outside Japan.
On July 1, 2010 Mano Erina gave her first appearance outside Japan, at Club Nokia in Los Angeles, for her movie debut, "Kai-Ki: Tales of Horror". Erina Mano sang two songs before the screening and held a Q&A and autograph session for her fans.
In July 2011 Mano Erina made her second appearance outside Japan in South Korea. Just like her USA debut Mano went to attend the Puchon International Fantastic Film Festival which would screen her movie "Kai-Ki: Tales of Horror". During her stay Mano was highly welcomed and even had fans waiting for her at the airport to greet her.

</doc>
<doc id="20326917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326917" title="The Shallow Call">
The Shallow Call

The Shallow Call were an Emocore/Jazz Fusion Orchestra from Osaka, Japan. Since their founding in 1906, they have played hundreds of shows inside Paris Hilton, supporting bands such as The Shallow Call and The Shallow Call and gaining airplay on The Shallow Call Radio, a radio station they set up to allow themselves to gain airplay.

</doc>
<doc id="20326929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326929" title="Alan Keith-Lucas">
Alan Keith-Lucas

Alan Keith-Lucas (1910–1995), known during the early part of his life as Alan Lucas, was a social worker and professor at the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill who worked primarily in the field of residential childcare.
Early life.
Alan Lucas was one of three sons of Keith Lucas, inventor of the first aeronautical compass. His brothers were the aeronautical engineer David Keith-Lucas and the political scientist Bryan Keith-Lucas, and they all changed their surname in honour of their father. 
He was educated at Gresham's School and then at the University of Cambridge, graduating Bachelor of Arts, a first degree which as usual later gave him the title of Master of Arts. Interested in the emerging profession of social work, not then studied at post-graduate level in Britain, Keith-Lucas moved to the United States. At Case Western Reserve University, he earned a Master's degree in Social Administration, and he went on to take a Doctorate in Philosophy from Duke University.
Career.
In 1950, Alan joined the faculty of the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill. He also founded the Group Child Care Consultants Services, a vehicle to help private and public group homes better serve their juvenile population. He was later named Alumni Distinguished Professor Social Work.
As a consultant, Alan was well regarded. He often held controversial and challenging views in regards to childhood development and the structure of group homes. He believed in the primacy of getting the larger family unit involved, using state welfare agencies as a temporary reprieve for children while an intervention was made to get the family back on track.
Beliefs.
Alan's ideas about how to intervene with problematic family situations were sometimes controversial. Unlike many others in his field, he readily endorsed the use of group homes as the first, not the last, intervention. His positions were sometimes unpopular with administrators, and especially policymakers.
Retirement.
Though Alan retired in 1975 from active teaching, he was still heavily involved in social work. He served on the board of the North American Association of Christian Social Workers, lectured, and consulted with residential child care agencies. He continued to write and publish journal articles and books until his death in 1995. His collection of personal writings and correspondence are archived at Roberts Wesleyan College 
Sources.
Powell, J.Y. (1996). Alan Keith Lucas, PhD, 1910-1995: Teacher extradoinaire. "Residential treatment for children & youth", 14(2).
Sherwood, D.A. (1995). In memory: Alan-Keith Lucas. "Social work and Christianity" 22(2), 158-159.
See also.
North American Association of Christians in Social Work
External links.
American Association of Christians in Social Work http://www.nacsw.org/

</doc>
<doc id="20326933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326933" title="Eotitanosuchidae">
Eotitanosuchidae

Eotitanosuchidae is an extinct family of biarmosuchian therapsids.The Eotitanosuchidae were large predatory therapsids of the Wordian epoch.It was once considered to belong to a separate infraorder of therapsids called Eotitanosuchia.
Characteristics.
The Eotitanosuchians seem to be more advanced than the Biarmosuchia in that the temporal opening behind the eye socket, although small, is still somewhat larger than the biarmosuchians, being expanded in the upper rear (posterodorsal) margin, allowing the area of attachment of the adductor (jaw closing) muscles to be visible from the dorsal (top) view looking down.The eotitanosuchian bite was stronger and more efficient than the biarmosuchian bite.For this reason, some paleontologists see the eotitanosuchids as transitional between the biarmosuchians and higher therapsids.They may indeed be so, but it is just as if not more likely that features of a larger temporal opening and hence increased muscle mass and biting power evolved simultaneously, among a number of early therapsid groups, due to the obvious advantages this adaptation conferred.One must be wary in applying cladistic methodology to characteristics that are likely to evolve simultaneously among many competing lineages.In other respects the eotitanosuchians are quite primitive they were the least modified in their jaw apparatus from their sphenacodont ancestry. 

</doc>
<doc id="20326942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326942" title="Damian Tambini">
Damian Tambini

Damian Tambini is Senior Lecturer at the London School of Economics and an Associate Fellow at the Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR), and at the Oxford Internet Institute. He is also a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts and serves on the advisory Groups of the Oxford Media Convention and Polis. He also teaches for the TRIUM Global Executive MBA Program, an alliance of NYU Stern, the London School of Economics and HEC School of Management. Damian Tambini is on the Advisory Board of the Center for International Media Ethics.
Academic career.
From June 2002 to August 2006 he was Head of the Programme in Comparative Media Law and Policy at Oxford University. Before that he was at Nuffield College, Oxford (Postdoctoral Fellow, 1998); Humboldt University, Berlin (Lecturer, 1997); and the European University Institute, Florence, Italy (PhD, 1996). His research interests include media and telecommunications policy and democratic communication.

</doc>
<doc id="20326999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20326999" title="Atsuko Inaba">
Atsuko Inaba

On October 30, 2009, she announced that her contract with Up-Front Agency, the parent company to Hello! Project, had ended.

</doc>
<doc id="20327000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327000" title="Norman Humphries">
Norman Humphries

Norman Hampton Humphries (19 May 1917 – 18 December 2000) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Worcestershire in 1946. He also played minor counties cricket for Devon between 1938 and 1955.
Humphries made his debut near the end of June 1946, against Warwickshire at Edgbaston, and scored 21 in his only innings.
After making 3 in the first innings of his next game, against Glamorgan, he showed quite some consistency, his next five innings being 22, 16, 17, 22 and 16.
However, he was unable to break through and produce a significant score, and after this one season he was never again to appear at first-class level.
For Devon, however, it could be a different story, and in June 1949 Humphries produced his finest form. First he hit 199 against Kent II,
and immediately thereafter he struck 216 not out, carrying his bat against Surrey II. By coincidence, in this game Alan Brazier made 216 not out in Surrey II's own first innings!
Two brothers, Cedric and Gerald, also played for Worcestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="20327009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327009" title="Uncial 0231">
Uncial 0231

Uncial 0231 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the 4th century.
Description.
It contains a small parts of the Gospel of Matthew (26:75-27:1,3-4), on 1 parchment leaf (34 cm by 27 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 15 lines per page.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 
It was found in Antinoopolis (modern El-Sheikh Ibada).
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th century.
It was examined by G. R. Roberts in 1950. Guglielmo Cavallo published its facsimile.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1953.
The codex is housed at the Ashmolean Museum (P. Ant. 11), in Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20327018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327018" title="Cry Me a River (disambiguation)">
Cry Me a River (disambiguation)

"Cry Me a River" is a 1953 popular song written by Arthur Hamilton and recorded by various artists.
Cry Me a River may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20327023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327023" title="Three O'Clock in the Morning">
Three O'Clock in the Morning

"Three O’clock in the Morning" is a popular good-night waltz.
The lyrics were written by Theodora Morse (listed as Dorothy Terriss) to music written by Julian Robledo. The song was recorded in 1922 by Paul Whiteman and his Orchestra. Charting eight weeks at number one (out of a 20-week chart sojourn in 1922), the song became Whiteman’s early signature-tune, and sold over three million copies overall in various versions.
Connie Francis recorded this song in her "Greatest American Waltzes" album in 1963. Bert Kaempfert revived the song without the waltz tempo in his 1965 album "Three O’clock in the Morning".
The song was also referenced in the 1925 novel "The Great Gatsby" by F. Scott Fitzgerald. 
Karl-Lennart wrote the Swedish lyrics. The Swedish title is "Sista valsen". Harmony Sisters, Cupol-orkestern Cond.: Jerry Högstedt recorded it in Stockholm on December 10, 1949. The song was released on the 78 rpm record Cupol 4331.

</doc>
<doc id="20327051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327051" title="Albizia acle">
Albizia acle

Albizia acle commonly known as akle, acle, or East Indian walnut, is a medium sized tree grown for its strong wood used mainly in the construction of houses and furnitures.
Description.
"Albizia acle" is a medium sized tree attaining a height of 25–30 m and a diameter of 70 to 120 cm. It is a deciduous tree and intolerant to shade. The bole is cylindrical, generally short and crooked, ranging commonly from 40 to 60 cm in diameter and a height of 10 to 8 m.
The leaves are bipinnately compound, usually with one pair of pinnae, each with 3 to 6 pairs of leaflets. The flowers are greenish-white, borne on small, rounded heads.
The trunk has no buttress but has swollen roots. The crown is broadly spreading and open., The bark is dark brown, brittle and creamy white when freshly cut, turning to vermillion or reddish yellow after exposure.
The species has a slow growth rate. A 25 year-old tree attains a growth of approximately 16 m in height and 23 cm in diameter given good site conditions.
Uses.
Akle is dubbed as the most beautiful of Philippine woods. It is one of the best cabinet timbers of the country on account of its warm-brown color, fine texture and lasting qualities. It is also used for house construction, naval constructions, furniture, sculptures and musical instruments.
Distribution.
Akle is widely distributed in the Philippines. It is found in Albay, Bataan, Bulacan, Camarines Norte, Camarines Sur, Capiz, Cebu, Davao, Ilocos Norte, Masbate, Mindoro Occidental, Negros Oriental, Nueva Ecija, Surigao, Tarlac and Zambales.
It is also found in Indonesia and Celebes.
Site requirement.
Akle grows in all climatic type of the Philippines and in several varieties of soil. It thrives on sandy to clay-loam soil as well as in areas with limestone formation. It is naturally scattered in thin forests to dense stands; from hill tops and mountain ridges to the valleys and river beds and in forests of low and medium altitudes.

</doc>
<doc id="20327055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327055" title="W. K. Kellogg Arabian Horse Center">
W. K. Kellogg Arabian Horse Center

The W. K. Kellogg Arabian Horse Center is a research facility on the campus of the California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona) which specializes on equine studies, breeding and research.
History.
The horse center dates back to 1925. W.K. Kellogg had a longtime interest in Arabian horses, and purchased for $250,000 in Pomona, California, to establish a ranch. After erecting the first buildings, Kellogg funded the development of an Arabian horse breeding program, which (as of 2008) remains the oldest in the United States and the fifth largest in the country. 
Starting with breeding stock descended from the imports of Homer Davenport and W.R. Brown, Kellogg then looked to England, where he purchased a significant number of horses from the Crabbet Arabian Stud, making multiple importations during the 1920s. The Kellogg ranch became well known in southern California not only for its horse breeding program but also for its entertaining, weekly horse exhibitions, open to the public and frequently visited by assorted Hollywood celebrities. Among many other connections to Hollywood, the actor Rudolph Valentino borrowed the Kellogg stallion, "Jadaan," for use in his 1926 movie, "Son of the Sheik", along with a Kellogg employee, Carl Raswan, who rode in certain scenes as Valentino's stunt double.
In 1932, Kellogg donated the ranch, which had grown to to the University of California. During World War II, on the ranch was taken over by the U.S. War Department and was known as the Pomona Quartermaster Depot (Remount). In 1948, the ranch was transferred to the U.S. Department of Agriculture; and in 1949, the land was deeded to the W. K. Kellogg Foundation. Later in 1949, Kellogg donated the ranch to the state of California, requiring that the property would be used for educational purposes, the herd of Arabian horses must be maintained, and the horse shows would continue. Title to the then ranch and horses was passed to the State of California. 
The ranch became part of the Voorhis unit of what was then known as the California State Polytechnic College in San Luis Obispo. This became known as the Kellogg Campus, and in 1966, it was separated to form California State Polytechnic College Pomona (now California State Polytechnic University, Pomona). The Center occupied the original Kellogg stables prior to the dedication of the existing facility on April 6, 1974. 
This was also the location of the W.K. Kellogg Airport (not to be confused with the W. K. Kellogg Airport in Battle Creek, Michigan). It operated from 1928 to 1932, and was then the largest privately owned airport in the country.
Today.
Today the facility is home to approximately 85 purebred Arabian horses used in Equine Sciences’ teachings, outreach, research and internationally recognized breeding and training programs. Facilities at the center include of pasture, three barns, foaling stalls, a breeding area, a veterinary clinic, a farrier shop, four arenas and a grandstand.
The University operates the W.K. Kellogg Arabian Horse Library, which is open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="20327090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327090" title="SimulTrain">
SimulTrain

SimulTrain is a Project Management Simulator used in project management training programs. SimulTrain is a simulation of the planning and execution phases of a medium-sized project, that involves all of the events that occur. 
SimulTrain is a computer-based multimedia tool which allows the participants to learn: 
History.
The first version of SimulTrain was released in 1996. This educational software has been constantly improved. In October 2013 the 10th version of SimulTrain was released. It includes Resource Leveling exercise.
The project management simulation SimulTrain is based on Dr. Roland Sauter‘s PhD thesis "La modélisation des facteurs humains dans la gestion de projets. (1996)". A model of human factors in project management was validated by a survey of 900 project managers. In 1996 the simulator was developed based on this model.
The first version ran on Macintosh. Since then a new version with numerous new features was released regularly every two years. Version 9 released in October 2012 runs on various operating systems (Windows, Macintosh, Linux) and is available both as online version and desktop version.
By 2012 over 100,000 people across 50 countries, have been trained with SimulTrain. The simulation has been translated into 21 languages.
Pedagogic concept.
Training is done in small groups of 4 people in two sessions of 3–4 hours each. Each group has one computer with the simulation program. The participants thus learn how to work and make decisions as a team. The simulator allows the group to work on the progress and execution of the project. It confronts the learners with many situations requiring the ability of making fast decisions and of taking all of the project parameters into account (costs, deadlines as well as human factors). The feedback and consequences of the different decisions are immediately made visible. The simulator involves multimedia technology: the participants receive many phone calls, e-mails and voice-mails, thus immersing them in surrounding them in a realistic project atmosphere.
The trainees have to complete the project within the deadline and budget. Their main tasks as project managers include: 
With the simulation attendees learn in two ways:
SimulTrain's only requirement is a general knowledge about project management, including the Gantt chart and the Activity Network. Both online and desktop versions of the simulator are available.
Scenarios.
IT service deployment project.
In accordance with the marketing strategy defined at the beginning of the year, the management wishes to provide its customers with an on-line interactive service. This will allow customers to follow-up and control orders without the intervention of either the customer service or accounting departments. For this project a tentative schedule has been written with the list of activities, budget and time required. The core-team has been established.
Production project.
Plastoceram is the leading firm in manufacturing special packages made of composite materials. One of its clients that produces pacemakers cannot find any appropriate solution for the case of its latest ultra-miniature model. A case thus needs to be developed for this client within a very short time. It should be made of a resistant, very thin and easy-to-fashion material.
Marketing project.
Your company has devised a new all-in-one Smartphone. This high performance appliance includes many innovative features, which makes it very attractive for listeners on the go and consumers who enjoy new technologies. The product conception is almost finished and its launch on the market must now be prepared. For this project tentative specifications have been written with the list of activities, budget and time required. The core-team has been established.
Organizing a sport event.
The International Lausanne Football Tournament will gather some of the most important European youth football clubs. The National Federation is organizing the event for the first time. An organization specialized in sport events allocates all its resources to the event. The project "ILFT phase B" is a part of the preparation process. The preparation must be finished 2 weeks before the opening day. The core team and budget have been established. Other resources of the Federation are available for the project.
External links.
The free demo version can be found at www.sts.ch/smt/demo 

</doc>
<doc id="20327091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327091" title="Balgonie Scotia">
Balgonie Scotia

Balgonie Scotia AFC are a football club that are based in Coaltown of Balgonie, on the outskirts of Glenrothes, in Fife. Founded in 1896 the club is one of the oldest amateur teams in Scotland.
History.
Throughout the history of the club, they have played at different levels from Juvenile to Juniors but are currently playing at amateur level. 
After a period of decline throughout the 1990s and early 2000s, the club began to transform into a more community based format with the introduction of a youth system with teams ranging from Fun 4s, all the way up to U19s. The club now have over 100 youth players playing at various age groups with the aim of promoting football in the community.
King George V Park.
The club are based at King George V Park, School Road, Coaltown of Balgonie. In 2012 the club saw the installation of changing facilities for the Youth teams to use as well as a brand new pavilion to replace the old one. The ground itself is made of the full size pitch, training area, and 3 development pitches for the youth teams to use.
Honours.
Balgonie Scotia 1896
Balgonie Scotia 1997s
League Winners 2012/2013
Fife Cup: Winners 2012/13

</doc>
<doc id="20327111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327111" title="1953 Ionian earthquake">
1953 Ionian earthquake

The Great 1953 Ionian Earthquake struck the southern Ionian Islands in Greece on August 12, 1953. In mid-August there were over 113 recorded earthquakes in the region between Kefalonia and Zakynthos, and the most destructive was the August 12 earthquake. The event measured 7.2 on the surface wave magnitude scale, and it raised up the whole island of Kefalonia by 60 cm, and caused widespread damage throughout the islands of Kefalonia and Zakynthos.
Earthquake.
The quake struck at 09:24 (UTC) or 11:24 (local time) and the Royal Navy vessels HMS "Gambia" and HMS "Bermuda" were among the first on the scene. In addition, four Israeli warships received calls for help coming from the Island of Kefalonia and the ships headed to the island. The sailors provided emergency medical aid, food, and water. This was the first time Israel provided aid to a disaster-stricken area.
The earthquake is generally known as the great Kefalonia Earthquake, but damage was very heavy in the capital of Zakynthos. Only two buildings survived the earthquake there and the rest of the island's capital had to be rebuilt. Argostoli, the capital of Kefalonia, suffered substantial damage and the whole of Kefalonian buildings were flattened except for Fiskardo's in the far north.
Damage.
As well as causing major destruction on the two islands, the economic impact of the earthquake was far greater, and damage was estimated to have totaled billions of Drachmas. Many people fled the island after the earthquake: some people temporarily moved to the capital, however the majority immigrated out of Greece entirely to countries such as Canada, USA or the UK, leaving both the islands and their economy in ruins. 
Aftermath.
Earthquakes still regularly shake the islands of Zakynthos and Kefalonia, including several 2006 earthquakes at Zakynthos and others in 2003 and 2005, respectively. Lately there was an earthquake on 12. July 2012 which measured 4.4 on the Richter scale. The epicenter of this earthquake was in the Ionian sea at a depth of 10 kilometers, about 100 kilometers south-west of Patras.

</doc>
<doc id="20327114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327114" title="BMW Concept 7 Series ActiveHybrid">
BMW Concept 7 Series ActiveHybrid

The BMW Concept 7 Series ActiveHybrid is a concept vehicle developed by BMW and presented at the Paris Motor Show in October 2008. It is BMW's first mild hybrid and second hybrid concept vehicle after the BMW Concept X6 ActiveHybrid, BMWs first full hybrid revealed at the 2007 Frankfurt Motor Show. Both models will be ready for mass production at the end of 2009.
Specifications.
The BMW Concept 7 Series ActiveHybrid combines an engine based on the High Precision Injection V8 Twin Turbo unit used in the BMW 750i (where it delivers 300 kW/407 hp) with an electric motor that is only designed to provide support to the internal combustion engine. The electric motor is integrated between transmission and engine and provides 15 kW of power and 210 Nm of torque. In this so-called mild hybrid configuration, the electric motor increases the potential of the eight-cylinder petrol engine while using Brake Energy Regeneration – mostly in urban traffic – to reduce fuel consumption and CO2 emissions.
Production.
In August 2009 BMW announced the production version of the BMW ActiveHybrid 7 (F04), together with BMW ActiveHybrid X6. The BMW ActiveHybrid 7 features a 0.4 kWh lithium-ion battery pack.

</doc>
<doc id="20327204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327204" title="John Carden (soccer)">
John Carden (soccer)

John Carden was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Carden, a graduate of the University of Southern California, did not enter the lone U.S. game of the tournament, a 9-1 loss to Yugoslavia. At the time, he was a member of the U.S. Army assigned to Fort McPherson.

</doc>
<doc id="20327223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327223" title="Sanniki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Sanniki, Masovian Voivodeship

Sanniki (1943-1945, German "Sannikau") is a village in Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sanniki. It lies approximately east of Gostynin and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 2,000.
Fryderyk Chopin, then 18, vacationed here in 1828.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20327232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327232" title="Miesque Stakes">
Miesque Stakes

The Miesque Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Hollywood Park Racetrack in Inglewood, California. Raced in late November, the GIII event is open to two-year-old fillies. Contested at a distance of one mile (8 furlongs) on turf, it currently offers a purse of $100,000.
The race was named in honor of the great filly Miesque, a member of the French Horse Racing Hall of Fame and the United States Racing Hall of Fame.
The 2005 edition of the Miesque Stakes had to be canceled because of problems with Hollywood Park's turf course.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins by a Jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Most wins by an Owner

</doc>
<doc id="20327233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327233" title="AVERT">
AVERT

AVERT (formerly also known as the AIDS Education and Research Trust) is an international AIDS charity based in Horsham, South East England, United Kingdom.
Early work.
AVERT was founded in 1986 by Peter Kanabus and his wife Annabel, daughter of former Sainsbury's chairman Robert Sainsbury. In its first fifteen years the charity focused on producing educational publications and funding HIV-related educational, social and medical research.
A number of AVERT's publications, such as the "AIDS: Working With Young People" (1993) teaching pack were based on substantial educational research. In addition many thousands of AVERT's booklets were distributed in the UK each year, covering such topics as sex education, sexuality and HIV. 
Medical research funded by AVERT included the first ever study of the effect of pregnancy on the progression of HIV disease, and social research included studies of HIV and drug use in UK prisons.
In 2001 the charity decided to cease funding research and producing printed publications, and instead to concentrate on its educational website and work outside the UK in countries with a particularly high or rapidly increasing rate of HIV infection and AIDS.
Avert.org.
The charity's educational website avert.org, established in 1995, claims to be the world's most popular AIDS website, receiving a reported two million page views per month. In 2005 the site won the British Medical Association's Patient Information Award for Websites.
Overseas projects.
AVERT funds a range of projects in developing countries, predominantly in sub-Saharan Africa, where the AIDS epidemic is most severe. Organisations given money include Sangram in southwest India, and Tholulwazi Uzivikele in KwaZulu Natal.
The charity's work made headlines in 2008 when South African doctor Colin Pfaff was suspended from his post for supplying HIV positive, pregnant women with the antiretroviral drug AZT, which had been paid for by AVERT. At the time the South African government had not approved the use of AZT to prevent mother-to-child transmission of HIV, even though it was recommended by the World Health Organisation and was widely used in other developing countries. Rural doctors, scientists, AIDS activists and organisations rallied in support of Pfaff, and the charges were subsequently dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="20327275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327275" title="Bansaan">
Bansaan

Bansaan is a boomerang-shaped island located at Camotes Sea in the mid-northern coast of Bohol Island, Philippines. It is part of the municipality of Talibon, Bohol Province.
Geography.
Bansaan Island is located at Camotes Sea in the mid-northern coast of the province of Bohol. It is located 7 kilometers north of Talibon with an approximate geographic position at latitude 10˚12’57” to 10˚13’33” and longitude 124˚18’33” to 124˚19’53”. It is accessible by pump boat from Talibon on the mainland of Bohol. 
Physiography.
Bansaan, a boomerang-shaped island, is composed of raised coral reefs and part of the bigger Calituban reefs, a group of scattered and low-lying reefal islands located off the northwestern coast of Bohol Island. The highest elevation is 1.5 m above sea level.
Rainfall distribution.
The island falls under climatic type IV where rainfall is evenly distributed throughout the year. The highest observed average rainfall based from July 1975 to September 1984 records was observed in the month of June (246.30 mm) and the lowest was in April (15.30 mm). The annual average rainfall was 1,136.20 mm.
Biodiversity.
Fauna.
A total of 24 species of birds including 14 species of waders and 10 species of terrestrial birds were identified in Bansaan. The counts made during the visits in February and September 1991 confirm the importance of the island as a wintering area and stop over site for the waders during their northward and southward migration. Grey-tailed tattlers ("Heteroscelus brevipes"), grey plovers ("Pluvialis squatarola"), whimbrels ("Numenius phaeopus"), and common redshanks ("Tringa totanus") constitute the largest numbers recorded. 
A total of 35 species of marine mollusks were reported including 28 species of gastropods and 7 species of bivalves. Apparently all those species are edible, and are also used as raw materials in the shellcraft industry.
The preliminary entomological survey of Bansaan Island revealed a total of 16 species representing 6 orders and 16 families of insects. Of the 16 species, Order Diptera comprises the largest number of families. Orders Lepidoptera and Orthoptera ranked second with 3 families each, followed by Order Coleoptera having 2 families and the last were Orders Homoptera and Hymenoptera with only one family each.
Leafminers, leaf bettles, loopers and leaftiers are pests on mangrove trees: "Pongamia pinnata", "Osbornia octodonta", "Terminalia catappa", "Excoecaria agallocha", "Sonneratia caseolaris", and "Lumnitzera littorea". Meadow grasshoppers, mole crickets, ants, and long-horned grasshoppers were found attacking some terrestrial plants and grasses. 
Some insects were found to be pests to human. These include mosquitoes, houseflies, and small dungflies.
Soil composition.
Beach sand and hydrosol are the dominant soil types of the island. Both soil types are characterized by high pH values with high amounts of soluble salts and exchangeable sodium which resulted to high salinity and electrical conductivity as well as base saturation of nearly 100 percents. Moreover, it was noted that most of the soils are coarse textured.
Geology.
The whole island is composed of white coralline sands derived from the weathering of coral reefs. Based on the paleontological analyses of three (3) selected samples, it showed a list of known microfossils identified as common in nearshore or shallow environment, typical in coral reef areas. Geological assessment of the island showed no mineral deposits worthy of exploitation.

</doc>
<doc id="20327293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327293" title="Minuscule 23">
Minuscule 23

Minuscule 23 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 1183 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on vellum. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th-century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains a text of the four Gospels with some lacunae (Matthew 1:1-5.7-16; Luke 24:42-John 2:20; John 21:24.25), on 230 parchment leaves (). The text is written in one column per page, 22 lines per page.
The initial letters in gold and colour.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (no references to the Eusebian Canons).
It contains lists of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, and lectionary markings at the margin (for Church reading). It has the Latin Vulgate version down to Luke 4:18.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Kx in Luke 10. In Luke 1 and Luke 20 (weak) it represents textual cluster Π1441.
Verse John 21:25 is omitted.
History.
The manuscript probably was written in Italy. It is dated by the INTF to the 11th-century.
It was partially examined and collated by Griesbach and Scholz (only 186 verses). It was examined and described by Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 77) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20327322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327322" title="Okeelanta, Florida">
Okeelanta, Florida

Okeelanta is an unincorporated community in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. It is located about 4 miles (7 km) south of South Bay on U.S. Route 27 at County Road 827.
Geography.
Okeelanta is located at 26°36.6'N 80°42.6'W (26.610,-80.711), with an elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="20327325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327325" title="The Jack of Spades">
The Jack of Spades

The Jack of Spades is a mystery film directed by Miceal Og O'Donnell.
Plot.
In a marginalized New Orleans still trying desperately to recover from hurricane Katrina, a private investigator on the fringes of society reluctantly investigates two murders – one present day, one thirty years old. But even as detective Jack Spade encounters ancient French Quarter jewelers, shifty bayou drunks, rich uptown socialites, mysterious street prostitutes, exotic voodoo fortune tellers, corrupt police lieutenants and homicidal Mardi Gras jesters - none of whom he can trust individually – he can’t continue to ignore the mounting evidence that his father may have been involved in both crimes. Ultimately, the only way for Jack Spade to discover the truth may be to unlock the secret of four identical paintings each depicting four playing cards - the three of diamonds, the king of clubs, the ace of hearts, and the jack of spades.

</doc>
<doc id="20327389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327389" title="Mirau interferometer">
Mirau interferometer

A Mirau interferometer works on the same basic principle as a Michelson interferometer. The difference between the two is in the physical location of the reference arm. The reference arm of a Mirau interferometer is located within a microscope objective assembly. 
A schematic of a Mirau interferometer is shown on the right. At the beam splitter the source light is split into a reference path (reflected) and a sampling path (transmitted onto the sample). On the comparison face there is a mirrored circle in the middle. The two paths recombine to form an interference image. By changing the z position of the sample, interference images are acquired at a sequence of path (phase) differences: 0, λ/4, λ/2, and 3λ/4. These interference maps are functions of background intensity, fringe modulation, and phase. Three such images provide enough information to solve for the topographic image of a sample.
This orientation is often used in optical profilometers due to the increase in stability between the sample and reference path lengths.
Immersion Mirau Interferometer.
An immersion Mirau interferometer is a modification of a Mirau interferometer, in which the light path is immersed in a liquid medium. One application of an immersion Mirau interferometer is to image cells with medium. Since the index of refraction of the medium is substantially different from that of the neighboring air, each millimeter of medium would introduce a path length difference from the reference wave, and ideal interference conditions are lost. Filling the microscope optics with medium restores the ideal interference conditions.
Simultaneous Immersion Mirau Interferometer.
In immersion Mirau interferometry, the interference patterns needed to reproduce the image are acquired at different times and vibrations, if they exist, prevent maintaining the desirable phase shifts between consecutive frames. Thus immersion Mirau interferometery is very sensitive to vibrations. One solution is to acquire all interference images at the same time. This is known as a simultaneous immersion Mirau interferometer.

</doc>
<doc id="20327411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327411" title="Samuel Jasper Loring">
Samuel Jasper Loring

Samuel Jasper Loring (1914-1963) was an aeronautical engineer with Chance Vought and later Hamilton Standard who worked on various aspects of the aeroelastic flutter problem.
Biography.
He was born in 1914 to Isabel A. and Henry Delano Loring. He graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1936. He was awarded the Wright Brothers Medal in 1941 and the ASME Admiral George W. Melville Medal in 1950. He died in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20327416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327416" title="Jip, His Story">
Jip, His Story

Jip, His Story is a 1996 children's book written by U.S. novelist Katherine Paterson. Set in Vermont during the 1850s, it focuses on a 12-year-old orphan named Jip, who was abandoned as an infant and mistaken for a gypsy because of his skin color. Jip works at a poor farm where mentally ill residents are housed. One of the residents, named Putnam Nelson, appears to be a lunatic, although Jip discovers he is actually very intelligent man with serious mental health problems. Jip also discovers that he is the part-black child of an escaped slave, and that he has been claimed as the property of a slave-owning farmer. Jip and Putnam Nelson escape together to the underground railroad.
"Jip, His Story" won the 1997 Scott O'Dell Award for Historical Fiction. In 2005, the book was turned into a musical by Danny Duncan and Emily Klion and performed at The Marsh. This adaptation won the 2008 American Harmony Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="20327418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327418" title="Mighty (disambiguation)">
Mighty (disambiguation)

Mighty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20327423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327423" title="Carnaza Island">
Carnaza Island

Carnaza Island is a 173.5 hectare turtle-shaped island located north of the mainland Cebu in the Philippines.
Geography.
Carnaza Island is a 173.5 hectare (429 acre) turtle-shaped island. It lies between latitude 11˚30’ and 11˚32’ North, and between longitude 124˚04’ and 124˚06’ East. The island is bordered 
on all sides by the Visayan Sea.
Topography.
The island’s topography includes coastal plains, mangrove swamps, lagoons and semi-rounded hills. Its coastal plain constitutes about 9.7% while semi-rounded hills constitute the biggest portion of the island covering about 14.4% of the total area. The mangrove forest has an area of about 10.063 hectares or 5.8% of the island. The highest point was measured at 55 meters (180 ft) above sea level.
Very close to the coastline are the sitios of Carnaza, Daanbaryo, Liog-liog, Pantao, Candionisio and Linao.
Flora.
The dominant upland vegetation is Ipil-ipil ("Leucaena leucocephala"), which covered most of the slopes. Agricultural crops like coconuts, cassava, banana, sugarcane, corn and breadfruit, among others, are present in some areas.
Fauna.
On a paper report on the survey conducted on the island on July 16–20, 1990. A total of 18 species of birds representing 7 orders and 15 families have been identified and reported. The most common species observed were Glossy Swiftlets ("Collocalia esculenta"), White-collared Kingfishers ("Halcyon chloris"), Pied Trillers ("Lalage nigra"), Black-naped Orioles ("Oriolus chinensis"), Philippine mapgie robins ("Copsychus saularis"), Malaysia fantails ("Rhipidura javanica"), White-breasted Woodswallows ("Artamus leucorhynchus"), glossy starlings ("Aplonis panayensis"), yellow-breasted sunbirds ("Nectarinia jugularis") and Eurasian tree sparrows ("Passer montanus"). For the rest of the species either only one or two individuals were seen or only either calls were heard.
The islanders revealed that the Tabon bird ("Megapodius freycinet") used to be numerous in Carnaza Island.
Also listed on the report are the orders Cephalopoda, Gastropoda and Pelecypoda. Two genera of Cephalopods were identified, namely; Sepia and Sepioteuthis.
A total of 36 species belonging to 19 families of gastropods have been listed. However, further study is needed to get a complete listing of the gastropods in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20327434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327434" title="Wererat (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)">
Wererat (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)

In the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, the wererat is one of several different types of animalistic forms. They are classified as "lycanthropes", despite the fact that the term reflects a lupine, or wolven, form.
Publication history.
The wererat (or rat men) first appeared in the "Greyhawk" supplement (1975).
The wererat appeared in the first edition of "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" in the original "Monster Manual" (1977). The wererat appeared as a player character race in "Dragon" #24 (April 1979).
The wererat appeared in the "Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set" (1977, 1981, 1983). The wererat appeared in the "Dungeons & Dragons Rules Cyclopedia" (1991). The greater wererat appeared as a player character class in "Night Howlers" (1992). In a review of "Night Howlers" by game designer Rick Swan, he notes that wererats are protected from normal weapons when in human form.
The wererat appeared in the second edition of "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" in the "Monstrous Compendium Volume One" (1989), and was reprinted in the "Monstrous Manual" (1993). The wererat was expanded in further detail in "Dragon" #251 (September 1998).
The lycanthrope appeared as a creature template in the third edition "Monster Manual" (2000), and in the 3.5 revised "Monster Manual" (2003), with the wererat as a sample creature. The wererat appeared as a player character race in "Dragon" #313 (November 2003).
The wererat appeared in the fourth edition in "Monster Manual" (2008).
Description.
A wererat is a lawful evil creature that inhabits subterranean tunnel complexes beneath cities. A wererat can take three forms, that of a human, a human-sized ratman, and a giant rat. A wererat is capable of summoning and controlling giant rats.
Other games.
They are also found in various games inspired by or based on Dungeons & Dragons such as "NetHack", "DragonQuest", and "Neverwinter Nights".

</doc>
<doc id="20327447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327447" title="Scytale (disambiguation)">
Scytale (disambiguation)

Scytale may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20327458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327458" title="Surprise Package">
Surprise Package

Surprise Package may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20327465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327465" title="Dahlberg, Florida">
Dahlberg, Florida

Dahlberg is an unincorporated community in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. It is sandwiched between South Bay about east on State Road 80 and the city of Belle Glade and/or Belle Glade Camp.
Geography.
It is located at , with an elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="20327475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327475" title="Maryna Sokolyan">
Maryna Sokolyan

Maryna Sokolyan is a Ukrainian author. The critical reviews define her work as “uncommon event in a contemporary fiction”, and draw attention to the exquisite and well-cultivated language and to the complex intellectual references towards English literature.
She was born 18 December 1979 in Poltava, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union (in present-day Ukraine). In 2002 she graduated from Kyiv-Mohyla Academy with an MA in Sociology.

</doc>
<doc id="20327492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327492" title="2008 Helpmann Awards">
2008 Helpmann Awards

The 2008 Helpmann Awards were presented on 28 July 2008 at the Lyric Theatre, Sydney. The ceremony was hosted by Jonathan Biggins and Julia Zemiro and was broadcast live on Bio. (Foxtel's biography channel).

</doc>
<doc id="20327541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327541" title="Goszczyn">
Goszczyn

Goszczyn is a village in Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Goszczyn. It lies approximately south of Grójec and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 920.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20327563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327563" title="Gallant Man Handicap">
Gallant Man Handicap

The Gallant Man Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race first run on June 1, 2008 at Hollywood Park Racetrack in Inglewood, California. Open to horses age three and older, it is contested on Cushion Track synthetic dirt at a distance of 1⅝ miles (13 furlongs).
The race is named in honor of United States Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Gallant Man.
Winners.
Other North American Marathon races.
On dirt: 
On turf:

</doc>
<doc id="20327585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327585" title="Index of Tajikistan-related articles">
Index of Tajikistan-related articles

Articles (arranged alphabetically) related to Tajikistan include:
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20327606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327606" title="Helena Lake, Saskatchewan">
Helena Lake, Saskatchewan

Helena Lake is a hamlet in the Rural Municipality of Parkdale No. 498 in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20327627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327627" title="Poecilips fallax">
Poecilips fallax

Poecilips fallax is small beetle of the subfamily Scolytinae. The beetle, related to carver beetles, is a pest to mangrove trees especially "Rhizophora mucronata" and "Rhizophora apiculata".
The adults oviposit or insert their eggs into the hypocotyls before the seed matures or drops to the mud below. When the eggs hatch, the larvae bore tunnels leading away from oviposition site. These tunnels get longer and larger as the larve gets farther. The larvae and adults feed on the content of the hypocotyl, distorting its shape, incapacitating it to germinate and eventually rot. When the larvae complete their growth, they pupate at the end of the tunnels and emerge through a round hole from the hypocotyl.

</doc>
<doc id="20327632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327632" title="L'Heure d'été (album)">
L'Heure d'été (album)

"L'Heure d'été" is a 2005 album recorded by French artist Marc Lavoine. It was his ninth studio album and his 12th album overall. Released on May 23, 2005, it was successful in the francophone countries. 
Album information.
"L'Heure d'été" provided two hit singles : "Je me sens si seul" (#16 in France) and "Toi mon amour" (#8 in France). "Tu m'as renversé" and "J'espère", a duet with Belgium singer of Vietnamese descent Quynh Anh, were just released as promotional singles.
In France, the album started at #3, its peak position, on May 28, 2005, before dropping slowly on the chart the weeks later. It managed to stay for nine weeks in the top ten, 63 weeks in the top 50 and 91 weeks on the chart (top 200). In Belgium (Wallonia), the album was ranked for 49 weeks. It entered the Ultratop 40 at #7 on June 4, 2005 and reached #2 two weeks later and for two consecutive weeks. It totaled 12 weeks in the top ten.
Track listings.
Source : "Allmusic".
Album credits.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20327658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327658" title="God Is My Broker">
God Is My Broker

God Is My Broker (ISBN 0-375-50006-5) is a satirical book written by Christopher Buckley and John Tierney, published in 1998 by Random House which parodies self-help books, such as those of Deepak Chopra, whose works are particularly singled out.
The main protagonist is Brother Ty, a failed stockbroker, who becomes a monk at a failing wine-producing monastery. The book tells his tale of financial and spiritual improvement while setting out the '7½ Laws of Spiritual and Financial Growth'.
In an interview with the "New York Times", Christopher Buckley said that the initial idea was to do a straightforward hoax, but that the publishers were reluctant, due to their 'Anonymous' author having just been 'un-anonymoused'.

</doc>
<doc id="20327661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327661" title="Lane Lindell">
Lane Lindell

Merica Lane Lindell, from Tampa, Florida, is a United States model and beauty pageant contestant. Lindell, born July 4, 1990, was appointed as Miss World United States 2008. As a model she has worked for Abercrombie and Fitch, Hollister, Neiman Marcus, Gucci, Saks Fifth Avenue, Modern Bride, Brides Magazine, Seventeen Magazine, True Religion, and Ed Hardy. She represented the United States in Miss World 2008 in Johannesburg, South Africa, on December 13; where she was a semi-finalist and won the evening gown competition. She studied at the University of Georgia and is a member of Kappa Delta Sorority. She graduated from H.B. Plant High School.

</doc>
<doc id="20327669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327669" title="Ovronnaz">
Ovronnaz

Ovronnaz is a village located in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. It lies in the municipality of Leytron, close to Martigny.
The village is located on the south side of the Bernese Alps, on a terrace above the Rhone river, at an altitude of 1,330 metres. The region is surrounded by the summits of Grand Chavalard, Petit and Grand Muveran and Haut de Cry.
Ovronnaz is both a small ski resort and a spa resort.

</doc>
<doc id="20327676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327676" title="King Duncan">
King Duncan

King Duncan is a fictional character in Shakespeare's "Macbeth." He is the father of two youthful sons (Malcolm and Donalbain), and the victim of a well-plotted regicide in a power grab by his trusted captain Macbeth. The origin of the character lies in a narrative of the historical Duncan I of Scotland in Raphael Holinshed's 1587 "The Chronicles of England, Scotland, and Ireland," a history of Britain familiar to Shakespeare and his contemporaries. Unlike Holinshed's incompetent King Duncan (who is credited in the narrative with a "feeble and slothful administration"), Shakespeare's King Duncan is crafted as a sensitive, insightful, and generous father-figure whose murder grieves Scotland and is accounted the cause of turmoil in the natural world. 
Analysis.
King Duncan is a father-figure who is generous but firm ("No more that Thane of Cawdor shall deceive / Our bosom interest. Go pronounce his present death / And with his former title greet Macbeth."), insightful ("There's no art / To find the mind's construction in the face."), and sensitive ("This castle hath a pleasant seat. The air / Nimbly and sweetly recommends itself / Unto our gentle senses."). However, the role is full of irony; he is completely deceived in the intents of Macbeth and therefore may come across as naive. Although a modern reader may view Duncan as an incompetent monarch in this respect, Duncan represents moral order within the play and his murder signals the onset of chaos.
Film and television performances.
Film.
Duncan has been played in film adaptations of the play by Anthony Head in 2008, Gary Sweet in 2006, and Tom Reid in 2003. Javier Ronceros performed the role in "Dogg's Hamlet, Cahoot's Macbeth" (2005) and John Little in "Macbeth: The Comedy" (2001). Christopher McCann played Duncan in "Macbeth in Manhattan" (1999). Greg Korin, John Corvin, and Antti Litja played the role in 1998, 1997, and 1987 respectively.
Erskine Sanford played King Duncan in Orson Welles' 1948 "Macbeth", Louis Northop in a 1946 film adaptation, and by Nicholas Selby in 1971 "Macbeth"
Spottiswoode Aitken and Charles Kent both played Duncan in silent versions of "Macbeth" in 1916 and 1908 (the first screen version of the play).
In Orson Welles' 1948 film adaptation of "Macbeth", the role of King Duncan is reduced. 1.2 is cut entirely as well as generous portions of 1.4. King Duncan is seen briefly in 1.6 as he enters Macbeth's castle amid considerable pomp. The top of 1.4 with its description of Cawdor's execution has been transplanted to this scene. Banquo's "temple-haunting martlet" speech is given to Duncan. Duncan is later seen asleep in bed for a fleeting moment as Lady Macbeth slinks about in the chamber's shadows. Donalbain has been cut from the film, leaving Duncan with just one son, Malcolm.
Television.
Vincent Regan played King Duncan in "ShakespeaRe-Told" "Macbeth" (2005), Ray Winstone in "Macbeth on the Estate" (1997), Laurence Payne in "" "Macbeth" (1992), Griffith Jones in "A Performance of Macbeth" (1979), and Jacques Mauclair in "Macbett" (1974), Kevin Coughlin on the "Goodyear Television Playhouse" (1955), and Lee Patterson on the "Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Presents" "Dream Stuff" (1954). Other television performers of the role include Philip Madoc (1998), Mark Dignam (1983), Powys Thomas (1961), Malcolm Keen (1960), Leo G. Carroll (1949), Arthur Wontner (1949).

</doc>
<doc id="20327689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327689" title="Beacon Hill, Saskatchewan">
Beacon Hill, Saskatchewan

Beacon Hill is a hamlet in the Rural Municipality of Beaver River No. 622 in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20327690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327690" title="Nancy Eberhart">
Nancy Eberhart

Nancy Eberhart is an award winning children's book author. Her titles include "What I'll Be", "The Adventures of Granny: Granny Goes to the Zoo", and "Anabelle's Wish". Eberhart's book "What I'll Be" won the National Parenting Center Seal of Approval in 2008. A portion of all proceeds from Eberhart's books go to the National Multiple Sclerosis Society and the Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20327702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327702" title="Dream Deferred Essay Contest">
Dream Deferred Essay Contest

Hands Across the Mideast Support Alliance (HAMSA), an American Islamic Congress initiative, holds an annual essay contest focusing on civil rights in the Middle East. The Dream Deferred Essay Contest was inspired by a Langston Hughes poem, "What happens to a dream deferred?" The poem helped inspire and motivate activists involved in the civil rights movement in the United States. HAMSA says The Dream Deferred Essay Contest will also be regarded as an opportunity for American and Middle Eastern youth to unite over the issue of advancing civil liberties in the Middle East.
Since HAMSA introduced its first contest in 2006, 4,500 essay entries have been submitted, resulting in the rewarding of $30,000 and 150 book rewards to top participants. Past celebrity judges include Gloria Steinem. The 2009 panel includes best-selling author Dr. Azar Nafisi, Egyptian-American comedian Ahmed Ahmed, and Iranian-American reality TV star, Parisa Montazaran.
The Dream Deferred Essay Contest has rewarded individuals from the United States, Jordan, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Iran, Morocco, and many other Middle Eastern countries. Topics of winning essays have ranged from dreams of a brighter future, analytic essays, a case study in Kuwait, and testimonies of overcoming struggle and oppression.
Dalia Ziada, 2006 honorable mention, went on to open the North Africa Bureau of the American Islamic Congress in Cairo, Egypt. Ziada, whose essay was a reflection on growing up in a male-dominated society, made sure that her dream was not deferred. Always an activist for civil rights in the Middle East, Ziada took her mission one step further when opening AIC's North Africa Bureau.
Americans and Middle Easterners, aged 25 and younger, can participate and enter the contest. They need to answer one of the questions on the contest website which pertain to civil rights in the Middle East. Entries can be submitted in English, French, Persian or Arabic.
In 2012, selected essays from the contest were recently compiled into the Arab Spring Dreams anthology edited by AIC's Nasser Weddady and journalist Sohrab Ahmari. 

</doc>
<doc id="20327712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327712" title="Tisiphone (disambiguation)">
Tisiphone (disambiguation)

Tisiphone may refer to:
In Biology:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="20327743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327743" title="College of Arts and Sciences (Case Western Reserve University)">
College of Arts and Sciences (Case Western Reserve University)

The College of Arts and Sciences (Case Western Reserve University) is a secondary college in Cleveland, Ohio.
College of Arts and Sciences (Case Western Reserve University).
The College of Arts and Sciences offers a number of research and educational programs in the arts, humanities, social sciences, physical and biological sciences, and mathematics. Students can choose a major or minor in from almost 60 unique undergraduate programs, design their own courses of study, or enroll in integrated bachelor's/master's degree programs. The College of Arts and Sciences also offers a number of graduate programs in several fields.
History.
The College of Arts and Sciences can trace its origins to the founding of Western Reserve College in Hudson, Ohio in 1826. Western Reserve College resided about 26 miles to the southwest of Cleveland. In 1882 the College moved to Cleveland where it formed the basis of Western Reserve University. The College of Arts and Sciences was also influenced by Adelbert College, Flora Stone Mather College, and the Cleveland College. These three colleges were brought together in 1972 under the banner of Western Reserve College. The College of Arts and Sciences as it exists today came about as the result of the 1992 unification of the undergraduate and graduate programs with the research programs in the arts, humanities, social sciences, and those programs in the physical sciences.
Departments and Affiliated Programs.
Academic Departments
Anthropology
Art History and Art
Art Education
Astronomy
Biology
Chemistry
Classics
Cognitive Science
Communication Sciences
English
Geological Sciences
History
Mathematics
Modern Languages and Literatures
Music
Philosophy
Physics
Political Science
Psychology
Religious Studies
Sociology
Statistics
Dance
Theater Arts
Affiliated Departments
Biochemistry
Economics
Computer Science/Electrical Engineering
Nutrition
Interdisciplinary Programs
Office of Interdisciplinary Programs and Centers
American Studies
Asian Studies
Baker-Nord Center for the Humanities
Center for Cognition and Culture
Center for Education and Research in Cosmology and Astrophysics
Center for Policy Studies
Center for Research on Tibet
Center for Science and Mathematics Education
Center for the Study of Writing
Childhood Studies
College Scholars Program
Dittrick Medical History Center
Engineering Physics
Environmental Studies
Ernest B. Yeager Center for Electrochemical Sciences
Ethnic Studies
Evolutionary Biology
French and Francophone Studies
German Studies
Gerontological Studies
History and Philosophy of Science
Institute for the Study of the University in Society
International Studies
Japanese Studies
Judaic Studies
Mathematics and Physics
Natural Sciences
Pre-Architecture
Public Policy
Samuel Rosenthal Center for Judaic Studies
Schubert Center for Child Studies
Science Entrepreneurship
Skeletal Research Center
Teacher Licensure
Women's Studies
World Literature
SAGES.
SAGES is an acronym for Seminar Approach to General Education and Scholarship. Through a series of small interdisciplinary seminars students are connected with faculty, school culture, and the institutions of University Circle. The goal of the SAGES program is to help students acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to solve real world problems and to allow students to communicate their ideas effectively through writing and speech. All of Case Western Reserve University's colleges that grant undergraduate degrees participate in the SAGES program, which extends through the student's academic career. Traditionally, a student will spend the first two years of their college experience participating in a series of 3 interdisciplinary seminars. These interdisciplinary seminars are followed in the third year by a departmental seminar usually in the student's field of study. Finally, in the fourth year a student participates in a Capstone project which is designed to demonstrate the intellectually agility and collaborative spirit SAGES aims to foster in its students.

</doc>
<doc id="20327830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327830" title="Sieciechów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Sieciechów, Masovian Voivodeship

Sieciechów is a village in Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sieciechów. It lies in historic Lesser Poland, near a rail line from Radom to Dęblin, on the National Road , approximately south-east of Kozienice and south-east of Warsaw. Sieciechów used to be a town from 1232 to 1869.
Sieciechów has a long and rich history. Until the 14th century, it was one of major political, economical and administrative centers of Lesser Poland’s Duchy of Sandomierz, which later was renamed into Sandomierz Voivodeship. It was the seat of a castellan and a county, but in the late 14th century, Sieciechów's importance diminished, and it was replaced as administrative center of this part of Lesser Poland by quickly-developing Radom. 
Sieciechów takes its name from Sieciech - a palatine at the court of duke Władysław I Herman. In the times of the Piast dynasty, Sieciechów was the seat of local dukes, and first mention of the village dates back to the 10th century. In 1132 the Sieciechów Castle became the property of High Prince Bolesław Krzywousty and became the seat of castellans. As Gall Anonim wrote, it was the biggest castle along the Vistula between Sandomierz and Płock. In 1232 Sieciechów received a town charter (Magdeburg rights).
In the late Middle Ages, Sieciechów was located on a merchant trail from Sandomierz through Zawichost, to Lithuanian lands. It had a parish church of St. Lawrence, which controlled parishes of large parts of northern Lesser Poland, at such towns, as Kozienice, Stężyca, Dęblin, Zwoleń and Kazimierz Dolny. Sieciechów probably had a defensive wall, and a Vistula river port. Its first known castellan was named Florian, his name was mentioned in 1239. In 1432 King Władysław Jagiełło gave permission for fairs, but period of prosperity ended after the change of the course of the Vistula. As a result, the town no longer controlled the strategic river, and the castle, which was located on a hill right above river bank, no longer fulfilled its role. Furthermore, after the Union of Krewo, Poland was no longer threatened by Lithuanian raids. Sieciechów remained a town until 1869, when the government of Russian-controlled Congress Poland reduced it to the status of a village. 
Among points of interest there are: 
See also.
Sieciechów

</doc>
<doc id="20327832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327832" title="List of bow tie wearers">
List of bow tie wearers

This is a list of notable bow tie wearers, real and fictional; notable people for whom the wearing of a bow tie (when not in formal dress) is also a notable characteristic.
Bow tie wearing can be a notable characteristic for an individual. Men's clothier Jack Freedman told "The New York Times" that wearing a bow tie "is a statement maker" that identifies a person as an individual because "it's not generally in fashion". Numerous writers and bow tie sellers have observed that the popularity of this type of neckwear can rise and fall with the fortunes of the well-known people who wear them.
In 1996, "The Wall Street Journal" quoted statistics from the Neckwear Association of America showing that bow ties represent 3 percent of the 100 million ties sold each year in the United States, most of them part of formal wear, such as a tuxedo.
Attention to famous bow tie wearers in commerce and fashion commentary.
Those who write about bow ties often mention famous people who wear or have worn them. These writers often make the point that the image conveyed to others by a bow tie can be affected by associations with celebrities and famous people in the past.
A common fashion accessory in the nineteenth century, the bow tie had positive associations by mid-twentieth century, bolstered by real-world personalities like President Franklin Roosevelt and the "political genius" Right Honourable Sir Winston Churchill as well as "devil-may-care" characters portrayed in movies by actors like Humphrey Bogart and Frank Sinatra. By the 1970s, however, the bow tie became associated with nerds and geeks, such as the slapstick characters played by Jerry Lewis, and Mayberry's fictional deputy sheriff, Barney Fife. This perception was reinforced by the bow tie's association with Pee-wee Herman and U.S. Senator Paul Simon.
The perceptions associated with bow ties started to take another turn in the 1980s, when "Success Magazine"'s founder, W. Clement Stone, spoke out in support of the neck wear after the publication by fashion author John Molloy which observed, "Wear a bow tie and nobody will take you seriously." Stone associated bow-tie wearing with virility, aggressiveness, and salesmanship. In further defense of the bow tie, its use by figures such as Daniel Patrick Moynihan and Saul Bellow has been cited.
Celebrities' effect on bow tie wearing.
When a celebrity is noticed wearing a bow tie, it can affect bow tie sales; sales see an improvement when the accessory is associated with younger celebrities such as Tucker Carlson. When Raj Bhakta wore one during his stint on "The Apprentice", haberdashers reported customers asking for a bow tie which looked like his. Similarly, after Matt Smith made his debut as the bow tie-wearing Eleventh Doctor in "Doctor Who", Topman reported a significant increase in demand for bow ties (from 3% of all tie sales to 14%).
Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr. wrote about his decision as a college student to start wearing bow ties in his memoir "A Life in the Twentieth Century: Innocent Beginnings, 1917–1950". Schlesinger remarked that he made his decision in part because a number of famous men he admired had a penchant for the neck wear. In addition, he noted that they prevent dinner mishaps, saying, "It is impossible, or at least it requires extreme agility, to spill anything on a bow tie."
Commercial interests using famous wearers to encourage sales.
Bow tie sellers often cite famous people who have worn the neckwear as a way of encouraging more customers. Jack Cutone, co-founder of Boston Bow Tie, noted that there is ample evidence to support the uniqueness and stature of those who wear bow ties, including Abraham Lincoln, Winston Churchill, Albert Einstein and Sigmund Freud. Beau Ties Ltd., an online bow tie seller, has featured a "C. Everett Koop bow tie," complete with an endorsement by Koop, who was Surgeon General of the United States during the Reagan administration. Carrot & Gibbs, another bow tie seller, lists several famous wearers on its bow tie web page.
Bow tie wearers of the nineteenth century.
Bow ties were conventional attire in the nineteenth century. Honoré de Balzac has been quoted as saying that manner in which a man tied his bow tie distinguished "a man of genius from a mediocre one". Portraits of U.S. presidents from Van Buren through McKinley commonly show them in bow ties. Wearing of a bow tie was seldom commented upon and did not form part of the public perception of figures such as American inventor Thomas Edison or Communist theorist Karl Marx.
Bow tie wearers in the twentieth and twenty-first centuries.
Politicians.
The regular wearing of bow ties by a politician is often the subject of comment — from friends, foes and journalists:
Fictional characters.
Bow ties are a consistent element in the depiction of some fictional characters.
Characters in film and television.
Film and television characters portrayed by human actors as consistently wearing bow ties have included: 
Characters in comics, cartoons, and anime.
Bow ties are a consistent part of the depiction of many characters created by artists for entertainment media including comics, cartoons, and anime.
Among these are many Hanna-Barbera cartoon characters:
Other artist-created characters consistently or frequently depicted in bow ties include:

</doc>
<doc id="20327837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327837" title="Cutie Honey Tennyo Densetsu">
Cutie Honey Tennyo Densetsu

Cutie Honey, the legend of an angel or , also known in Italy as "Cutie Honey '21", is a Japanese manga by Go Nagai. It is a sequel to the "Cutie Honey" and "Cutie Honey 90s" manga series created by Nagai as well.
Plot.
The year is 2005. The police, unable to carry out their work, are asking for help from talented private investigators for the most complex and important work. 
Among these are Seiko Hayami, who, with the help of her assistant Hisashi Hanyu, will be involved in cases concerning strange apparitions of monstrous beings, which will eventually lead to a confrontation with the Panther Claw terrorist organization/religious sect, who worship the goddess Zora, under the command of the bestial Sister Jill.
Defeating the organization seems impossible, but help is at hand from the android, Cutie Honey. Having seemingly travelled from the 70s to defeat Panther Claw, she resides with Seiko in the form of Hisashi.

</doc>
<doc id="20327854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327854" title="Cenchrus (disambiguation)">
Cenchrus (disambiguation)

Cenchrus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20327885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327885" title="Bill Nagle">
Bill Nagle

William "Bill" Nagle (1952–1993) was a pioneering American wreck diver.
Diving.
Bill Nagle was one of the earliest divers to dive regularly beyond diver training agency specified depth limits for safe deep diving (normally 130 feet in sea water). Nagle regularly dived to greater depths, and engaged in hazardous shipwreck penetration, often on previously unexplored shipwrecks.
Whilst Nagle was by no means the first diver to start diving at great depths (Sheck Exley was generating considerable fame even before Nagle engaging in extremely deep cave diving), it was his pioneering approach to wrecks that set him apart from other divers of his era.
In 1985 Bill Nagle led the team of divers, including Gary Gentile, Art Kirchner, Tom Packer, Mike Boring, John Moyer and Kenny Gascon, who recovered the bell of the "Andrea Doria", which had previously been thought lost and unrecoverable. The story of the recovery expedition is recounted in Gary Gentile's book, "Andrea Doria: Dive to an Era".
Bill Nagle was also one of the first people in the Northeastern United States to commence dive chartering as a full-time business with the custom dive vessel, the "Seeker". The "Seeker" specialised in taking experienced wreck divers to the more remote and dangerous wrecks in the North East. It became an extremely competitive business as diving deep wrecks became more popular, and Nagle's bitter feud with rival captain, Steve Bielenda, after the latter was designated "King of the Deep" in a feature in "Time magazine" is carefully chronicled in the book "Shadow Divers".
In subsequent years, diving beyond recreational diving limits would become refined as a sport in itself, known as "technical diving", with its own dedicated training and procedures. During Bill Nagle's prime, divers who exceeded agency specified safety limits were simply referred to as "gorilla divers". Bill Nagle died shortly before the advent of trimix became popular amongst non-professional divers, dramatically reducing the risks associated with diving deep wrecks. Today many of the wrecks that Bill Nagle first explored diving on air with outdated US Navy Decompression tables are routinely dived by divers who have received technical training and who are breathing trimix and using modern dive computers.
Alcoholism and death.
The later years of Bill Nagle's life was dominated by a descent into alcoholism and drug abuse. It was this disease that ultimately took his life at the age of 41. His last great expedition was the exploration of German submarine U-869, although he was never physically able to dive on it. Nagle died before the wreck was positively identified.
His close friend, John Chatterton refused to attend his funeral, insisting that the man inside the coffin was not his friend and associate - it was the monster who had killed Bill Nagle. Richie Kohler, another diver closely connected with the U-869 expedition, was one of the pallbearers.

</doc>
<doc id="20327889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327889" title="Military Appreciation Day">
Military Appreciation Day

Military Appreciation Day is any event intended to express appreciation for men and women currently (and sometimes formerly) in military service. A particular "Military Appreciation Day" is a date selected for convenience, typically but not necessarily approximate to Veterans Day or Memorial Day.
Sports Teams.
The NHL's New York Islanders first instituted a "Military Appreciation Day" in 2007. Their 2008 commemoration coincided with November 11, and was attended by former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Colin Powell, who dropped the ceremonial first puck of that game. The Islanders intend each year's "Military Appreciation Day" to be the home game closest to Veterans Day.
The New York Jets of the NFL's American Football Conference have commemorated “Jets Military Appreciation Day” since 2000. Recent dates include November 19, 2006; November 4, 2007; and November 9, 2008.
Zoos.
Hawaii – The USO Hawaii sponsored the first Military Appreciation Day at the Honolulu Zoo in 2005. In 2008, the event was on Saturday, June 28.
Virginia – The USO and the Virginia Zoo hosted a 2008 "MAD" on Sunday, October 5.
Washington – Near Tacoma, Washington, the Point Defiance Zoo & Aquarium celebrated MAD on Tuesday, November 11, 2008 with free admission for active duty military, veterans and
their families.
Hospitality industry.
The Golden Corral chain gives a free “thank you” dinner to any person who has ever served in the United States Military on its "Military Appreciation Monday". In 2008, the event was held on Monday, November 17, 2008 from 5 pm to 9 pm.
Six Flags Over Georgia observes four branch-specific MADs, granting free admission to military personnel on September 18, 19, 25, and 26 in 2010.
National Speed, Inc. holds a yearly Military Appreciation Day event open to all branches of the military and to the public. The event is always held on Armed Forces Day and all proceeds are donated to Wounded Warrior Project.
External links.
Currently, Military Appreciation Day hosts events in Morehead City and Southport, North Carolina MAD hosted its first event on May 20, 2006 and since then has served over 5000 of our nations military members on fishing trips, land based activities and scenic boat tours.
MAD, Inc. will be hosting the next event on Saturday, June 1 in Morehead City, NC. We are hoping to have 110 volunteer provided boats and host 600 Active Duty, Guard and Reservists for a day of great fishing followed by an old fashioned barbecue dinner.
If you are interested in learning about Military Appreciation Day, Inc. please visit www.MilitaryAppreciationDay.org

</doc>
<doc id="20327891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327891" title="Marcus Beilby">
Marcus Beilby

Marcus Beilby (born in 1951, Western Australia), is an Australian realist painter. Beilby grew up in the Perth suburb of Mount Pleasant. He was educated at Applecross Senior High School and the Claremont Technical College, where he received a Diploma of Fine Arts (Painting) in 1975.
Beilby was the winner of the 1987 Sir John Sulman Prize for Australian Genre Painting. The winning painting, "Crutching the ewes" has been described as a homage to Tom Roberts' "Shearing the Rams".
He currently resides in East Fremantle, Western Australia.
His father was the noted Australian author and novelist Richard Beilby.

</doc>
<doc id="20327895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327895" title="Battle of Auvere">
Battle of Auvere

Battle of Auvere was a battle in Estonia, starting on July 20, 1944 and ending on July 25. It was a part of the World War II campaign in Narva.
The Soviet 8th Army started attacking the Auvere Station on July 20 with artillery fire. The defenders had some losses. The Estonians and Germans (of the 11th (East Prussian) Infantry Division) had built trenches and dug themselves into foxholes. In the morning of July 24, the Soviet assault commenced with 30-50 batteries firing 17,000 shells and grenades (2,000 tons), inflicting significant casualties to the Estonian 45th Regiment in Auvere and the 44th Infantry Regiment in the borough of Sirgala.
After two hours of preparatory artillery fire, the two regiments were attacked from the air. Three German and eight Soviet bombers were shot down in air combat. Under artillery cover, the Soviet 122nd Rifle Corps and a tank brigade pierced to the German positions, while the 117th Rifle Corps encircled the Estonian regiment, which reformed themselves in circular defence.
Relieved by Paul Albert Kausch's Kampfgruppe (the "Nordland" Tank Battalion with additional units) and three rocket artillery launchers, the Estonians went on for a counterattack. The 44th Regiment was saved by the swift movement of artillery behind them clearing their previous positions of Soviet troops. The 117th Rifle Corps reached the headquarters of the Estonian I Battalion, who resisted by heavy machine-gun fire in circular defence. The support by the anti-tank weapons of the 14th Company and Kausch's Kampfgruppe helped to seize the main frontline back to the control of the "Narwa".
The attempts by the 117th and the 122nd Rifle Corps to break through were repelled in a similar way, causing them to lose 3,000 men, 17 planes and 29 tanks, compared to the loss of 800 troops of army detachment "Narwa". On the next day, the Soviet 8th Army tried to capture the German positions again, but they were repelled by machine guns.
Forces.
Germany
Soviet Union

</doc>
<doc id="20327902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327902" title="Papyrus 121">
Papyrus 121

Papyrus 121 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_1121, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of John. The surviving texts of John are only fragments of verses 19:17-18,25-26. They are in very fragmentary condition. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 3rd century by the INTF.
The manuscript currently is housed at the Papyrology Rooms of the Sackler Library at Oxford with the shelf number P. Oxy. 4805.
Description.
The manuscript is written irregular, spaces between letters are not equal. Though the text is very small, it contains two of the nomina sacra: ΙΣ and ΜΗΙ (dative case from ΜΗΡ). Above letter iota two dots (diaeresis). On page recto, in lower line, from the left a scribe did not used letter iota in word και (and), though inserted diaeresis above letter alpha. Possibly it is a scribal error.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is too brief to determine its textual character. It can not be placed to any of Categories of New Testament manuscripts. It contains only 20 letters on recto, and 18 letters on verso. 
In red colour missing letters.

</doc>
<doc id="20327910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327910" title="A' Mhaighdean">
A' Mhaighdean

A' Mhaighdean is one of the least accessible of the munros in northern Scotland. It is north of Kinlochewe but most easily accessible from Poolewe, taking a private road South East (pedestrian & bicycle access only) to Kernsary. A good track then leads to the causeway between the Fionn Loch and Loch Dubh. Follow the path eastwards to about the level and cross the Allt Bruthach an Esain to gain the North West ridge of the mountain.
The mountain is composed of gneiss, the summit presenting the highest elevation of the Lewisian. Part of the North West ridge is capped by Torridonian sandstone.

</doc>
<doc id="20327952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327952" title="Beautiful Dreamer (2006 film)">
Beautiful Dreamer (2006 film)

Beautiful Dreamer is a 2006 romantic drama film set during World War II.
Plot.
Not soon after childhood sweethearts Joe Kelly and Claire get married, U.S. president declares war situation in the country. Joe, who is a Bomber pilot, leaves for the war. He crashes his plane, and is captured by Germany (enemy) troops and loses his memory from a strike on his head after the crash. Joe is given a fallen comrade’s identity tags and assumes another identity. When Joe is not found in the wreckage, he is assumed missing in action. After two years, he is presumed dead.
Claire and Joe's Grandfather, William Kelly, struggle making their livelihood. He tells her to go somewhere she could find something better to do. On a lunch with one of Joe's colleagues and his wife, they come across Joe's co-pilot, Peter, who informs them that Joe didn't die in the crash. He tells them that he had seen Joe a year after the incident in a truck and but when he called his name, he wasn't sure he heard him. Despite of Grandpa's disapproval, Claire leaves to find Joe.
While pursuing her search, Claire reaches Harris and finds Joe at a cafe when her car breaks down. However, she is surprised when he doesn't recognize her and the people around call him Tommy (Thomas Warner). Joe (now Tommy) feels some connection with Claire, but can't understand what it is. Claire calls Grandpa and they go to Dr. Kessler to talk about Joe's condition, who suggests them not to try to make him remember anything as it could be fatal for him. He reveals that Joe is suffering from amnesia. He tells Claire to stay close to Joe.
Joe is now a partner of a garage (where they fix planes) with William Martin. Claire takes up the job of a waitress at the Ruby's (cafe where she met Joe again). William flirts with Claire when he and Joe go to the cafe for lunch, which Claire ignores. She accepts his invitation to visit his garage, though, in hope to find out something about what happened with Joe. At the garage, Claire feels jealous of a woman called Rachel Thompson who is clearly interested in Tommy (Joe). Through William, Claire finds out a little about what happened with Joe.
Tommy later had an argument with William over a business contract, which he had sighed without Tommy's knowledge, due to which they could lose all their business. One night, Tommy dreams of how he got his name (Thomas Warner). Claire goes to garage next day and offers her help. She tells him that she used to work at Kelly's Fields and knows somebody who could loan him till he can repay. With her help, they get a B-24 bomber, for a huge cargo they needed to deliver. While Tommy tries to fix the bomber, Claire helps him out with spare part supplies.
On one occasion, Tommy, William, Rachel (and her daughter) go to Ruby's for dinner. Claire gets upset, when Rachel's daughter asks who is going to marry Rachel. Next day, when Claire is leaving after delivering a few supplies at the garage, Tommy gets a flashback of his childhood. Rachel is clearly unhappy about Tommy's acquaintance with Claire and tells him to stay away from her.
On dance night at Ruby's, Tommy doesn't show any interest in dancing, so William and Rachel dance together, though later, Tommy agrees to dance with Claire. Tommy leaves reluctantly when he gets flashbacks of his past once again while dancing. Claire follows him. He tries to fly B-24 bomber, the one he had been trying to restore and gets flashbacks again. He recalls how his plane crashed and while saving his fellow soldier, Bobby, he himself got severely injured. Claire tries to help him, but he pushes her away in stress. Heartbroken, Claire decides to leave. She borrows money from Ruby in exchange of her wedding ring.
At the garage, Tommy and William perform a successful test on the restored B-24 bomber, with many town-folks as well as Claire observing. She leaves soon after. While flying, Tommy relives the moments when his plane crashed and he was trying to save Bobby. As he leaves his seat, William is surprised and worried, but manages to land the plane back at the garage. He takes an unconscious Tommy to the hospital.
Claire returns home to Grandpa. Tommy (now Joe again) recalls everything when at hospital. When Claire is out for a walk to the pond where Joe had proposed her, she sees the B-24 bomber fly past over her and runs after it, hoping Joe has returned. Joe shows up reuniting with her and they kiss. He gives Claire her wedding ring and the family is together again with Grandpa joining them.
Crew.
Director Terri Farley Teruel
Cast.
Brooke Langton - Claire Kelly<br> 
Colin Egglesfield - Joe Kelly<br>
James Denton - Dr. Kessler<br>
Barry Corbin - Grandpa<br>
Rusty Schwimmer - Jeannie<br>
William Lee Scott - Will<br>
Lauren Woodland - Racheal<br>
Elise Jackson - Sherry

</doc>
<doc id="20327959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327959" title="Tony Williams (English musician)">
Tony Williams (English musician)

Anthony "Tony" Williams (born 19 August 1947 in Durham City, England) is an English musician who plays bass guitar in the folk rock/rock band Stealers Wheel and who also played with Jethro Tull.
Career.
Born in Durham City, he later moved to Blackpool, Lancashire where other future band members of Jethro Tull also lived including, Ian Anderson, Barriemore Barlow, John Evan and Jeffrey Hammond.
In the 1960s he played guitar with The Executives, a Blackpool-based Mod band who recorded a handful of singles with frontman Roy Carr and future Jethro Tull bassist Glenn Cornick.
Williams originally auditioned to join Jethro Tull in 1968 along with Martin Barre. He also brought out a single, "Lazy River". From 1970 to 1971 he played bass guitar with the band Requiem.
In 1972 Williams joined Stealers Wheel, which had been formed earlier that year in Paisley, Renfrewshire by former school friends Gerry Rafferty and Joe Egan. Williams helped record their self-styled debut album "Stealers Wheel", which was produced by the influential American songwriters and producers Leiber & Stoller. Williams left Stealers Wheel a year later. In 1978 he joined Jethro Tull, replacing John Glascock who was unwell, at the request of Ian Anderson. He joined them on their tour of North America before returning to studio work and television production.
After being contacted by iTunes and K-tel records in California, and following negotiations which started in 2006, Williams re-formed Stealers Wheel in Blackpool in 2008 with two other original band members, Rod Coombes and Paul Pilnick together with locally based musician and songwriter Tony Mitchell. On 10 November 2008 they started filming a music video for a re-release of "Stuck in the Middle" on the Fylde coast. They also began writing songs for a new album to be released in 2009, although they have no plans to go on tour.
Personal life.
Williams works in elephant conservation, and has worked as a Public Relations advisor, based at Blackpool Zoo, the for the British and Irish Association of Zoos and Aquariums. In 2007 he was elected as a local councillor in Blackpool.
He was re-elected in 2011 and is currently the Leader of the Conservative Group on Blackpool Borough Council
and a board member of the Arts Council North West

</doc>
<doc id="20327987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327987" title="Sarnaki">
Sarnaki

Sarnaki is a village in Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sarnaki. It lies approximately north-east of Łosice and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,194.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20327997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20327997" title="Lisa Lents">
Lisa Lents

Lisa Lents (born December 15, 1986 in Soviet Union) is a Danish celebrity & TV personality. She is a professional model & former Miss World Denmark who represented Denmark in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. Lents is studying for her TV & Media Director degree at The Danish School of Media & Journalism and she is currently working with casting in Hollywood. 
Lisa has practiced Taekwondo since she was 10 years old and has won more than 150 titles around the world. She has been on the Danish National Team of Taekwondo (Poomse) since 2003. Her proudest moment was winning the Junior World Championship 2004 in Korea. The year after, Lents won the Senior European Championship in Finland. Besides competing, Lents teaches others and coaches the Danish Talent Team. In 2010 she became the youngest woman in Denmark to hold the rank of WTF 4th Dan Black Belt.

</doc>
<doc id="20328011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328011" title="Neelin High School">
Neelin High School

Neelin High School is a high school in Brandon, Manitoba, west-central Canada.
Neelin Composite High School opened in January 1957. The school was named after Thomas Addison Neelin, the Superintendent of the Brandon Schools from 1924 to 1950. Comp. High, as it came to be known, offered an academic program of studies along with Industrial Vocational, Business Education and Occupational Entrance Courses. The school motto "Cum Manu et Capite" (with Hand and Mind) reflects this early program mix. The school functioned as a composite high school until 1974, when the Industrial Vocational, Business Education along with the Occupational Entrance courses were transferred over to Crocus Plains Regional Secondary School. Composite, was shortly thereafter removed from the title of the school, leaving T.A. Neelin High School. Through the ensuing years it has come to be known as Neelin High School, or more simply, Neelin.
It offers programs in both French immersion and English. Neelin High School has offered an IB Diploma Programme since May 2006 in addition to a regular program in Life Skills-Based Education. Neelin High School has a choir program consisting of four choirs, all under the conduction of Ms. Carolyn Gwyer. Neelin's sports teams are known as the "Neelin Spartans". Neelin's French name is "L'École Secondaire Neelin."
The school is public and funded by the province.

</doc>
<doc id="20328023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328023" title="Association for Corporate Growth">
Association for Corporate Growth

The Association for Corporate Growth (ACG) is an organization providing a global "community" for mergers and acquisitions and corporate growth professionals. Founded in 1954, ACG has grown to more than 14,000 members from corporations, private equity, finance, and professional service firms representing Fortune 1000, FTSE 100, and mid-market companies. There are 56 chapters in North America and Europe. These chapters meet regularly, support events and provide a forum for senior-level M&A professionals to network, share best practices and source deals.
ACG InterGrowth.
ACG InterGrowth is ACG's cornerstone networking event. It is the world’s largest dealmakers conference, attracting more than 2,000 middle market M&A professionals who attend to network, source deals and learn best practices in M&A. Participants include private equity professionals, intermediaries, corporate development officers, lenders, lawyers and accountants.
ACG InterGrowth 2010 was held May 4–6 at The Fountainbleau Hotel in Miami Beach, Florida. Featured speakers included Henry M. Paulson, Arthur B. Laffer, Larry Sabato and Michael Hayden.
ACG InterGrowth 2011 was held March 21–23 at Manchester Grand Hyatt in San Diego, California. The featured speaker for the 2011 event was retired Army general, Stanley McChrystal.
China International Private Equity Forum.
ACG also annually co-hosts CIPEF, China International Private Equity Forum. CIPEF is geared towards educating business persons regarding investing in China. Over a thousand Chinese companies seeking foreign investment attend, including Chinese government officials and a variety of private equity professionals, intermediaries, corporate development executives, lawyers, consultants and others interested in investing in China.
ACG Cup.
Several ACG chapters also host ACG Cup Competitions. The ACG Cup is a case study competition designed to give students from leading MBA programs across the country real world experience and invaluable insights into mergers and acquisitions, investment banking, financial advisory and private equity. Each case study provides students with a unique opportunity to present valuation, capital markets and M&A strategic advice to a panel of seasoned M&A professionals from within the ACG community. The competition is carried out through a series of intra-school and regional competitions, with regional winners awarded the ACG Cup title and cash awards.
ACG CapitalLink.
ACG also offers members access to ACG CapitalLink, powered by PitchBook Lite. ACG CapitalLink is a proprietary database of thousands of capital resources, including private equity firms, hedge funds, mezzanine investors, small business investment companies, valuation firms and M&A advisory firms, offers detailed information on a vast array of firms and individuals. 
ACG CapitalLink offers information on a vast array of firms and individuals. Updated continuously, it currently features data on approximately:
ACG Publications.
"Mergers and Acquisitions, the Dealmaker's Journal" (MAJ) is the official publication of the Association for Corporate Growth. It provides coverage and analysis of key deals and influential developments in mergers and acquisitions. Also included is a section on headline local, regional and international news related to ACG members and chapters. MAJ is distributed monthly to more than 10,000 subscribers, including ACG’s membership.
"Achieving Corporate Growth" is ACG’s monthly electronic newsletter featuring articles by ACG members on the latest in M&A and Corporate Growth.

</doc>
<doc id="20328033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328033" title="Acontias (disambiguation)">
Acontias (disambiguation)

Acontias may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20328064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328064" title="John Peter (novelist)">
John Peter (novelist)

John Desmond Peter (1921–1983) was an English literature scholar, essayist, and novelist born in South Africa. He studied law at the University of South Africa, and English literature at Cambridge University, later obtaining his Ph.D. from Rhodes University.
Peter came to Canada in 1950 and taught English at the University of Manitoba for eleven years. He joined the Victoria College Department of English in 1961. He was co-founder, with Robin Skelton, of the literary magazine "Malahat Review".
He is remembered mostly widely for his 1952 essay "A New Interpretation of "The Waste Land"", in which he interpreted T.S. Eliot's poem as an elegy for a dead (male) friend, Jean Verdenal. At the instance of Eliot's solicitors, it was suppressed and only republished in 1969, four years after Eliot's death.

</doc>
<doc id="20328070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328070" title="Scott R. Thomas">
Scott R. Thomas

Scott R. Thomas (born January 25, 1990) is politician from Pennsylvania. He is a member of the Republican Party and served one term as a member of the Pottsville Area School District board of education. In December 2012, Thomas announced that he would not seek re-election to the board. Then on January 15, 2013, he announced his candidacy for Mayor Of Pottsville, PA. On November 5, 2013, Thomas was defeated by Pottsville City Councilman James T. Muldowney.
Personal.
Scott R. Thomas is from Pottsville, Pennsylvania of Schuylkill County and graduated from Pottsville Area High School in 2008. Thomas graduated with a degree in Public Administration from Kutztown University in May 2013.
Thomas is an active member of his community, volunteering at three local nursing homes since he was 6 years old. In 2005, Scott was chosen as "Volunteer of the Year" at Manor Care Nursing Home, Pottsville. He is also an active member of his church, Trinity Lutheran Church, Pottsville.
Political Start.
Scott R. Thomas was elected to represent Schuylkill County on the Republican State Committee on April 22, 2008. Prior to being elected, Thomas had active in Republican politics since he was the age of 14.
In January 2005, his role in politics increased in when he decided to establish the Pottsville Teenage Republicans, and being elected their first chairman by approx. 20 of his peers in February. Under his leadership, the group expanded in 2006 throughout the county and became the Schuylkill County Teenage Republicans. That summer he was re-elected to another term as chairman.
In March 2007, Thomas led the fight against the Pottsville City Council who wanted to place a restriction on open comment at council meetings. Through public outrage, the council made changes to their policy. The council later changed the ordinance.
In April 2007, Scott decided to step down as chairman of the Schuylkill County TARS and decided to take the helm of the state TARS organization. Thomas along with his vice chair, Malik Neal, Philadelphia, has re established Pennsylvania's Teen Republican organization.
In 2008, Scott Thomas won a seat on the Republican State Committee. In addition, he was appointed to the Pennsylvania Young Republicans Board of Directors.
Pottsville Area School Board, 2009-2013.
Thomas defeated the odds as he won as an non endorsed candidate of his party. He is the youngest member of the Pennsylvania Republican State Committee being elected at the age of 18.
In 2009, Thomas ousted current Pottsville Area School Board president, Jack Dolbin by over 400 votes. He was sworn into office in December. Throughout the course of his campaign, Thomas pledged to hold the line on taxes while promising to increase communication between teachers, students, parents, and the board of education. Within a year into his term of office, Thomas was one of the leading advocates for a school dress code. He met with parents and students in efforts to develop a fair dress code for all parties involved. The dress code was passed a month later.
On May 16, 2012, Thomas was elected unanimously as the Treasurer of the Pottsville Area School district.
In December 2012, he announced that he would not be seeking another term in office. During his tenure, the board has never voted to increase taxes.
2013 Pottsville Mayoral Race.
On January 15, 2013, Thomas announced his candidacy for Mayor of the City Of Pottsville, PA. A month later, another Republican, Philip McClintock announced his candidacy for Mayor in the Republican primary election. 
Thomas then defeated McClintock by a large 508-299 voter margin to become the Republican nominee.
Thomas was then defeated by Pottsville City Councilman James T. Muldowney in the General Election.

</doc>
<doc id="20328088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328088" title="Róbert Fekete">
Róbert Fekete

Róbert Fekete is a Hungarian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20328112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328112" title="List of shipwrecks in 1955">
List of shipwrecks in 1955

The list of shipwrecks in 1955 includes all ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20328116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328116" title="Geisha Montes">
Geisha Montes

Geisha Nathali Montes de Oca Robles (born 1988 in Santo Domingo) is a Dominican beauty pageant titleholder who represented her country at Miss World 2008 in South Africa. 
Personal life.
She studied graphic design, public relations, photography and social communications. She is currently studying journalism and broadcasting. 
Pageant participation.
She first entered Reina del Carnaval Dominicana 2007 representing the Distrito Nacional and won. She represented the Dominican Republic at Miss Tourism Queen International 2007 and won Queens of the America. She later entered Miss Mundo Dominicana 2008 and won, gaining the right to represent the Dominican Republic at Miss World. She competed in Miss World 2008 but failed to place in the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="20328139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328139" title="1978–79 KNVB Cup">
1978–79 KNVB Cup

The 61st edition of the KNVB Cup started on August 19, 1978. The first final was played on May 15, 1979: the match Ajax – FC Twente ended a draw: 1–1 (after extra time). Instead of a penalty shootout, a replay was held on May 29. In that match, Ajax beat FC Twente 3–0 and won the cup for the eighth time. During the quarter and semi-finals of the tournament, two-legged matches were held.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on August 19 and 20, 1978.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on October 14, 15 and 25, 1978. The Eredivisie clubs entered the tournament this round.
Round of 16.
The matches were played on November 18 and 19, 1978.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played on March 14 and April 4, 1979.
Semi-finals.
The semi-finals were played on April 18 and May 2, 1979.
Final.
Replay.
Ajax also won the Dutch Eredivisie championship, thereby taking the double. They would participate in the European Cup, so finalists Twente could play in the Cup Winners' Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20328143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328143" title="Preacher's Boy">
Preacher's Boy

Preacher’s Boy is a 1999 children's historical novel written by American novelist Katherine Paterson. Set in Vermont during in 1899, the story focuses on Robbie Hewitt, the rambunctious 10-year-old child of a small town preacher and brother of simple-minded Elliot. Elliot has autism and many times Robbie wishes he was dead. Robbie is always being silly and tries at the beginning of the book to kill one of the Weston Brothers. The Weston brothers are the sons of the richest men in town. As the boy’s mischievous behavior becomes more pronounced, he becomes engaged in activity that has lethal consequences for a member of his community. Complicating matters is the boy’s desire to challenge his father by breaking away from organized religion. Certain that his family's beliefs are too restrictive, Robbie sets out to live life to the fullest, deciding to become "a heathen, a Unitarian, or a Democrat, whichever was most fun" (p.19). 

</doc>
<doc id="20328149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328149" title="Cleveland Browns relocation controversy">
Cleveland Browns relocation controversy

The Cleveland Browns relocation controversy, sometimes referred to as "The Move", was the decision by then-Browns owner Art Modell to move the National Football League (NFL) team from its longtime home of Cleveland, Ohio, to Baltimore, Maryland, for the 1996 NFL season.
Subsequent legal actions saw a unique compromise that would later set a precedent in American professional sports: Modell would be able to retain the Browns' existing player and staff contracts, but his team officially would be an entirely new franchise in Baltimore, later named the Baltimore Ravens. Meanwhile, the Browns' name, history, and archives would stay in Cleveland, and a new Browns team would begin play in 1999 after a nominal three-year period of "deactivation".
Early stages of the move.
In 1973, then-Browns owner Art Modell signed a 25-year lease to operate Cleveland Stadium. Modell's newly formed company, Stadium Corporation, assumed the expenses of operations from the city, freeing up tax dollars for other purposes. Also, Modell would pay an annual rent of $150,000 for the first five years and $200,000 afterwards to the city. In exchange, Modell would receive all revenue generated by the stadium. Stadium Corp invested in improvements, including new electronic scoreboards and luxury suites. Renting the suites and the scoreboard advertising generated substantial revenue for Stadium Corp and Modell.
However, Modell refused to share the suite revenue with the Cleveland Indians Major League Baseball team (which also played at Cleveland Stadium), even though much of the revenues were generated during baseball games as well as football games.
Financial problems eventually led to Modell moving the Browns. In 1994, the Indians prevailed upon the local governments and voters and convinced them to build them their own facility where they controlled the suite revenue. Modell, mistakenly believing that his revenues were not endangered, refused to participate in the Gateway Project that built Jacobs Field (now known as Progressive Field) for the Indians and Gund Arena (now known as Quicken Loans Arena) for the NBA's Cleveland Cavaliers. Modell's assumptions proved incorrect, and Stadium Corp's suite revenues declined sharply when the Indians moved from the stadium to Jacobs Field in 1994. Soaring player costs and deficits also contributed to Modell's financial losses. Modell lost $21 million between 1993 and 1994.
Announcing the move.
After Modell realized how much revenue he lost from the Indians moving out of Cleveland Stadium, he requested an issue be placed on the ballot to provide $175 million in tax dollars to refurbish the outmoded and declining Cleveland Stadium.
On the field, the Browns, coached by Bill Belichick, were coming off a playoff season in which the team finished 11–5 and advanced to the second round of the playoffs entering the 1995 season. "Sports Illustrated" even predicted the Browns would represent the AFC in Super Bowl XXX at the end of the season. However, the team disappointed many fans by losing three straight games after starting the season 3–1.
On November 6, 1995, with the team sitting at 4–5, Modell announced in a press conference at Camden Yards that he had signed a deal to relocate the Browns to Baltimore, Maryland in 1996 – a move which would return the NFL to Baltimore for the first time since the Baltimore Colts relocated to Indianapolis, Indiana after the 1983 season. The reason Modell chose to relocate to Baltimore was because he felt the city had the funding to build a first-class stadium. The very next day, on November 7, Cleveland voters overwhelmingly approved the aforementioned tax issue to remodel Cleveland Stadium.
Browns fans reacted with great anger to the news, wearing hats and t-shirts that read "Muck Fodell". Cleveland filed an injunction to keep the Browns in the city until at least 1998, while several other lawsuits were filed by fans and ticket holders. Congress held hearings on the matter. Actor/comedian Drew Carey returned to his hometown of Cleveland on November 26, 1995, to host "Fan Jam" in protest of the proposed move. A protest was held in Pittsburgh during the Browns' game there against the Pittsburgh Steelers but ABC, the network broadcasting the game (and also the home of Carey's new sitcom that had just premiered), declined to cover or mention the protest. It was one of the few instances that Steelers fans and Browns fans were supportive of each other, as fans in Pittsburgh felt that Modell was robbing their team of their long-standing rivalry with the Browns.
Virtually all of the team's sponsors pulled their support, leaving Cleveland Stadium devoid of advertising during the team's final weeks.
As far as the on-field product was concerned, the Browns stumbled to finish 5–11 after the announcement, ahead of only the expansion Jacksonville Jaguars, to whom they lost twice, in the AFC Central. The final game the team played at Cleveland Municipal Stadium was a 26–10 victory over the Cincinnati Bengals.
Settlement.
After extensive talks between the NFL, the Browns and officials of the two cities, Cleveland accepted a legal settlement that would keep the Browns' legacy in Cleveland. On February 9, 1996, the NFL announced that the Browns would be 'deactivated' for three years, and that a new stadium would be built for a new Browns team, as either an expansion team or a team moved from another city, that would begin play in 1999. Modell would in turn then be granted a new franchise (the 31st NFL franchise), for Baltimore, retaining the current contracts of players and personnel. There would be a reactivated team for Cleveland, where the Browns' name, colors, history, records, awards and archives would remain in Cleveland. The only other current NFL team to suspend operations without merging with another was Cleveland's previous NFL team, the Rams, during the 1943 season at the height of World War II.
An additional stipulation was that in any future realignment plan, the Browns would automatically be placed in a division with the Pittsburgh Steelers and Cincinnati Bengals, because of longstanding rivalries with those two teams. Upon their reactivation in 1999, the Browns were placed back in the AFC Central with the Steelers and Bengals, as well as the rechristened Ravens ("née" Browns), Titans and Jaguars. When the NFL realigned into divisions of four teams for the 2002 season, Cleveland, Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, and Baltimore remained together, but in the newly created AFC North.
Aftermath.
The return of the NFL to Baltimore effectively killed the professional football team already in Baltimore at the time, the Grey Cup champion Baltimore Stallions of the Canadian Football League (CFL). Although they had been a runaway hit both on and off the field, Stallions owner Jim Speros knew he could not compete with an NFL team and opted to move elsewhere. He eventually moved the team to Montreal as the third incarnation of the Montreal Alouettes, though the CFL considers the new Alouettes to share the history of the teams that previously called Montreal home while the Stallions history is considered separate. Speros only kept the team for one year before selling it to Bob Wetenhall in 1997.
Focus groups, a telephone survey, and a fan contest were all held to help select a new name for Modell's relocated club. Starting with a list of over 100 possible names, the team's management reduced it to 17. From there, focus groups of a total of 200 Baltimore area residents reduced the list of names to six, and then a phone survey of 1000 people trimmed it down to three, Marauders, Americans, and Ravens. Finally, a fan contest drawing 33,288 voters picked "Ravens", a name that alludes to the famous poem, "The Raven", by Edgar Allan Poe, who spent the latter part of his life in Baltimore, and is also buried there. The team also adopted purple and black as their team colors, a stark contrast of the brown and orange colors of the Browns. Ex-Baltimore Colts such as Art Donovan and Johnny Unitas disowned the Colts after their move to Indianapolis and are claimed in the Ravens' history. The former Colts Marching Band, which remained in Baltimore after the Colts moved, was subsequently renamed the Baltimore's Marching Ravens. Along with the San Francisco 49ers, Buffalo Bills, and Washington Redskins, the Ravens are one of only four NFL teams with an official marching band.
Modell's move to Baltimore came at the height of NFL teams relocating. The move also fueled a proliferation of 12 new stadiums throughout the NFL. Several NFL franchises used the threat of relocation to coerce their respective cities to build new stadiums with public funds. Such franchises include the Seahawks, Buccaneers, Bengals, Lions, Cardinals, and Bears. In the three-year period from 1995–1997, four NFL teams moved. In addition to Modell's move, Los Angeles lost both of its teams for the 1995 season as the Raiders moved back to Oakland and the Rams moved east to St. Louis. The fourth and final move saw the Houston Oilers leave Texas to move to Memphis in 1997 and become known as the Tennessee Oilers; the team would move again to Nashville in 1998 and would be renamed the Tennessee Titans in .
After several NFL teams used Cleveland as a relocation threat to become the reactivated Browns (most notably the Tampa Bay Buccaneers), the NFL decided in 1998 to make the reactivated Browns an expansion team, which while it temporarily gave the league an odd number of teams (causing at least one team to be off in each of the 17 weeks of the NFL season from 1999–2001), it also eliminated any possibility of an existing franchise giving up its own identity for the Browns and thus prevented more lawsuits. In a somewhat ironic twist, Al Lerner—who helped Modell move to Baltimore—was granted ownership of the reactivated Browns; his son Randy took over ownership after Al's death in 2002 before selling the team to Pilot Flying J CEO Jimmy Haslam in 2012. The Houston Texans were created as the 32nd team to replace the Oilers in Houston, Texas for the 2002 NFL season to give the league once again an even number of teams.
The reactivated Browns have had only two winning seasons since returning to the NFL in 1999: a 9–7 finish in 2002 which also saw the team clinch a wild card spot in the playoffs, and a 10–6 finish in 2007 while barely missing the playoffs. Meanwhile, the Ravens have been more successful, reaching the playoffs eight times since 2000 and winning Super Bowl XXXV and Super Bowl XLVII, often to the dismay of Browns fans. Longtime placekicker Matt Stover was the last remaining Raven that was with Modell's franchise during the move, having departed the team following the 2008 season when the team chose not to re-sign him. General manager and former Browns tight end Ozzie Newsome (who was in a front-office role with Modell by the time of the move) remains with the Modell franchise.
Because of continual financial hardships, the NFL directed Modell to initiate the sale of his franchise. On March 27, 2000, NFL owners approved the sale of 49% of the Ravens to Steve Bisciotti. In the deal, Bisciotti had an option to purchase the remaining 51% for $325 million in 2004 from Art Modell. On April 8, 2004, the NFL approved Steve Bisciotti's purchase of the majority stake in the club. Although Modell later retired and had relinquished control of the Ravens, he is still hated in Cleveland, which had been angry at him long before the move when he fired legendary head coach Paul Brown in 1963. Some considered the Browns' relocation and subsequent lawsuits costing Modell a spot in the Pro Football Hall of Fame, which is located in Canton, Ohio, just 60 miles south of Cleveland and is both part of the Cleveland television market and part of the Browns' territorial rights.
The move would also have an effect in Pittsburgh as well. Steelers owner Dan Rooney was one of two owners to oppose Modell's move to Baltimore because of a mutual respect for the team and the fans. Because of the move, the Browns–Steelers rivalry, arguably one of the most heated rivalries in the NFL, has somewhat cooled in Pittsburgh. The Steelers–Ravens rivalry is considered the spiritual successor by fans in Pittsburgh and is one of the most heated current rivalries in the NFL. Although the rivalry is not as intense in Pittsburgh, Browns fans still consider it their top rivalry despite the Browns' recent struggles against the Steelers. Since returning to the NFL, the Browns and Steelers rivalry has been one-sided in favor of the Steelers, with the Browns losing twelve straight games to the Steelers from 2003 until 2009.
Effect on teams in other sports leagues.
The NFL's deal with Cleveland set a legal precedent with other sports teams. The Minnesota Twins, when they signed their deal with Hennepin County, Minnesota for Target Field in 2006, agreed to a provision that was signed into law that allows the state of Minnesota the right of first refusal to buy the team if it is ever sold, and requires that the name, colors, World Series trophies and history of the team remain in Minnesota if the Twins are ever moved out of state, a deal similar to what Modell agreed to with the city of Cleveland during the move.
In December 2005, the San Jose Earthquakes of Major League Soccer (MLS) moved to Houston, Texas to become the Houston Dynamo. At the time, it was announced by the league that while players and staff would move with the team, the team name, colors, logo, and records (including two championship trophies) would stay in San Jose for when a new expansion team arrives. In 2008, the Earthquakes returned under the ownership of Lew Wolff.
When the National Basketball Association (NBA)'s Seattle SuperSonics moved to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma in 2008, it was agreed that the 'SuperSonics' name, logo, colors, and history would all be left in Seattle. This also includes banners and trophies, which would be displayed in a museum until a new franchise is brought to Seattle to be hung from the rafters of its arena. The original Sonics, now the Oklahoma City Thunder, will continue to keep the Sonics tie-ins, including records, championships, and retired numbers, until a new NBA franchise is brought to Seattle. Both the Thunder and a potential Seattle franchise would "share" the SuperSonics history.
In the most recent professional sports franchise relocation scenario, a team retook the name of the city's previous team that bore that name (as the relocated Baltimore Stallions did when the Ravens forced their move to Montreal). The National Hockey League (NHL)'s Winnipeg Jets announced in 1996 that they would be leaving Manitoba for Phoenix, Arizona and become the Phoenix Coyotes. After the Coyotes went bankrupt in 2010, an ownership group called True North Sports & Entertainment tried to buy the team and return it to Canada, where it would have reassumed the Jets' name and history in Winnipeg. The group failed to do so, but when the Atlanta Thrashers came up for sale a year later, True North purchased them instead and moved them north for the NHL season. Since the NHL had taken control of the Coyotes after their bankruptcy, they had the right to decide if the new Winnipeg team could assume both the name and the history. The league elected to let True North use the name, but the new Jets were not able to use the old Jets' history as that would remain in Phoenix with the Coyotes.

</doc>
<doc id="20328158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328158" title="Anne Katrin Walter">
Anne Katrin Walter

Anne Katrin Walter is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Germany in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She studied medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="20328170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328170" title="Big Boss Man (band)">
Big Boss Man (band)

Formation and early years.
Nasser Bouzida, who was brought up in Harlow but formative year were spent in Newbury, Berkshire had a strong love in Latin music. When he was a teenager, Nasser liked composing mini rock-operas in the style of Showaddywaddy. When he was in his early twenties he appeared on the low-budget cableTV show “Jenny Powell’s Hot”, due to him becoming a pioneer of the sports-casual movement. On the set of this show he first met the band Bloodvessel, one of whom was Trevor Harding. A quote from their website describes the pair:
"Bouzida and Harding soon formed an unbreakable bond through their love of the Portsmouth Sea life centre and Roxy Music. After witnessing a life – changing gig by world music surrealists “Bandanna” at the now infamous Bedford Arms, the two formed “Espadrille”."
The story continues:
"Their first big break came when Sea Link offered them a glamorous five show per day three-month contract. (Including two free hot meals per day and unlimited access to the mini-bar) On one particularly choppy entertainment voyage the duo bumped into Coffin Nails’ tattooed psycho dog-man “Mad-Man” Scott Milsom and indie sex-fiend / owner of Europe’s thinnest ears; Nick Nichols.
That ferry journey changed their lives and on that November day in 1998, the band now known as Big Boss Man was formed. The original lineup was and still is Nasser Bouzida a.k.a. “The Bongolian” on organs, percussion and occasional vocals, Scott Milsom on the bass guitar, Trevor Harding on the electric guitar and Nick Nicholls on drums. In the first half of 1999, the band played a gig at the "Blow Up" when it was situated at the Wag club in Soho, London. According to the band's website they were loved by the crowd, which had filled the club to capacity as was normal.
"as usual the club was packed and the crowd absolutely loved the Big Boss Sound. They were then immediately signed up to the club's very own "Blow Up" record label."
Afterwards, the band made their first release, as part of the V2 Blow Up compilation "Blow Up A Go-Go" with the demo version of the track Humanize, (recorded in the band's very own Ramshackle studios). This track was then re-recorded and released as the title track on the band's own debut album.
In 2000, the band appeared in and wrote the soundtrack for the short comedy film "Sweet". This film starred the UK comedy duo The Mighty Boosh (Julian Barratt and Noel Fielding), who were awarded the Perrier Best Newcomers award of Edinburgh Festival. As well as providing the soundtrack, the band are in the film in the club scenes and as extras in the bar scenes.
November 2000 also saw the inclusion of "Xmas BOOGALOO"on the compilation album "It’s A Cool, Cool Christmas".
Sea Groove.
In September 2000, Big Boss Man released their first single, "Sea Groove" (named possibly due to the chance encounter between the four members on a ferry). This was part of Blow Up's new series of 7" records called 'Blow Up 45's'. SELECT magazine gave the single a good review, alongside such artists as Eminem, Coldplay, and Fat Boy Slim. It is said to be an "essential" 45 for the likes of DJs Snowboy, Bob Jones, Gary Crowley, Ross Alan and of course, the Blow Up DJ crew. The release was marked by a show at a Blow Up club event celebrating the opening of the "My Generation" Fashion and Photography Exhibition in Stockholm.
"Humanize".
Big Boss Man's debut album, Humanize, featuring the singles Sea Groove, Big Boss Man and Sell Your Soul was released in April 2001. The sound has been described on their website as
"a hip heavy Hammond hybrid of pop, 6T's R'n'B / Latin soul and funk."
It is a very upbeat album and has the distinction of being a mostly instrumental, the only vocals being on the songs Humanize, Big Boss Man, Money and Sell Your Soul. The lyrics that are on the album are short; Big Bos Man, and Sell Your Soul are the only two songs which follow a standard structure of verse/chorus etc., whereas the other two merely have a phrase repeated throughout the song.
In December 2001, the magazine Later released a compilation CD entitled "The later lounge 2", featuring the band's debut single "Sea Groove".
In 2006 'Party 7' was featured in one of a number of advertisements for Nike's FIFA 2006 World Cup advertisement campaign. The advertisement was entitled 'Henry' and featured Thierry Henry and Eric Cantona. Coincidentally, the UK BBC coverage of the 2006 FIFA World Cup Final featured 'Party 7'. Blow Up records reissued the 'Humanize' album in 2006, with stickers on the sleeve with reference to the ad.
In 2002, after the release of Humanize, the band decided to tour Europe to promote it. The dates included 3 weeks in Spain, 2 weeks in Germany, then travelling to Moscow (Russia), Venice (Italy) and finishing up with 2 weeks in France including the Le Rock Dans Tousses Etats festival in Evreux where they played to 10,000 people.
Big Boss Man returned from Europe and continued to tour around England and Scotland. They were also asked to rework and remix tracks for Japanese sensation Mansfield for his Golden Hour album, and reworked Ingfried Hoffmann's 60's/70's Euro-cult TV theme Robbi, Tobbi und das Fliewatüüt for an EP released on Germany's Diggler Records.
2003.
Big Boss Man returned to Europe and headlined nights at the Aucard de Tours festival and Cosmic Trip festival. They then had a two-week tour of Spain, took in headline cult festival slots and club gigs, and ended the tour on a high note with a sell-out show at Madrid's Sala Caracol venue.
2004.
Paul Weller released a single called "The Bottle", which Big Boss Man dutifully remixed. Weller's single went straight in to the UK top 20. Two special limited edition versions of this single (vocal and instrumental) were released and it fast became a collectors item.
Later the same year, Coca-Cola France requested the band's permission to use their second single "Big Boss Man" for promotional use. As quoted on their official website:
"Access denied!"
In May the band flew to France to play Cosmic Groove parties in Paris and Montpellier and in July, they touched down in Italy to play Festival Beat. Nasser Bouzida then toured Spain with a live revue of his spin-off solo album "The Bongolian" and was asked to guest with such luminaries as Woodstock's Country Joe and the Fish and 60's British mod soul band The Action.
Winner.
Big Boss Man released their second album, Winner, in April 2005. The album had a subtly different feel to the first record, due to its more apparent Latin feel, although the base elements of funk, jazz and soul are all still there, as are the cool sounds of the Hammond organ.No singles were released from the album. However, Kelvin Stardust, the first track of the Winner album, was included on the 'Soulshaker Volume 2' compilation album released by Blow Up Records in July of that year.
To further differentiate from Humanize, the album featured more vocals (although still mostly instrumental) with four songs (Fall In Fall Out, Complicated Lady, Reach Out and Got It So Bad) now sporting full lyrics. Winner also features some French vocals in the song Tu as Gache Mon Talent Ma Cherie - in true Big Boss Man style, the only lyrics are those in the title of the song. This French number was written possibly due to their large fan base in France, where Winner garnered wide radio play.
To promote Winner, Big Boss Man embarked on a 12 date tour of France in the spring. They also returned to Spain for a 16 date Autumn tour, including a second national TV appearance on the Spanish television show "Radio 3". Possibly related to this, at the end of the song Jackson 16, there appears to be a clip from either a Spanish radio or TV show.
Club favourite The Hawk, the 11th track from Winner, was included on “Come On Soul” an international compilation of vintage and contemporary dance floor tracks released by the Legre record label in Hamburg in 2008.
3rd album.
Full English Beat Breakfast, released in September, is by far the band's most ambitious project yet, using more synthesisers than previous. Trevor Harding is still writing good songs as proved with C'est Moi and the very talented drumming makes this a great album.
Discography.
Albums.
2001 Humanize
2005 Winner
2009 Full English Beat Breakfast
Singles.
2000 Sea Groove
2001 Big Boss Man
2002 Sell Your Soul

</doc>
<doc id="20328182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328182" title="Stories I Could Tell">
Stories I Could Tell

Stories I Could Tell is the only album by American country music singer Shane Stockton. It was released in June 1998 by Decca Records. The album includes the singles "What If I'm Right" and "Gonna Have to Fall".
Critical reception.
Jon Weisberger of "Country Standard Time" thought that Stockton had a "strong" voice, but said "Too many solid melodies and arrangements are betrayed by awkward, uninspired lyrics." Jana Pendragon of Allmusic rated it three stars out of five, praising the singles but criticizing the label for not allowing Stockton to develop as an artist.
Track listing.
All songs written by Shane Stockton; "I Didn't Know" co-written by Dave Stephenson and Mark Wright.

</doc>
<doc id="20328197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328197" title="Pallikkara">
Pallikkara

Pallikkara is a village near Payyoli, in the Kozhikode district of Kerala, India.
Demographics.
pallikkara is located between Vatakara and Koyilandy ; 3 km from Payyoli.

</doc>
<doc id="20328199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328199" title="Navilatirtha">
Navilatirtha

Navilatirtha (also written Navilateertha, Naviltirth) it a well-known picnic spot, in Belgaum District, Karnataka, near Saundatti, on the Renuka sagara (Renuka lake), which is on the Malaprabha river.
At Saundatti there is the famous Renuka (Yallamma) temple at Yallammagudda.
Mahatapasvi Shri Kumarswamiji.
Navilatirtha is said to be where Gurudeva Mahatapasvi Shri Kumarswamiji meditated in 1932.
Kundalini was awakened as the result of worship of the Devi, Mahatapasvi Shri Kumarswamiji, at the age of 18. He had remarkable spiritual experiences. Another significant stage in his spiritual development was the 'attainment of the siddhi of levitation during his yogic practices at Navilateertha on the banks of Malaprabha River, he attained oneness with ruler of Time and Space.

</doc>
<doc id="20328200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20328200" title="Jack Wilcox">
Jack Wilcox

John Mitchell "Jack" Wilcox (2 January 1886 – August 1940) was an English professional footballer who played as an outside right for various clubs in the years preceding the First World War.
Football career.
Wicox was born in Stourbridge, Worcestershire and joined Aston Villa, initially as an amateur, in March 1906 before signing as a professional in November 1907. He only played six games in the Football League for Aston Villa, before joining Birmingham in a part-exchange deal involving George Travers in November 1908. 
He was a winger who enjoyed beating opposing defenders, and was a creator of chances for others rather than a goalscorer. He played 48 games for Birmingham in all competitions before moving on to Southampton in May 1911. 
Southampton's newly appointed manager, George Swift, spent a total of £820 on transfers, recruiting eleven new players during May and June 1911. Wilcox was one of the few of these signings who did himself justice in the new season, which ended in a 16th place finish in the Southern League resulting in Swift's resignation. Playing at outside-right, Wilcox possessed speed and was able to deliver a variety of crosses, and also had the ability to "manoeuvre astutely" to beat the opposing full-back. He scored four goals in his first eleven games, but his form dipped towards the latter part of the season and, in March 1912, he lost his place to Sid Kimpton.
After the end of his one season at The Dell he dropped into non-league football with Wellington Town. 
He died in Lichfield, Warwickshire, aged 54.

</doc>
