<doc id="20223861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20223861" title="Gilda de Abreu">
Gilda de Abreu

Gilda de Abreu was born in Paris on September 23, 1904 and died in Rio de Janeiro on June 4, 1979. She was a director, actress, singer, writer and radio presenter in Brazil. She was married to Vicente Celestino until his death in 1968.
Gilda first started appearing in theater productions in 1933, when she starred in the romantic comedy "Bonequinha de Seda" ("Jennifer of silk") produced by Ademar Gonzaga.
She was one of the first women to direct films in Brazil, she first became successful with "O Ébrio" ("The boozy") in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="20223894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20223894" title="Dajç, Lezhë">
Dajç, Lezhë

Dajç is a municipality in the Lezhë District, Lezhë County, northwestern Albania. Dajç is located in the midspan between the city of Lezhë to the south and Shkodër to the north, from each. It has an agricultural-based economy, with many producing fields, but in need of better mechanics and organized market. Dajç has all important institutions for a small commune like: Schools from kindergarten to High level, Municipality buildings, Health Center with an onsite family doctor- full time 5 days a week, Catholic Church and Sisters Residence, lots of shops and cafeteria. Population is about 7000, for the whole Commune. The Town of Dajç comprises several quarters such as: Gazullore, Milot, Mazrekë, Zeznjane, Laskare, Suka, and peripherals.
History.
People of this region are called Zadrimorë, from its field name 'Zadrima' stretching from Shkodër to Lezhë cities. This region has a very reach cultural tradition. It has withstood the 500 years of Ottoman invasion, saving its Christian religion of Catholicism; area is all of this religion, (thought to be established directly by St Paul in the 1st century, while he passed through Albanian lands).
On October 7 is the town's holiday of the St’ Rosary, celebrated vigorously with lots of visits, church mass, prayers, and lots of activities. Zadrimë is well known for its very good products of dairy farms, cheese, yogurt, milks and butter.
Economy.
Livelihoods of the people are mainly field work, growing crops including grain and vegetables, foraging, arboriculture (figs, plums, and pears), and some vineyards. With the new main highway, SH1 / E762 running by the village South-North from Tirana to Montenegro border, the trade and economical development is expected to thrive in the coming years.
There are many new houses being built everyday, and the face of the town in changing continuously.
Politics and Administration.
Dajç is the municipally center for seven other villages like: Mabë, Dragushë, Kotërr, Kodhel, Gjadër, Zojz, and Gramsh. The neighboring municipalities are; Blinisht – LE, Balldre-LE, Barbullush-SH, Bushat-SH, Stajkë-SH, Hajmel-SH, Nenshat-SH. Dajç’s Commune is in the border with the Shkodër County.
The actual 2009 Commune Mayer is Rrok Lini, (from the Demo-Christian Party). Previous mayors were: Ndrekë Gazulli 1992-1996, Mikel Miloti 1996- 2003.
Nature.
In the middle of town passes the Gjadër river, collecting irrigation waters and other water sources. Dajç's main housing is located on the hills facing North-East. The hills elevation is up to above sea level.
The geographical coordinates are 42°55’ N, and 19°36’ E. Approximate town area is .
On the past field were run and covered by rain flooding; now it is believed that the drainage system of these fields is pretty functional.
The average temperature in summer is 30-37 degrees Celsius and 0-10 in winter. Average solar days are 292 annually.

</doc>
<doc id="20223910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20223910" title="The Ray D'Arcy Show">
The Ray D'Arcy Show

"The Ray D'Arcy Show" is Today FM's weekday mid-morning radio show presented by Ray D'Arcy. It is on air from 09:00–12:00 midday, competing with RTÉ 2fm's Ryan Tubridy, RTÉ Radio 1's Pat Kenny and Newstalk's Tom Dunne (a former colleague of D'Arcy's who sometimes filled in for him on "The D'Arcy Show").
The production team of Jenny Kelly, Will Hanafin and Mairead Farrell and researcher Siobhan Hogan feature prominently on the show, with Kelly known for her weekly "Fix-it Friday" slot and Farrell for her daily "Odd-One-Out Quiz". Other contributors to "The Ray D'Arcy Show" have included Maeve Higgins, Quentin Fottrell, Conor Pope, Pixie McKenna and Arthur Murphy. In addition it supports various causes such as road safety and the Irish Cancer Society.
In 2008, "The D'Arcy Show" had 245,000 listeners, a reduction of 9,000 from the previous year. However, he has been stealing listeners from "Tubridy" since the untimely death of Gerry Ryan in 2010, and in February 2011 he dislodged Ryan Tubridy as Ireland's "King of the Mid-Morning Airwaves". JNLR figures in early 2011 put him at 3,000 more listeners than RTÉ, a first for a Today FM show.
D'Arcy has won "Best National DJ" Meteor Awards in three consecutive years for this show.
History.
In the late 1990s, D'Arcy transferred to Today FM. There he took over the mid-morning show from Tim Kelly which went out from 10:00 to 12:45. This slot was later changed to 9:00 to 12:00, entering direct competition with RTÉ 2fm's "The Gerry Ryan Show". "The Ray D'Arcy Show" is responsible for launching the professional career of the comedienne Maeve Higgins, who auditioned for a nationwide competition organised by the show in February 2004.
The show embarked on a Discover Ireland Feel Good tour of the country in early 2009.
Sharon Corr and Joe Echo performed a duet of "Fairytale of New York" on the show in December 2009.
Mairead Farrell has said she will never leave the show.
Regular features.
"The D'Arcy Show" has achieved something of a cult status due to some of its quirky segments.
Emailbag.
A reference to Arthur Murphy's "Mailbag", Murphy reads out emails from the listeners on a weekly basis.
Fix-it Friday.
One of the most popular features of "The D'Arcy Show" is "Fix-it Friday", which, as is evident by its name, takes place each Friday. It involves D'Arcy and his assistant Jenny Kelly's attempts to find the solution to any question the listenership request of them.
Odd-One-Out Quiz.
Another popular segment is the "Odd-One-Out Quiz" which takes place on the half hour of every hour every day the show is on air, i.e. three times per day and fifteen times per week. This involves D'Arcy asking a phone-in contestant a series of questions over thirty seconds, each involving three items, one of which is the odd one out. A regular example would be two consonants and a vowel. The fast-paced delivery is usually enough to unhinge the contestant although D'Arcy is usually generous in his delivery and will often repeat questions after the allotted time has run out. Contestants are requested to enter if they fit a specific and topical theme which changes daily, i.e. owning an interesting pet, being members of the hairless population, or shoppers who have had an accident in the supermarket.
What Would Maeve Do....
The comedian Maeve Higgins contributes to he show on a regular basis. Each Tuesday Higgins answers questions and dilemmas sent in by the listeners in her own unique way.
No Agony! No Aunt!
Quentin Fottrell advises listeners about personal relationships on Wednesdays at 10.40am.
Annual events.
Even Better Than....
Each year the show releases a charity album containing covers performed by Irish musicians on the show. The most recent was titled "Even Better Than the Disco Thing" and was released in December 2008. The name is derived from the U2 song, Even Better Than the Real Thing, and the early compilations were named thus.
Shave Or Dye.
D'Arcy has played a major role in Today FM's Shave Or Dye Campaign. "The Ray D'Arcy Show" features in the Guinness Book of Records after it broke the world record for most heads shaved in an hour by a team of 10 barbers, total heads shaved 315. 
Past guests.
Past guests have included Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly, Colin Farrell and Brendan Gleeson, Myleene Klass, Dylan Moran and Mark Doherty, Trinny and Susannah, Dermot O'Leary, Anne Doyle and Miriam O'Callaghan,
Notable incidents.
"The D'Arcy Show" has also seen many unusual innovations. For instance D'Arcy and his production team, Jenny Kelly, Mairéad Farrell and Will Hanafin once performed a spoof version of the OK Go hit "Here It Goes Again" in D'Arcy's back garden in frozen conditions. In 2008 D'Arcy stripped naked to participate in an Irish Spencer Tunick art project and later spoke of it on his show. Later, live on his radio show, he criticised Orla McAdam of "The Apprentice", a former follower of D'Arcy in his days with children's television, and upset her.
In 2007, the show featured a petition for Amhrán na bhFiann to be sung after Ireland's Call in the 2007 Rugby World Cup.
Huberta's shopping.
On the week of 24–28 November 2008 a Dublin caller named Huberta explained she had located someone else's shopping in the boot of her car. It includes some meat (which she has since refrigerated), some bottles of wine and some Mexican sauce. D'Arcy spent the week following her attempts to track down the mystery owner, with dramatic daily updates that involved the scanning of Tesco customer records and the hiring of a private detective. The mystery is still ongoing.
Chris Tarrant interview.
In February 2009, D'Arcy interviewed the British game show host Chris Tarrant of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" via a phoneline, in an incident which later gained media attention. Overhearing the show's team criticising the England national rugby union team beforehand, Tarrant opened the interview by saying: "There's something very depressing about sitting here listening to you talk about how rubbish the English team is." Tarrant was then asked what he thought of the multiple Academy Award-winning film "Slumdog Millionaire" which mimics his game show. Tarrant responded by saying: "I can't relate to it. He's a sleazy host with an earring. The game show is the cornerstone to my life and I just can't relate to the movie." Tarrant then attempted to promote his new show "The Colour of Money". D'Arcy asked him to explain the format of the show, saying: "The key to a good format is you can explain it in one or two sentences. Like "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" is, in effect, 'you answer 15 questions and you win a million'. That's it. So, with "The Colour of Money" can you do that?" Tarrant replied with: ""The Colour of Money". . . . .there are 20 cash machines, all with different amounts in them ranging up to a total of more than £25,000. You choose 10 colours and they have different amounts in them. If all 10 add up to the total of money you want, then you win. If the money is not enough, then you lose out and there's no in between. It's either £80,000 or £90,000 or whatever, or you go home with el zippo." D'Arcy responded to this failure to keep to his limits by laughing and saying: "That "is" a real test of the format!"
Brian Cowen naked paintings.
On the weekend of 21–22 March 2009, an unknown person placed satirical portraits of a naked Taoiseach Brian Cowen in the National Gallery of Ireland and the gallery of the Royal Hibernian Academy. The artist, Conor Casby, emailed the Ray Darcy Show anonymously, claiming responsibility for the creation of the paintings, but not their hanging. Gardaí subsequently raided the Today FM studios and the producer, Will Hanafin, was asked to hand over the emails claiming that the placing of the paintings constituted indecency, incitement and criminal damage. Hanafin refused to provide the emails without a warrant.
Ryan Tubridy/Gordon Ramsay.
An interview conducted with British chef Gordon Ramsay by Ryan Tubridy on "The Late Late Show" led to comment in the Irish media when Ramsay engaged in personal criticism of Tubridy over his appearance. Ramsay compared Tubridy's ears to Dumbo, saying: "Look at those things, you must take off coming down the stairs. I'm surprised you can get through the door". The chef also spoke of his desire to bring Tubridy to one of his restaurants, commenting "You look like you haven't eaten in years. You're too thin. You're like a little windy piece of asparagus". The "Evening Herald" said Tubridy had been "ridiculed and humiliated [...] in front of a squirming television audience". A spokesperson for Tubridy said he understood the comments as a joke. Whilst appearing on "The Ray D'Arcy Show" to promote "The Late Late Toy Show" some weeks later, Tubridy responded to the incident: "I thought he was a bit, em, British for my liking. I won’t be buying the books was promoting. In fact, I didn't take the free one".
Russell Brand controversy.
In 2008 Russell Brand, alongside his co-host Matt Morgan alleged that Ray D'Arcy had stolen items, guests and jokes from The Russell Brand Show. Appearing on the show as a guest, Darcy disputed this although noted that fans of both shows noticed similarities.
"The mother of all radio battles".
After musician Jim Corr appeared on the first episode of "The Saturday Night Show" in 2010 D'Arcy said it was "irresponsible" for Corr to have discussed his views on the 2009 flu pandemic. Corr rang the radio show and the two engaged in what the "Dundalk Democrat"s Gary McLaughlin described as "the mother of all radio battles", with D'Arcy at one point saying "I think we need to get down to this level with you" over the possibility of the government purposefully providing dangerous vaccines and Corr saying D'Arcy was "very patronising" and urging him, "Just be careful not to misquote me in the future".
Nuala Doyle e-mail.
In 2011 D'Arcy wept on air while reading an email from Nuala Doyle, whose son Carl developed luekaemia and died aged 16.
8 April 2011.
Jenny's father, Michael, died in his sleep on 8 April 2011. Jenny learned of the death from Today FM chief executive Willie O'Reilly while on air. "The Ray D'Arcy Show" was taken off the air abruptly as a result, prompting thousands of texts and calls from worried listeners. Ray and Jenny were scheduled to lead 800 people on a run in Ringsend as part of the Run With Ray campaign, but athlete Sonia O'Sullivan replaced them when tragedy struck. Today FM breakfast show host Ian Dempsey took over the airwaves immediately.
Paul Galvin interview.
On 6 December 2011, Paul Galvin spoke of his controversial encounter with mimic Oliver Callan during an interview on the show. He also revealed he was dating Today FM presenter Louise Duffy.
Special shows.
"The Den" radio reunion.
On 14 November 2008, a special edition of "The Ray D'Arcy Show" was broadcast live from Vicar Street, Dublin. It reflected on the formative years of "The Den" (formerly presented by D'Arcy who himself succeeded Today FM breakfast host, Ian Dempsey) from 1986-1994 in front of a live audience who shared their memories. Listeners were also invited to contribute, after which D'Arcy would dip into his O'Byrne's World of Wonder sack which contained toy prizes. The show was even video-streamed live online. D'Arcy was not the only original member of the team present; Zig and Zag featured heavily as they were promoting their new DVD "Best Bitz From Back Den", Don Conroy put in an appearance to instruct D'Arcy how to draw a Barn Owl, Ian Dempsey turned up later (he had been presenting his breakfast show from the Today FM studios directly beforehand), a 4 ft Ted attacked D'Arcy at 10:10 as Zig and Zag cheered him on with the audience, and, to Zig and Zag's disgust, Dustin made a cameo appearance toward the end.
The show opened with D'Arcy counting down the Top 5 Theme Tunes from programmes broadcast on "The Den". He revealed that #3 ("The Littlest Hobo") was purchased by RTÉ in Cannes as part of a buy-one-get-one-free deal and was given to "The Den" to broadcast - such deals were typical of "The Den"'s budget.
There were reminders of Don Conroy's special hugs, D'Arcy's walking upon invisible stairs and "Ray's Rave" where children sent their parents from the room, turned off the lights, pulled the curtains and raved. A repeat of this was carried out at 11:45. There were catch-ups with old members of the team such as Ciara Carroll, who is now a PA for Dublin Airport.
D'Arcy played music from these years throughout the show, beginning with Europe's "The Final Countdown" from 1986. There were also live performances from Irish musicians, accompanied by Ronan Johnson and the Boogie Woogie Band, who had appeared on "The Den". Steve and Joe Wall performed "Brewing Up a Storm" from their years with The Stunning (they claimed beforehand to have been high on magic mushrooms on "The Den") Cadbury's gorilla, Johnny Donnelly from The Saw Doctors appeared to remind of their ten-plus appearances and invited D'Arcy to run the Dublin Marathon). Liam Ó Maonlaí performed "Don't Go", whilst Jerry Fish performed "Celebrate" to close the show.
Awards.
In 2005, 2006 and 2007 Ray won the Best Irish Radio DJ award at the Meteor Music Awards, cementing his position as one of Ireland's most popular radio presenters. D'Arcy always maintains that this should be seen as a group award, and that credit should be shared with Jenny Kelly, Mairead Farrell and producer Will Hanafin, who also contributes to presenting the show. Despite this, it was only ever awarded to himself so he can claim the credit here. In 2008 D'Arcy was beaten by his namesake Ray Foley who launched a daily campaign to dethrone him.
In 2006 "The Ray D'Arcy Show" won the Community/Social Action award at the PPI Irish Radio Awards for their work in highlighting road safety problems and deaths on the roads in Ireland. This was due in part, to their "Don't be a Fucking Eejit" radio adverts, which contained real-life stories.
In 2007 "The Ray D'Arcy Show" won the Best Light Entertainment Programme award at the PPI Irish Radio Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20223911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20223911" title="Dajç">
Dajç

Dajç may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20223926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20223926" title="Darío Caballero">
Darío Caballero

Darío Rául Caballero (born 1 January 1977) is a retired Paraguayan football defender.
Throughout his career, Caballero spent most of his years playing for Paraguayan teams such as Cerro Porteño, Libertad and Olimpia, but also played for teams in Argentina, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="20223933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20223933" title="Power Company (album)">
Power Company (album)

Power Company is an album by the Eric Burdon Band released in 1983. It features recordings from the Comeback project. It also features live recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="20223939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20223939" title="31 Tannery Project">
31 Tannery Project

The 31 Tannery Project, located in Branchburg, New Jersey, in the United States, serves as the corporate headquarters for Ferreira Construction, the Ferreira Group, and Noveda Technologies. The office and shop building was constructed in 2006 and is the 1st building in the state of New Jersey to meet New Jersey's Executive Order 54. The building is also the first Net Zero Electric Commercial Building in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20223948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20223948" title="Ungrej">
Ungrej

Ungrej is a municipality in the Lezhë District, Lezhë County, northwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20223949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20223949" title="2008 FIA WTCC Race of Brazil">
2008 FIA WTCC Race of Brazil

The 2008 FIA WTCC Race of Brazil was the opening round of the 2008 World Touring Car Championship season and the third running of the FIA WTCC Race of Brazil. It took place on 2 March at the Autodromo Internacional de Curitiba in Pinhais, Brazil.
Both races were won by SEAT Sport with Yvan Muller winning race one and Gabriele Tarquini winning race two.
Background.
Having run their diesel engine in three of their cars towards the end of 2007, SEAT Sport entered five cars powered by their TDI engine for 2008 as they looked to challenge BMW.
Report.
Testing and free practice.
Augusto Farfus was quickest in the Friday test session, Sergio Hernández in 14th was the best placed independent driver.
Fellow BMW driver Jörg Müller topped the first free practice session on Saturday morning which took place on a drying track.
SUNRED Engineering's Tom Coronel was quickest in the second practice session, just 0.002 seconds quicker than the BMW of Farfus.
Qualifying.
Yvan Muller led a SEAT front row with Rickard Rydell second. Farfus was third for BMW having had two of his fast laps interrupted, the first when the red flags came out for Chevrolet's Alain Menu who crashed at the final corner and the second time when he had to avoid a spinning Jörg Müller. Tarquini had the engine in his car changed prior to qualifying and ended the session fourth fastest while Nicola Larini was the best of the Chevrolets in fifth. His teammate Robert Huff was caught out by the red flag and started eighth for race one. Jordi Gené was ninth having suffered brake problems and Coronel behind him was the best–placed petrol–powered SEAT. Exagon Engineering's Pierre-Yves Corthals was the independents' pole sitter in 15th.
Menu escaped without injury from accident but was transferred to hospital shortly after for precautionary scans. He was later cleared to race having qualified 11th.
Warm-Up.
Farfus led a BMW 1–2–3 in the Sunday morning warm–up session, pole sitter Yvan Muller was ninth.
Race One.
Yvan Muller held first place at the start ahead of Rydell, Tarquini ran first in the early stages of the race before being passed by Farfus. Farfus was closing in second–placed Rydell but was unable to make a move having had to defend from teammate Jörg Müller on the last lap. Andy Priaulx had started 12th and climbed up the order to finish 5th, passing Tarquini and Gené in the final laps. Yvan Muller and Rydell successfully converted their front row starts into a SEAT 1–2, Coronel finished eighth to take pole position for race two. Corthals was the victor in the independents' trophy.
Gené and Corthals were both later given 30–second penalties after the race for driving infringements, Corthals' penalty handed victory in the independents' trophy to Olivier Tielemans. It was also discovered that the BMW of Farfus did not comply with the technical regulations and he was excluded from the race.
Race Two.
Coronel started on pole position, a bad start saw him drop well down the order. Porteiro assumed the lead which was then taken by Tarquini further around the first lap. On lap nine a charging Priaulx passed Félix Porteiro to take second place on lap nine and by the end of the race was on the tail of Tarquini. Tarquini finished first to take the second win of the weekend for SEAT, Priaulx was second and Porteiro third. Jörg Müller ended up fourth ahead of Yvan Muller after an intense battle between the pair. Coronel ended up outside the points in ninth. Tielemans was the independents' victor again.

</doc>
<doc id="20223975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20223975" title="DuPont Building">
DuPont Building

The DuPont Building, occupying the entire block bound by 10th, 11th, Orange and Market streets, was one of the first high-rises in Wilmington, Delaware. It looks out over Rodney Square. The building was built in phases, with the original building constructed in 1908 fronting Rodney Square. At the time, the building housed the offices of DuPont. In 1913 the building was expanded into a "U" by adding wings along 10th and 11th streets, the DuPont Playhouse was added, and a portion of the original 1908 section was converted into the Hotel duPont. The final addition to the building occurred in 1923 when the Orange Street addition was added along with an additional two floors (bringing the floor count to 13 and the height to 124').
Currently, the building still houses DuPont's headquarters, the DuPont Theatre (formerly the Playhouse), the Hotel duPont, a branch of M&T Bank, and a number of small shops and offices in the interior of the ground floor of the building.

</doc>
<doc id="20223980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20223980" title="Educo">
Educo

Educo is a Registered Irish Charity (17147 - ), (www.educo.com) set up three years ago by volunteers in Ireland, to collect funds and educate children out of poverty. The charity has managed to collect and distribute some €600,000 to date, and to buy, or start the building of, four schools in Mumbai and Kolkata, through a variety of charity balls, marathon sponsorships, and celebrity dinners, as well as direct sponsorship. A fundamental policy is that any administrative costs are met by the founders/organizers, so that 100% of all contributions go directly to schools in India.
Educo has provoked considerable interest in Ireland. There have been articles covering its activities in 'The Irish Tatler', as well as a slot on RTÉ's 'The Afternoon Show', and a (brief) mention in The Irish Times.
Educo Elders. A group of Educo supporters set up to help and support the main Educo effort. Educo Elders operates mainly as an ad-hoc fund-raising group, and focuses entirely on schools in the Mumbai area.
Basic principles.
Voluntarism.
All Educo's collaborators and supporters in Ireland are volunteers. In India, the school staff are salaried, but most of the collaborators are voluntary (there are some salaried staff, paid for by individual Irish sponsors).
100% of contributions go to target projects.
All money collected goes to target projects: no money is spent on administration. Educo's organizers pay their own travel and hotel expenses, and the administration in Ireland is provided either by individual collaborators or by sponsor firms. (Some supporters suggest that this is just splitting hairs - that even if an accountant or lawyer is paid for by a sponsor, it is still money spent on administration. However, the fact that individual supporters subscriptions goes 100% to some school in India has proved to have a powerful appeal for many contributors).
Multidenominational.
Funds are allocated to schools on a strictly multidenominational basis. For example, the teachers in the Sahar in Mumbai are mostly Hindu, as are the large majority of the pupils, followed by Muslims, with only a small percentage of Christian pupils.
Follow the money.
Many people cite as a disincentive for charitable giving their doubts as to whether the money really finds it way to those in need, and also whether it is spent wisely and effectively on the ground. Educo tries to ensure that there is clear accountability and a definite 'audit trail', and to monitor this by visiting individual schools as frequently as possible. All donated funds go directly to targeted projects.
English and computer skills.
As far as possible, Educo tries to ensure that all teaching in Educo-funded schools is in English, and that children have attained a reasonable level of Computer Skills by the time they leave (this latter 'principle' is still rather aspirational, but given time...).
India.
Project No 1
School no.1 (Jan 2008) was built to serve both poor and orphaned primary school children in Mumbai (Bombay). The school is based in Vesai, about an hour outside Mumbai metropolis. The school caters for 300 pupils. Once morning, afternoon and evening classes begin, there will be capacity to teach over 500 pupils. Classes are taught in "English Medium", as this facilitates the students getting better jobs later in life.
Those that can will pay a nominal 150 rupees a month. The local community donations help cover the running costs.
Project No 2 
School No. 2 (Feb 2008) was set up in central Kolkata (Calcutta) as an "Educentre" to teach vocational skills to teenage pupils. Many of the targeted pupils are streetchildren who, through poverty, did not receive an education. Traditionally many of these children got by with proceeds from the sex trade. What the Educentre aims to do is to teach them Life Skills e.g. cooking, waitressing, computer skills, photography, dressmaking and so forth, as well as basic education. In this way, these teenagers can become self-sufficient in a long-term sustainable way. 
Project No 3
School No. 3 (Dec 2008) in Sahar Village, Mumbai will be a purpose built school suitable for primary and secondary school pupils. Teaching will be provided by the Handmaids Of the Blessed Trinity, but will be multidenominational, allowing the large Hindu and Muslim minorities to integrate best with the local Christian majority, as well as the smaller numbers of Buddhist and Jain followers.
Project No 4
School No. 4 (Jan 2009) Address: Abhyudaya Nagar Secondary School, Saibaba Path in 'F' south
ward of Mumbai Municipal Corporation Educo is taking over this dilapidated school in southern central Mumbai. The school is a 6 storey building, with capacity for 66 classrooms. However, due to previous lack of funding, it had fallen into almost complete disrepair. Educo aims to renovate this school in 2009 - re doing the plasterwork and paintwork. We will then aim to improve the classroom facilities, adding computers, broadband and introducing English medium teaching. Ultimately, when this project is fully rolled out over the coming 2 years, over 3,000 children will receive an education here.
Age: These will be taught to children from nursery infants up to the mid teens – approx. ages 2 to 15.
Student cost: The students will pay a token 150 rupees per month (€3) towards the cost of maintaining the school and the 20 teachers. The school is targeting those pupils who cannot get into the dramatically overcrowded state school system, but who cannot afford the excellent but often very expensive religious schools. 
Timeframe: This school opens in January 2008.
Budget: This is being finalised, in line with contractors' tenders.
Project No. 5 Books for Children
Kerala province in the South of India already has a good educational system, with relatively easy access to schooling. Rather than attempting to provide schooling Educo has put in place a simpler, cheaper way of encouraging children to read and learn for themselves. 
Educo is getting reading books (in English and in Malayalam) published and distributed to 419 orphanages around Kerala. Each orphanage will have a small library/portable bookcase of books. These books will provide useful and enjoyable reading material for over 41,000(!) children from 6-16.

</doc>
<doc id="20223997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20223997" title="Shazz">
Shazz

Shazz, (born Didier Delesalle, 1967) is a French record producer and remixer.
Shazz is the short word for Soul house and Jazz.
Shazz was born in Dunkirk, France in 1967. He is one of the first artists signed to the label Fnac Music Dance Division. He collaborated with Ludovic Navarre (Saint Germain) under the name L'n'S, and with Laurent Garnier under the name "Choice"
He has also produced music in this musical genre and has been releasing records for French musical labels since 1992. His "El Camino part 1" was used in the 1998 film "Homeboys at the Beach".
In the late 1990s, Shazz signed with a major label Columbia. With his second album "In The Light" (Epic Records), composed in the space of one year, Shazz combined house, pop and African-American music. His third album "Beautiful" was more song-based.

</doc>
<doc id="20224007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224007" title="Jacob Rosenthal">
Jacob Rosenthal

Jacob Carl Rosenthal (12 October 1881, Białystok – 23 October 1954, New York) was an American chess master.
Born in Białystok, Poland (then Russian Empire), he became a citizen of the Netherlands. Finally, he emigrated to the United States. He lived and participated in several local chess matches in New York City (Manhattan CC vs. Franklin CC in 1909, 1910, 1911, 1912, and twice Rice CC vs. Brooklyn CC in 1909). He also played in a cable match New York vs. Buenos Aires in 1922.
In tournaments, he won at Manhattan CC championship 1911, won New York State-ch in 1912, took 6th at New York 1916 (Rice Memorial, preliminary, José Raúl Capablanca won), took 3rd, behind Charles Jaffe and Boris Kostić, at New York 1918 (rapid tournament), and took 3rd at New York 1921 (Morris Schapiro won).

</doc>
<doc id="20224043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224043" title="The Frog Princess (novel)">
The Frog Princess (novel)

The Frog Princess is a children's novel by E. D. Baker, first published in 2002. The 2009 Disney film, "The Princess and the Frog", is loosely based on this novel.
Plot summary.
Emeralda (a.k.a. Emma) is the only princess in Greater Greensward. But she is clumsy with everything, including the magic touch she inherited from the first Green Witch centuries back. One of her most distinct traits is her unique laugh, which sounds like a donkey's bray. When her mother says she has to marry the stuck-up Prince Jorge from East Aradia, her worst enemy, she runs off to the swamp where she meets Prince Eadric of Upper Montevista. The only problem is that he has been turned into a frog by the witch Mudine. Emma kisses him, trying to reverse the spell; instead, she turns into a frog herself. 
Emma and Eadric set off to find the witch that turned him into a frog and ask her to change them back. With what little magic Emma has learned from her Aunt Grassina, the current Green Witch, Emma tries to save Eadric and herself. On the journey they find out that the witch that changed Eadric has disappeared, so they go to Grassina for help. She tells them that they have to do several tasks in order to return to their normal state. While completing the tasks, Emma falls deeply in love with Eadric. When they once again assume their proper human shape, Eadric proposes to Emma.
Reception and reviews.
Diane Roback was mixed in her review for "Publishers Weekly" saying that "the tale occasionally offers peppy dialogue and some comical scenes--particularly as the newly transformed Emeralda adjusts to catching flies ("My eye-tongue coordination wasn't very good," she admits). Unfortunately, the plot doesn't make much of the magical elements (for example, the characters' encounters with a dragon and a nymph seem inconsequential), resulting in a disappointingly flat fantasy."
Todd Morning was positive in his review for "Booklist" saying "the ending in this fairy tale–twisting first novel is rather like a Shakespearean comedy, with lots of disguises revealed. Unlike some takeoffs that revolve around one joke, this manages to be entertaining throughout, helped along by Emeralda’s amusing first person narration and the many witty lines." 
Nancy Menaldi-Scanlon in her review for "School Library Journal" thought that the vocabulary did not match the book's intended audience saying "The tale moves at a good pace, and, though the happy ending is predictable, the trials and tribulations that precede it are interesting. However, it's difficult to determine the book's audience. While the story would appeal to primary to intermediate grade girls, the vocabulary is rather sophisticated and seems to be more suited to young adults."
Sequels.
E.D. Baker followed "The Frog Princess" with more books in the series chronicling Emma and Eadric's adventures: "Dragon's Breath" (2005), "Once Upon a Curse" (2006), and "No Place for Magic" (2008), as well as a prequel, "The Salamander Spell" (2008).
There is also an epilogue series of the books about Emma and Eadrics' daughter, Millie. The titles for that series are "The Dragon Princess", "Dragon Kiss" and the most recent, "A Prince Among Frogs."

</doc>
<doc id="20224056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224056" title="Skew arch">
Skew arch

A skew arch (also known as an oblique arch) is a method of construction that enables an arch bridge to span an obstacle at some angle other than a right angle. This results in the faces of the arch not being perpendicular to its abutments and its plan view being a parallelogram, rather than the rectangle that is the plan view of a regular, or "square" arch. In the case of a masonry skew arch the construction requires precise stonecutting as none of the cuts form right angles but once the principles were fully understood in the early 19th century it became considerably easier and cheaper to build a skew arch of brick. The problem of building skew arch masonry bridges was addressed by a number of early civil engineers and mathematicians, including William Chapman (1787), Benjamin Outram (1798), Peter Nicholson (1828), George Stephenson (1830), Edward Sang (1835), Charles Fox (1836), George W. Buck (1839) and William Froude ("c." 1844).
History.
Benjamin Outram and Store Street Aqueduct.
Skew bridges are not a recent invention, having been built on exceptional occasions since Roman times, but they were little understood and rarely used before the advent of the railway.
One notable exception is an aqueduct, designed by British engineer Benjamin Outram, constructed in masonry and completed in 1798, which still carries the Ashton Canal at an angle of 45° over Store Street in Manchester. Outram's design is believed to be based on work done on the Kildare Canal in Ireland in 1787, in which William Chapman introduced the segmental oblique arch to the design of Finlay Bridge at Naas, employing an arch barrel based on a circular segment that is smaller than a semicircle and which was repeated by Thomas Storey in 1830 in the bridge carrying the Haggerleases branch of the Stockton and Darlington Railway over the River Gaunless near Cockfield, County Durham with a skew angle of 63° and a skew span of , resulting in a clear span of and a rise of .
The common method they all used was to clad the timber centring (also known as falsework) with planks, known as "laggings", laid parallel with the abutments and carefully planed and levelled to approximate closely the required curve of the intrados of the arch. The positions of the courses in the vicinity of the crown were first marked out at right angles to the faces using long wooden straight-edges, then the remaining courses were marked out in parallel. The masons then laid the stones, cutting them to shape as required.
Contemporary designs by rival engineers were less successful and for a time skew bridges were considered weak in comparison with the regular, or "square" arch bridge and so were avoided if at all possible,
the alternatives being to construct the road or canal with a double bend, so as to allow it to cross the obstacle at right angles, or to build a regular arch bridge with the extra width or span necessary to clear the obstacle "on the square".
An example of the latter type of construction is Denbigh Hall Bridge, built in 1837 to carry the London and Birmingham Railway across Watling Street at an acute angle of only 25°.
Now a Grade II listed structure, the bridge is still in use today, carrying the busy West Coast Main Line. It was constructed in the form of a long gallery, some long and wide, consisting of iron girders resting on walls built parallel with the road; the girders, and consequently the faces of the bridge, being perpendicular to the roadway and the railway line being laid out obliquely across the top, the need to build a highly skewed bridge of span was therefore avoided.
The eminent canal engineer James Brindley never succeeding in working out a solution to the problem of constructing a strong skew arch and as a consequence all his overbridges were built at right angles to the waterway, with double bends in the roadway, where necessary, and to this day many of them cause inconvenience to their users. However, it was the coming of the railway, with its need to cross existing obstacles, such as rivers, roads, canals and other railways, in as straight a line as possible, that rekindled the civil engineer's interest in the skew arch bridge.
The false skew arch.
The strength of a regular arch (also known as a "square" or "right" arch) comes from the fact that the mass of the structure and its superincumbent load cause lines of force that are carried by the stones into the ground and the abutments without producing any tendency for the stones to slide with respect to one another. This is due to the fact that the courses of stone are laid parallel to the abutments, which in a regular arch causes them also to lie perpendicular to its faces. For only slightly oblique bridges, where the skew angle is less than approximately 15° it is possible to use the same construction method, laying the stones in courses parallel to the abutments. The result is known as a "false" skew arch and analysis of the forces within it shows that in each corner where the face forms an acute angle with an abutment there are resultant forces that are not perpendicular to the planes of the stone courses whose tendency is to push the stones out of the face, the only resistance to this being provided by friction and the adhesion of the mortar between the stones.
An example of such a false skew arch is the Colorado Street Bridge in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
Prior to starting work on Store Street Aqueduct, Outram built a number of false skew arches, one of them with a skew angle as great as 19°, as accommodation bridges across the Huddersfield Narrow Canal. The fact that these inherently weak structures are still standing today is attributed to their light loading.
A more rigorous approach.
When considering the balance of forces within a regular arch, in which all courses of masonry that make up the barrel are parallel with its abutments and perpendicular to its faces, it is convenient to consider it as a two-dimensional object by taking a vertical section through the body of the arch and parallel with its faces, thereby ignoring any variation in loading along the length of its barrel. In an oblique or skew arch the axis of the barrel is deliberately not perpendicular to the faces, the deviation from perpendicularity being known as the skew angle or the "obliquity" of the arch.
For this reason a skew arch needs to be thought of as a three-dimensional object and by considering the direction of the lines of force within the barrel the optimum orientation for the courses of stonework that make the barrel can be decided.
The helicoidal skew arch.
A characteristic of the regular arch is that the courses of stones run parallel to the abutments and perpendicular to the faces. In an oblique arch these two conditions can not both be met because the faces and the abutments are deliberately not perpendicular. Since skew angles greater than about 15° are required for many applications mathematicians and engineers, such as Chapman, abandoned the idea of laying the courses of stones parallel to the abutments and considered the alternative of laying the courses perpendicular to the faces of the arch, and accepting the fact that they would then no longer run parallel to the abutments. Though Outram's Store Street Aqueduct was constructed with this principle in mind it was done so empirically, with the masons cutting each voussoir stone as it was required, and it was not until 1828 that details of the technique were published in a form that was useful to other engineers and stonemasons.
Peter Nicholson's helicoidal method in stone.
In his book "A Popular and Practical Treatise on Masonry and Stone-cutting" (1828), Scottish architect, mathematician, cabinet-maker and engineer Peter Nicholson first set out in clear and understandable terms a workable method for determining the shape and position of the stones required for the construction of a strong skew arch that enabled them to be prepared in advance of the actual construction process.
Nicholson approached the problem by constructing a development of the intrados of the arch from the plan and elevation drawings, effectively unrolling and flattening the surface, then drawing the courses perpendicular to the faces, adding the header joints perpendicular to the courses, then finally rolling up the development diagram by projecting the detail of the intrados back onto the plan and elevation drawings, a technique also used by others who would later offer alternative solutions to the problem. This method resulted in the courses of stone voussoirs making up the barrel of the skew arch following parallel helical paths between the abutments, giving the view along the barrel an attractive rifled appearance. Although these courses meet the arch faces at right angles at the crown of the arch, the nearer they are to the springing line the greater their deviation from perpendicularity. Thus Nicholson's method is not the perfect solution, but it is a workable one that has one great advantage over more purist alternatives, namely that since the helical courses run parallel to each other, all the voussoir stones can be cut to the same pattern, the only exceptions being the ring stones, or quoins, where the barrel meets the faces of the arch, each of which is unique but has an identical copy in the other face.
Nicholson never pretended to have invented the skew arch but in his later work "The Guide to Railway Masonry, containing a Complete Treatise on the Oblique Arch" (1839), he does claim to have invented the method for producing the templates that enabled the accurate cutting of the voussoir stones used in all skew bridges built between the years 1828 and 1836, citing testimonials from the builders of major works, such as the Croft Viaduct at Croft-on-Tees near Darlington. However, by 1836 a young engineer called Charles Fox had improved on Nicholson's helicoidal method and other writers were proposing alternative approaches to the problem.
Charles Fox's English method in brick.
In performing his calculations Nicholson considered the arch barrel to be made from one ring of stones and of negligible thickness and therefore he developed only the intrados.
The idea was expanded in Charles Fox's 1836 publication "On the Construction of Skew Arches", in which he considered the intrados of the barrel and the extrados as separate surfaces mapped onto concentric cylinders by drawing a separate development for each. This approach had two advantages. Firstly, he was able to develop a theoretical third, intermediate surface mid-way between the intrados and the extrados, which allowed him to align the centre of each voussoir, rather than its inner surface, along the desired line, thereby better approximating the ideal placement than Nicholson was able to achieve.
Secondly, it enabled him to develop an arbitrary number of concentric intermediate surfaces so as to plan the courses in multi-ring skew arch barrels, allowing them for the first time to be constructed in brick, and therefore much more economically than was previously possible.
In order to explain how he visualised the courses of voussoirs in a stone skew arch, Fox wrote, "The principle which I have adopted is, to work the stones in the form of a spiral quadrilateral solid, wrapped round a cylinder, or, in plainer language, the principle of a square threaded screw: hence it becomes quite evident, that the transverse sections of all these spiral stones are the same throughout the whole arch. It will be obvious, that the beds of the stones should be worked into true spiral planes." So, a stone skew arch built to Fox's plan would have its voussoirs cut with a slight twist, in order to follow the shape of a square threaded screw. 
While claiming a superior method, Fox openly acknowledged Nicholson's contribution but in 1837 he felt the need to reply to a published letter written in support of Nicholson by fellow engineer Henry Welch, the County Bridge Surveyor for Northumberland. Unfortunately the three men became involved in a paper war that, following a number of earlier altercations in which the originality of his writings was questioned, left the 71-year old Nicholson feeling bitter and unappreciated.
The following year Fox, still aged only 28 and employed by Robert Stephenson as an engineer on the London and Birmingham Railway, presented his paper encapsulating these principles to the Royal Institution and from this was born the English or helicoidal method of constructing brick skew arches. Using this method many thousands of skew bridges were built either entirely of brick or of brick with stone quoins by railway companies in the United Kingdom, a substantial number of which survive and are still in use today.
George W. Buck and William H. Barlow.
In 1839, George Watson Buck, having also worked on the London and Birmingham Railway under Stephenson before moving to the Manchester and Birmingham Railway, published a work entitled "A Practical and Theoretical Essay on Oblique Bridges" in which he also acknowledged Nicholson's contribution but, finding it lacking in detail,
applied his own original trigonometrical approach and considerable practical experience to the problem.
This book was acknowledged as the definitive work on the subject of the helicoidal skew arch and remained a standard text book for railway engineers until the end of the 19th century.
Buck's trigonometrical approach allowed every dimension of a skew arch to be calculated without recourse to taking measurements from scale drawings and it allowed him to calculate the theoretical minimum angle of obliquity to which a practical semicircular helicoidal skew bridge could be designed and safely built.
The "Buck Limit", as it is known, has a value of 25°40′ or, when quoted in terms of the "maximum angle of skew", a value of 64°20′.
Buck paid particular attention to the design of bridges of extreme obliquity, addressing two potential problems he had identified. Firstly, he noted that the acutely angled quoins at the obtuse corners of the plan view were very susceptible to damage during construction, settlement or by accidental blows in subsequent use so he devised a method of chamfering the edge, removing the single acute angle and replacing it with two obtuse angles and, in his own words, "the quantity thus cut off from the acute quoin, is gradually diminished to the opposite or obtuse quoin, where the cutting vanishes; by this contrivance no angle less than a right angle is any where presented on the exterior of the work […] the effect produced is elegant and pleasing to the eye."
Secondly, he recommended that the extrados of the barrel of an arch of great obliquity be formed into rusticated steps so as to provide a horizontal bed for the spandrel walls in order to overcome their tendency to slide off the arch barrel.
The bridge carrying the London and Birmingham Railway over the London Road at Boxmoor in Hertfordshire, adjacent to what is now Hemel Hempstead station on the West Coast Main Line, is an example of a segmental arch of extreme obliquity that was designed by Buck and incorporates both of these features. Constructed in masonry, with a brick barrel, stone quoins and a 58° angle of skew, it was completed in 1837. Shortly before the railway opened the bridge was the subject of an ink and wash drawing dated 12 June 1837, one of a series of works by artist John Cooke Bourne illustrating the construction of the line.
Buck's "Essay", containing its criticism of Nicholson's work, was published in July 1839, just a few months before Nicholson's "Guide to Railway Masonry", causing the ongoing paper war in "The Civil Engineer and Architect's Journal" to continue acrimoniously as Nicholson accused Buck of stealing his ideas
and Buck issued a counter-claim.
In 1840, Buck's assistant, the young engineer William Henry Barlow entered the fray, initially signing himself cryptically W.H.B.,
but eventually declaring publicly his strong support for Buck.
Nicholson, by this time aged 75 and his health failing, had been struggling financially since the bankruptcy of one of his publishers in 1827 and he was in desperate need of the revenue he hoped to receive from sales of his "Guide".
While both Fox and Buck had been happy to acknowledge Nicholson's work and had fought a mostly intellectual battle, Barlow's attacks became less gentlemanly and more personal
causing Nicholson, who later received anonymous public support from the mysterious M.Q.,
considerable distress.
Alternatives to the helicoidal method.
The helicoidal method of laying down the stone or brick courses championed by Nicholson, Fox and Buck is only an approximation to the ideal. Since the courses are only square to the faces of the arch at the crown and deviate more from perpendicularity the closer they are to the springing line, thereby over-correcting the deficiencies of the false skew arch and weakening the obtuse angle,
the mathematical purists recommend that helicoidal construction be restricted to segmental arches and not be used in full-centred (semicircular) designs.
Despite this there were many full-centred skew bridges built to the helicoidal pattern and many still stand, Kielder Viaduct and Neidpath Viaduct being just two examples.
Edward Sang's logarithmic method.
The search for a technically pure orthogonal method of constructing a skew arch led to the proposal of the logarithmic method by Edward Sang, a mathematician living in Edinburgh, in his presentation in three parts to the Society for the Encouragement of the Useful Arts between 18 November 1835 and 27 January 1836, during which time he was elected vice-president of the Society, though his work was not published until 1840.
The logarithmic method is based on the principle of laying the voussoirs in "equilibrated"
courses in which they follow lines that run truly perpendicular to the arch faces at all elevations, while the header joints between the stones within each course are truly parallel with the arch face.
While a helix is produced by projecting a straight line onto the surface of a cylinder, Sang's method requires that a series of logarithmic curves be projected onto a cylindrical surface, hence its name.
In terms of strength and stability, a skew bridge built to the logarithmic pattern has advantages over one built to the helicoidal pattern, especially so in the case of full-centred designs. However, the courses are not parallel, being thinner towards the most acutely angled quoin (located where the face of the arch makes an obtuse angle with the abutment in the plan view, at S and Q in the development to the left, and at the left hand side of the photograph of the intrados on the right) and thicker towards the most obtusely angled quoin (at O and G in the development and just off the right hand side of the photograph),
requiring specially cut stones, no two of which in a given course being the same, which precludes the use of mass-produced bricks. Nevertheless, two courses beginning at opposite ends of the barrel at the same height above the springing line are exactly alike, halving the number of templates required.
In 1838, Alexander James Adie,
son of the famous optical instrument manufacturer of the same name,
as resident engineer on the Bolton and Preston Railway was the first to put the theory into practice,
building several skew bridges to the logarithmic pattern on that route, including the semi-elliptical Grade II listed
bridge number 74A that carries the line over the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, which was formerly known as the southern section of the Lancaster Canal with the intention of connecting it to the northern section, though this was never achieved as the necessary aqueduct over the River Ribble proved too expensive to build.
He presented a paper on the subject to the Institution of Civil Engineers the following year and in 1841, academic William Whewell of Trinity College, Cambridge published his book "The Mechanics of Engineering" in which he expounded the virtues of building skew bridges with equilibrated courses, but due to the poor complexity to benefit ratio, there have been few other adopters.
The French "corne de vache" method.
The "corne de vache" or "cow's horn" method is another way of laying courses such that they meet the face of the arch orthogonally at all elevations.
Unlike the helicoidal and logarithmic methods, in which the intrados of the arch barrel is cylindrical, the "corne de vache" method results in a warped hyperbolic paraboloid surface that dips in the middle, rather like a saddle.
Despite being known as the French method of skew arch building, it was actually introduced by English engineer William Froude whilst working under Isambard Kingdom Brunel on the Bristol and Exeter Railway, which opened in 1844.
Although no details of Froude's work in this area survive and despite being better remembered for his work on hydrodynamics, he is known to have built at least two overbridges in red brick with stone quoins using this principle on the line just north of Exeter, at Cowley Bridge Junction where the A377 Exeter–Barnstaple road crosses at an oblique angle and, about to the northeast, at Rewe, on the A396, both of which survive and are in daily use.
The brickwork is considerably more complex than in a helicoidal design and, in order to ensure that the courses of bricks meet the faces of the arch at right angles, many had to be cut to produce tapers.
The "corne de vache" approach tends to result in a structure that is almost as strong as one built to the logarithmic pattern and considerably stronger than one built to the helicoidal pattern but, again, the extra complexity has meant that the method has not seen widespread adoption, especially since the simpler helicoidal structure can be built much stronger if a segmental design is chosen, rather than a full-centred one.
The ribbed skew arch.
The ribbed skew arch is a form of the false skew arch in which several narrow regular arches or ribs, offset laterally with respect to one another, are used to approximate a true skew arch.
Motivated by the lack of skilled stonemasons in the 18th century United States, the design was first proposed in 1802 for a crossing of the Schuylkill River in Philadelphia by British-born American architect Benjamin Henry Latrobe
and later championed by French civil engineer A. Boucher.
Because the series of arch ribs are all regular arches this method of construction has the advantage of being less demanding of unskilled artisans but it has received considerable criticism as being weak, susceptible to frost damage, ugly and wasteful of materials.
Although Latrobe's bridge was never built as proposed, his method of construction was later to be used extensively by the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad throughout the Philadelphia area, including an ambitious viaduct designed by Gustavus A. Nicolls with six skewed spans of across the river and six more land-based skew arches, which was built close to the site of Latrobe's proposed bridge and completed in 1856.
Thanks to the reinforcing of the spandrel walls in 1935, the bridge continues to carry rail traffic to this day.
The Midland Railway in the United Kingdom suffered from no such shortage of skilled workers but as part of its southern extension towards its London terminus at St Pancras, it was faced with the need to cross Southdown Road in Harpenden at an extremely acute angle of approximately 25°,
a figure more acute than the theoretical limit of 25°40′ proposed by Buck, and requiring a bridge with a skew angle of 65°, a situation not unlike that faced by the London and Birmingham railway 30 years earlier at Denbigh Hall. This time the chosen solution was to build Southdown Road bridge as a ribbed skew arch, which opened for traffic in 1868 and was successfully widened in 1893 when the line was converted to quadruple track.
Despite the aforementioned criticisms of the design, the bridge is still standing and in daily use by express and commuter trains.
A smaller and less extremely skewed example is Hereford Road bridge in Ledbury, Herefordshire, which was built in 1881 to carry the Ledbury and Gloucester Railway at an angle of approximately 45° across the Hereford Road, now a section of the A438.
The railway having closed in 1959,
it is now used as part of a footpath.
Notice that the two bridges in the photographs skew in opposite directions. Southdown Road bridge is said to have a left-hand skew due to the near face being offset to the left of the far face, while Hereford Road bridge has a right-hand skew.
Construction.
Early skew arch bridges were painstakingly built from masonry blocks, each individually and expensively cut to its own unique shape, with no two edges either parallel or perpendicular.
A fine example of such construction is the famous Rainhill Skew Bridge, which was designed with a skew span of , in order to give a clear span across the railway of at a skew angle of 56° by George Stephenson and built as a full-sized wooden model in an adjacent field before being completed in 1830.
A contemporary skew bridge, built to carry the Haggerleazes branch of the Stockton and Darlington Railway over the River Gaunless in County Durham proved too difficult for the original contractors, Thomas Worth and John Batie who, after piling the foundations for the abutments and laying the lower courses of masonry, abandoned the work. The contract was re-let to James Wilson of Pontefract on 28 May 1830 for £420, an increase of £93 over the original tender. As the principles were not completely understood the work continued to prove difficult and its imminent collapse was solemnly predicted right up until the time, a few days before the opening of the branch, the centring was removed and the crown of the arch settled by less than half an inch (13 mm).

</doc>
<doc id="20224059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224059" title="Shaunna Hall">
Shaunna Hall

Shaunna Elizabeth Hall (born July 28, 1963) is an American composer and musician with a number of years performing in the San Francisco Bay Area. She was a founding guitarist for the band 4 Non Blondes and is currently a member of George Clinton's Parliament-Funkadelic.
Early life.
Hall played trumpet in school, studying under Jon Simms, the founder of the San Francisco Gay Freedom Day Marching Band and Twirling Corps, at Benjamin Franklin Intermediate School in Daly City, California. She started taking the guitar seriously as a teenager at Serramonte High School, and studied songwriting at the Blue Bear School of Music in San Francisco with performer Bonnie Hayes.
1980s.
Hall joined her first band, The Crash Puppies, in the early 80s.
In the late eighties, she and bassist Christa Hillhouse formed Cool and Unusual Punishment, a new wave duo. Later, they joined, along with drummer Wanda Day, The Lesbian Snake Charmers, led by singer Jai Jai Noire. Hall met vocalist Linda Perry, and when The Lesbian Snake Charmers broke up, they co-founded the alternative rock group 4 Non Blondes with Linda Perry, Christa Hillhouse, and Wanda Day in 1989.
1990s.
In 1990, 4 Non Blondes won the SF Weekly Award (Wammies) for Best Rock Band. "Bigger, Better, Faster, More!" by Interscope Records was released in 1992 and was the only studio album released by the band. It includes performances and five compositions by Hall ("Morphine and Chocolate", "Spaceman", and others). The album peaked at number 11 on the Billboard Top 200. "Spaceman" was released as a single in 1993 and peaked at number 39 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. Hall left the band in 1992 during the recording of Bigger, Better, Faster, More! over musical differences with the band as well as with the producer. The album was completed with session guitarist Louis Metoyer.
Hall and Pat Wilder subsequently founded Bad Dog Play Dead in 1992. The all-female ensemble played funk, rock, country and pop songs written largely by Hall and Wilder, and the group reunited Hall and 4 Non Blondes drummer Wanda Day. They recorded a demo, engineered and mixed by Garry Crieman at Hyde Street Studios, San Francisco. Janis Tanaka played bass on the demo but did not join the group. The band played live in San Francisco for several months until the permanent disability of Day in December 1992.
Hall played as a part of the agro-core hard rock band The Alcohol of Fame (named by studio engineer Garry Crieman) from 1993-1995. The group began as an ensemble Hall put together to perform a benefit for Day at the I-Beam in San Francisco in early 1993. The band changed line-ups, with the core trio of Hall, Crash and Spingola finally teaming with drummer Becky Wreck from the Lunachicks later that year. Their first official performance was at Female Trouble's 'The Dykemare Before Christmas' in December 1993. With the addition of bassist Erica Liss of MDC in early 1994, the lineup made a six-song demo, Mendocino Demo 1994, and played the New Music Seminar in New York, NY followed by an east coast summer tour in 1994.
Though Wreck remained on the east Coast, the core trio of Crash, Hall and Spingola returned to San Francisco. Drummer Peter French and a series of bass players including Dennis Dismore and the late Warner Harrison joined The Alcohol of Fame in 1995. The group recorded a second demo in the spring of 1995 at Gush Studios in Oakland, CA. Warner announced his departure from the band only weeks after finishing the demo, and the group disbanded.
In 1996, Hall and Tribe 8, Bay Area queercore pioneers, joined Nirvana, Soundgarden, Joan Jett, The Gits, and more on the "Home Alive! Compilation". The project raised funds and awareness for self-defense education for women in honor of Mia Zapata, the singer of The Gits who was beaten and murdered while walking home.
Hall appears on "Frat Pig" and another song from the Tribe 8 CD "Fist City" on Alternative Tenticles Records. She co-produced Tribe 8's "Role Models for America" released in 1998 on Alternative Tentacles.
Hall co-produced Demo, IPO, and Secondary by the The Flying Other Bros. in 1999.
Throughout the 1990s, Hall played with the theatrical six-piece group The Eric McFadden Experience. In 1998, the group received the SF Weekly Award (Wammies) for Best Americana Band and released "Our Revels Now are Ended". The CD includes one Hall composition, "Macaroon", which also appeared on an early 4 Non Blondes demo.
2000s.
Alien Lovestock's 2000 CD "Planet of Fish" includes the composition "Alien Love" co-written by Hall, Eric McFadden and George Clinton.
Hall composed eight tracks with Storm, Inc. for the independent release "The Calm Years" in April 2001. Storm, Inc. started in the summer of 1999 when Hall sat in with singer Storm Large as a support guitarist for acoustic gigs. Hall and Storm, Inc. wrote and created "The Calm Years." and toured the US west coast following its release.
As sound designer, Hall helped to create the first online video game developed by Shockwave in 2000. "Tamale Loco" is now available in the "Shockwave Favorites Vol. 1" game bundle or as a standalone download at Shockwave.com.
In the summer of 2001, she played with Dog Ass, a trio with Los Angeles drummer Becky Wreck and bassist Christy Michel. Formed specifically to play a Breast Cancer Awareness Benefit presented by Loudithfaire, a festival celebrating lesser-known women in rock, the trio gave a few shows in San Francisco and Los Angeles before Hall moved to Barcelona, Spain in 2002.
Hall wrote, produced, and directed a short film called "The Beauty of Betrayal" in May 2002. Brick Seriously and Hall recorded the video in San Francisco. It features her composition "Beauty Sleeps" recorded in San Francisco and Los Angeles with drummer Kevin Carnes, EricMcFadden Experience members Sam Bass, Ben Barnes and Paula O'Rourke. Janis Tanaka plays the saw on the instrumental. Hall appears in the film along with actress Natalie Richie.
In July 2002, Hall began touring with George Clinton and Parliament-Funkadelic. Since then, she has played on several US, Canadian and European tours as well as dates abroad. She was the monitor engineer from 2002–2004, and the "P-Funk Live at the 2004 Montreaux Jazz Festival" DVD credits her engineering work. She became the first official female guitarist of P-Funk in 2007.
Hall and Dutch artist Margot van Ham shared an art/music studio in Barcelona, Spain from 2004 to 2006. In 2004, Hall released a video called "The Third Eye". Van Ham produced the video in 2004 with a song Hall wrote with Paul Hill and Clip Payne of P-Funk in 2002. The video was released in 2006 as a part of Hall's multimedia project, "Electrofunkadelica: e3+FUNKnth = music for the body, mind & soul".
In 2007, Hall appeared on the BBC program "The 100 Most Annoying Pop Songs We Hate To Love", which featured the 4 Non Blondes song "What's Up?" at number 91 on the list.
Hall joined a number of artists for former artist liaison and backstage manager Tiffany Travalent's benefit at 12 Galaxies in San Francisco in 2007. Led by Eric McFadden, a large group of musicians including Bernie Worrell (Parliament-Funkadelic), Dawn Silva (Brides of Funkenstein/Sly and the Family Stone), Jerry Harrison (Talking Heads), Pete Sears, Carol Hernandez, and The Meters' drummer Ziggy Modeliste gave their time to benefit Travalent, who suffers from severe chronic pain, is unable to work, and had large outstanding medical bills. A DVD of the event was released with footage from the show and related content.
Hall earned two engineering credits in 2008. The first was for Clinton's vocals on the song "Heads Will Roll", for Lee "Scratch" Perry's "Return of the Super Ape". The second, "George Clinton and his Gangsters of Love", charted on both the Billboard R&B and Independent Charts.
Current projects.
Hall returned to the United States in 2005, and continues to tour the world as a guitarist with George Clinton and Parliament-Funkadelic in The P-Funk Allstars. She became an official band member in 2007 after five years of touring as a part-time player, monitor engineer, and crew member.
She released a solo project, "Electrofunkadelica", in 2006. She wrote, produced, and recorded most of the project on a Macintosh laptop with a portable studio while touring the world with P-Funk on the road between 2002 and 2005, and the tracks feature many P-Funk members and musician friends. The 2006 release "Electrofunkadelica: e3+FUNKnth = music for the body, mind & soul", is a collection of audio recordings and three videos. It consists of contemporary music and projected visual imagery performances described as "containing some social and political messages, some emotional and inspirational, and some are just plain fun". The Electrofunkadelica live performances feature Hall on guitar, electronic sources including looping samplers, Kevin Carnes on drums, Stephan G. as VJ, and occasional guest vocalists or instrumentalists. Projected visual imagery plays a large part in the show, with VJ mixing, animation and film.
She is currently creating the next "Electrofunkadelica" collection, which will again feature many musical guests and the recording debut of drag king character BB Kink. Hall created BB Kink as an Electro-GoGo-Love-Blues guitar player. She introduced the character in late 2008 with performances in Barcelona at Sala Monasterio and San Francisco at Anon Salon.
Interests and Affiliations.
Hall was a panelist for the 2000 and 2005 Rockrgrl Conference, and has been a volunteer performer for Bread and Roses since 1997. She is a member of ASCAP.
Discography.
George Clinton
"George Clinton and His Gangsters of Love"
Shanachie - 2008
Engineer
Billboard R&B and Independent Charts
Lee "Scratch" Perry
"Return of the Super Ape"
Goldenlane Records - 2008
Engineer
Electrofunkadelica
"e3+FUNKnth=music for the body, mind & soul"
Make Music, Not War Records - 2006
Guitar, producer, songwriter and more
Eric McFadden
"Dementia"
Bad Reputation Records - 2006 Guitar
420 Funk Mob
"Alive in Spain"
wefunk 2kAD - 2004
Guitar
wefunkFM.com, wefunk records, and thefunkstore.com
Eric McFadden
"Eric McFadden"
2002
Guitar
Alien Lovestock
"Planet of Fish"
NMX Records - 2001
Songwriter
Storm, Inc.
"The Calm Years"
Gender Nectar Records - 2001
Guitar, BVs, songwriter
The Flying Other Bros.
"Secondary"
Producer/ Engineer
2000
The Flying Other Bros.
"Demo & IPO"
1999
Producer/ Engineer
Tribe 8
"Role Models for Amerika"
Alternative Tentacles - 1998
Guest Guitar, BVs, Co-Producer
The Eric McFadden Experience
"Our Revels Now Are Ended"
NMX Records - 1998
Guitar, Songwriter
Eric McFadden
"Who's Laughing Now"
NMX records - 1997
Guitar
Various Artists
Sony - 1996
Guitar
Tribe 8
"Fist City"
Alternative Tentacles - 1995
Guest guitar
Nicodemus
"Dance Hall Giant"
PSM Recordings - 1995
Guitar
The Alcohol of Fame
"Gush Demo '95"
Recorded at Gush Studios, Oakland, CA - 1995
Engineered by Allen Kraft, Mastered by Matt Murmen at Different Fur Studios, San Francisco
Songwriter, Guitar
The Alcohol of Fame
"Mendocino Demo Session 1994"
Recorded by Joey Mobile Sound - 1994
Songwriter, Guitar
Positive Sound Massive
"Sex & Guns" and "Unity"
PSM Records - 1993
Bad Dog Play Dead
"Hyde St. Demo"
Recorded by Garry Crieman at Hyde Street Studios, SF - 1992
Songwriter, Guitar
4 Non Blondes
"Bigger, Better, Faster, More!"
Interscope Records - 1992
Guitar, Songwriter
Video Projects and Performance Videos.
Second Wind 
Beauty of Betrayal
The 3rd Eye
Going To The Hukilau
Good Thoughts, Bad Thoughts
Stellar Evolution
Details
George Clinton and the P-Funk All Stars - Cosmic Slop
Projects and Groups.
2008–present
BB KINK
2005–present
Electrofunkadelica
live band
Shaunna Hall - guitar, keyboards, vocals, & various machinery
Kevin Carnes - drums, samplers
VJ - Stephan G.
Other members, characters, and guests TBA
2004
"The Third Eye" Video
With Margot van Ham
2002–present
George Clinton & the P-Funk All-Stars
2002
"Beauty of Betrayal" Video
With Brick Seriously
1999-2001
Storm, Inc.
Shaunna Hall - Guitars, bvs
Michael Cavaseno - Guitars, bvs
Storm Large - Vocals
Kevin Carnes - Drums
Ubidube Whitaker - Bass
1997-2005
The Eric McFadden Experience
Eric McFadden - guitar, vocals
Shaunna Hall - guitar, vocals
Paula O'Rourke - bass, vocals
Paulo Baldi - drums
Sam Bass - cello
Benjamin Barnes - violin
1993-1995
The Alcohol of Fame
Band Members 1993-1994
Shaunna Hall - Guitars, bvs
Cara Crash - Guitars, bvs
Steve 'Spit' Spingola - Vocals
Becky Wreck - Drums
Erica Liss - Bass
Band Members 1994-1995
Shaunna Hall - Guitars, bvs
Cara Crash - Guitars, bvs
Steve 'Spit' Spingola - Vocals
Warner Harrison - Bass
Peter French - Drums
1992-1993
Bad Dog Play Dead
studio band:
Shaunna Hall - guitar, vocals
Pat Wilder - guitar, vocals
Wanda Day - drums
Janis Tanaka - bass on recordings
Christi-on Crawford - Vocal on "Head Spin"
live band:
Shaunna Hall - guitar, vocals
Pat Wilder - guitar, vocals
Wanda Day - drums
Katherine Chase - bass, vocals
Anna Carney - keyboards and vocals and guitar
Christi-on Crawford -guest vocalist
1989-1992
4 Non Blondes
Christa Hillhouse, bass
Shaunna Hall, guitar
Wanda Day, drums
Linda Perry, vocals
1988-1989
Cool and Unusual Punishment
Shaunna Hall
Christa Hillhouse
Press and Media.
Early 4 Non Blondes Interview (July 1991) - Interview by Gary Indiana for Flipside Magazine
"Shaunna Hall gets in touch with her inner geek" - Interview by Danise von Rod on Loudithfaire.net
Rockrgrl Interview: Issue #41 Sept/Oct - Cover: Kat Bjelland
Coverage from BAM Magazine on Storm, Inc. and "The Calm Years" features interviews with Shaunna, et al.
January 2008-- WomensRadio.com Review of Electrofunkadelica by Brian Ball
August 2007 -- Boise Weekly Review of Electrofunkadelica by Dam McMahon

</doc>
<doc id="20224063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224063" title="2007 Rutgers Scarlet Knights football team">
2007 Rutgers Scarlet Knights football team

For the first time in the history of Rutgers football, the team entered a season ranked - 16th in both the Associated Press and Coaches polls. The Scarlet Knights finished the season with an 8-5 record that included a 52-30 victory over the Ball State Cardinals in the 2008 International Bowl. It marked the third consecutive appearance of the team in a post-season bowl game, and the second bowl game won by the team.

</doc>
<doc id="20224065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224065" title="Addis Neger (website)">
Addis Neger (website)

Addis Neger is an Ethiopian daily news website published in Maryland, USA, for a worldwide Ethiopian audience. It is the largest metropolitan website available for the Ethiopian diaspora. Founded on August 4, 2006, the site was rated the number one Ethiopian news web site in 2008. However, it is not connected to the popular Addis Neger private newspaper in Ethiopia.
The original Addis Neger news outlet was founded in 2005 by two political science students in Ethiopia. After the government arrested one of the students, the other fled to the U.S. and established the website in 2006 in order to publicize the political and social situation in Ethiopia. The names of the members are purposely kept hidden until the imprisoned student is released.

</doc>
<doc id="20224091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224091" title="Marshal (Italy)">
Marshal (Italy)

The Italian military rank of maresciallo (marshal) is classified as a "sub-officer" and is the highest rank of non-commissioned officer in the Italian armed forces, higher than the rank of sergeant but lower than that of ensign/second lieutenant; there are from three to five grades within the rank, according to the different branches of the armed forces. The rank is achieved through merit or attending the "Scuola Allievi Marescialli" (School of Student Marshals). Marshal is an intermediate rank of the armed forces which is currently granted to NCOs with the training and technical competence to carry out specialised executive roles, and to command smaller and technically complex units.
Italian military.
In the Italian army a marshal is a non-commissioned officer. The grades of marshal are as follows beginning with the lowest:
In the Italian navy the grades of marshal are as follows:
In the Italian air force the grades of marshal are as follows:
Italian gendarmerie.
In the uniformed sectors - the Carabinieri and Guardia di Finanza - those at the marshal level are called inspectors and are distinguished from supervisors and were once non-commissioned officers. Their grades resemble those in the Italian army:
Adjutant marshal retains the rank of Official Substitute of Public Safety; lieutenant is not meaningfully a rank and dates from 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20224096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224096" title="Kevin Belcher">
Kevin Belcher

Kevin Donnell Belcher (born August 8, 1967) is a former professional baseball player. He played in 16 games in Major League Baseball for the Texas Rangers during the 1990 season, primarily as an outfielder. He had two hits in 15 at bats with one double.

</doc>
<doc id="20224110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224110" title="Selitë, Mirditë">
Selitë, Mirditë

Selitë is a municipality in the Mirditë District, Lezhë County, northwestern Albania. The settlement holding city status is Kurbnesh.

</doc>
<doc id="20224123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224123" title="J.W. McMillan">
J.W. McMillan

J.W. McMillan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20224137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224137" title="Siurana">
Siurana

Siurana is a municipality in the "comarca" of Alt Empordà, Girona, Catalonia, Spain located just south of Figueres.

</doc>
<doc id="20224141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224141" title="Zoltán Sztanity">
Zoltán Sztanity

Zoltán Sztanity (born February 1, 1954) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the K-1 500 m event at Montreal in 1976.
Sztanity also won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1975) and a bronze (K-1 500 m: 1977).

</doc>
<doc id="20224154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224154" title="Dure">
Dure

The dure is a type of collective laboring operation within small farming communities of Korea. Farmers in a village work together on each other's farms, so that they can support each other as reducing the amount of work. In accordance with region, its function and composition differ, so "dure" has been variously called such as "nongsa" (농사), "nonggye" (농계), "nongcheong" (농청), "nongak" (농악), "nonggi" (농기), "mokcheong" (목청), "gyaksa" (갹사), "dongne nonmegi" (동네논매기), "gilssam" (길쌈), "dolgae gieum" (돌개기음). It can also be a school name.

</doc>
<doc id="20224156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224156" title="Le Combat Continue">
Le Combat Continue

Le Combat Continue is the second studio album by French Hip Hop group, Idéal J. The album is considered a classic in French hip hop music. The lead single "Hardcore" caused a huge controversy in France.
The album, reached #21 of SNEP, the official French Albums Chart in October 1998.
The single "Hardcore" from the album appeared for ten weeks in the SNEP French Singles Chart with the peak position reached at #67. 
Samples.
Le combat continue
Introduction
Message
Pour une poignée de dollars...
Un nuage de fumée
Evitez
R.A.S. 1
Sur violents breakbeats
Hardcore
J'ai mal au cœur
L'amour
Idéal J
Si je rappe ici

</doc>
<doc id="20224182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224182" title="Rayne railway station">
Rayne railway station

Rayne railway station was located in Rayne, Essex. It closed in 1952.
History.
The station is now the headquarters for the Essex Ranger Service and the visitor centre for the Flitch Way.
Route.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20224183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224183" title="Big East Women's Basketball Tournament">
Big East Women's Basketball Tournament

Starting in 2009, the tournament expanded to include all 16 of the conference's teams at that time. The teams finishing 9 through 16 in the regular season standings played first round games, while teams 5 through 8 receive a bye to the second round. The top 4 teams during the regular season receive a double-bye to the quarterfinals. The 2013 tournament, the final one under the original Big East structure, saw 15 teams participating, following West Virginia's 2012 move to the Big 12 Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="20224198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224198" title="Kaçinar">
Kaçinar

Kaçinar is a municipality in the Mirditë District, Lezhë County, northwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20224209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224209" title="Maryland–West Virginia football rivalry">
Maryland–West Virginia football rivalry

The Maryland–West Virginia football rivalry is an American college football rivalry between the Maryland Terrapins football team of the University of Maryland and West Virginia Mountaineers football team of West Virginia University. The two teams first played in 1919 and the series ran uninterrupted between 1980 and 2007. West Virginia currently leads the series 26–22–2. The longest streak in the series is West Virginia's seven consecutive victories from 2004 to 2012. The two teams met for the Gator Bowl for a rematch at the end of the 2003 season. Until the series lapsed in 2007, the game was the longest continuously running non-conference game for both schools.
Background.
The rivalry is arguably more competitive than Maryland's other two historically important games: official ACC rival Virginia and Penn State. For West Virginia, it may not be as emotional as the Backyard Brawl, but it is still an important game. Due to the game traditionally being played early in the season, both teams have historically viewed the game as a good measuring stick for the rest of the season.
ESPN personality and former Maryland assistant coach, Lee Corso said, that during the 1960s, the rivalry "was really competitive because of the fact that they would sometimes come to Maryland and recruit our players, and we would try to go to West Virginia and recruit some of them ... That adds to the rivalry."
This practice of poaching the opponent's areas of interest remains to this day. In recent history, Terps fullback Cory Jackson was a Morgantown native, while former quarterback Scott McBrien transferred from West Virginia after frustration over not starting. In McBrien's last college game, the 2004 Gator Bowl, he passed for a school bowl record 381 yards and three touchdowns during a 41–7 thrashing of the Mountaineers. Conversely, Heisman finalist Steve Slaton was originally offered a scholarship to Maryland but chose West Virginia when the offer was ultimately revoked. In the 2007 game Slaton exacted his revenge, running for 137 yards and three touchdowns against the Terps. Likewise, fullback Owen Schmitt from northern Virginia originally wished to play for Maryland, but when the school was uninterested, he walked onto the Mountaineers, from where he has since gone on to the NFL Draft. Schmitt had his "coming out" party in WVU's 31–19 triumph over the Terrapins in 2005, gaining 80 yards on just six carries and contributing substantially to two Mountaineer touchdown drives which broke the game open early in the fourth quarter.
There was a two-year hiatus during the 2008 and 2009 seasons, in which Maryland played California and West Virginia played Colorado. The schools agreed to resume the series, scheduling games for each year from 2010 to 2013. West Virginia won the first game after the hiatus, 31–17 in Morgantown. On September 13, 2010, the two schools announced a deal to extend the series through 2017. The 2013 game, designated a Maryland home game, was played at M&T Bank Stadium in Baltimore. Maryland dominated with a 37-0 shutout victory, the first since 1999.
Notable games.
1949.
In the first game with one of the two ranked, #15 Maryland routed West Virginia 47–7. In the first half, head coach Jim Tatum guided the Terrapins to a 21–0 lead, and kept the Mountaineers offense from advancing past midfield all but once. In the third quarter, Maryland scored three touchdowns in quick succession. Six Maryland players scored, including two different centers, and back Ed Modzelewski twice. With the win, Maryland improved to 8–1 to help its case for an eventual berth in the 1950 Gator Bowl. The Terrapins extended their season scoring total to 233 points, the most in school history.
1951.
In Maryland's season finale before an already-secured berth in the 1952 Sugar Bowl, at halftime Maryland led, 35–7. In the second half, coach Tatum fielded mostly reserve players to prevent running up the score. Back Ed Modzelewski had 14 carries for 131 yards and two touchdowns, which outgained the combined mark for the opposing team for the sixth time of the season. The Maryland defense stifled the West Virginia ground attack, which rushed only eight times for a net loss of 21 yards. The win preserved Maryland's perfect record, which made it the first undefeated Terrapins team in 57 years.
1977.
West Virginia 24, #11 Maryland 16
West Virginia snapped #11 Maryland's 15-game regular season winning streak, and ended their opponents' hopes for a second undefeated season. The Mountaineers dominated the first half behind an efficient effort by quarterback Dan Kendra who completed six consecutive passes and led the team to a 24–0 halftime advantage. The third touchdown came on a 54-yard Kendra pass to wide receiver Cedric Thomas, who was open because of blown coverage by cornerback Jonathan Claiborne, Maryland coach Jerry Claiborne's son. The West Virginia defense stifled Maryland's comeback bid in the final minutes with a stop on the two-yard line.
1982.
In a clash of eventual AP top twenty-finishing teams, the Mountaineers outlasted the Terrapins in a nail-biter when Maryland’s all-or-nothing bid for a game-winning two-point conversion attempt failed late in the game. Jeff Hostetler and Boomer Esiason each threw TD passes for their respective teams, and WVU kicker Paul Woodside boomed four field goals, three over forty yards. Mountaineer coach Don Nehlen later cited the victory as being more important than his team’s stunning upset of traditional power Oklahoma the previous weekend.
1983.
West Virginia quarterback Jeff Hostetler threw interceptions which resulted in Maryland taking an early 10–0 lead. A touchdown by Mountaineers running back Ron Wolfley and field goal by kicker Ron Woodside tied it before halftime. In the second half, Hostetler threw a 42-yard touchdown pass to tight end Rob Bennett to make it 24–10, which put the game out of reach. With the loss, Maryland was dropped from the Associated Press Top-20 Poll.
1988.
The highest-scoring game of the series began with Maryland running back Mike Beasley rushing for two touchdowns in the first four minutes. The Terrapins scored the first by capitalizing on Anthony Browns' fumble on the first play of the game on the West Virginia 11-yard line. The Mountaineers then rallied to score 17 unanswered points in the first half, and their defense limited the Terrapins to just five first downs in the remainder of the opening half. In the second half, West Virginia expanded its lead to a rout, and beat Maryland for the first time since 1983.
2004 Gator Bowl.
At the end of the 2003 season, #20 West Virginia and #23 Maryland met at a bowl game for the first time. Terrapins quarterback Scott McBrien, who had transferred from West Virginia, ran for one and threw three touchdowns. Explosive specialist and wide receiver Steve Suter returned a WV punt 76 yards for a touchdown, and all-time ACC scoring leader Nick Novak made two field goals. In what was a rematch from an earlier regular season game that the Terrapins won 34–7, the result was even more lopsided as Maryland won 41–7.
Game results.
"Maryland victories are shaded ██ red. West Virginia victories are shaded ██ navy blue. Ties are gray."

</doc>
<doc id="20224216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224216" title="10C">
10C

10C or X-C may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20224259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224259" title="Fleeting Rome">
Fleeting Rome

Fleeting Rome: In Search of La Dolce Vita is a posthumous book by Italian Jewish writer and painter Carlo Levi, which collects a number of his writings: correspondence, documents, photographic material from his exhibition catalogues, mainly extracted from the Italian State Central Archive, but also from other sources, such as the "Collection of Manuscripts by Modern and Contemporary Authors" at the University of Pavia, and the Harry Ransom Humanities Research Center at the University of Texas at Austin, where Levi's "Christ Stopped at Eboli" is preserved.
The book is a portrayal of everyday life in Rome from the end of World War II to the student movements of the 1960s. Levi skilfully and lovingly sketches a portrait of the Capital city and of its inhabitants through changing seasons and changing times. The author revels in the riotous celebrations for New Year and the many festivals through the year, and rejoices in the beauty of the city in the early morning mist. He introduces a civil servant who spends his days collecting wild asparagus (a perfect employee who takes up no room in his office and causes no scandals), a peasant who wishes to be a writer, a writer who prefers football to talking about literature and thieves who masquerade as policemen. Rome for Levi is a constant joyous adventure that at every encounter and every street presents the casual stroller with a new and hidden delight.
The book has an introduction by Italian critic Giulio Ferroni and quotes as its "exergo" a sonnet about Rome written by the baroque writer Francisco de Quevedo:
Although this volume of essays was published posthumously, edited by Gigliola De Donato and Luisa Montevecchi, Levi himself intended to gather and publish them with the title "Roma fuggitiva (Fleeting Rome)", a name that had been inspired by the example of the above verses Quevedo dedicated to Rome. 'Roma fuggitiva' is also the title of a short note among Levi's papers, dated 6 March 1963 from the addition or preamble to the article 'Il popolo di Roma' ("The People of Rome"). From this note, one learns that Levi took that reference as something like a metaphor for the endurance of that which history in any case had condemned to disappear, that is, that provisional 'restoration' that he had witnessed in the wake of the hopes of the Italian Resistance. These are the words of the article:
The 'fleeting moment' of Rome in these years is the external and evident history of the Italian ruling class, the fragile immobility of a restoration, the apathetic succession of scandals, speculations, deals, enrichments, the apparent triumph of a clerical bourgeoisie, and, flowing through the ruins, much like the river that so deeply moved the Spanish poet, is a glittering river of cars pounding the ancient roadways.
The 1963 note distinguishes, on the one hand, between a Rome that is 'immense and pulpy' and, on the other hand, a 'living precious world', which seems to exist within it, consisting of a 'grey populace' waiting to speak, which is not 'dried out and dead like the stones and the architecture' and which seems to herald a possible world of the future.

</doc>
<doc id="20224276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224276" title="Parent Teacher Organization">
Parent Teacher Organization

A Parent Teacher Organization (PTO) is a formal organization that consists of parents, teachers and school staff. The organization's goals may vary from organization to organization, but essentially the goals include volunteerism of parents, encouragement of teachers and students, community involvement, and welfare of students and families. It is not affiliated with Parent-Teacher Association (PTA) or Parent-Teacher-Student Association (PTSA.) PTA is a national association of millions of members and thousands of local units that provides leadership training and staff support.
Goals and/or mission statement.
Individual organizations typically establish goals and/or a mission statement. Here is a sample PTO Mission Statement from the New Franklin School PTO:
The New Franklin School PTO is a nonprofit parent/teacher organization whose membership includes all parents, legal guardians and staff at New Franklin Elementary School.
The PTO's mission is to promote open communication and understanding between parents and staff of the New Franklin Elementary School. Our efforts serve to enhance and maximize the education of every child while aiding them in achieving their highest potential.
The PTO sponsors assistance to teachers in classroom setting, holds fund-raisers for supplemental educational materials and experiences, supports school and family social interaction, and provides a non-biased forum for sharing information on issues that impact our children.
It is our belief that the team effort of a parent teacher organization offers the best possible learning environment for our children.
PTO board.
A PTO generally consists of a board. These members may include a president, vice president, secretary and treasurer. They may also include various specialty positions, such as hospitality or programs. The board typically governs the PTO by creating and voting on meeting dates, general meeting programs, etc.
PTO versus PTA.
A PTO is not the same as Parent-Teacher Association (PTA). They are similar in that both promote parent participation, but PTA takes a more active role in developing programs, advocacy and training. PTA operates at the school building, district, state and national levels and works on policy to better support children. Local PTA units set their own goals and missions, but they also join together to advocate and partner as a larger group. PTA is membership based and uses money from dues to offer staff support and grants, and to develop national programs, such as their Reflections arts in education program and their Standards for Family-School Partnerships implementation guide. A PTO is unaffiliated, local and does not pay dues to a national umbrella organization.
Activities.
PTO's encourage parent, teacher and community involvement by providing programs that facilitate so. These activities may include bicycle safety, drug awareness, energy conservation, reading programs, science programs, math programs and pedestrian safety.
For parents.
PTO parents get involved by supporting their students, teachers and staff. Parents can volunteer to be room parents to assist with class parties or field trips. They can help set up at a carnival or health fair. They can help teachers and staff by making copies for the class.
For teachers and staff.
Teachers and staff may become involved by helping to plan events that encourage the education of the students. These may include workshops, tutoring or special family nights (math, science, reading).
For students.
The students reap the benefits by the involvement and support of all the adults involved in the PTO. The PTO supports the educational goals of the school, thus extending those goals to the students.

</doc>
<doc id="20224291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224291" title="Fan, Mirditë">
Fan, Mirditë

Fan is a municipality in the Mirditë District, Lezhë County, northwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20224318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224318" title="Orosh">
Orosh

Orosh is a municipality in the Mirditë District, Lezhë County, northwestern Albania. The seat of the municipality is the town of Reps. The former Orosh Abbey was located in the municipality. Terenzio Tocci gathered the Mirdite chieftains on April 26, 1911 in Orosh, proclaimed the independence of Albania, raised the flag of Albania and established the provisional government.

</doc>
<doc id="20224325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224325" title="Chautauqua County Sheriff's Office (New York)">
Chautauqua County Sheriff's Office (New York)

The Chautauqua County Sheriff's Office (CCSO) is the chief law enforcement agency for unincorporated areas of Chautauqua County, New York, New York, USA. The current sheriff is Joseph A. Gerace.
Fallen officers.
Since the establishment of the Chautauqua County Sheriff's Office, 1 officer has died in the line of duty.
See also.
List of law enforcement agencies in New York

</doc>
<doc id="20224335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224335" title="Christos Aritzis">
Christos Aritzis

Christos Aritzis, (; born 11 August 1984) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Bulgarian side Vihren Sandanski. He is a central forward.
Aritzis previously played for Kalamata F.C. in the Greek Beta Ethniki.<br>
Currently Aritzis is playing for Panaupliakos.

</doc>
<doc id="20224339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224339" title="Right Cause (political party in Russia)">
Right Cause (political party in Russia)

Right Cause (, "Pravoye delo", ) is a political party in Russia with representatives in several local legislatures. Founded on 18 February 2009 as a merger of the Union of Rightist Forces (partly, other members joined to Solidarnost), Civilian Power and the Democratic Party of Russia, the party's main policy stances are liberal free market economy, democracy and protecting the rights of the middle class. Although widely regarded as a pro-Kremlin party, it has already found itself in opposition to the presidential administration on several occasions.
History.
Creation.
Right Cause was founded in November 2008 as a merger of three parties: Union of Rightist Forces (SPS), Civilian Power and Democratic Party of Russia. The SPS and Civilian Power were both regarded as liberal parties, supporting free market reforms, protection of private property and a decentralized federal government. The Democratic Party also supported liberal values, but its programme was more conservative and nationalistic.
By 2008, the three parties were all in a state of decline. While SPS had achieved 8.7% of votes in the 1999 Duma elections, in the 2007 it only received 0.96%. Support for the Democratic Party (0.13%) and Civilian Power (1.05%) in the 2007 election was also low. The SPS—highly critical of Vladimir Putin and United Russia in its 2007 election campaign—was losing voters because Putin had adopted many of the market reforms championed by SPS, and also because companies started to withdraw their financial support from the party. With falling support and votes being lost to United Russia, the three parties, among others, considered mergers in order to survive. The decision to initiate the merger was made in October 2008, and in November the unification was completed. The new party, called Right Cause, was officially registered in 18 February 2009. The party's creation was supported by the presidential administration of Dmitry Medvedev.
The merger was opposed by SPS founding member and former Deputy Prime Minister Boris Nemtsov, who believed the new party would not offer true political opposition, while another SPS founding member Anatoly Chubais, widely considered architect of Russia's privatization programme, voiced strong support for the merger, saying that "a political party is one that participates in elections with chances to win."
Controversy.
Despite allegations the party is too close to the Kremlin be a real opposition party, Right Cause has already been involved in controversy, finding itself in opposition to the authorities. In January 2009, an arrest warrant was issued for Yevgeny Chichvarkin, founder of leading mobile phone retailer Yevroset and anticipated head of Right Cause for the Moscow region. The warrant was issued in absentia, as Chichvarkin is currently in London, England. Right Cause set up a website, Chichvarkin.info, to proclaim its support for Chichvarkin, and according to "The Moscow Times", the party suggests that the legal action is "an example of the authorities unjustly targeting business."
First elections.
The first major election where Right Cause took part was the Moscow City Duma elections in October 2009. The party was predicted to receive between 5-8% of the vote, but only managed to register one candidate, who was soundly defeated. Many commentators that assumed that this was part of an effort by city officials of Yury Luzhkov's administration to restrict the chances of opposition parties, many Right Cause members blamed the party leadership for not properly organizing the registration and campaign.
Current status.
The party currently has representation in several city legislatures, but lacks representation on the regional level. According to a survey conducted in March 2008, less than 2% of the Russian population are loyalists of the party. In April 2011, support for Right Cause was 2.9%. The party's performance has been a disappointment, with analysts attributing its low popularity to a lack of a charismatic leader.
In May, 2011, the billionaire businessman Mikhail Prokhorov announced a plan to join the leadership of the Right Cause. Prohkorov has promised to make Right Cause Russia's second largest party on a pro-business platform that will "totally transform" the country. In a television interview, Prokhorov said: "we have got to return to a 14 percent tax, leave small business alone, simplify paperwork and let small business work in peace ... I think we won't recognize the country in five to 10 years." On June 25, 2011, Prokhorov was elected to the leadership of the party at the Right Cause Party Congress of 2011. At the acceptance ceremony, Prokhorov officially criticized the present ruling tandem of Medvedev-Putin, the structure of Russia, and vowed to bring Russia back to a stable development course. In September, 2011, Prokhorov said he had quit Right Cause, "condemning it as a 'puppet Kremlin party' micromanaged by a 'puppet master' in the president’s office ..., Vladislav Y. Surkov," according to a report in "The New York Times".
On 23 September 2011, the International Democrat Union suspended the associate member status of the Right Cause, lamenting that the party was under "direct control" of the Kremlin and all "liberal voices" had been silenced. Instead, the re-founded Union of Rightist Forces was made a new associate member.
Party platform.
Right Cause positions itself as a pro-business party in favour of free market reforms, privatization, and protecting the interests of the middle class. The party supports "a broad application of the elective principle", including direct elections of mayors and a gradual return to elections of regional governors. It also supports lowering the threshold for election into the State Duma from 7% to 5%. The party platform calls for more control to the legislative branch over the executive branch, openness and transparency in the government, and freedom of information. In the economy, the party supports a model entitled "Capitalism for All", which emphasizes developing domestic demand as the main prerequisite for economic diversification, modernization, and the growth of domestic production. The main stimulus for the economy should not be cheap labour, but high income levels.
According to a 2008 research by Colton, Hale and McFaul, the main policy stances associated with the party by the electorate are liberal economy, pro-Westernism and democracy.

</doc>
<doc id="20224340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224340" title="Puñal">
Puñal

Puñal is a city in Santiago de los Caballeros. Puñal became rural section of the municipality of Santiago de los Caballeros in 1937, comprising the spots: Guayabal, Matanzas y Laguna Prieta. In February of the year 2006 the rural section of Puñal was high to category of municipality, by means of the Law 145-06. Remained comprising the district municipal Guayabal y Canabacoa, with its respective sections and spots, and by the Arenoso, La Javilla y Matanzas.

</doc>
<doc id="20224342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224342" title="Steven W. Cappelli">
Steven W. Cappelli

Steven W. Cappelli was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 83rd District for four terms from 2001 to 2009. He and his wife live in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. He did not run for reelection to the Pennsylvania House in 2008, choosing to instead run for the Republican party nomination for State Senator in the 23rd District. Cappelli lost the primary to Eugene Yaw, who was elected to the State Senate in the November 2008 General Election. Cappelli was succeeded in the Pennsylvania House by Democrat Richard Mirabito.
In February, 2009 he accepted a position as a regional vice president with Henry Dunn Inc headquartered in Towanda, PA. In May 2010 he narrowly lost the Republican nomination for the 83rd District of the Pennsylvania House, with 2,904 votes to David Huffman's 3,086. Capelli said of his loss "It's probably the end of my elected public office career, I don't see myself running for office in the future."

</doc>
<doc id="20224359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224359" title="Soutzouki">
Soutzouki

Soutzouki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20224363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224363" title="Papyrus 101">
Papyrus 101

Papyrus 101 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_1101, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of Matthew. The surviving texts of Matthew are verses 3:10-12; 3:16-4:3, they are in a fragmentary condition. The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the 3rd century.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. 
The manuscript is currently housed at the Sackler Library (Papyrology Rooms, P. Oxy. 4401) at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20224386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224386" title="Jerry L. Nailor">
Jerry L. Nailor

Jerry L. Nailor was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 88th District from 1989 until his retirement in 2008, prior to the 2008 election and was succeeded by Republican Sheryl M. Delozier. He and his wife live in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20224388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224388" title="Vladimir Tkachenko">
Vladimir Tkachenko

Vladimir Pyotrovich Tkachenko (; born September 20, 1957 in Golovinka, Soviet Union) is a retired Ukrainian professional basketball player. Tkachenko won two Olympic basketball medals and three FIBA World Championship medals with the Soviet Union national basketball team in a career that lasted 16 years. He was named both the Euroscar and the Mr. Europa European Player of the Year in 1979.
Pro career.
Tkachenko, a , center, was a great defensive player. He could block out 2-3 opponents to give teammates a chance to grab a rebound. His offensive ability was important, too, as his post up moves were basic but effective and his shooting was good for a player of his size, with a range of approximately 17 feet.
Tkachenko began playing for Stroitel Kiev in the 1973-74 season, when he was 16 years old. He continued to play for them through the 1980-81 season. In 1983, he began playing for CSKA Moscow and he stayed there until his retirement after the 1988-89 season.
Soviet Union national team.
From 1976 to 1987, Tkachenko played on the Soviet Union national basketball team, participating in many European Championship and FIBA World Championship competitions. Highlights would include the two bronze medals at the 1976 Olympics Basketball Tournament and at the 1980 Olympics Basketball Tournament, the gold medal at the 1982 FIBA World Championship (also silver medals at the 1978 FIBA World Championship and the 1986 FIBA World Championship) as well as three gold medals at the European Championship: at the 1979 European Championship, the 1981 European Championship, and the 1985 European Championship (also silvers at the 1977 European Championship and the 1987 European Championship).

</doc>
<doc id="20224395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224395" title="Composite print">
Composite print

A composite print is a print of a motion picture in which both sound and picture have been printed alongside each other on the film. Before a motion picture is actually released, it consists of several components, one containing the visual image, one containing the sound as recorded on-set, another containing the musical score, another containing sound effects, etc. All of these are eventually blended and printed together into a composite print. 
During the 1950s and 1960s, some movie spectacles, especially those in Cinerama, would have the sound and picture perfectly synchronized, but running on separate machines. This was necessary in three-strip Cinerama because the image consisted of three films each forming a part of a gigantic picture, projected on a huge, deeply curved screen. The seven-track sound was recorded on magnetic tape, which ran simultaneously with the three projectors.
In the case of some films, such as the world premiere engagement of "Carousel", which was made in CinemaScope 55, a six-track soundtrack could not be accommodated on the film, so the sound was played on an interlocking tape machine. The general release of the film did use the standard four-track stereo soundtrack, printed alongside the visual image on the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20224403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224403" title="John Sumegi">
John Sumegi

John Sumegi (born 27 October 1954) is an Australian flatwater canoer who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the K-1 500 m event at Moscow in 1980.
Sumegi also won a silver medal in the K-1 500 m event at the 1979 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Duisburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20224412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224412" title="Carole A. Rubley">
Carole A. Rubley

Carole A. Rubley is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. She represented the 157th District from 1993 until her retirement in 2009. She and her husband have 2 children. She retired prior to the 2008 election and was succeeded by Democrat Paul Drucker.

</doc>
<doc id="20224416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224416" title="Kthellë">
Kthellë

Kthellë is a municipality in the Mirditë District, Lezhë County, northwestern Albania. The largest village in the municipality is Perlat. 
Notable people.
Pjetër Perlati, commander of the League of Lezhë

</doc>
<doc id="20224417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224417" title="Las Vegas Grand Prix">
Las Vegas Grand Prix

Las Vegas Grand Prix may refer to several auto races held in the Las Vegas Valley:

</doc>
<doc id="20224421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224421" title="Wrapper function">
Wrapper function

A wrapper function is a function in a computer program whose main purpose is to call a second function with little or no additional computation. This is also known as method delegation. Wrapper functions can be used for a number of purposes.
Adapting class/object interfaces.
Wrapper functions can be used to adapt an existing class or object to have a different interface. This is especially useful when using existing library code.
Code testing.
Wrapper functions can be used to write error checking routines for pre-existing system functions without increasing the length of a code by a large amount by repeating the same error check for each call to the function. All calls to the original function can be replaced with calls to the wrapper, allowing the programmer to forget about error checking once the wrapper is written.
A test driver is a kind of wrapper function that exercises a code module, typically calling it repeatedly, with different settings or parameters, in order to rigorously pursue each possible path. It is not deliverable code, but is not throwaway code either, being typically retained for use in regression testing.
An interface adaptor is a kind of wrapper function that simplifies, tailors, or amplifies the interface to a code module, with the intent of making it more intelligible or relevant to the user. It may rename parameters, combine parameters, set defaults for parameters, and the like.
Multiple inheritance.
In a programming language that does not support multiple inheritance of base classes, wrapper functions can be used to simulate it. Below is an example of part of a Java class that "inherits" from LinkedList and HashSet.
Programming convenience.
Wrapper functions can be used to make writing computer programs easier. An example of this is the MouseAdapter and similar classes in the Java AWT library.
Wrapper functions are useful in the development of applications that use third party library functions. A wrapper can be written for each of the third party functions and used in the native application. In case the third party functions change or are updated, only the wrappers in the native application needs to be modified as opposed to changing all instances of third party functions in the native application.
Library functions and system calls.
Many library functions, such those in the C Standard Library, act as interfaces for abstraction of system calls. The "fork" and "execve" functions in glibc are examples of this. They call the lower-level "fork" and "execve" system calls, respectively.
This may lead to incorrectly using the terms "system call" and "syscall" to refer to higher-level library calls rather than the similarly named system calls, which they wrap.

</doc>
<doc id="20224427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224427" title="Moustalevria">
Moustalevria

Mustalevria ( or mustopita (μουστόπιτα) is a sort of pudding made of grape must mixed with flour and boiled until thick. It may also include almonds, walnuts, and other nuts.
Grape must is the juice from pressed grapes before fermentation, and is often used as a sweetener in traditional bread recipes, as well as in the preparation of desserts and candy. This grape must pie is a favorite, especially popular at grape harvest season when the must is fresh.

</doc>
<doc id="20224435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224435" title="Tegula pulligo">
Tegula pulligo

Tegula pulligo, common name the dusky tegula, is a species of medium-sized sea snail with gills and an operculum, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tegulidae. 
This is an Eastern Pacific Ocean species.
Description.
The size of the shell varies between 19 mm and 41 mm. The solid shell is deeply and widely umbilicate. It has a conical shape with an elevated spire. Its color is dull purplish or brown, when worn often orange, obliquely streaked with white or unicolored. The seven whorls are flattened, the upper ones finely spirally striate and sometimes very obsoletely plicate. The remainder is smooth, obliquely finely striate. The base of the shell is flattened, slightly convex, obliquely streaked, concave and white around the umbilicus. The body whorl is bluntly angled at the periphery. The aperture is very oblique, smaller than usual in this genus. The thin columella is obtusely dentate, ending above in a white callus which partly covers the umbilicus. There is no spiral ridge within the umbilicus.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean from Alaska to Baja California, Mexico.
It is usually found on kelp; once it falls to the bottom, it is easy prey for a number of predators, including sea stars, whelks, and octopus.

</doc>
<doc id="20224447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224447" title="Alfa Romeo 2000 Sportiva">
Alfa Romeo 2000 Sportiva

The Alfa Romeo 2000 Sportiva is 2 litre sports car developed in the early 1950s. It was designed by Franco Scaglione from Bertone, two coupes and two roadsters (1900 Sport Spider) were made.
The car was intended to go mass production but that never happened and Giulietta Sprint took its space as more mainstream mass production car. The 2000 Sportiva has 2 liter engine fed with two twin side Weber draft carburettors producing , that gave top speed of .
The all aluminum body sits in spaceframe chassis (seen also in Disco Volante) and the suspension has De Dion axle at the rear.

</doc>
<doc id="20224449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224449" title="Mark Warkentien">
Mark Warkentien

Mark Warkentien (born April 16, 1953 in Huntington, Indiana) was the general manager of the Denver Nuggets of the NBA. He was named as Vice President of Basketball Operations for the Nuggets on September 7, 2006. He was hired by the New York Knicks on January 30, 2011 as a Consultant to the president of basketball operations Donnie Walsh.
Career.
He was elevated to Vice President of Basketball Operations in 2006, replacing the released Kiki Vandeweghe shortly after the season ended. In his time in Denver he made two blockbuster deals, one involving the Philadelphia 76ers which sent Andre Miller to Philadelphia for Allen Iverson, and the second transaction sending Iverson to Detroit to return Denver native Chauncey Billups home.
Before his current position, he was in the front office of the Cleveland Cavaliers as Director of Player Personnel and then became the interim GM for the latter half of the 2004-05 season. Before working for Cleveland, Warkentien worked for the Portland Trail Blazers for ten seasons. During his time in Portland, Warkentien held many positions. He was a scout, then promoted to Director of Scouting and the became assistant general manager for the Portland Trail Blazers from 1998-2003 and spent the next season as Director of Player Personnel.
His NBA career began in 1991 with the former Seattle SuperSonics, where he spent three years as scout.
He also coached several Southern California college basketball teams, before joining Jerry Tarkanian's coaching staff as an assistant at UNLV.
In March 2009 Warkentien was mentioned in Sports Illustrated's as mid-seasons Executive of the Year and again in April 2009
He won the NBA Executive of the Year Award for the 2008–09 NBA season. His transactions included sending Allen Iverson to the Detroit Pistons for Chauncey Billups, and signing free-agent Chris Andersen, while moving the Nuggets under the luxury tax at the same time.
On August 3, 2010, the Nuggets declined to extend Warkentien's contract, ending his four-year association with the team.
On January 30, 2011 The New York Knicks agreed to hire Warkentien as a high-level consultant.
Personal life.
Warkentien graduated from Cal-State Fullerton as a part of the school's 1976 graduating class. Warkentien is married to the former Maureen Trivisonno and has 2 daughters, Kreigh Dannette and Aubrie Jane. 
Warkentien's daughter Kreigh appears to be following in her father's footsteps. Kreigh was recently named the Director of Basketball Operations at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas ...the same school where her dad coached prior to coaching in the NBA.

</doc>
<doc id="20224452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224452" title="George T. Kenney">
George T. Kenney

George T. Kenney Jr. was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, who represented the 170th District from 1985 to 2008. He and his wife live in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and have 5 children. He retired prior to the 2008 election and was succeeded by Democrat Brendan F. Boyle.

</doc>
<doc id="20224463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224463" title="Stefan Dimle">
Stefan Dimle

Stefan Dimle (born 7 June 1967 in Köping, Sweden) is the bassplayer in the progressive band Morte Macabre and he is a former member of Landberk and Paatos. He is the driving force in the company Mellotronen who also is the organiser of the floating rock festival named the Melloboat which are held aboard the ship Galaxy. Mellotronen runs the community Mello-Club at a café in Stockholm.
During the 1980s was Stefan Dimle member of several local rock bands in his former hometown Borlänge. One of the bands was Kajuku. Some members from that band are currently in Opeth and Anekdoten. 1986 did Stefan Dimle start the rock club Mellotronen in Borlänge. The company existed on a parallel basis in Stockholm and Borlänge. The shop had a huge section of rare and hard to find CDs & LPs in the field of progressive rock . Mellotronen became an important headquarter for musicians and fans of progressive rock during the 1990s. The shop Mellotronen where located on the fashionable street Kåkbrinken in Gamla Stan in the center of Stockholm. Nowadays one can find Dimle and his company in the city of Gustavsberg.
Stefan Dimle was a member of the band Landberk between 1990-1997. They recorded three albums and two EPs on various record labels like Record Heaven, Mega Rock and the American label Laser's Edge. The progressive rock groups Landberk, Änglagård and Anekdoten co-operated a lot, and all three of them used the instrument Mellotron as a main instrument. These three groups led the way for many new bands in the progressive genre. All three of them were famous on an international level.
The label Mellotronen started 1991 with a CD reissue of Solid Grounds debut album from 1976. Since then has Dimle released around 50 different CD and vinyl albums. The latest ones are a double-CD with Trettioåriga Kriget and two albums with Sabu Martinez. Dimle and Mellotronen has co-operated a lot with labels like Universal, The National Swedish Radio, MNW, Sony and EMI.
Together with members from Landberk and Anekdoten, Dimle started the project Morte Macabre, who has made a career in film circuits with their repertoire of new versions of old soundtracks from mainly Italian horror movies. The band Paatos started in 1999 and Dimle performed with them til 2008. Paatos has released four albums and 7" inch vinyl single. Dimle has also performed with Emma Nordenstam, And the machine said behold, Turid and Onkel Kånkel and his kånkelbär.
In January 2007 organised Dimle a rock festival on board the ship Silja Festival to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the Mellotronen company. Among the many artists that performed on board can the following ones be mentioned, Fläsket Brinner, November, Asoka, Morte Macabre, Solid Ground and Emma Nordenstam. In March 2008 was it time for a 2nd rock cruise on the ship Silja Symphony. Many people came to see bands like Opeth, Katatonia and Comus. In April 2009 the third rock cruise was supposed to take place with the destination Finland, this time on board the M/S Galaxy. However, a few months before the date Dimle announced that Melloboat 2009 had been cancelled. Among the many artist that was supposed to perform on the cruise was Meshuggah, May Blitz and Steven Wilson.

</doc>
<doc id="20224466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224466" title="British Grove Studios">
British Grove Studios

British Grove Studios is a recording studio located at 20 British Grove in Chiswick, West London, owned by musician Mark Knopfler. 
British Grove Studios was built by Mark Knopfler as "a monument to past and future technology". It has two studios. Alongside modern technology, the equipment includes two old EMI mixing consoles: a very rare tube desk from the 1960s like the ones used by George Martin and The Beatles and a later console on which the album Band on the Run was recorded. The large console in studio one is a custom-made Neve 88R, while the console in studio two is an API Legacy. The main speakers are ATC monitors in a 5.1 configuration. Specifically, the full-range models are ATC SCM 300ASL (300A) mounted in standard left-center-right configuration, with two more 300As on a unique track system for surround. Dual ATC SCM0.1/15ASL PRO (Sub 1/15) subwoofers alongside the left and right mains provide the LFE monitoring.
In February 2009, British Grove Studio was the winner of the Music Producers Guild Award for 'Best Studio'.
Recordings.
The following albums were recorded at British Grove Studios:

</doc>
<doc id="20224479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224479" title="Carl W. Mantz">
Carl W. Mantz

Carl W. Mantz was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 187th District since 2007. He lives in Kutztown, Pennsylvania. He retired prior to the 2008 election and was succeeded by Republican Gary Day.
Prior to elective office, Mantz was president of the Kutztown Borough Council and a former Assistant District Attorney.

</doc>
<doc id="20224498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224498" title="11A">
11A

11A may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="20224502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224502" title="Armando Montelongo">
Armando Montelongo

Armando Montelongo, Jr. is an American real estate entrepreneur and public speaker, best known for his role on the A&E reality TV show "Flip This House". He is the founder of a national real estate investment seminar company called Armando Montelongo Companies. In 2012, Montelongo established his company headquarters in San Antonio, Texas. Armando continues to invest heavily in real estate while holding seminars in several cities weekly, and personally conducting nine three-day seminars annually.
Career.
Entertainment.
After the first season controversy of the "Flip This House" cast, the second season was recast with Montelongo's team from San Antonio and another from Atlanta. Along with his wife Veronica, Brent Holt, and Randy Burch they were known as the San Antonio Team on the A&E show. He was on the show for three seasons.
In 2011, Montelongo formed a film production company, Armando Montelongo Productions, to produce a feature film called "Line of Duty". Described as an "urban crime drama", the movie was set and filmed in San Antonio. "Line of Duty" was written and directed by San Antonio native Bryan Ramirez, and featured actors Jeremy Ray Valdez, Will Rothhaar, Walter Perez, Joseph Julian Soria, Will Estes, Vivica A. Fox, Fernanda Romero and Jesse Borrego. Montelongo served as the film's executive producer. The estimated $2.5 million-budget film premiered in February 2013, with theatrical release in September and DVD release slated for December 2013.
Awards.
In August 2011, the Armando Montelongo Companies were recognized on the Inc. 500 list of the fastest-growing companies in the United States, ranking No. 19. It was the No. 1 education company on the list, and Montelongo was ranked as the No. 2 Hispanic business owner.
Other businesses.
Montelongo moved back to his hometown of San Antonio, Texas, from California in 2001 and launched a career as a real estate investor. He began offering real estate seminars in 2005 and started Armando Montelongo Seminars in 2008. It is part of the Armando Montelongo Companies. The free seminars are offered nationwide on multiple days in multiple cities, primarily by representatives of the company. The free seminars include information on the company's $1,500 three-day workshop as well as for a $25,000 in-person training workshop with Armando Montelongo. In 2011 the seminars company was investigated by the state of Texas attorney general's office. Montelongo settled the case with no admittance of wrongdoing and signed an "Assurance of Voluntary Compliance" outlining 20 conditions that must be met to continue marketing the seminars, including refraining from any false claims and that the seminars are primarily a vehicle to sells goods and services.
Montelongo is the author of the book "Flip and Grow Rich". The book takes lessons from his personal and professional life, including his time on "Flip This House", and incorporates them into an educational program for real estate investors.
In May 2010, Montelongo sponsored an Indy 500 race car with Conquest Racing. The driver, Mario Romancini, finished 13th, which placed him as the fastest rookie of the year. One year later, he sponsored another car with Conquest Racing, driven by Pippa Mann.

</doc>
<doc id="20224528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224528" title="Ghadam-Ali Sarami">
Ghadam-Ali Sarami

Ghadam Ali Sarami is an Iranian author and poet. He was born in Ramhormoz, a small town in southwest of Iran. He received a Ph.D. in Persian Language & Literature from University of Tehran, Tehran, Iran in 1968. He is an associate professor of Persian Literature and language at Zanjan University. He is an expert in Ferdowsi’s Shahnameh (The Epic Book of Kings), Bayhaghi’s History, and Hafiz, Sa’di, Rumi and other masters of Persian literature and poetry.
Teaching experience.
Since 1974, he has been teaching courses in Persian literature, children’s literature, children’s drama, and creative management at several colleges and institutes of higher education of Iran on non-tenure track basis. 
Prior to the 1979 Iran revolution, he taught at the Tehran Higher Institute of Foreign Languages and Literature, and the Tehran Higher Institute of Business Administration for four years. Since 1979, he has been teaching undergraduate, graduate and postgraduate courses at the University of Tehran’s College of Fine Arts, Shahid Beheshti University (formerly National University), and Azad University. Before the 1979 Iranian revolution, he also taught at the National Center for Educating Gifted and Talented Children and Youth. 
Presently, he is teaching at Zanjan and Sanandaj Universities. He teaches graduate level courses in Persian Literature such as Ferdowsi’s Shahnameh (The Epic of Kings), Bayhaghi’s History, and courses Hafiz, Sa’di, Rumi and other masters of Persian literature and poetry. In addition, since 1992 he has been the thesis adviser of numerous post graduate students.
In addition to teaching Persian literature and language, he has extensive experience in the field of youth and children’s literature, children drama, and child psychology and pedagogy. 
He has also developed a course of music studies for children and has been a member of the music council of the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting, IRIB, in 1987 and 1988.
Other experience.
In the 1970s and prior to the 1979 revolution, he was the director of Center for Research on Creative Work of Children and Young Adults. This Center was part of The Institute for the Intellectual Development of Children and Young Adults. (This institute runs all of the public libraries for children in Iran and also offers various art and literature workshops and training courses for children and young adults).
Books.
The Four Seasons of I-Do-Love-You. Tehran, Iran: Elm Publications, Spring 2008.
From Never to Ever (A collection of Twenty Literary and Cultural Articles). Tehran, Iran: Tarfand Publications 2004.
The Seeds of Carrots. Tehran, Iran: Tirgaan Publications, 2003.
Until the Birth of Morning We Must Sing (A Collection of Poems). Tehran, Iran: Hadeeth Publications 2003.
The Bathhouse of Colors. Tehran, Iran: Tarfand Publications: 2003.
Simorgh and the Sun. Tehran, Iran: Tarfand publications 2002.
The Magic Spoon. Tehran, Iran: Tarfand Publications, 2002.
Clear and Easy as Water, (A collection of Poems Composed for My Youngest Daughter). Tehran, Iran: Nikan Ketab Publications, 2001.
Five Articles on Children’s Literature. Tehran, Iran: Tarfand Publications, 2001.
Solomon's Rug. Tehran, Iran: Ruzegar Publications, 1999.
The Complete Works of Hafiz, editor, Tehran, Iran: Hessamzadeh Publications, 1996.
From Two Points to Everything: A collection of Poems, Tehran, Iran: Mashyaneh Publications, 1995.
Az Khaak taa Aflaak (From Earth to Heaven): A survey of sonnets and masnavis of Mowlana Jalaleddin Balkhi (Rumi). Tehran, Iran: Chapar-e Farzanegan Publications, 1991.
The Green Legend (A children Story), Tehran, Iran: Shifteh Publications, 1991.
The Red Balloon (A children Story), Tehran, Iran: Ehya-ye Ketab Publications, 1991.
A Boy Who Knew Three Languages (A children Story), Tehran, Iran: Kavir Publications, 1991.
Fireflies, Silver Bowl and I, a story for children. Tehran, Iran: (Shifteh Publications, 1990). This book was published twice in the same year. In addition, it has been translated to English, French, German, Hindi, Italian, Romanian languages in order to be published internationally.
Sweeter Than Flight, a poem for children, Tehran, Iran: Published by The Institute for the Intellectual Development of Children and Young Adults, 1988. The Council of the Children’s Books selected it as the Best Book of the Year, and the writer received the special plaque as well as a cash prize. In addition, the story was turned into a puppet show that was performed in the City Theater by Mrs. Marziyyeh Mahboob.
From the Color of Flower to the Sting of Thorn: The morphology of the tales of Shahnameh. Tehran, Iran: Elmi-Farhangi Publications, 1982, 1994 and 2000. This book was selected as the only admirable book in literature by the Council of The Best Book of The Year of the Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance.
Parting, a story for children based on a folkloric tale, Tehran, Iran: Published by The Institute for the Intellectual Development of Children and Young Adults, 1979. The ninth edition is scarce. Altogether, 210,000 copies have been distributed. The Institute has translated and published this work in English, Arabic, Turkish, Kurdish, and Baluchi.
A Tale of Friendship, a story for children, Tehran, Iran: Published by The Institute for the Intellectual Development of Children and Young Adults, 1976. The sixth edition of this book scarce.
With This Crimson Silence, Tehran, Iran: Safialishah Publishing Agency, 1967 and 1975. This book is a collection of my poems the sale of which was banned in both years.
The Smile of Desire, (Navaye Mellat Publications, Ahvaz, Iran 1963). This book is a collection of the poems I composed in my teens. The introduction was written by Dr. Mohammad E. Bastani-Parizi and my professor Dr. Majdoddin Kayvani.
Poems, Stories and Articles.
In addition to the above, he has published hundreds of poems, stories, and articles in the newspapers, literary journals and anthologies. The following is a selected list.
Articles on Literary Criticism.
1. Criticism on the poetry of Parvin E’tesami, Mirzadeh Eshgi, and Aref Qazvini, published in Ettela’at newspaper in 1976-1977.
2. “The Bird in Whose Nest I Found the Key to the Garden,” a criticism on the Persian poems of Ighbal Lahuri, published in Pishgam Magazine, 1976.
3. A criticism on The Art of Loving by Erich Fromm, published in Pishgam Magazine, 1976.
4. A criticism on Jonathan Livingston Seagull: A Story by Richard Bach. Published in Pishgam Magazine.
5. A criticism on Nima Yushig's poetry, published in the Ettela’at Newspaper, 1975.
6. A criticism on From Saba to Nima by Yahya Arianpour, published in Ettela’at newspaper. In the preface to the next edition of his book, the author declared that this was the best criticism the literary world had ever seen. 
7. A criticism on Reza Davari’s critique of The Rey Philosopher by Mahdi Mohaghegh. Published in Ferdowsi Journal of Arts and Literature in 1965.
8. “Resurrection of Sonnet,” a criticism on the poems of Simin Behbahani. Published twice in two separate issues of Ferdowsi Journal of Arts and Literature.
Articles on Literature and Culture.
1. “Poverty Store,” an introduction to Masnavi-e Mowlavi by Mowlana Jalaleddin Balkhi (Rumi), Behzad Publications, (1991).
2. “From Watching to Versifying,” a new look at the complete works of Sa’di, published in Tahghighat-e Eslami Journal. 
3. “From Never to Ever,” a review of the Tazkarat-al-Owlia by Attar-e Neyshaburi, published in Tahghighat-e Eslami Journal.
4. “A Glance at the Iranian Games in the Past,” Puyeh Magazine, a special edition published by The Institute for the Intellectual Development of Children and Young Adults.
5. “Participation of Children in the Ancient Literature of Iran,” Quarterly of The Institute for the Intellectual Development of Children and Young Adults. 
6. “A Skim Through the Lullabies of Iran and The World,” Puyesh Magazine, No. 1.
7. “Visiting Abu Reyhan-e Biruni,” Tehran Mosavar Magazine, 1977. 
8. “A World Sitting in a Corner,” published in Karname-ye Zarrin, edited by A. Dehbashi. A collection of articles written by Iranian scholars and dedicated to the subject of life and works of the famous literary scholar, Dr. Abdol Hossein Zarrinkub.
Other creative work.
Audio Recordings.
In commemoration of the millennium anniversary of the composing of Shahnameh, he wrote the script of an audio tape titled “Sug-e Sohrab” (Mourning Sohrab). The composer of the music was Mr. Hossein Yussef-Zamani. The tape was distributed at the time of the commemoration.
Filmstrips.
During his years of employment at the Institute for the Intellectual Development of Children and Young Adults, he authored a total of sixteen filmstrips. These were made into films and the films were distributed to all branch libraries of the Institute nationwide. The following is a selected list:
1. “Musician Cypress,” based on the story of Barbad in Shahnameh.
2. “Suspending in the Air,” based on the story of Akvan-e Div in Shahnameh.
3. “Rustam and Esfandiar,” based on the story of Rustam and Esfandiar in Shahnemeh.
4. “Rainbow of Images,” an extract from lines of Shahnameh.
5. “The Star in the Sky of Literature,” based on Parvin E’tesami’s poetry. This filmstrip has been published as a book.
6. “The Tree of Wishes,” a fictional story in verse and prose.
7. “How Many Apricots Are There in the World?” A fictional story in prose.
8. “The Queen of Flowers” (prose), based on a folkloric tale. 
9. “Red-Scarved Child” (verse), based on a folkloric tale.
10. “Ivory Chamber” (prose), based on a folkloric tale.
11. “The Hundredth Gold” (prose), based on a folkloric tale.
Plays and Works for the Stage.
1. Hejamatian, a play for young adults. Performed before the revolution.
2. Ghu-Ghu-Li-Ghu-Ghu (Cock-a-doodle-doo), a play for children. Distributed as a video tape.
3. Sweeter Than Flight, a puppet show based on the book by that title. Performed in the City Theater. Directed by Mrs. Marziyeh Mahboob.
Radio Lectures.
Ten lectures on cultural and literary subject matters delivered in Pahneye Kherad program of Khorasan Radio.
Television Programs.
In 1976, I wrote the filmstrips of two television series:
“Listen to the Reed Pipe,” a program introducing Iranian poets to the public.
“The City of the Sun,” a program of review and criticism of the latest published books. 

</doc>
<doc id="20224530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224530" title="Edward P. Wojnaroski">
Edward P. Wojnaroski

Edward P. Wojnaroski, Sr. is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 71st District since 1997. He and his wife live in Johnstown, Pennsylvania and have 1 child. He retired prior to the 2008 election and was succeeded by Democrat Bryan Barbin.

</doc>
<doc id="20224542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224542" title="Lars-Erik Moberg">
Lars-Erik Moberg

Lars-Erik Moberg (born August 7, 1957 in Katrineholm) is a Swedish sprint canoer who competed in the 1980s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won three silver medals at Los Angeles in 1984 by earning them in the K-1 500 m, K-2 500 m, and K-4 500 m events.
Möberg also won eight medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (K-4 1000 m: 1982, 1985), two silvers (K-4 500 m: 1981, K-4 1000 m: 1987), and four bronzes (K-1 500 m: 1982, 1983; K-4 500 m: 1982, 1985).

</doc>
<doc id="20224544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224544" title="Gregorio Sablan">
Gregorio Sablan

Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan (born January 19, 1955) is a Northern Mariana politician and former election commission director. Sablan was elected in 2008 as the first nonvoting delegate to the United States House of Representatives from the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. The CNMI is the last insular area of the United States of America to receive a nonvoting delegate to Congress, and is the last jurisdiction of the United States to receive representation in Congress. 
Sablan, who was elected as an independent, caucused with the Democrats in the House of Representatives. In February 2009, Sablan became a Democrat. He became the only Chamorro member of Congress when he assumed office in January 2009. He easily won reelection on November 2, 2010.
Early life and education.
Sablan was born in Saipan, capital of the CNMI, on January 19, 1955. He was the only son of seven children. He grew up in an extended family, spending much time with his grandparents. His father was an employee of Bank of America. His uncle was the mayor of Saipan. 
At the age of eleven, Sablan began boarding at Xavier High School, a Jesuit school in Chuuk in the Federated States of Micronesia, then administered by the United States. He then returned to Saipan, where he graduated from Marianas High School. At the age of sixteen, Sablan began attending the University of Guam, then transferring to the University of California at Berkeley. However, he dropped out of college when his father lost his job. Upon returning to Saipan, Sablan married and then had three children. He later attended the University of Hawaii at Manoa from 1989 until 1990, but did not graduate.
Sablan is married to Andrea, a Filipino American, and has six children and five grandchildren.
Early political career.
Sablan was elected two terms in the Northern Mariana Islands Commonwealth Legislature in the from 1982 until 1986. He served in the legislature as a Democrat. Sablan was selected as a special representative to hold talks with the United States Assistant Secretary of the Interior to negotiate federal assistance for the CNMI during his tenure in office.
He retired from the Commonwealth Legislature to become Special Assistant to Daniel Inouye, a U.S. Senator from Hawaii during the late 1980s. After this he briefly returned to college before returning to the CNMI to serve as Special Assistant for Management and Budget in the administration of Froilan Tenorio. He later served as a Special Assistant in the administration of Pedro P. Tenorio before being appointed Executive Director of the Commonwealth Election Commission, a position in which he served until he filed to run for delegate.
Delegate to the House of Representatives.
Background.
For thirty years, since 1978, the citizens of the CNMI elected a Resident Representative, commonly known as Washington representative, an office established by Article V of the Constitution of the Northern Mariana Islands for the purpose of representing the CNMI in the United States capital and performing related official duties established by CNMI law. 
In 2008, the Consolidated Natural Resources Act of 2008, signed into law by President George W. Bush, replaced the position of Resident Representative with a nonvoting delegate to the House of Representatives. The other United States insular areas, Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico, already had nonvoting delegates to Congress. The new official has the power to serve in congressional committees, to introduce bills, and to vote on proposed legislation in committee, but has limited powers on the House floor, lacking the right to vote on legislation on the House floor. 
The election of the first delegate was set for November 4, 2008. It was the only contest on the ballot because local elections in the CNMI traditionally occur in odd-numbered years and residents of the CNMI do not have the right to vote in United States presidential elections.
2008 election.
Sitting Resident Representative Pedro A. Tenorio, a Republican, announced his candidacy for the new office. David Cing, a former member of the Northern Mariana Islands Senate, received the nomination of the Democratic Party of the Northern Mariana Islands, which is not officially affiliated with the national Democratic Party. Seven independents also ran for the office, including Sablan. Although Sablan was traditionally affiliated with the Democratic Party, he chose to run as an independent. 
In the CNMI's first federal election, fewer than 13,000 people registered to vote in the election, and 79 percent of those actually voted in the election.
During the campaign, Sablan said that as delegate, he would seek to bring more federal funding for education, more federal funding for healthcare, and federal funding for a more productive search for effective alternative energy sources to the CNMI. He also said that as delegate he will introduce and pursue passage of submerged lands legislation that would give the CNMI economic rights and regulation for submerged lands and waters out 200 miles from the islands. He also supports federal funding for a United States Coast Guard station in the CNMI, although one already exists in neighboring Guam. 
Sablan was elected the CNMI's first delegate to the House of Representatives on November 4, 2008, receiving 2,474 votes, or 23% of the vote. He defeated Tenorio, who received 20%, by only 357 votes. Other close competitors included fellow independents John Gonzales, who received 18.73% of the vote, and Juan Lizama, who received 17.34%.
2010 Election
In a four-way race, Sablan received 4,896 votes (43%) defeating the Covenant Party’s Joe Camacho (2,744), the Republican’s Party former Governor Juan Babauta (1,978) and Democrat former Lieutenant Governor Jesus Borja (1,707) in the 2010 general election. http://votecnmi.gov.mp/2010electionresults.php
2012 Election
Sablan received 9,829 votes (79.7%) of the votes to Republican Ignacia T. Demapan’s 2,503 votes in the November 2012 general election. The election result is considered historic as Sablan is the first political candidate who recorded such a high winning total over an opponent. http://www.saipantribune.com/newsstory.aspx?newsID=123245&cat=1
Service in the House of Representatives.
Sablan assumed office on January 3, 2009 but was sworn-in on January 6, and his term will be two years in length. Sablan decided to caucus with the Democratic Party. Several dignitaries from the Northern Mariana Islands attended Sablan's swearing-in-ceremony by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, including Governor Benigno Fitial and his wife, First Lady Josie Fitial, as well as the outgoing CNMI Resident Representative in Washington, Pete Tenorio, whom Sablan defeated in the 2008 election.
On February 10, 2009, Sablan introduced submerged lands legislation which would give the CNMI "the same benefits in its submerged lands as Guam, the Virgin Islands, and American Samoa have in their submerged lands." The bill passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 416-0 on July 15, 2009. The bill must now be considered by the United States Senate's Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Sablan has also introduced a bill which would provide for the establishment of Job Corps centers in U.S. territories and a bill which would authorize college tuition grants of up to $15,000 per year to graduates of CNMI high schools. The latter bill would also allow CNMI students to pay "in-state tuition" at any public college or university in the United States. Both bills are pending before the House Committee on Education and Labor. 
As delegate, Sablan has sought and often secured earmarks, energy grants, and other federal funding for projects in the CNMI. Much of this funding has come from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. The ARRA did not include the CNMI in a 13.86% across-the-board increase in food stamp benefits nationally, but Sablan successfully lobbied Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack to reprogram $1.459 million to give the Northern Marianas the same 13.86% increase as the rest of the country.
According to a report released by AOL News in July 2010, by the end of June 2010 (9 months into the US Government's fiscal year), Sablan had spent more money from his Members Representational Allowances on food than any other congressman with $23,457. Sablan claimed that the amount was used to refund staffers for various travel costs.

</doc>
<doc id="20224549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224549" title="Papyrus 102">
Papyrus 102

Papyrus 102 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_1102, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of Matthew. The surviving texts of Matthew are verses 4:11-12; 4:22-23, they are in a fragmentary condition. The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the 3rd century.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type.
The manuscript is currently housed at the Sackler Library (Papyrology Rooms, P. Oxy. 4402) at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20224567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224567" title="Thomas W. Blackwell">
Thomas W. Blackwell

Thomas W. Blackwell is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 190th District since 2005. He and his wife live in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and have 4 children one of which is Sheena Blackwell who serves the community through her work with the homeless population. He lost the 2008 primary election and was succeeded by fellow Democrat Vanessa Brown. He is the son of Lucien E. Blackwell.

</doc>
<doc id="20224572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224572" title="Partenavia Fachiro">
Partenavia Fachiro

The Partenavia P.57 Fachiro is an Italian four-seat high-wing touring monoplane fitted with a fixed tricycle undercarriage.
Design and development.
The P.57 was designed and built by Partenavia. The Lycoming O-320 powered Fachiro I first flew on the 7 November 1958 followed by the Fachiro II on the 3 January 1959. A later version, designated the II-f, introduced a swept fin and rudder. 
The Fachiro utilised mixed steel tube-and-fabric construction and was fitted with a engine for aero club and general aviation use. 
A one-off all-metal version, the P.64 Fachiro III, was further developed as the P.64 Oscar.
Seven examples of the Fachiro IIf version remained in operation within Italy during spring 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20224573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224573" title="2005 Malta Cup">
2005 Malta Cup

The 2005 Malta Cup professional ranking snooker tournament was held between 31 January and 6 February 2005 at the Hilton Conference Centre, Portomaso, Malta.
Stephen Hendry won in the final 9–7 against Graeme Dott.
__TOC__
Qualifying.
Qualifying for the tournament took place between 30 November and 3 December 2004 at Pontins in Prestatyn, Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="20224584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224584" title="Juntos Otra Vez (Juan Gabriel and Rocío Dúrcal album)">
Juntos Otra Vez (Juan Gabriel and Rocío Dúrcal album)

Juntos Otra Vez ("Together Again") is the title of a studio album released by Mexican singer-songwriter Juan Gabriel and Spanish performer Rocío Dúrcal on April 29, 1997. This album became their first number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums. The album was awarded "Regional Mexican Album of the Year" at the 1998 Premio Lo Nuestro Award.
Tracklisting.
All tracks written and composed by Juan Gabriel.

</doc>
<doc id="20224587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224587" title="Southern Nuclear">
Southern Nuclear

Southern Nuclear Operating Company, Inc., also known as Southern Nuclear, is a nuclear power company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. The company operates six nuclear power units at three plants: the Joseph M. Farley Nuclear Plant, the Edwin I. Hatch Nuclear Plant and the Alvin W. Vogtle Electric Generating Plant. Combined, these three plants supply around 20% of the energy used in Alabama and Georgia. The company is a subsidiary of Southern Company.
Nuclear Power Generating Facilities.
Joseph M. Farley Nuclear Plant.
The Joseph M. Farley Nuclear Plant is located in Dothan, Alabama on . The facility was the first nuclear power plant to be constructed by Southern Company in the state of Alabama. Construction of the plant began in 1970 with the first reactor unit coming on-line in 1977, followed by the second unit in 1981. The plant is named after the former President and Chief Executive Officer of both Alabama Power and Southern Nuclear, Joseph McConnell Farley. It is the only nuclear plant wholly owned by Southern Company or by one of its subsidiaries.
Edwin I. Hatch Nuclear Plant.
The Edwin I. Hatch Nuclear Plant is located in Baxley, Georgia. Construction began in 1968 on Georgia's first nuclear power plant. The first unit came on-line in 1975 and the second unit in 1979. Ownership of the plant is made up of Georgia Power, Oglethorpe Power Corporation, Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia and Dalton Water & Light Sinking Fund Commission.
Alvin W. Vogtle Electric Generating Plant.
The Alvin W. Vogtle Electric Generating Plant is located in Waynesboro, Georgia. Like the Hatch Nuclear Plant, ownership of the Vogtle plant is also made up of Georgia Power, Oglethorpe Power Corporation and the Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia, but with The City of Dalton also having a percentage of ownership. The plant was named after Birmingham native Alvin W. Vogtle who served as president of Southern Company 

</doc>
<doc id="20224588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224588" title="Bernard Brégeon">
Bernard Brégeon

Bernard Brégeon (born July 6, 1962) is a French sprint canoer who competed in the 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two medals at Los Angeles in 1984 with a silver in the K-2 1000 m and a bronze in the K-1 500 m events.
Brégeon also won a complete set of medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-2 10000 m: 1982), a silver (K-1 10000 m: 1986) and a bronze (K-1 500 m: 1985).

</doc>
<doc id="20224594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224594" title="Bombus perezi">
Bombus perezi

Bombus perezi is a species of cuckoo bumblebee, that can be found in Greece and Corsica.

</doc>
<doc id="20224599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224599" title="Bombus quadricolor">
Bombus quadricolor

Bombus quadricolor is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.
The bumblebee is present in most of Europe except Britain, Ireland and Iceland. It is also found in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20224603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224603" title="Bombus skorikovi">
Bombus skorikovi

Bombus skorikovi is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20224611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224611" title="Bombus suckleyi">
Bombus suckleyi

Bombus suckleyi is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20224626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224626" title="Bombus tibetanus">
Bombus tibetanus

Bombus tibetanus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20224628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224628" title="Jake Seymour">
Jake Seymour

Jacob Seymour (1854 to August 1, 1897), was an American professional baseball player, who played in with the Pittsburg Alleghenys, of the American Association. Seymour had a 0-1 record, with a 7.88 ERA, in one game, in his one year career. 
He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and died in Allegheny, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20224632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224632" title="Bombus turneri">
Bombus turneri

Bombus turneri is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20224635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224635" title="German Type UC I submarine">
German Type UC I submarine

The Type UC I submarines were a class of small coastal minelaying U-boats built in Germany during the early part of World War I. They were the first operational minelaying submarines in the world (although the Russian submarine "Krab" was laid down earlier). A total of fifteen boats were built. The class is sometimes also referred to as the "UC-1" class after , the class leader.
Design.
These submarines were designed by Dr. Werner of the Torpedo Inspectorate, and based on the Type UB I small coastal submarines, with a revised bow section housing inclined minelaying tubes and uprated engines to compensate for the increased displacement and less streamlined form. The boats' sole armament was six internal mine tubes with 12 mines, although "UC-11" was fitted with a single external torpedo tube in 1916. They were constructed very quickly, and suffered from problems with their minelaying system, which in some cases caused the mines to become armed before exiting their tubes and explode prematurely.
List of Type UC I submarines.
A total of 15 Type UC I submarines were built.

</doc>
<doc id="20224648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224648" title="Las Bocas, Sonora">
Las Bocas, Sonora

Las Bocas is a small fishing village located in the south of the Mexican state of Sonora. It is part of the Huatabampo municipality. Despite being part of Huatabampo, most properties there are owned by families from Navojoa who have their second house next to the beach.
Las Bocas is a popular weekend and holiday destination for people from the south of Sonora (mainly the city of Navojoa) and north of Sinaloa. It is specially visited during the Holy Week which is the week before Easter.
Beaches.
There are two main beaches in Las Bocas: Playa Norte (North Beach) and Playa Sur (South Beach).
Other beaches around Las Bocas area include Camahuiroa to the south, and Tohahui and Bachoco to the north.
Accommodations and other services.
There is a small hotel located near the Plaza at Playa Norte. Many houses are available for rental. There are several small grocery stores; larger supermarkets are only available in Navojoa. There are no gas stations in Las Bocas but gas is delivered and sold by local residents. During Holy Week there are several places to eat local Mexican food and sea food, but other kinds of restaurants are not available.
Transportation.
The town is from Mexican Federal Highway 15 via a two-lane, paved state road.
Playa Sur has its main boulevard paved as it is part of the Carretera Costera Riviera Mayo (Mayo Riviera Coastal Road). This highway connects to neighbor beaches Tohaui, Bajerobeta, and Bachoco, and to the port of Yavaros.
The nearest commercial airport is Ciudad Obregón International Airport, roughly 100 km away.

</doc>
<doc id="20224649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224649" title="Kastrat">
Kastrat

Kastrat is a municipality in the Malësi e Madhe District, Shkodër County, northwestern Albania. 
Settlements.
There are 12 settlements within Kastrat, of which Bajzë maintains city status.

</doc>
<doc id="20224661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224661" title="Midland Railway 1252 Class">
Midland Railway 1252 Class

The Midland Railway 1252 Class was a class of 30 0-4-4T locomotives built by Neilson & Co. in 1875-1876 to the design of Samuel W. Johnson. They were a development of the 6 Class. Originally numbers 1262-81 and 1252-61. Under the 1907 renumbering scheme they became 1236-65.
Dimensions.
For this class, the Midland used nominal diameter driving wheels, whereas in all later engines (starting with the 1532 Class) they used nominal diameter wheels. They were given the power classification 1P.
Later ownership.
Nine, Nos 1239/46/7/9/51/2/5/60/1 were still in LMS stock at the end of 1947 and passed to British Railways (BR). BR allocated them numbers 58030-8, though only three 58030/6/8 received them before withdrawal. The class was extinct in 1954. None was preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20224673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224673" title="25D">
25D

25D may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20224676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224676" title="Frank Andrews Shimkus">
Frank Andrews Shimkus

Frank Andrews Shimkus (born 1952) is a retired broadcaster and Democratic politician in Pennsylvania. 
Shimkus grew up in the High Works neighborhood of Scranton. He graduated from the University of Scranton in 1973 with a degree in English. He then went into broadcasting, despite the misgivings of his father (who thought broadcasters were carnies). After working as an announcer at WEJL in Scranton and WCAU in Philadelphia, he went into television. He served as an anchor and reporter at WNEP-TV in Scranton from 1980 to 1998, doubling for much of that time as news director. After a brief two-year hiatus, he moved to WYOU as anchor and assistant news director. During his broadcasting career, he was known on-air as "Frank Andrews."
While still at WNEP, Shimkus earned a master's degree in theology from Antietam Bible College in 1993 and a doctorate in biblical studies from the same institution two years later. He currently serves as the part-time pastor of Trinity Congregational United Church of Christ in Scranton.
Shimkus resigned from WYOU in March 2006 to run for the state house, winning a 5-way Democratic primary to succeed the retiring Gaynor Cawley in a district that included almost 60 percent of Scranton. He went on to easily win the general election.
His bid for a second term was derailed by disputes over his residency. He'd lived in South Abington, a suburb of Scranton, for many years. Midway through his term, he moved in with his fiancee in Throop on the advice of his doctors, who suggested he shouldn't live alone after suffering several concussions. He listed a house in Scranton owned by his daughter and son-in-law as his primary residence when he filed for the Democratic primary. Shimkus' primary opponent, former Scranton city councilman Kevin Murphy, and two others filed a petition to have Shimkus thrown off the ballot citing the residency issue. The Scranton and Throop houses are in the district. Nevertheless, a Commonwealth Court judge granted the petition on March 14, 2008; finding that Shimkus intentionally misrepresented his address. Since no Republican even filed in this heavily Democratic district, this appeared to hand the nomination—and the seat—to Murphy.
In an unusual move, Shimkus then mounted a write-in bid for both the Democratic and Republican nominations. He lost the Democratic primary to Murphy by only 107 votes, but easily won the Republican primary. However, he stated that he intended to remain a Democrat. In the November election, Shimkus lost to Murphy by 1,300 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20224696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224696" title="Give Me the Keys (And I'll Drive You Crazy)">
Give Me the Keys (And I'll Drive You Crazy)

"Give Me the Keys (And I'll Drive You Crazy)" is a song by Huey Lewis and the News, released in January 1989 as the third single from the album "Small World". The single peaked at #47 on the US Billboard Hot 100.
"Give Me the Keys" was the first Huey Lewis and the News single to fail to reach the Top 40 portion of the Hot 100 since "Workin' for a Livin' in 1982. It ended a string of 13 consecutive Top 40 hits for the band. 

</doc>
<doc id="20224702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224702" title="Martin Thörnberg">
Martin Thörnberg

Martin Thörnberg (born August 6, 1983) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player, currently with Lev Prague of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He is the son of the retired ice hockey player Ove Thörnberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20224720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224720" title="Millhome, Wisconsin">
Millhome, Wisconsin

Millhome is an unincorporated community in the town of Schleswig, Manitowoc County, Wisconsin, United States. The nearest city to Millhome is Kiel. The community is located just west of the intersection of Wisconsin Highway 32 and Wisconsin Highway 57 and is along the border between Manitowoc and Sheboygan Counties. The Sheboygan River passes through the community.

</doc>
<doc id="20224721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224721" title="History of Abercrombie &amp; Fitch">
History of Abercrombie &amp; Fitch

The history of Abercrombie & Fitch began in the nineteenth century and extends into the twenty-first century. Key figures who changed and influenced the course of Abercrombie & Fitch's history include David T. Abercrombie (the founder), Ezra Fitch (the co-founder), Limited Brands and Michael Jeffries (current Chairman and CEO).
David Abercrombie founded A&F in 1892 as an upscale sporting goods store. Forming a partnership with Ezra Fitch, the company continued to expand in the new 20th century. After Abercrombie left the company, Fitch became sole owner and ushered in the "Fitch Years" of continued success. After his retirement, the company continued under a succession of other leaders until its financial fall and closing in 1977. Limited Brands purchased the ailing brand in 1988 and brought in Mike Jeffries, who revolutionized the image of Abercrombie & Fitch to become an upscale youthful fashion retailer. Today, the company is a multi-billion dollar entity continuing to experience economic expansion through the business continuance of three off-shoot growing concepts and cautious international expansion into key luxury markets.
Prominent figures who patronized the company in its excursion goods days of the early 20th century include Teddy Roosevelt, Amelia Earhart, Greta Garbo, Katharine Hepburn, Clark Gable, John Steinbeck, John F. Kennedy, Ernest Shackleton, Cole Porter, and Dwight Eisenhower.
Founding.
The company was originally established as Abercrombie Co. by David Abercrombie on June 4, 1892, in a small waterfront shop at 36 South Street in downtown Manhattan, New York. Wealthy New York lawyer Ezra Fitch became one of the store's regular customers. In 1900, Fitch left his law practice and bought a major share in the growing Abercrombie Company and thus joined as co-founder. Abercrombie Co. later moved into larger quarters at 314 Broadway, and Fitch began to implement experimental ideas to renovate the store. In 1904, Fitch's surname was added to Abercrombie's and so the official name became Abercrombie & Fitch Co.
The partnership between Abercrombie and Fitch did not end happily. The two men, with different visions for the future of A&F, quarreled frequently, although the company continued to prosper. Fitch wished to expand the company's appeal to the general public, while Abercrombie wanted to continue selling professional gear to professional outdoorsmen. As a result of the disagreement, Abercrombie sold his share in the company to Fitch in 1907 and returned to manufacturing outdoor goods. Fitch continued the business with other partners and directed the company as he pleased.
The Fitch years.
In 1909, Abercrombie & Fitch Co. mailed over 50,000 copies of its 456 page catalog worldwide (a staggering and costly amount of publication at that time, since each cost a dollar to produce). The catalog featured outdoor clothing, camping gear, articles, and advice columns. The cost of the catalog nearly bankrupted the company, but the catalog proved to be a profitable marketing device. Within the store, the catalog was available to customers for free. By 1910, the company began selling women's clothing, and became the first store in New York to supply clothing to women as well as men. In 1913, after moving into Reade Street, which was not a convenient shopping location for women, the store relocated to a more fashionable and easily accessible midtown address near Fifth Avenue at 55/57 West 36th Street, expanding its inventory to include sportswear. In 1917, the store moved again into a twelve-story building at the corner of Madison Avenue and East 45th Street. The store occupied the entire available space (12 stories).
The Madison Avenue store included many different amenities. The basement housed a shooting range while on the mezzanine (main floor) paraphernalia for skiing, archery, skin-diving, and lawn games were sold. The second through fifth floors were reserved for clothing that was suitable for different climate or terrains. On the sixth floor were a picture gallery, a bookstore (focused on sporting themes), a watch repair facility and a golf school (fully equipped with a resident professional). The seventh floor included a gun room with hundreds of shotguns and rifles, decorated with stuffed game heads, as well as a kennel for dogs and cats . The eighth floor contained fishing, camping, and boating equipment and included a desk for a fly- and bait-casting instructor who gave lessons at the pool, which was located on the roof. The fishing section alone was stocked with over 48,000 flies and over 18,000 fishing lures.
Abercrombie & Fitch Co. became the first American store to import Mahjong. Ezra Fitch imported the game after a female customer looked for the game that she had played in China. He went to China for the game and translated the instructions into English. Mahjong became a fast selling product, and Abercrombie & Fitch became the epicenter of the Mahjong craze. The company sent emissaries to Chinese villages to buy as many Mahjong sets as possible and eventually sold over 12,000 sets.
In 1927, Abercrombie & Fitch outfitted Charles Lindbergh for his historic flight across the Atlantic Ocean. It also attracted the business of other prominent figures.
Post-Fitch era.
In 1928, Fitch retired from the company and sold to his brother-in-law, James S. Cobb. Under Cobb, A&F acquired Von Lengerke & Detmold, a well-respected New York dealer of fine European-made sporting guns and fishing tackle, as well as that company's Chicago branch, Von Lengerke & Antoine. Cobb also acquired Griffin & Howe, another gunsmith company. Merchandise from both Von Lengerke & Detmold and Griffin & Howe was carried at A&F's Madison Avenue store. By this time, A&F was also selling equipment for polo, golf, and tennis. By 1929, sales of US $6.3 million were reported with net profits of US $548,000.
During the Great Depression, the company's revenue decreased and it stopped paying dividends. Sales plunged to $2,598,925 in 1933. A&F recovered in the following years and resumed paying dividends in 1938. During that year, guns accounted for 40% of sales at the Madison Avenue store. Clothing, shoes, and furnishings accounted for 45%, while inventory was valued at about 40% of annual sales (reflecting A&F's readiness to meet customer demands). Ten percent of the business was attributed to mail orders from the catalog. Abercrombie & Fitch Co. continued to expand. As early as 1913, A&F had adopted the slogan, "The Greatest Sporting Goods Store in the World".
A&F's record net profit was $682,894 in 1947. The company opened a large branch in San Francisco in 1958. It soon added small winter-only shops open from November through May each season in Palm Beach and Sarasota, Florida and summer-only shops in Bay Head, New Jersey, and Southampton, New York. to complement a shop in Hyannis, Massachusetts it had operated since the end of World War II. Guernsey succeeded Cobb as president. He remarked, "The Abercrombie & Fitch type does not care about the cost; he wants the finest quality." With so many locations now under the control of Abercrombie & Fitch, the Madison Avenue store remained the flagship store. In the 1950s, the main floor of the flagship was remodeled to include heads of buffalo, caribou, moose, elk, and other big game, stuffed fish of spectacular size, and elephant's-foot wastebaskets.
In 1960, net sales rose to $16.5 million, but net profit fell for the fourth straight year to $185,649. By 1961, net sales dropped to $15.5 million, and net profit to $124,097. Guernsey's successor as president, John H. Ewing, paid little attention to the decline in sales. In 1961, he told an interviewer of "Business Week" that Abercrombie & Fitch enjoyed a special niche "by sticking to our knitting; by not trying to be all things to all people." A&F would open a year-round resort shop at the Broadmoor Hotel in Colorado Springs (1962) and its first suburban store at the Mall in Short Hills, New Jersey (1963). Under the leadership of Earle K. Angstadt, Jr., Abercrombie's continued to expand in upscale locations such as the Bal Harbour Shops near Miami Beach, Florida (1966), the Somerset Mall in Troy, Michigan, outside Detroit (1969) and in boutique-style shops in other department stores.
In 1964, Abercrombie and Fitch achieved a notable early example of the "brand integration" form of product placement by providing the venue for part of the Rock Hudson / Paula Prentiss romantic comedy film Man's Favorite Sport?.
Abercrombie and Fitch held a warehouse sale in 1968 and early 1970 and presented offbeat newspaper advertisements that reflected a measure of desperation. The company's revenue continued decline, with a loss of about $500,000 in its previous fiscal year. Noticing the effect that the ads and sale-days had upon the Abercrombie & Fitch customer base, the next president William Humphreys, a former Lord & Taylor executive, halted the measures. He focused on improving A&F's inventory control and credit practices and cutting the company's expenses.; changed the store design to present a different image, focused on expansion into the suburbs in 1972 with a location in Oak Brook, Illinois 1972 in hopes of recapturing customers who no longer patronized its store in downtown Chicago's Loop. Noticing that the offbeat advertisements were bringing in customers that management considered "not of classic Abercrombie & Fitch material," A&F ceased its mis-directing ads and sale-days in October 1970. Presentation within the flagship changed as well to provide a newer look. Expensive sailboats were moved from the main floor to an upper floor, a discount clothing section was introduced on the tenth floor, sportswear lines were expanded, and new buyers for woman's apparel were hired. However, the changes did not improve sales and the company continued to decline financially under Humphreys and his successor Hal Haskell, who was a major stockholder of the company. After losing $1 million in 1975, Abercrombie & Fitch Co. filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy in August 1976 and finally closed its doors in November 1977.
Oshman's, a sporting goods retailer, acquired Abercrombie & Fitch Co. in 1978 for $1.5 million ($5.2 million in 2013 dollars). It opened an Abercrombie & Fitch store in 1979 in Beverly Hills, California, and another in Dallas, Texas, which was bigger and sported $40,000 USD elephant guns and an "Abercrombie Runabout sports convertible" worth $20,775 USD. Stores continued to open in South Street Seaport and Trump Tower and catered towards contemporary interests of golf, exercise, and tennis. Clothing collections for men and women carried business and casual dress, and sportswear. "Forbes" described the merchandise as "a hodgepodge of unrelated items" and that "sometimes it is better to bury the dead than to try reviving them." Abercrombie & Fitch continued to struggle as Oshman's struggled itself to develop a strong identity for the company.
Modern image.
1988 through 1999: rebranding into fashion retail.
In 1988, Limited Brands acquired the ailing company for $47 million after having success in popularizing Express and Victoria's Secret. Headquarters was moved to Columbus, Ohio, and all inventory was cleared out. The new president of Abercrombie & Fitch, Sally Frame-Kasaks, placed a strong emphasis on apparel. Michael S. Jeffries, a clothing executive, took over as president in 1992. He popularized the brand to a teen apparel merchandiser from an ailing sports brand. He believed that focusing the A&F brand towards the American teen market would be financially beneficial as that sector of retail economy was said to be growing at a record rate at the time.
The new Abercrombie & Fitch reopened shortly afterwords with a preppy outdoors theme reminiscent of the company's original roots. Jeffries desired to have Bruce Weber, known for his sexual beefcake photography, as the photographer for the brand, but could not do so until the company gained financial success. The apparel consisted of woven shirts, denim, miniskirts, cargo shorts, wool sweaters, polo shirts, and t-shirts. Its prices were unprecedentedly high in the teen apparel industry. Sales rose $85 million in 1992, $111 million in 1993, and to $165 million in 1994. 49 stores were opened by 1994, and a 102 store count was aimed by the end of 1995. In 1994, new records for merchandise margin rate and profitability were established by Abercrombie & Fitch for its parent, The Limited. To maintain popularity and to keep up with teen trends, Jeffries hired executives to keep up on popular teenage clothing, music, and entertainment.
By the mid-1990s, there were dozens of Abercrombie & Fitch stores in the United States. On September 26, 1996, The Limited, Inc. took Abercrombie & Fitch public on the New York Stock Exchange with the ticker symbol "ANF" and with the per share offering as $16. In late 1990s, the company began to opt building stores only averaging between 8,000 to 20,000 square feet (700 to 2,000 m²) in high-volume retail centers around the country. It also launched the canoe store prototype of white facade and interior gray walls to accommodate the growth of its brand.
In 1997, Abercrombie & Fitch launched "A&F Quarterly". The publication included photography, interviews and articles about sex, pop culture, and other teen interests. In 1998, the company introduced its first subsidiary, abercrombie. The concept was designed as the Abercrombie & Fitch for a younger clientele between the ages on 7-14. In 1999 began a 3-year-long class action lawsuit in which Abercrombie & Fitch was one of several American retailers involved for its sweatshops in Saipan. Revenue recorded for Abercrombie & Fitch at the end of fiscal 1998 was at $805.2 million USD. By 1998, Abercrombie & Fitch became an independent company, and Mike Jeffries assumed the position of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. As the brand regained its prominence, industry analysts began to speculate how long Abercrombie and Fitch would be able to retain its popularity.
Analysts predicted that A&F would fall from popularity, but sales continued escalating after a provocative Christmas 1999 in which the "A&F Quarterly" issue of the season featured sexually explicit content that drew angry complaints. In 1999, the A&F also launched "A&F TV", which featured young people engaged in sports and leisure activities. A&F TV was originally developed to run on cable television and on monitors in Abercrombie & Fitch stores. It was soon removed. Revenue for fiscal 1999 was at $1.030 billion USD.
The overall approach of Abercrombie & Fitch, by the end of the decade, to its customers seemed to please male shoppers more than females, who shopped more frequently at competitor shops. Throughout the 1990s, Abercrombie & Fitch Co. enjoyed sales of over $400/ft2 ($4300/m2). By December 1999, Abercrombie & Fitch operated a total of 212 stores nationwide.
From 2000 on.
Entering into the 21st century, Abercrombie & Fitch was rated as the sixth most popular brand before Nintendo and Levi's by teenagers. The company introduced its third brand, Hollister Co., in July 2000. The third concept was based on Southern California surf lifestyle, and was targeted towards high school students. After Hollister lowered the revenue of Abercrombie & Fitch, the company launched the "Ezra Fitch" collection, and began producing A&F clothing with higher grade materials, increasing the prices. In 2001, the company moved into a new home office in New Albany, Ohio. Headquarters were further expanded by 2003. Also in 2003, the company released its last issue of "A&F Quarterly" after amounting complaints.
After successfully launching Hollister, the company introduced its fourth brand RUEHL No.925 for older consumers, 22 through 35, on September 24, 2004.
Abercrombie & Fitch began its Canadian expansion in January 2006 when the company opened two A&F stores and three Hollister Co. stores in Toronto and Edmonton. By fall 2006, a third Canadian Abercrombie & Fitch store opened in the Toronto Eaton Centre. Also in the year, the brand opened a west coast flagship in The Grove. Revenue reported for 2006 is $3.318 billion, an increase of over $1.297 billion from 2005.
Beginning 2007, the canoe stores were revamped with dark louvers ("see right image"). On 22 March 2007, Abercrombie & Fitch opened its first European flagship in London at 7 Burlington Gardens in Savile Row. The store generated a volume of $280,000 (around £140,000 GBP) in its first 6 hours of operation. The flagship remains one of the most profitable A&F locations. Revenue reached record heights in 2007 with an overall sales of $3.749 billion.
On 21 January 2008, Abercrombie & Fitch introduced its fifth concept, the intimate apparel brand Gilly Hicks. Inspired by "Down Under", it is officially labeled as the "Cheeky cousin of Abercrombie & Fitch." In April 2008, A&F relaunched "A&F Quarterly" for release in the UK flagship. On August 31, 2008, the "bright and insightful" company director Allan A. Tuttle died. By December 22, corporate announced that it had produced a new employment agreement with Mike Jeffries set to expire in 2014. For the first time in its recent history, A&F suffered a financial decrease to $3.540 billion revenue for fiscal 2008. The blame was to the current economic recession, and also to the fact that the company refused to lower price points and offer sales citing brand image-protection that doing so would "cheapen" its near-luxury image.
As the late-2000s recession continued, A&F noticeably suffered financially for its refusal to lower prices or offer discounts. Early in January 2009, the company reported its worst drop in sales and shares. By the end of the month, 50 employees lost their jobs and many positions were still unoccupied. 170 more employees were dismissed in May. By October, A&F launched its official Facebook page. Despite financial downturns, A&F opened its second European location, a flagship store, in Milan on October 29. On its official Facebook page, A&F called it the biggest consumer reception for a flagship opening in A&F history: "like nothing the world has seen before". On December 15, another flagship store opened in Tokyo, Japan. Marking the first ever A&F location in Asia, the opening became the biggest retail event in history, was noted as a "spectacle of consumerism" by the Japanese, and made around JP¥50 million (US$550,000) that day alone.
In January 2010, A&F launched its A&F Cares feature highlighting its philanthropic efforts. Keeping to its commitment, the company shut down ruehl.com on January 22, and closed doors to all final Ruehl stores by the end of the month. Analysts began noting encouraging signs of financial progress, in March, for the company, citing A&F's successful international expansion and better inventory management. Also around that time, a historical fishing line dryer, made by A&F in the early 1900s, was sold to an A&F model for $590 USD. As a marketing move, A&F announced the relaunch of the "A&F Quarterly" on 17 July 2010 as a part of its "Screen Test" Back-to-School marketing campaign designed to attract more consumer attention and sales. In August, CEO Mike Jeffries announced that Abercrombie & Fitch would close roughly 60 stores in 2010. Later that month, CFO Jonathan Ramsden said another 50 stores could close in 2011. Profits began to pick up by September 2010 to larger than predicted results (attributted to the result of the major "Screen Test" campaign and numerous sales held throughout the season). By October, the company was stated as being well ahead its competitors (a first since the economic turndown). The brand opened a flagship in Copenhagen and Fukuoka in November 2010, and another one in Paris by May 2011.
On February 15, 2012, A&F announced plans to close 180 more underperforming U.S. stores by 2015 while continuing to expand in Europe and Asia.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20224734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224734" title="Jane Eyre (1934 film)">
Jane Eyre (1934 film)

Jane Eyre is a 1934 American romantic drama film directed by Christy Cabanne, starring Virginia Bruce and Colin Clive. It is based on the 1847 novel "Jane Eyre" by Charlotte Brontë, and is the first adaptation to use sound.
Synopsis.
A Victorian orphan secures a position as governess at Thornfield Hall. She falls in love with her employer.
Production.
Production began 17 May 1934 at General Service Studios.
Soundtrack.
Critical reception.
Critic Leonard Maltin gave the film 2 stars (out of four), describing it as a "version of the oft-filmed Bronte novel, produced by Monogram, of all studios[... Still, it's not uninteresting as a curio." 

</doc>
<doc id="20224741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224741" title="Alpigenobombus">
Alpigenobombus

Alpigenobombus is a subgenus of the genus Bombus.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="20224748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224748" title="Glamour (presentation)">
Glamour (presentation)

Glamour originally was a term applied to a magical-occult spell that was cast on somebody to make them see something the spell-caster wished them to see, when in fact it was not what it seemed to be. In the late 19th century terminology, a non-magical item used to help create a more attractive appearance gradually became known as 'a glamour'. Today, glamour is the impression of attraction or fascination that a particularly luxurious or elegant appearance creates, an impression which is better than the reality. Typically, a person, event, location, technology, or product such as a piece of clothing can be glamorous or add glamour.
Virginia Postrel says that for glamour to be successful nearly always requires sprezzatura - an appearance of effortlessness, and to appear distant - transcending the everyday, to be slightly mysterious and somewhat idealised, but not to the extent it is no longer possible to identify with the person. Glamorous things are neither opaque, hiding all, nor transparent showing everything, but translucent, favourably showing things.
The early Hollywood star system in particular specialised in Hollywood glamour where they systematically glamorised their actors and actresses.
Glamour can be confused with a style, which is adherence to a particular school of fashion, or intrinsic beauty; whereas glamour can be external and deliberate.
History.
A glamour was originally said to be a spell cast by a witch to make somebody see things in a different way.
Late in the 19th century the common meaning shifted to being applied to ordinary objects and jewellery without connotations of supernatural, merely upon the effect that it has on appearance. This is a sense used in this article and to some extent is the way that it was used by the early Hollywood system.
In modern usage glamour is often confused with style or beauty; but they may be considered to be distinct, although glamour may give the appearance of beauty or present as a personal style.
Cinema.
""Glamour doesn't just happen, people don't wake up in the morning glamorous."" - Virginia Postrel
""Glamour" is the result of chiaroscuro, the play of light on the landscape of the face, the use of the surroundings through the composition, through the shaft of the hair and creating mysterious shadows in the eyes. In Hollywood, stars as far apart as Marlene Dietrich, Carole Lombard, Rita Hayworth and Dolores del Rio, own and acquire glamor, technology and willingness to refine the beauty of its own... Are indecipherable magic of the cinema, substance of the dreams of a generation and the admiration of the following meeting"" , -filmmaker Josef von Sternberg, ".
Early Hollywood movie stars were often seen as particularly glamorous, this was due to the operation of the early Hollywood system where extensive methods were used to make the stars glamorous. For example photography was done in rooms which had been specially painted to flatter the skin tone of the actors and actresses, and attention was paid to hair and clothes. Notably this was successfully done with:
Icons.
Glamour icons are people that are thought to epitomise glamour, that have an individual style that makes them more attractive.
For example:
Photography.
Glamour photography is the photographing of a model with the emphasis on the model and the model's sexuality and allure; with any clothing, fashion, products or environment contained in the image being of minor consideration. Photographers use a combination of cosmetics, lighting and airbrushing techniques to produce the most physically appealing image of the model possible.
Architecture.
Many forms of architecture employ glamorous motifs to enhance the appearance of what may be otherwise mundane buildings.
The Art Deco style is generally considered to be a glamorous one.
Violence.
Many types of media have been accused of glamorising violence, for example the film "A Clockwork Orange" by Stanley Kubrick or "The Matrix".
The "Grand Theft Auto" video game series is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records 2009 as the most controversial game series and has often been accused of glamorising violence.

</doc>
<doc id="20224755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224755" title="Pharmaceutical Association of Israel">
Pharmaceutical Association of Israel

The Pharmaceutical Association of Israel (, "Histadrut HaRokhim") is a nonprofit umbrella organization for promoting and supporting pharmacies and pharmacists in Israel. It was founded in 1920 as The Internationally Licensed Pharmacists Association of the Land of Israel and got its current name with the founding of the state in 1948. The association has 500 full members and another 800 associates, and is a member of the International Pharmaceutical Federation (FIP).
Overview.
The association provides professional courses held throughout the year and holds conferences and workshops. It also provides a supply of insurance and nursing care, professional books, holidays, pharmacy equipment etc. at reduced rates for its members. The association is represented in parliamentary committees on issues pertaining to the pharmaceutical profession.
Permanent public relations, financial and legal facilities are available to members. The association publishes a journal, "The Israeli Pharmaceutical Journal", which provides updates on the profession and a platform for discussion among all pharmacists in the country. It also works closely with the pharmaceutical industry, including distribution and manufacturing.
The Association has three branches, Tel Aviv, Jerusalem and Haifa, dividing the country into these three regions. Each branch has its own officers, who are represented on the Central Council. It has scientific, professional, ethical, social, strategy and educational committees, and a disciplinary court. Although it is not compulsory to be a member of the association, it enjoys the support of most pharmacists in the private sector.

</doc>
<doc id="20224762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224762" title="Gruemirë">
Gruemirë

Gruemirë is a municipality in the Malësi e Madhe District, Shkodër County, northwestern Albania. 
Settlements.
There are 15 settlements within Gruemirë. 

</doc>
<doc id="20224767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224767" title="Marxism and religion">
Marxism and religion

The founder and primary theorist of Marxism, the nineteenth-century German thinker Karl Marx, had a negative attitude to religion, viewing it primarily as "the opium of the people" that had been used by the ruling classes to give the working classes false hope for millennia, while at the same time recognizing it as a form of protest by the working classes against their poor economic conditions. In the end, Marx rejects religion.
In the Marxist-Leninist interpretation of Marxist theory, developed primarily by Russian revolutionary Vladimir Lenin, religion is seen as retarding human development, and socialist states that follow a Marxist-Leninist variant are atheistic and explicitly antireligious. Due to this, a number of Marxist-Leninst governments in the twentieth century, such as the Soviet Union and the People's Republic of China, implemented rules introducing state atheism. However, several religious communist groups exist, and Christian communism was important in the early development of communism.
Marx on religion.
Karl Marx's religious views have been the subject of much interpretation. He famously stated in "Critique of Hegel's Philosophy of Right"
Lenin on religion.
Vladimir Lenin was highly critical of religion, saying in his book "Religion"
Atheism is a natural and inseparable part of Marxism, of the theory and practice of scientific socialism.
In "About the attitude of the working party toward the religion", he wrote
Religion is the opium of the people: this saying of Marx is the cornerstone of the entire ideology of Marxism about religion. All modern religions and churches, all and of every kind of religious organizations are always considered by Marxism as the organs of bourgeois reaction, used for the protection of the exploitation and the stupefaction of the working class.
Nikolai Bukharin and Evgenii Preobrazhensky on religion.
In their influential book "The ABC of Communism", Nikolai Bukharin and Evgenii Preobrazhensky spoke out strongly against religion. "Communism is incompatible with religious faith", they wrote.
However importance was placed on secularism and non-violence towards the religious.
"But the campaign against the backwardness of the masses in this matter of religion, must be conducted with patience and considerateness, as well as with energy and perseverance. The credulous crowd is extremely sensitive to anything which hurts its feelings. To thrust atheism upon the masses, and in conjunction therewith to interfere forcibly with religious practices and to make mock of the objects of popular reverence, would not assist but would hinder the campaign against religion. If the church were to be persecuted, it would win sympathy among the masses, for persecution would remind them of the almost forgotten days when there was an association between religion and the defence of national freedom; it would strengthen the antisemitic movement; and in general it would mobilize all the vestiges of an ideology which is already beginning to die out."
In self-identified "Marxist" states.
Religion in the Soviet Union.
The Soviet Union was an atheist state, in which religion was largely discouraged and at times heavily persecuted. According to various Soviet and Western sources, however, over one-third of the country's people professed religious belief. Christianity and Islam had the most believers. Christians belonged to various churches: Orthodox, which had the largest number of followers; Catholic; and Baptist and other Protestant denominations. The majority of the Islamic faithful were Sunni. Judaism also had many followers. Other religions, which were practiced by a relatively small number of believers, included Buddhism and Shamanism.
The role of religion in the daily lives of Soviet citizens varied greatly. Two-thirds of the Soviet population, however, were irreligious. About half the people, including members of the ruling Communist Party and high-level government officials, professed atheism. For the majority of Soviet citizens, therefore, religion seemed irrelevant.
Prior to its collapse in late 1991, official figures on religion in the Soviet Union were not available.
State atheism in the Soviet Union was known as ""gosateizm""
Religion in the Socialist People's Republic of Albania.
Albania was declared an atheist state by Enver Hoxha, and remained so from 1967 until 1991. The trend toward state atheism in Albania was taken to an extreme during the regime, when religions, identified as imports foreign to Albanian culture, were banned altogether. This policy was mainly applied and felt within the borders of the present Albanian state, thus producing a nonreligious majority in the population.
Religion in the People's Republic of China.
The People's Republic of China was established in 1949 and for much of its early history maintained a hostile attitude toward religion which was seen as emblematic of feudalism and foreign colonialism. Houses of worship, including temples, mosques, and churches, were converted into non-religious buildings for secular use.
This attitude, however, relaxed considerably in the late 1970s, with the end of the Cultural Revolution. The 1978 Constitution of the People's Republic of China guaranteed "freedom of religion" with a number of restrictions. Since the mid-1990s there has been a massive program to rebuild Buddhist and Taoist temples that were destroyed in the Cultural Revolution.
Religion in Democratic Kampuchea.
Pol Pot, leader of the Khmer Rouge regime, suppressed Cambodia’s Buddhist religion: monks were defrocked; temples and artifacts, including statues of Buddha, were destroyed; and people praying or expressing other religious sentiments were often killed. The Christian and Muslim communities were among the most persecuted, as well. The Roman Catholic cathedral of Phnom Penh was razed. The Khmer Rouge forced Muslims to eat pork, which they regard as an abomination. Many of those who refused were killed. Christian clergy and Muslim imams were executed.
Religion in Laos.
In contrast with the brutal repression of the "sangha" undertaken in Cambodia, the communist government of Laos has not sought to oppose or suppress Buddhism in Laos to any great degree. Rather, since the early days of the Pathet Lao, communist officials have sought to use the influence and respect afforded to Buddhist clergy to achieve political goals, while discouraging religious practices seen as detrimental to Marxist aims.
Starting as early as the late 1950s, members of the Pathet Lao sought to encourage support for the Communist cause by aligning members of the Lao "sangha" with the Communist opposition. Though resisted by the Royal Lao Government, these efforts were fairly successful, and resulted in increased support for the Pathet Lao, particularly in rural communities.
Communism and Christianity.
Christian communism can be seen as a radical form of Christian socialism. It is a theological and political theory based upon the view that the teachings of Jesus Christ compel Christians to support communism as the ideal social system. Although there is no universal agreement on the exact date when Christian communism was founded, many Christian communists assert that evidence from the Bible suggests that the first Christians, including the Apostles, created their own small communist society in the years following Jesus' death and resurrection. As such, many advocates of Christian communism argue that it was taught by Jesus and practiced by the Apostles themselves.
In "" Friedrich Engels draws a certain analogy between the sort of utopian communalism of some of the early Christian communities and the modern-day communist movement, the scientific communist movement representing the proletariat in this era and its world historic transformation of society. Engels noted both certain similarities and certain contrasts.
Communism and Islam.
Islam completely rejects communism. From the 1940s through the 1960s, Communists and Islamists sometimes joined forces in opposing colonialism and seeking national independence. The Tudeh (Iranian Communist party) was allied with the Islamists in their ultimately successful rebellion against the Shah in 1979, although after the Shah was overthrown, the Islamists turned on their one-time allies.
Communist philosopher Mir-Said (Mirza) Sultan-Galiev, Stalin's protégé at the Commissariat of Nationalities (Narkomnats), wrote in "The Life of Nationalities", the Narkomnats' journal.
Communism and Judaism.
During the Russian Civil War, Jews were seen as communist sympathizers and thousands were murdered in pogroms by the White Army. During the Red Scare in the United States in the 1950s, a representative of the American Jewish Committee assured the powerful House Committee on Un-American Activities that "Judaism and communism are utterly incompatible.". On the other hand, some Orthodox Jews, including a number of prominent religious figures, actively supported either anarchist or Marxist versions of communism. Examples include Rabbi Yehuda Ashlag, an outspoken libertarian communist, Russian revolutionary and territorialist leader Isaac Steinberg and Rabbi Abraham Bik, an American communist activist.
Communism and Buddhism.
Buddhism has been said to be compatible with communism given that both can be interpreted as atheistic and arguably share some similarities regarding their views of the world of nature and the relationship between matter and mind. Regardless, Buddhists have still been persecuted in communist states, notably China, Mongolia and Cambodia under the Khmer Rouge.
Many supporters of the Viet Cong were Buddhists, strongly believing in the unification of Vietnam, with many opposing South Vietnam due to former president Ngo Dinh Diem's persecution of Buddhism during the early 1960s.
The current Dalai Lama, Tenzin Gyatso, speaks positively of Marxism, despite the heavy persecution of the Tibetan people by the Chinese communists.
Communism and Hinduism.
Some principles of Hinduism can be seen as compatible with communism, because, in spite of it being largely theistic, the religion openly allows atheism and accepts the practice of it within itself.
A vast number of followers of Nepalese Maoist leader Prachanda and members of the Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) follow Hinduism, preferring the communist system to the Nepalese monarchy, despite Mao Zedong's hostility towards religion.
Religious criticism of communism.
Because of communism's atheism, some have accused communism of persecuting religion. In addition, another criticism is that communism is, in itself, a religion.

</doc>
<doc id="20224784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224784" title="Muslim Kamboh (Uttar Pradesh)">
Muslim Kamboh (Uttar Pradesh)

The Muslim Kamboh of Uttar Pradesh are a Muslim community that is part of the wider Kamboh ethnic group of South Asia. They are also known as Zubairi. The Muslim Kamboh are found mainly in the Rohilkhand and Doab region. They are entirely Sunni and speak Urdu. As much as half the community has emigrated to Pakistan, and are now found mainly in Karachi.

</doc>
<doc id="20224785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224785" title="1995 Monte Carlo Open – Singles">
1995 Monte Carlo Open – Singles

Andriy Medvedev was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Thomas Muster won the title, defeating Boris Becker 4–6, 5–7, 6–1, 7–6(8–6), 6–0 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20224794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224794" title="Color of Compassion">
Color of Compassion

Color of Compassion is the third album by the band Ellison. It was released on June 3, 2008, independently, two years after their previous album "Say Goodnight, Sleep Alone". Ellison described the album as a representation of a "change in season" for the band and what they had to overcome.

</doc>
<doc id="20224803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224803" title="Juan Covarrubias">
Juan Covarrubias

Juan Carlos Covarrubias Muñoz (born 1961), commonly known as Juan Covarrubias or sometimes El Copihue de cobre y El 10 de la zurda mágica, is a Chilean footballer was plays as Left midfielder in Chile's Primera División.
Career.
Very good technique, played by the banks as a pointer skilfully southpaw, made his debut in 1976 in Talca Rangers, later defended the colors of his hometown of Green Cross Temuco in 1980. Then in 1983 he was part of the cast of Cobreloa and vie for the Copa Libertadores and even wear the shirt of the selection of Chilean football.
In 1995 he arrived at Everton in Viña del Mar and while his contract was for two years chose to leave because of problems in the team. Before ending his career, joined the staff of Ñublense. After finishing his career as a footballer, he devoted himself entirely to his business of moving personnel and cargo transport. Currently serves as the technical manager of football young Ñublense.
Famous striker Marcelo Salas, also born in Temuco, has mentioned Juan Covarrubias as a childhood idol.

</doc>
<doc id="20224836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224836" title="The Princess">
The Princess

"The Princess" refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="20224843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224843" title="Oops Upside Your Head">
Oops Upside Your Head

"I Don't Believe You Want to Get Up and Dance (Oops!)", (titled "Oops Upside Your Head" on the single), is a 1979 funk anthem recorded by the R&B group The Gap Band and released off their fourth album, "The Gap Band II". 
The single was released in several countries in different formats. In America, it was a 12" with the B-side being "Party Lights". In Holland, the 12 B-side was "The Boys Are Back in Town". In France, the single was a 7" with no B-side.
The single became an international hit for the group upon its late 1979 release, though it failed to reach the Billboard Hot 100 (peaking at number-one on its Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart), the song hit the top ten on the US R&B and disco charts and became a big-seller overseas where it peaked at number six in the UK and number six in the Netherlands.
Structure.
Nursery Rhyme Allusions.
Also Little Miss Muffet is mentioned.
Legacy.
The song is said to be one of the first songs to use hip-hop-styled monologues in a song. The song's success broke ground for the group, who would go on to become a successful R&B outfit throughout the 1980s. Today, it remains a popular song in the Gap Band's stable to this day.
In the UK, this song is typically "danced" to by sitting on the floor in rows and performing a rhythmic "rowing" action. The origin of this unusual dance, unique to this track, is credited to BBC Radio Solent DJ Alex Dyke, and is very widely seen. It was especially popular during the 1980s.
Sampling.
The song was sampled several times, especially during in 1990s G-Funk era:
Football chants.
In the 2000s, the song was adopted towards the end of the domestic football season by supporters of various British football clubs in danger of relegation: on winning a crucial match or securing themselves from relegation to a lower league, fans would sing 'We are staying up/Say we are staying up' to the song's tune. Conversely, those at the summit of a division would sing 'We are top of the league/Say we are top of the league'
A previous chant in the 1980s had been "You'll get a boot wrapped 'round your head" to opposing fans.
Irish football fans adopted the chant for heroic defender Paul McGrath to the tune of this song. They would sing "Ooh Ah Paul McGrath/Said Ooh Ah Paul McGrath." 
Manchester United fans had a similar chant for Eric Cantona.

</doc>
<doc id="20224861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224861" title="List of OFI Crete seasons">
List of OFI Crete seasons

OFI Crete seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="20224884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224884" title="Shkrel">
Shkrel

Shkrel is a municipality in the Malësi e Madhe District, Shkodër County, northwestern Albania. 
Settlements.
There are 12 settlements within Shkrel. 

</doc>
<doc id="20224888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224888" title="Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's long jump">
Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's long jump

The men's long jump was one of four men's jumping events on the Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics program in Mexico City. Bob Beamon won in a new world record of 8.90m; a record which stood for 23 years.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
Results.
Final.
Held on October 18, 1968
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20224890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224890" title="Steal Hear">
Steal Hear

Steal Hear is an album by American recording artist Coolio. It was released on October 28, 2008, by Super Cool Recordings. The only single is Gangsta Walk, which features Snoop Dogg, and was released in 2006, on Coolio's fifth album. Most songs on this album were taken from coolio's previous studio album "The Return of the Gangsta", which was released in 2006.
Track listing.
Tracklist confirmed by iTunes and songwriting credits are confirmed by Allmusic.com.
Personnel.
Confirmed by Allmusic.com.

</doc>
<doc id="20224899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224899" title="Many Too Many">
Many Too Many

"Many Too Many" is a song performed by Genesis and released as a single from the album "...And Then There Were Three..." in 1978. The single peaked at number 43 on the UK Chart. Its B-side had two non-album songs, "Vancouver" and "The Day the Light Went Out", both of which were released on compact disc on the "" box set. A music video was filmed for the song.
The song includes the last use of a Mellotron on any Genesis studio recording, though Tony Banks did use one (albeit very sparingly) on his solo album "A Curious Feeling", released in 1979.
B Sides
Live.
The song was never performed live although it was rehearsed for the album's tour, and was suggested by Tony Banks to be played on the 2007 tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20224903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224903" title="Memphis Technical High School">
Memphis Technical High School

Memphis Technical High School is a now-closed high school that served downtown Memphis from 1911 to 1987. The current building was constructed in 1927. The beautiful building is still operated by the Memphis City Schools as The Northwest Preparatory Academy, serving children who are unable to function in a regular school environment.
History.
Some think this special high school in Memphis began in 1878 as Hope Night School, a private school for boys who had been orphaned by the US Civil War and the Yellow Fever epidemic. However, new evidence has surfaced that the school actually began in 1911 as Memphis Vocational High School. The Board of Education authorized this new school in July 1911, and opened it September 1911, in the just-vacated Memphis High School building at 317 Poplar. The board opened it at the same time as the new Central High School opened, and it was meant "...to take the load off the new Central High, so that additional schools would not have to be built for some time".
Memphis Vocational High School was the first vocational high school in the US. It had 72 students in grades 7 to 10 and classes began to grow immediately. In 1917, Mr. J. L. Highsaw, who had been a classroom teacher, became principal of the school. In 1918 the school name was changed to Crockett Vocational High School and there were now 4 teachers and 232 students. In 1921 the name was again changed to Crockett Technical High School. And in 1928 the school became Memphis Technical High School.
From the beginning the school suffered "growing pains" and a new building was needed. It was determined that the old nearby palatial Van Vleet mansion on Poplar Avenue would be torn down for the "finest school building in the South." The school board paid $90,000 for the tract on which the home was located, and spent $500,000 to build the new school. The architectural firm of Hanker, Cairns, and Wallace was chosen to build the school. By the time the new building opens, "Tech" will be bursting at the seams - with an overflow of classes being shifted to the Jefferson Annex (Actually the old Fowlkes School on Jefferson).
In 1928 the new building at 1266 Poplar was completed and the official name is now Memphis Technical High School. The Classic building, is very beautiful. At the main entrance there are four Corinthian columns, supporting a portico on the front. Certain elements from the old Van Vleet mansion were added to the site: Two stone lions at the east gate (They were moved to the entrance of the Memphis Zoo and more recently to a central place within the zoo), a great stone bench from the mansion's green house, and two huge classic urns at the top of the entrance steps. Indeed, the four columns and portico of Tech's entrance reflect the entrance of the Van Vleet mansion.
The equipment throughout the school was the latest and most modern. All lockers were recessed into the walls. On the first floor were the biology, physics rooms, along with home-making and dressmaking. And unlike most schools, the administrative offices were located on the second floor. Also on this floor were the commercial departments, including bookkeeping and typing. On the western side of this floor was the magnificent library room. On the third floor eastern side were the two splendidly arranged commercial art rooms. On the western side was located the beautifully equipped chemical laboratory and lecture room. By 1936, Tech had 47 teachers and over 1400 students.
Principal Highsaw retired in 1957 and Mr. W. A. Bourne became principal. He retired in 1975. Tech continued to grow until the "decline of the cities" in the 1970s. With changing demographics of the inner-city, it finally closed in 1987.
References.
Memphis Commercial Appeal, Sep 4, 1911

</doc>
<doc id="20224934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224934" title="Morane-Saulnier MS.147">
Morane-Saulnier MS.147

__NOTOC__
The Morane-Saulnier MS.147 and its derivatives, the MS.148 and MS.149 were a family of trainer aircraft produced in France in the late 1920s for civil and military use. They were derived from other machines in Morane-Saulnier's successful line of monoplane trainers, combining the wire-braced parasol wing of the MS.138 with the fuselage and undercarriage of the MS.130.
The various subtypes saw service with the "Aéronavale", "Aéropostale", and a number of foreign air arms. They were largely withdrawn from French military service by 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="20224936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224936" title="Potez 56">
Potez 56

The Potez 56 was a 1930s French executive transport monoplane built by Potez and later used as a military crew trainer and liaison aircraft.
__NOTOC__
Development.
Designed by Louis Coroller, the Potez 56 was a cantilever low-wing monoplane of mainly wood construction. It has a single fin and rudder, and was powered by two Potez 9Ab radial engines. It had a retractable conventional landing gear, and room for a crew of two and six passengers. The prototype first flew on 18 June 1934, and production commenced for the civil market. The military soon became interested in the aircraft and ordered versions for twin-engined training, liaison duties and as a target tug. The most unusual version was the Potez 565, modified with an arrester hook for use on the aircraft carrier Béarn.

</doc>
<doc id="20224941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224941" title="Jonas Wærn">
Jonas Wærn

Jonas Wærn (1915–2003) was a Swedish military officer who led Swedish, Irish, and Indian peacekeeping troops in the Congo Crisis. He also commanded Swedish forces on Cyprus in 1964. Later, he served as adjutant to Gustaf VI Adolf of Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20224943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224943" title="Florence (dragger)">
Florence (dragger)

Florence is a western rig dragger located at Mystic Seaport in Mystic, Connecticut, United States. "Florence" was built in 1926 by Franklin G. Post along the Mystic River and was used as a dragger in Long Island Sound. In 1982 "Florence" was acquired by Mystic Seaport and completely restored to her original configuration. "Florence" is the only working dragger in a museum collection. "Florence" is now used to carry students to collect marine biology specimens from Fishers Island Sound.

</doc>
<doc id="20224946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224946" title="Ronald C. Raymond">
Ronald C. Raymond

Ronald C. Raymond is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 162nd District since 1985. He and his wife live in Ridley Park, Pennsylvania and have 2 children. He retired prior to the 2008 election and will be succeeded by Republican Nick Miccarelli.

</doc>
<doc id="20224949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224949" title="Jeff Bower (basketball)">
Jeff Bower (basketball)

Jeff Bower (born April 26, 1961) is the current head men's basketball coach at Marist College and the former general manager of the New Orleans Hornets. Bower held the Hornets head coaching position during most of the 2009–10 season, and the GM position twice (in 2002–03 and from 2005–10).
Hornets general manager.
Bower helped rebuild the Hornets, despite the troubles Hurricane Katrina placed on the club and the city of New Orleans in general. He took a giant step in re-writing Hornets history by trading franchise piece Baron Davis to the Warriors, then selecting guard Chris Paul fourth overall in the 2005 NBA Draft.
The disaster Katrina caused forced the Hornets to move to Oklahoma City until the 2007–08 NBA season, but Bower continued to build his club. Through trade, draft, and signings, the Hornets actually competed in their two seasons in Oklahoma with a 38–44 record in 2005–06 and 39–43 in 2006–07. Yet again, another series of trials and tribulations, the Hornets improved and contended. Injuries to Paul (for 18 games), Peja Stojakovic (for sixty-nine), and scoring big man David West (for thirty) dampened the opportunity to make the playoffs.
For 2007–08, the Hornets came back home to open arms. They broke out, with the dangerous roster of Tyson Chandler (whom Bower traded for in 2006 for J.R. Smith), Paul, Stojakovic, West, and new acquisition Morris Peterson (from Toronto), with pieces like 3-point specialists Rasual Butler and Jannero Pargo (the former acquired in a 2005 trade, the latter left prior to the 2008–09 NBA season) and rebounders Melvin Ely and Ryan Bowen; and developing youth such as Julian Wright and Hilton Armstrong (both draft picks of the Hornets). The general of it all was Coach of the Year Byron Scott prior to the 2004–05 NBA season, and the Hornets won 56 games, their first divisional title, and were labeled "contender" by many analysts.
Bower's performance in spearheading the Hornets from lottery team to contender gave him 12 votes from the sportswriters for the "Sporting News" NBA Executive of the Year, behind Lakers' GM Mitch Kupchak and winner, Boston Celtics' Danny Ainge.
Bower helped draft David West, J.R. Smith, Chris Paul, Darren Collison and Marcus Thronton. Bower had been with the organization for 14 years, beginning in 1995–96, director of scouting, director of player personnel, as a scout, GM (in 2002–03), and assistant to former coaches Paul Silas and Tim Floyd. Bowers erved as an advance scout for the Charlotte Hornets in 1995-97 and the Hornets Director of Scouting in 1997-2009. He also was an associate head coach at Marist College from 1990–95, prior to that, being an assistant coach at both Marist and Penn State University.
Hornets head coach.
On November 12, 2009, Bower was made the head coach of the team after the firing of Byron Scott. He led the team to a 34–39 record despite injury problems in the team. At the end of the season, he stepped down from the coaching duty and returned to his position as a general manager. He was replaced by Monty Williams. Bower and the Hornets parted ways on July 13, 2010.
Marist.
On April 10, 2013 it was announced that he will take over as coach of the Marist College Men's basketball team. Bower served as an assistant coach for the Red Foxes from 1986 to 1995 for the team's 1987 NCAA Tournament appearance and ECAC Metro Conference regular-season championships in 1987 and 1988. Bower also aided in the development of Rik Smits, the second overall pick in the 1988 NBA Draft by the Indiana Pacers. 
Family and personal.
Bower and his wife, Lisa and have a daughter, Lindsey, born in January 2003. He holds a bachelor of arts degree in history and education from Saint Francis University in Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20224965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224965" title="Turbo chinensis">
Turbo chinensis

Turbo (Batillus) chinensis is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
Description.
The maximum dimension of the shell can be up to 75 mm.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the China Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="20224969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224969" title="Clara Petrozzi">
Clara Petrozzi

Clara Petrozzi (former Clara Petrozzi-Stubin, born Clara Cristina Petrozzi Helasvuo on 30 December 1965) is a Peruvian-born violinist, violist, musicologist and composer. She is presently based in Finland.
Biography.
Clara was born in Lima, Peru in 1965. Her mother is the Finnish cellist Annika Helasvuo, and her uncle is Finnish flutist Mikael Helasvuo. In 1972 she began studying violin in Lima and Quito, Ecuador with Dee Martz, Manuel Díaz, Mario Ortiz, Egon Fellig and Yolanda Kronberger. In Lima she was a member of several chamber ensembles and young people orchestras. She has performed as viola soloist with the Peruvian National Symphony, the National Conservatory Symphony and the "Camerata de Lima" orchestras.
She studied Suzuki pedagogy with Marilyn O'Boyle and has worked as a violin teacher since 1983. She received a degree in music education employing the Suzuki method, from the European Suzuki Association (2005). She studied viola in Finland with Jouko Mansnerus between 1990 and 1996, and Music Theory at the Espoo Music Institute.
Clara Petrozzi studied Musicology at the University of Helsinki; she also studied Composition and Orchestration with Harri Vuori between 1999 and 2001, premiering her compositions in Finland and Peru. At present she is a violin teacher at the Orbinski Music School in Espoo and at the Käpylä Music School.
Her Master Thesis is an analysis of "Homenaje a Stravinsky (Homage to Stravinsky)", by Peruvian composer Édgar Valcárcel, and its relations with popular music. She defended her PhD thesis in 2009, being its subject on Peruvian orchestral music between 1945 and 2005. To complement this work she has created a catalogue that can be accessed online. At present she is researching on Latin-American music presence in Finland.
Petrozzi has presented papers and lectures at seminars organized by the Ibero-American Centre of the University of Helsinki, where she has offered lectures on Peruvian orchestral music (2003, 2004); at the New Winds in Musicology seminars at the University of Helsinki (2004, 2005, 2006, 2008); at the Finnish National Congress on Musicology at Tampere University (2008); and at the Congress "Multiculturalism and Arts" at the University of Turku (2008). In 2009 she presented a paper on the subject in the 28th International Congress of the Latin-American Studies Association. In 2006 she was awarded a prize in Musicology by the National Conservatory of Peru. She has also made presentations for the SysMus09 Conference of 2009 in Gent, Belgium, and the Beyond the Centres Conference of 2010 in Thessaloniki, Greece.
Clara Petrozzi is member of the Círculo de Composición del Perú.

</doc>
<doc id="20224971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224971" title="Carolina Cobra">
Carolina Cobra

Carolina Cobra is a steel Vekoma boomerang roller coaster located at Carowinds. It was the first roller coaster addition to Carowinds since the park's purchase by Cedar Fair from Paramount Parks. It was previously located at Geauga Lake from 1996-2007.
History.
Carolina Cobra, originally named The Mind Eraser, opened at Geauga Lake in 1996. It was renamed to Head Spin when Cedar Fair purchased Six Flags Worlds of Adventure from Six Flags in 2004. On September 21, 2007, Cedar Fair announced that Geauga Lake & Wildwater Kingdom would no longer operate as an amusement park, and instead become solely a waterpark, Wildwater Kingdom. The ride was moved to Carowinds, where it is now called Carolina Cobra. The ride occupies the spot of the Flying Super Saturator roller coaster, which was dismantled and put up for sale after the 2008 season. This was the first roller coaster for Carowinds since the addition of Nighthawk in 2004. Carolina Cobra opened on March 28, 2009.
Ride experience.
Carolina Cobra is one of over 50 boomerang coasters installed by Vekoma around the world, but it is the first roller coaster to feature all new re-designed MK-1212 trains directly from Vekoma After dispatch, the train is pulled backwards up the lift hill. After that, riders are dropped down, fly back through the station and into a Cobra Roll element. The riders then are taken through a 360-degree vertical Loop and are sent up a second hill. The riders pause, and are sent down to do the full circuit again backwards.
Incidents.
On October 18, 2009, the Carolina Cobra's second lift hill failed to catch, resulting in a rollback that couldn't make it back through the second set of inversions The passengers were able to exit the ride onto a nearby platform. All of passengers were taken to first aid. Seven of the riders were released back into the park; the eighth was taken to a local hospital and examined. No serious injuries were reported.

</doc>
<doc id="20224986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224986" title="Yearning for Your Love">
Yearning for Your Love

"Yearning for Your Love" is a quiet storm ballad recorded and released by The Gap Band on Mercury Records. The single was the third release off the band's fifth album, "The Gap Band III". Four different singles, each with a different B-side, were released in 1981.
The song became a modest hit on the US and UK charts when it was released; it arose to number five on the Hot Soul Singles chart and number sixty on the Billboard Hot 100. Written by keyboardist Ronnie Wilson and Gap Band backing member/keyboardist Oliver Scott, it was a romantic love song dedicated to Wilson's wife at the time and was performed by Ronnie's brother Charlie Wilson.
Cover versions.
In 1989, French pianist Alex Bugnon covered the song from his popular album "Love Season."
In 1990, Guy also covered the song on their 1990 album The Future. 
In 2001, keyboardist Kevin Toney covered the song from his album "Strut". The song featured Evelyn "Champagne" King on vocals.
Structure.
The song was markedly different in style from the past few hits, with less emphasis on synthesizers, instead on "light slices of guitar and soft percussion". It is said Charlie's smooth baritone take on the song helped the song become influential to contemporary R&B singers such as Keith Sweat, Johnny Gill; Ronald Isley and Gerald Levert.
Sampling.
The song has been sampled several times:

</doc>
<doc id="20224991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224991" title="Kelmend">
Kelmend

Kelmend is a municipality in the Malësi e Madhe District, Shkodër County, northwestern Albania. 
Settlements.
The municipality is part of the larger Kelmend region, and consists of eight major settlements, along with several other minor settlements.

</doc>
<doc id="20224995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224995" title="Anna Soler-Pont">
Anna Soler-Pont

Anna Soler-Pont (b. 1968), is a Spanish writer. She was born in Barcelona, where she still lives. 
After her studies of Arab Philology, she spent some time in Cairo, and an overland trip from Barcelona to New Delhi marked her professional career. In 1992 she founded Pontas Literary & Film Agency, representing a wide range of authors and maintaining its focus on multicultural projects. In 2005 she published an anthology of African stories and legends entitled "A Marvellous Book of African Stories for Children". In 2007, she published the book "Rastres de sàndal", co-authored with Asha Miró.

</doc>
<doc id="20224996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20224996" title="Blum Basin Falls">
Blum Basin Falls

Blum Basin Falls is a waterfall in Whatcom County, in the U.S. state of Washington. It is located in North Cascades National Park on the headwaters of Blum Creek, a tributary of the Baker River. Fed by two small retreating glaciers and several snowfields on the southern side of Mount Blum, the waterfall is formed by the largest meltwater stream that feeds the mainstem of Blum Creek. The falls tumble down a high glacial headwall several miles within the national park in two distinct stages; the first is a series of slides over rounded rock, above the tree line, and the second is a series of near-vertical plunges to the forested valley below. Although most of the falls is clearly visible, parts of it are obscured by tall pines that grow at its base. There is no trail leading to the waterfall.
Etymology.
The falls takes its name from the creek, which in turn receives its name from Mount Blum, which was named for John Blum, a United States Forest Service fire patrol pilot killed in an early 20th-century plane crash.
Statistics.
The series of cascades totals in height, although this distance has never been officially measured. The falls occur over a run of Blum Creek, although again, this distance is only approximated. During peak flow, when high temperatures accelerate melting of ice and snow in the upper basin, the creek may be able to flow over per second, with an average width of . Contrarily, during low winter temperatures, the ice and snow ceases to melt, and the falls diminish in volume or may stop flowing completely.
History and access.
In 1920, the first reported sighting of the falls was by Pacific Northwest photographer Asahel Curtis, who also photographed the falls. However, as that date was before Mount Blum was named, the waterfall was also unknown and unnamed, and remains obscure to this day. Today, the Baker River Trail leads upstream several miles along the Baker River, and as it crosses Blum Creek, one may obtain a view of the upper portion of the falls. The falls is also visible from a portion of the Shuksan Lakes Trail, which climbs Mount Shuksan on the opposite side of the Baker River valley. From this trail better views are obtained. However, as the falls are not the best in the area, and as more well-known Sulphide Creek Falls is close, the falls are little-known by most visitors to the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20225006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225006" title="Thomas F. Yewcic">
Thomas F. Yewcic

Thomas F. Yewcic was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 72nd District from 1993 until 2008. He and his wife live in Jackson Township and have 2 children. He retired prior to the 2008 election and was succeeded by Democrat Frank Burns.

</doc>
<doc id="20225008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225008" title="Annaclone">
Annaclone

Annaclone () is a hamlet and civil parish between Rathfriland and Banbridge in south County Down, Northern Ireland. 
It was the birthplace of Patrick Bronte, father to the famous Bronte novelists, which has led to the area of southern Annaclone becoming known as 'The Bronte Homeland'. Although Patrick Bronte's house is now in ruins, the nearby Bronte Interpretative Centre maintains the link between the family and the area. 
The geography of Annaclone is typical of much of the area around the Mourne Mountains with rolling drumlins and farmland. The marsh in the Ardbrin area of Annaclone is of particular historical interest and several Celtic artefacts were found in it, including a horn known as the 'Ardbrin Horn' which now resides in the Ulster Museum. Lough Corbet is a particular place of interest for anglers while the highest point of the parish, locally known as 'the Knock' offers panoramic views of the Mourne Mountains towards the south and Slieve Croob towards the north east. There is also an ancient cairn on the summit. Historically the area belonged to the Magennis clan, whose castle, no longer standing, was situated in nearby Rathfriland. Indeed, the aforementioned Celtic artefacts found in the parish cement its link with the ancient clan.
The parish has a strong GAA club, Annaclone GAC (Gaelic Athletic Club). Founded in 1897 it is the second oldest club of its kind in the county after Leitrim Fontenoys. Annaclone also plays host to a stage of the Circuit of Ireland Rally as well as many cycling events throughout the year. 

</doc>
<doc id="20225024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225024" title="Joe Calvert">
Joe Calvert

Joe Calvert (3 February 1907 – 23 December 1929) was a professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Bristol Rovers, Leicester City and Watford. He is one of the oldest players ever to play for either Leicester or Watford in the Football League; he transferred from Leicester to Watford a few weeks before his 41st birthday. He holds the record for being Leicester's oldest ever player aged 40 years and 313 days.

</doc>
<doc id="20225044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225044" title="Qendër, Malësi e Madhe">
Qendër, Malësi e Madhe

Qendër is a municipality in the Malësi e Madhe District, Shkodër County, northwestern Albania. 
Settlements.
There are 8 settlements within Qendër. 

</doc>
<doc id="20225058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225058" title="Duets (Kenny Rogers album)">
Duets (Kenny Rogers album)

Duets was a special 1984 album released by Liberty Records from Kenny Rogers. It was issued after Rogers left the label and signed to RCA Nashville.
Overview.
"Duets" opens with "We've Got Tonight", a hit 1983 single with Sheena Easton. Side two begins with another classic duet, "Don't Fall in Love with a Dreamer" with Kim Carnes from the 1980 album "Gideon". All of the remaining eight songs on the album are with Dottie West and come from his two collaboration albums with West, including the 1978 hit "Every Time Two Fools Collide" from the 1978 album of the same name. However, their duet "What Are We Doin' in Love" (a #1 country and top 40 pop hit) from 1981 is missing.
Also included on this album is Sonny and Cher's "All I Ever Need Is You". Rogers' producer Larry Butler co-wrote "(Hey Won't You Play) Another Somebody Done Somebody Wrong Song" with Chips Moman. "'Til I Can Make It On My Own" and "That's the Way It Could Have Been" are two Tammy Wynette numbers.
While this is a compilation album, there was still a single released from it. "Together Again", one of the many duets with West and which first appeared on "Classics", reached #19 on the US country chart and #29 in Canada.
The album was eventually certified platinum and gold in the US and Canada, respectively. It reached #43 on the US country charts and #85 on the pop charts in 1984. It was one of three Kenny Rogers albums to chart that year, the others being new releases on RCA.
Track listing.
All tracks with Dottie West, unless otherwise indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="20225059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225059" title="South Korea national football team results – 1970s">
South Korea national football team results – 1970s

This is a list of football games played by the Korea Republic national football team between 1970 and 1979. Korea Republic's score is shown first.

</doc>
<doc id="20225086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225086" title="Bulgaria national futsal team">
Bulgaria national futsal team

The Bulgaria national futsal team represents Bulgaria in international futsal competitions and is controlled by the Bulgarian Football Union.
Current squad.
"As of January 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="20225092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225092" title="Stefan Hodgetts">
Stefan Hodgetts

Stefan Hodgetts (born 17 June 1982 in Bromsgrove) is a British auto racing driver, best known for driving a part season in the British Touring Car Championship. His father Chris was twice champion of the BTCC.
Racing career.
After starting in karting, he switched to single-seater racing in 1998, in Formula 600. In 1999 he finished fifth in the Formula Vauxhall Championship and fourth in Formula Ford Winter Series. He had drives in both the Formula Ford Championship and the Formula Renault Championship in 2000, and Formula Ford Championship and Formula Renault Euro Cup in 2001. In 2003 he raced in the inaugural SEAT Cupra Championship, finishing the season third in points. In 2004 he got a drive in the BTCC for the Gary Ayles ran Team Sureterm. He did not start the season till round thirteen at Mondello Park in a Vauxhall Astra Coupe. After missing the meeting at Knockhill he rejoined for the rest of the season at Brands Hatch for the same team, but in an Alfa Romeo 156. He finished fifteenth in the independents championship, and total standings in eighteenth with four points.
He drove in the Renault Clio Cup in 2007 for MOMO UK, and for Total Control Racing in 2008. He made a one-off appearance in the guest car in the Ginetta G50 Cup at Croft in 2010, finishing on the podium in all three races.
Racing record.
Complete Renault Clio Cup United Kingdom results.
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in "italics" indicate fastest lap) 
Complete Porsche Carrera Cup Great Britain results.
† Ineligible for championship points.
Complete Ginetta G50 Cup/GT Supercup results.
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in "italics" indicate fastest lap) 
† Not eligible for points.
Complete Trofeo Abarth 500 GB results.
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in "italics" indicate fastest lap) 

</doc>
<doc id="20225100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225100" title="2008 Burkina Faso bus crash">
2008 Burkina Faso bus crash

The 2008 Burkina Faso bus crash was a bus accident on 5:30 am, November 15, 2008, that claimed the lives of more than 60 persons near the town of Boromo in Burkina Faso. A heavily-loaded truck carrying 80 people collided with an overloaded bus carrying 95 people on National Highway 1, about six kilometers from Boromo. The bus, was on its way to Côte d'Ivoire. The run had started started from Imasgho, and additional riders were picked up at Koudougou. The truck was traveling from Banfora. Following the collision, the bus caught fire and 54 persons were burned to death inside the bus. Eleven others who escaped died of their injuries. The victims were transported to the hospital at Souro Bobo. The truck driver reportedly survived the collision. Police investigators speculated that the truck driver had fallen asleep at the wheel, based on a lack of skidmarks 
. The Burkina Faso Minister of Transport, Gilbert Noël Ouédraogo, commented that "We lament 96 victims, of whom 66 have died". It was considered the worst traffic accident in Burkina Faso since May 4, 2004, when 35 people died in the fiery collision of a bus and a gasoline truck at Niangoloko. On March 7, 1976, 23 UNESCO workers were killed after their bus fell into a ravine. 
On December 7, a joint religious service was held at the national cathedral for the victims, who had been Christians and Moslems. The mass was presided over by the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Ougadougou, Jean-Marie Compaore, and Protestant and Moslem clerics presided as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20225130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225130" title="Chenango County Sheriff's Office">
Chenango County Sheriff's Office

The Chenango County Sheriff's Office (CCSO) is the chief law enforcement agency for unincorporated areas of Chenango County, New York, New York, USA. The current sheriff is Ernest R Cutting Jr.
Divisions.
The CCSO is organized into the following divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="20225138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225138" title="Shalom Hedaya">
Shalom Hedaya

Shalom Hedaya (1864 – 1945), the son of Rabbi Moshe Hayyim Hedaya and Sabtiah Shamah, was orphaned at an early age and was very poor. He was so poor he had no one to take care of him and he considered leaving the path of Torah in order to earn a living. He was fortunate enough to receive help from Ribbi Shelomo Safdeye, Ribbi Ovadiah Moshe Antebi, Ribbi Shmuel Silvera and Senor Aharon Silvera. He was taught by the great Kabbalist Ribbi Moshe Swed, the Av Beit Din Ribbi Yits`haq Bekhor Mizra`hi and later on Rabbi Shaul Sitton, who became Head of the Rabbinical Court in Buenos Aires.
Rabbi Hedaya visited Jerusalem in 1890. He developed an illness in his eyes and soon became blind. He traveled to Alexandria, Egypt for surgery and completely recovered. In 1899, he settled in Jerusalem, where he was widely respected. In 1904, he became Judge of the Beit Din for Sephardic Jews and in 1930 he became head of the court. After a time, he became very ill and had to travel to Amman, where he was treated and cured. When Rabbi Hedaya returned to Jerusalem, he became the Rabbi of Beit El Synagogue and was given the title Harav Hachasid.
At a young age, Rabbi Hedaya married Sarah Labaton and they had four sons: Rabbi Isaac Hedaya, Rabbi Ovadia Hedaya, Moshe and Ezra, and two daughters, Mazal and Rena. Rena married Rabbi Moshe Ezra Mizrahi and she died at a young age. Mazal married Rabbi Jacob S. Kassin, who became Chief Rabbi of Brooklyn's Syrian Jewish community in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="20225161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225161" title="Oprah Winfrey's endorsement of Barack Obama">
Oprah Winfrey's endorsement of Barack Obama

Oprah Winfrey’s endorsement of Barack Obama was one of the most widely covered and studied developments of the 2008 presidential campaign. Winfrey has been described as for her impact on culture and her proven record as a taste-maker and trend-setter, and there was much interest in whether that influence could translate politically since she had never before endorsed a candidate. Winfrey first endorsed Obama in September 2006 before he had even declared himself a candidate. In May 2007 Winfrey made her first endorsement of candidate Obama, and in December 2007, she made her first campaign appearances for him. Two economists estimate that Winfrey’s endorsement was worth over a million votes in the Democratic primary race and that without it, Obama would have lost the nomination. Then-Governor of Illinois Rod Blagojevich claimed that the endorsement was so significant in electing Obama president that he considered offering Obama's former seat in the Senate to Winfrey.
Winfrey’s endorsement power.
Winfrey was at times called "arguably the world's most powerful woman" by CNN and Time.com, "arguably the most influential woman in the world" by The American Spectator, "" and "one of the most influential people" of 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011 by "Time". Winfrey is the only person in the world to have made all nine lists.
At the end of the 20th century "Life" listed Winfrey as both the most influential woman and the most influential black person of her generation, and in a cover story profile the magazine called her "America's most powerful woman".
Ladies Home Journal also ranked Winfrey number one in their list of the most powerful women in America and then senator Barack Obama has said she "may be the most influential woman in the country". In 1998 Winfrey became the first woman and first African American to top Entertainment Weekly's list of the 101 most powerful people in the entertainment industry. In 2003 Winfrey edged out both Superman and Elvis Presley to be named the greatest pop culture icon of all time by VH1. "Forbes" named her the world's most powerful celebrity in 2005, 2007, and 2008. Columnist Maureen Dowd seems to agree with such assessments:
"Vanity Fair" wrote:
Bill O'Reilly said:
Biographer Kitty Kelley states that she has always been “fascinated” by Winfrey:
The power of Winfrey’s endorsement has been most consistently measured by the spike in sales that products receive when she endorses them on her show, most notably, books selected for Oprah's Book Club.
"Business Week" stated:
The power of Winfrey’s endorsement is also credited with making Dr. Phil, who got his start appearing on Winfrey’s show, into a household name, hit talk show host, and the author of multiple best-sellers.
Endorsing Barack Obama.
On September 25, 2006, Winfrey appeared on Larry King Live and was asked about a fan who started a campaign to get Winfrey to run for president. Larry King noted that Winfrey's lawyers had apparently warned the man to stop the campaign. Winfrey chided the lawyers and advised the fan to “take all your energy, and put it in Barack Obama”. Winfrey explained that Obama was her favorite senator and she hoped he would run for president. Then, on October 19, 2006, Winfrey interviewed Obama and his wife on her show and reiterated the endorsement that she had previously made on Larry King, while promoting his book The Audacity of Hope. Winfrey explained that she would be on the air for several more years, so if he ever decided to run, she would hope he would announce it on her show. Obama’s appearance on Oprah caused his book to reach the No. 1 spot on both Amazon.com’s and the "New York Times"' bestseller list. Immediately following Winfrey’s two endorsements, Time magazine put Obama on their October 23, 2006 cover with the caption "Why Barack Obama could be the next president."
Obama eventually decided to announce his candidacy, not on The Oprah Winfrey Show, but at the steps of the Illinois state legislature. With Obama officially becoming a candidate for president in 2008, Winfrey decided not to interview him or any other candidate during the campaign because as a vocal Obama supporter, she noted that she may be unable to be objective.
In May 2007, Winfrey once again appeared on Larry King Live and was asked if her endorsement of Obama still applied. She replied “of course” and explained that what Obama stood for was worth her going out on a limb for. When King asked Winfrey if there was a woman side of her that would lean towards Obama’s opponent, then front-runner Hillary Clinton, Winfrey explained that she had great respect for Senator Clinton, and that her endorsement of Obama did not imply that she was against anyone else. After endorsing Obama, however, Oprah's ratings fell 7%.
In June 2008, when Obama secured the Democratic nomination, Winfrey told Entertainment Tonight:
In late August 2008, Winfrey attended the Democratic convention and reacted emotionally to Obama’s speech, telling reporters "I've never experienced anything like that. I cried my eyelashes off." Elaborating further, Winfrey explained "I woke up this morning and I went to Google and I googled the entire Martin Luther King speech because like most Americans I, you know, you listen to the 'I Have a Dream' part. In the earlier part of the speech, he talks about the promise of democracy. And I think that today that promise was fulfilled in a way that I never imagined in my lifetime." Winfrey also told reporters:
Fundraising.
In the Fall of 2007 Winfrey held a fundraiser for Obama at her California home and raised several million dollars. In October 2008 Winfrey hosted a second fundraiser for Obama, this time in Chicago.
Campaign appearances.
In the fall of 2007, Obama was considered a long shot, an absolute outsider in the race for the Democratic Party nomination for president of the United States and was still considered unlikely to win the Iowa caucus, and polls showed him losing the black vote to Clinton. In late November 2007, the Obama campaign announced that Winfrey would be campaigning for Obama for a series of rallies in the early primary states of Iowa, New Hampshire, and South Carolina. The Columbia, South Carolina event on December 9, 2007 drew a crowd of nearly 30,000, the largest for any political event of 2007.
Newsweek’s Howard Fineman reviewed Winfrey’s speech in South Carolina:
Impact.
More than one million votes.
Using a novel methodology, Craig Garthwaite and Tim Moore, economists at the University of Maryland, College Park concluded that Winfrey's endorsement of Obama not only netted him 1,015,559 votes in the Democratic primary alone (with a 95% confidence interval of 423,123 to 1,596,995) but decided the election. The researchers were not able to apply their methodology to all states however, so their estimate does not include any additional Oprah effect that may have emerged in Texas, Michigan, North Dakota, Kansas, or Alaska.
"It does appear to have been a decisive, if not a deciding, factor," explained Garthwaite.
Garthwaite and Moore matched sales of Winfrey's "O" magazine and the spike in sales of her book club picks to Obama's votes in the Democratic primary. After controlling for a large range of confounding factors such as the fact that both Obama and Winfrey are popular with African Americans, Garthwaite and Moore showed that votes for Obama spiked in precisely the same geographic areas where Winfrey is the most popular. By applying the same methodology to Obama's 2004 Senate race, when he did not have Winfrey's endorsement, they found no relationship between Obama votes and Winfrey popularity in Illinois; the relationship only emerged after the endorsement, suggesting that Winfrey’s endorsement had caused the spike in Obama’s vote total in those counties.
Garthwaite and Moore also showed that the connection is not because people who read women's magazines preferred Obama to Clinton. Just the opposite, Obama got less support where women's magazines such as Self and People are popular. After controlling for racial demographics, the economists also found no relationship between the popularity of Ebony magazine, whose readership is largely African American, and support for Obama.
In addition to getting Obama over a million votes, the researchers found that Winfrey's support boosted campaign contributions to him in those counties where she is most popular. They found that Winfrey's biggest effect was in caucus states like Iowa.
During the Democratic primary, there was controversy over which states should be counted in the popular vote total and not all states released official vote counts, but it's estimated that at most, Obama won the popular vote by 151,844 votes without counting Michigan's disputed votes Clinton, however, won the popular vote by 176,645 votes when Michigan's numbers were included.
Increased viability.
Another study suggests that Winfrey’s endorsement may have also had indirect benefits for Obama. Researchers Andrew Pease and Paul R. Brewer of the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee conducted an experiment in which some subjects were exposed to news of Winfrey’s endorsement and others weren’t. They found that those who had such exposure were more likely to vote for Obama, if only because they thought her endorsement made Obama more electable; for such voters Winfrey’s endorsement was important for strategic reasons. The researchers concluded that when evaluating the impact of celebrity endorsements, one must also consider “subtler effects, such as those on viability assessments.”
Polls.
A CBS poll found that a third of all Americans claimed that most people they know would be more inclined to vote for Obama because of Winfrey’s endorsement. A study by the Pew Research Center found that Winfrey’s campaign appearances had dramatically increased Obama's visibility, especially among African-Americans.
One reason Winfrey’s endorsement was useful in helping Obama compete with Senator Clinton was because as of December 2007 (when Winfrey first began campaigning) Winfrey was the one woman in the world more admired than Hillary Clinton among American women.
Political commentary.
“There’s no doubt that Oprah could tip a close presidential election if she strongly backed one candidate,” predicted psychologist James Houran.
In the May 2007 issue of "Newsmax", political analyst Dick Morris predicted Winfrey’s endorsement would have an important impact:
When asked by Larry King if there was a "woman side" of Oprah that "would lean towards a Hillary" Winfrey replied:
Later Dick Morris would see significance in the fact that Winfrey campaigned for Obama in December, and Iowa voted right after Christmas:
“Because Oprah has such a reputation as a tastemaker, I think her early endorsement forced people to take Obama’s candidacy seriously,” explained Dr. Mark Anthony Neal, author, pop culture critic and Duke University professor. “It made Obama more than a ‘Black’ candidate. Also, given Oprah’s championing of women’s issues, her decision not to support Hillary (Clinton) struck a chord for early undecideds... Obama’s people understood that much of the Black electorate in the South was made up of women, and Oprah’s campaigning with the Obamas, particularly in South Carolina, helped give the campaign some momentum"
In April 2008, "The New York Times" editorial board wrote:
“Oprah's unprecedented mid-December endorsement of Obama sent a clear signal to her mixed-race female-dominated audience that they should feel as comfortable having Obama on their living room television screens for the nightly newscast as they do having her there during late-afternoon coffee talk,” noted Thomas F. Schaller of Salon.com.
Senate seat consideration.
The then governor of Illinois reported being so impressed by Winfrey's influence on the election of Barack Obama that he considered offering Winfrey Obama's vacant senate seat. Governor Blagojevich summarized his reasons for considering Winfrey on various talk shows:
Winfrey responded to the disclosure with amusement, noting that although she was absolutely not interested, she did feel she could be a senator.
Political analyst Chris Matthews praised the idea of making Winfrey a senator suggesting that in one move it would diversify the senate and raise its collective IQ. Elaborating further he said:
Lynn Sweet of the "Chicago Sun-Times" agreed with Matthews, claiming Winfrey would be “terrific” and an “enormously popular pick.”

</doc>
<doc id="20225179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225179" title="USS Wasaka III (SP-342)">
USS Wasaka III (SP-342)

USS "Wasaka III" (SP-342) was an armed motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1919.
"Wasaka III" was a wooden-hulled motorboat built at Lynn, Massachusetts, by Britt Brothers, boat builders. Acquired by the U.S. Navy in the spring of 1917 for World War I service from Mr. John J. Martin of Boston, Massachusetts, under a free-lease agreement, "Wasaka III" apparently was manned by the Navy on 22 April 1917, as her deck log indicates that the first men — the most senior rating being a Machinist's Mate 2nd Class A. Rowbottom, USNRF — reported on board on that day. There is no record of a commissioning, and the deck log does not start until 1 June 1917.
Initially, "Wasaka III" - classified as SP-342 — operated from the Commonwealth Pier at Boston. On 26 September 1917, she shifted to the Bumkin Island section base, whence she operated for the duration of the war and into 1919.
"Wasaka III"s log ends on 31 March 1919, and she was returned to her owner on 18 April 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="20225288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225288" title="Mary Waltman">
Mary Waltman

Mary Waltman (born March 3, 1994) is an American actress who is the voice of the character Lemon Meringue in the series Strawberry Shortcake (remade in 2003). In 2006 she debuted in the movie Strawberry Shortcake: The Sweet Dreams Movie as Lemon Meringue. In 2007 she was in Berry Blossom Festival and Let's Dance, also as Lemon Meringue. In 2008 she was in Big Country Fun, also as Lemon Meringue. She has also done some voice work for the series "Horseland". She currently resides in Cincinnati, Ohio. Waltman currently attends the University of Alabama as a musical theatre major.

</doc>
<doc id="20225307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225307" title="Rassemblement Démocratique du Dahomé">
Rassemblement Démocratique du Dahomé

The Rassemblement Démocratique du Dahomé ("Dahomey Democratic Rally") was a political party of Dahomey (modern day Benin). It was named and run by Hubert Maga.
It was a regional party, as were most in Dahomey, and was heavily backed by the northern section of the French colony (particularly among the Bariba) without much support elsewhere. With this party he ran for the renewal of his mandate at January 2, 1956 legislative elections. Standing for an "active federalism within the French union", Maga won 60,601 votes of the 179,119 cast, compared to 64,344 for Apithy.
From 1961 to 1963 it was the single political party in Dahomey. After the fall of Maga in 1963, the RDD became the opposition. In 1965 the party political activities were banned by General Christophe Soglo.
In 1970 democracy was restored in Dahomey and its political activities were restored. Hubert Maga was chairman of the Presidential Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20225326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225326" title="Maro Joković">
Maro Joković

Maro Joković (born 1 October 1987, Dubrovnik) is a Croatian water polo player. He is a member of the VK Jug Dubrovnik club, and the Croatian National Water Polo team (cap number 6). He plays the right wing position and is left-handed. Joković is tall and weighs .
He won the Euro League in 2006 in Dubrovnik and the World Championship in 2007 in Melbourne. Joković began playing water polo when he was 7, in a local club near Dubrovnik, called "Gusar" (Pirate). At the age of 14, he joined VK Jug Dubrovnik and has been there since. Joković is currently studying economics at the University of Dubrovnik.

</doc>
<doc id="20225357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225357" title="Taunton Branch Railroad">
Taunton Branch Railroad

The Taunton Branch Railroad was one of the earliest railroads to be established in Massachusetts. It was chartered by the state in 1835 as a branch of the Boston and Providence Railroad (which opened in 1835) running between Mansfield and Taunton, Massachusetts. The railroad provided a rapid overland connection between the seat of Bristol County and Boston and Providence.
Origins.
The Taunton Branch Railroad opened for business in 1836. The overall length of the railroad was about 11.5 miles. Thomas B. Wales served as the company's first president.
In 1840 the Taunton Branch Railroad was extended to New Bedford, Massachusetts by the New Bedford and Taunton Railroad, providing Taunton with a direct link to the whaling port city.
The railroad opened up new markets for Taunton's a notable ironmaking industry, and would lead to the rapid development of new businesses in the coming decades.
In 1845 another branch, known as the Fall River Branch Railroad, would be built between Myricks and the emerging textile town of Fall River. However, in 1846, Fall River trains would bypass Taunton and the Boston & Providence main line with the opening of their own connection, renamed the Fall River Railroad through Middleborough and Bridgewater to the Old Colony Railroad at South Braintree.
Expansion.
In 1856, the Middleboro and Taunton Railroad was opened between Weir Village and the Cape Cod Railroad at Middleborough.
In 1870, an extension of the original Taunton Branch Railroad was opened between Mansfield and Framingham, Massachusetts, known as the Mansfield and Framingham Railroad, and leased by the adjoining Boston, Clinton and Fitchburg Railroad (BC&F).
In 1871, the Taunton Railroad built a new connection to Attleboro, providing a shortcut to Providence.
On February 2, 1874, the Taunton Branch Railroad was merged into the New Bedford Railroad. The following year, the BC&F began leasing the New Beford's line. The two companies would them merge in 1876 to become the Boston, Clinton, Fitchburg and New Bedford Railroad.
In 1879 the Old Colony Railroad leased the combined company, merging it into itself in 1883.
Today.
The southern portion of the original Taunton Branch Railroad northeast of downtown Taunton is part of the CSX Transportation freight network, along with the original extensions to New Bedford and Fall River. The CSX lines connect to an extension with Attleboro that was built in 1871 as a shortcut between Taunton and Providence, Rhode Island.
Much of the original northern portion of the Taunton Branch Railroad has been abandoned, with the northernmost section between Mansfield Center and the Mansfield Airport having been converted to a bike path.

</doc>
<doc id="20225362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225362" title="Thirumal Perumai">
Thirumal Perumai

Thirumal Perumai (தமிழ்: திருமால் பெருமை) is a Tamil-language film, directed by A.P. Nagarajan and released in 1968. It was his 9th film and also his first for 1968.It starred Sivakumar in one of his best roles ever. The film's title means "the Lord's glory" in Tamil.
Plot.
Thirumal Perumai tells three spell-bounding stories about how far you can get with Lord Vishnu's grace, and how he can solve problems.
Andal.
Goddess Lakshmi had reincarnated on earth as the daughter of a devotee. She was named Kothai.
As she grew up, she learnt about Krishna and loved him. Once, she wore the Lord's garland. Just as she was admiring herself- her father caught her and slapped her. After much crying, she promised never to wear the Lord's garland again. The devotee did service to Lord Vishnu and put the garland on him. To his surprise, it fell off.
The devotee learnt that Lord Vishnu only liked garlands that had been worn by Kothai. Kothai comes in with the previous garland and then they garland Lord Vishnu.
The story ends with Kothai merging with Lord Vishnu.
The Thief.
There is a king, who makes one of his men a king of a city. He then gives his daughter in marriage to the new king.
The new king is engrossed in war. His wife makes him change his views and he begins building a temple. Gradually he is reduced to the state of robbing to get money for God's temple. Once he comes across a wedding couple. He takes all their jewels and then looks at the groom's toe ring. He cannot remove it. The groom is actually Lord Vishnu and the bride Goddess Lakshmi. He falls at their feet and then accompanies the lord to his abode.
The Dancer.
There is a dancer who goes to see a sage. Then she vows to make him her slave. Finally the sage falls in love with her and then the dancer goes to visit her mother. While she is at the temple the sage arrives. The mother is disgusted seeing that he is not rich. Finally Lord Vishnu takes the temple deity's jewels in a pot to the mother and she welcomes the sage. The sage is accused of stealing, and just before he is going to be killed, Lord Vishnu comes and saves the day.
Cast.
Sivakumar
Padmini... Dancer
K.R.Vijaya... Andal
Sowcar Janaki... Thief's wife
Sivaji Ganesan... Thirumangai Alwar, Vishnuchitta and Thondaradi podi alwar
Soundtrack.
Songs composed by KV Mahadevan.
1. Thirumal Perumaikku Niharethu
2. Karaiyeri Meen Vilaiyadum
3. Margazhi Thingal
4. Nandalala
5. Kannanukkum Kalvanukkum Bethamillai Thozhi

</doc>
<doc id="20225393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225393" title="Takakia lepidozioides">
Takakia lepidozioides

Takakia lepidozioides is a species of moss in the Takakiaceae family, one of two species of "Takakia". It is characterized by its tiny bifid leaves in which each segment is only a few cells wide, conspicuous rhizomous shoots, and long leafless stolon shoots which facilitate the colonization of bare areas. A very unusual feature is the lack of male plants within the species, which are thought to have become extinct during an ice age.

</doc>
<doc id="20225413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225413" title="Phoenixville Tunnel">
Phoenixville Tunnel

The Phoenixville Tunnel, originally called the Fairview Tunnel, was part of the Pennsylvania Schuylkill Valley Railroad in Phoenixville, Pennsylvania. 
History.
The tunnel was built in 1884. It is approximately 809.75 feet long and 24 feet 8 inches wide. The tunnel, which was later acquired by the Pennsylvania Railroad, runs parallel to the west of Fairview Street, underneath Fillmore Street. 
After the First World War increasing competition from automobiles and trucks led to passenger train services being discontinued in 1928. However, freight services continued to use the line. The line, which was used by Conrail from Kimberton to Phoenixville, was abandoned in the 1980s. 
It is near the 1835 Phoenixville Black Rock Tunnel , the second railroad tunnel to be built in the United States.
Present day.
The tunnel is now abandoned. The original brick construction is in poor repair. A large part of the ceiling has collapsed directly under Fillmore Street prompting a three-ton gross vehicle weight limit on the road above. 
The Pennsylvania Schuylkill Valley Railroad rail right of way is being developed into the Schuylkill River Trail, a multi-use recreational / bicycle trail. However, it is not clear if the tunnel will be included.

</doc>
<doc id="20225426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225426" title="John Luttrell (soldier)">
John Luttrell (soldier)

Sir John Luttrell (c. 1518/19 – 10 July 1551) was an English soldier, diplomat, and courtier under Henry VIII and Edward VI. He served under Edward Seymour, Earl of Hertford (later Duke of Somerset and Lord Protector) in Scotland and France. His service is commemorated in an allegorical portrait by Hans Eworth.
Life and military career.
John Luttrell was the eldest son of Sir Andrew Luttrell of Dunster Castle, Somerset by his wife, Margaret, daughter of Sir Thomas Wyndham. He married Mary, daughter of Sir Griffith Ryce, by whom he had three daughters, Catherine, Dorothy, and Mary. John Luttrell, his younger brother, and his uncle Thomas Wyndham served as boy pages in the household of Cardinal Wolsey during his embassy to France in July 1527.
Luttrell accompanied Edward Seymour, Earl of Hertford in the first stages of the military expeditions to Scotland known as the Rough Wooing and was present at the taking of Edinburgh and Leith. He was knighted at Leith by Hertford on 11 May 1544, immediately following the capture and burning of Edinburgh.
In 1546, as the border wars in Scotland dragged on, Luttrell accompanied Hertford to France where the earl had been appointed commander of the English forces at the captured port of Boulogne. Luttrell commanded a force of 100 men during five months of "fast moving raids, vicious skirmishes, and ambushes" between Hertford's army and the French.
After the death of Henry VIII on 28 January 1547, Hertford, elevated to Duke of Somerset and Lord Protector to his nephew Edward VI, pursued Henry's goal of forcibly allying Scotland to England by marrying Edward to the young Mary, Queen of Scots, a conflict now known as the Rough Wooing. In September 1547, Luttrell accompanied Somerset's army into Scotland, and led the vanguard of 300 men at the Battle of Pinkie Cleugh, where the Scots were resoundingly defeated.
In the aftermath of Pinkie, Luttrell was appointed captain of the English base at the island Abbey of Inchcolm in the Firth of Forth, from whence he harassed Scottish shipping with little success. His uncle Thomas Wyndham visited in December with two warships. Eventually Inchcolm was abandoned, and Luttrell was sent north in March 1548 to captain Broughty Castle which dominated the Tay and Dundee. One of Luttrell's brothers was killed in Dundee in November 1548.
He was trusted as a diplomatist no less than as a soldier, and, in March 1549, he was appointed one of the two English commissioners to treat with the Earls of Argyll, Athol and Errol and others, with a view to the expulsion of the French (who were allied with the Scots against the English) from Scotland, and a marriage between Edward and Mary. The negotiation, however, came to nothing. Some of Luttrell's correspondence at this time was captured by the French, and still survives, but perhaps the most remarkable survival is his 'letter of defiance' written to James Doig of Dunrobin besieging him at Broughty Castle in November 1548. The tide was already turning in Scotland's favour, and at midnight on 12 February 1550 Luttrell and the garrison at Broughty surrendered to a joint French and Scottish force.
Luttrell was held for ransom as a prisoner of James Doig of Dunrobin. On the day the peace of the Treaty of Boulogne was declared in England, 29 March 1550, Thomas Wyndham was sent to Scotland with two post horses and five Scottish hostages to exchange for Luttrell. On 16 May 1550 Archbishop Hamilton organised the payment of his ransom of £1000 for the exchange of the sons of George Douglas of Pittendreich and the Master of Semple. George Douglas's son would later rule Scotland as Regent Morton. Luttrell was immediately arrested for a debt to a Dundee merchant. Regent Arran paid this £19-11s in September 1550. Back in England, he was rewarded with a gift of land in July 1550 by John Dudley, Earl of Warwick, who had seized control of the Council from Somerset in 1549.
Sir John Luttrell died in an epidemic of the sweating sickness on 10 July 1551, while preparing for an expedition to Morocco with his uncle, Thomas Wyndham.
Portrait.
An allegorical portrait of John Luttrell with the goddesses Pax, Venus, Minerva, and the Three Graces by Hans Eworth is thought to commemorate Luttrell's service with English armed forces and the subsequent Treaty of Boulogne of 24 March 1550 which formally ended England's long war with Scotland and France. John remained a prisoner in Scotland after the treaty until his debts and ransom were paid in September 1550. His brother Captain Hugh Luttrell had fought at Boulogne, but he deserted and was thought to have tried to betray the town to the French.
The painting's complex allusions to Luttrell's military service and to the role of sea power in the war with Scotland and France were expounded by Dame Frances Yates in 1967. The inscription on the rock in the foreground reads;More than the Rock Amydys the Raging Seas, <br>The Constant Hert no Danger Dreddys nor Fearys<br>S. I. L. (Sir John Luttrell), 1550 HE (Hans Eworth)" His right bracelet reads, "Nec Fregit Lucrum 1550", and the left "Nec Fingit Discrimen." The first appears to mean; "Not in Cold Profit", the second, "Not to Discriminate," apparently deriving from the "Meditations" of Marcus Aurelius.
The original — signed with Eworth's "HE" monogram — was donated to the Courtauld Institute of Art by Lord Lee of Farnham in 1932. The painting was in "badly damaged" condition when given to the Institute, but has subsequently been conserved and restored. A well-preserved copy made by George Luttrell in 1591 and which now hangs at Dunster Castle was the source of much of Dame Frances Yates' research.

</doc>
<doc id="20225433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225433" title="Steve King (football manager)">
Steve King (football manager)

Steve King is an English football manager who was until April 2013 in charge at Macclesfield Town.
Career.
As manager of Lewes, he took them from the Isthmian League Division One South to the Conference National in five years. However after new owners took over his contract was not renewed. He was appointed as manager of Conference team Northwich Victoria on 4 November. He resigned as manager on 21 February 2009, with the team second bottom of the Conference, citing problems off the pitch.
His next move was to Farnborough, where he signed a two year contract in May 2009. In his first season, 2009–10, Farnborough were Southern League Premier Division Champions. In the 2010–11 season (despite a player embargo), Farnborough finished second in the Conference South only to lose 4–2 to Ebbsfleet United in the Play-off Final. He left the club at the end of the season, before returning to Lewes.
King was suspended by Lewes pending an internal investigation on 11 January 2012. On 18 January, Lewes announced that King had left his position by "mutual consent".
In May 2012 he was appointed as manager of Macclesfield Town. In the 2012/2013 FA cup King took Non-League Macclesfield Town to the FA Cup 4th round. This was the furthest the club had got in FA Cup history. In the first round they comfortably dispatched League One high fliers Swindon Town 2-0. In the 3rd round King's men pulled off a shock result beating Championship table toppers Cardiff City, 2-1. They were drawn against Wigan Athletic of the Premiership in the 4th round. The Silkmen played out of their skin, to just suffer a 1-0 loss, the Goal was a Penalty early on. On the 3rd April 2013 - following a 3-1 defeat against Grimsby at the Moss Rose - King was sacked as Macclesfield manager alongside first team coach Pablo Asensio.
A Club Statement released on 6 April 2013 stated that there had been a number of off the field issues, including the day to day preparation of the team, which became a real concern. It was therefore necessary, in the best interests of the Football Club, to make this change Manager.

</doc>
<doc id="20225465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225465" title="Rai isoradio">
Rai isoradio

Rai Isoradio is an Italian highway advisory radio service devoted to delivering updated traffic reports (known as "Onda Verde") and weather reports provided by Aeronautica Militare, public service announcements by various governmental and public organisations, railways information from Ferrovie dello Stato, news bulletins from GR1, TG1 and TG3, and music.
In collaboration with "Autostrade per l'Italia" and Autostrada dei Fiori, "Rai Isoradio" covers most Italian Highways (generally on 103.3 MHz). During nighttime hours, the network simulcasts with Rai Radio 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20225482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225482" title="Seizures in Barren Praise">
Seizures in Barren Praise

Seizures in Barren Praise is the second full length album by extreme metal band, Trap Them. It was released on November 11, 2008. It continues the days in a now non-linear fashion (starting from Day Nineteen, after Day Eighteen: Enders from the "Trap Them/Extreme Noise Terror split") in the fictional area of Barren Praise.
Track listing.
All tracks by Brian Vincent Izzi & Ryan McKenney except were noted

</doc>
<doc id="20225508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225508" title="Daniel Buxton">
Daniel Buxton

Daniel Buxton (born 13 November 1977) is a British auto racing driver. In 2000 he was runner up in the Renault Clio Cup, winning the championship a year later in 2001 with the TSM Developments Team. He drove in the championship for a third year in 2002 for Mardi Gras Motorsport.
In 2003 he got a drive in the British Touring Car Championship for the Vic Lee ran Team Halfords in a Touring Class Peugeot 307. He joined the season at the half way point with his first race at round eleven at Croft. He replaced Carl Breeze who had gone to GA Motorsport. He finished seventh in the independents championship, eighteenth overall with one point.
From 2011, Buxton and fellow former BTCC driver Tom Ferrier formed Scuderia Vittoria, and entered a team in both the AirAsia Renault Clio Cup (4x Renault Clio Cup Cars) and the British GT (1x Ginetta G55, 1x Ferrari 458 Italia GT). At the conclusion of the 2011 season, the team had achieved 14 wins over both classes, in their debut season.

</doc>
<doc id="20225512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225512" title="Meredith Burgmann">
Meredith Burgmann

Meredith Anne Burgmann (born 26 July 1947) is an Australian politician and Australian Labor Party member and a former President of the New South Wales Legislative Council.
Early years.
Burgmann was born on 26 July 1947 at Beecroft to parents Victor Dudley Burgmann (son of Canberra Anglican bishop Ernest Henry Burgmann) and Lorna Constance Bradbury. Her father was a former Chairman of the CSIRO. Her sister is Verity Burgmann.
She attended Blackfriars Correspondence School and Abbotsleigh School in Sydney, where she was headgirl.
Burgmann joined the Australian Labor Party in 1971. She was involved in the Industrial Relations Committee between 1990 and 1995, the Foreign Affairs Committee between 1986 and 1990, as well as being a delegate to the Sydney Federal Executive Council. She was a Member of the New South Wales Labor Council between 1978 and 1991 and also of the ACTU Congress between 1983 and 1989.
She attended Sydney University and obtained a Bachelor of Arts in 1969, majoring in English and Government. She continued her studies at the University and obtained a Master of Arts in 1973 specialising in Foreign Policy. In 1981 she completed her doctorate on Industrial Relations at Macquarie University. She became the first female President of the National Tertiary Education Union.
She was a tutor and lecturer at Macquarie University from 1974, and became a senior lecturer at Macquarie University in 1989 and remained in that role until 1991. She taught Industrial Relations and Politics.
In 1985 she married Glen Batchelor and they have one son. Batchelor and Burgmann divorced in 1990.
Political career.
Some of her first forays into politics have been as an activist. She has been arrested 21 times and spent time in prison for running onto the Sydney Cricket Ground in 1971 during the Springboks tour. She claims to be the only person sent to prison for running onto a sporting field during a major sporting event.
She was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Council on 25 May 1991. As an upper house member of parliament, she served as the chair on the Parliamentary Privileges and Ethics Committee. In that committee, she led an inquiry into certain paedophile conspiracy allegations made by former politician Franca Arena. It was generally acknowledged that the committee observed procedural fairness during that inquiry, and that her time as a politician has shown her to be an “independent and intellectual member” of the New South Wales Parliament. 
On 8 April 1999, she was anointed as the President of the Council by the then Premier Bob Carr to replace retiring president Virginia Chadwick. She was elected as President of the Council on 11 May. 
As President, she continued to reduce the size and scale of the traditional opening of State Parliament. For the 1999 opening, she axed the nineteen gun salute and she invited just three ambassadors, one from Thailand and the other two from Cuba and Vietnam. This was criticised for being left leaning, as the latter two nations had communist governments. She further angered Monarchists when she ordered the removal of the Queen’s portrait from the President’s Office and replaced it instead with an Aboriginal dot painting. 
She retired as President on 27 March 2007 at the expiry of her term as a member of the Council. She is the longest serving female presiding officer in Australia.
She is aunt of comedian Charles Firth and former New South Wales Minister for Education and Training, and Women Verity Firth.
Publications.
In 1993, Burgmann started the Ernie Awards to draw attention to comments regarded as misogynist, and in 2007 published with Yvette Andrews "The Ernies Book: 1000 Terrible Things Australian Men Have Said About Women". She has also published articles on industrial, environmental and Aboriginal rights issues.
In 1998 Burgmann and her sister Verity Burgmann wrote "Green Bans, Red Union: Environmental Activism and the New South Wales Builders Labourers' Federation", published through University of New South Wales Press.
Local Council.
In the September 2008 New South Wales Council elections, she ran for the positions of Lord Mayor and councillor in the City of Sydney Council. She was defeated in the mayoral ballot by incumbent Lord Mayor Clover Moore, becoming Labor's only councillor on the Council. Burgmann is also a Consultant to the United Nations Development Program. She is also an Ambassador for the Sydney Swans.
Australian Council for International Development.
Meredith is currently President of the Australian Council for International Development (ACFID), the peak body for the Australian NGO international aid and development sector.

</doc>
<doc id="20225555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225555" title="David Berri">
David Berri

David J. Berri (born September 26, 1969) is a sports economist and an professor of economics at Southern Utah University, known for his sometimes-controversial analysis of NBA basketball. He is a past president of the North American Association of Sports Economists, and a member of the editorial board of the "Journal of Sports Economics" and The International Journal of Sport Finance.
Academic Background.
Berri graduated from Nebraska Wesleyan University with a B.A. in economics in 1991, and earned both his M.A. and Ph.D. from Colorado State University. He taught economics at Coe College and California State University-Bakersfield before accepting a position at Southern Utah University in 2008.
"The Wages of Wins".
Berri is best known for co-authoring, along with Martin Schmidt and Stacey Brook, the 2006 book "The Wages of Wins: Taking Measure of the Many Myths in Modern Sport". The book opened to favorable reviews in several major media outlets, including endorsements from Malcolm Gladwell in "The New Yorker" and Joe Nocera in the "New York Times". In "The Wages of Wins", Berri, Schmidt, & Brook look at the 4 major North American sports from an academic, econometric point of view, investigating issues like the relationship between payrolls and wins, quarterback play in the NFL, and competitive balance in baseball.
The portion of the book that has drawn the most attention—positive and negative—has been Berri's analysis of the NBA, particularly with regard to player performance. By running a series of linear regressions, Berri has developed a model called "Wins Produced", which "explains 95% of team wins". The Wins Produced model is a refinement of an earlier model put forth in a 1999 paper published in the journal "Managerial and Decision Economics".
Berri's work is frequently viewed as a lightning rod for criticism because the Wins Produced model often runs counter to the conventional wisdom of basketball. Berri has not discouraged such controversy, either, in his posts for "The Wages of Wins"' accompanying blog, "The Wages of Wins Journal", which frequently criticizes NBA decision-makers (i.e., coaches and general managers)and members of the media.
Criticism.
Berri has come out in opposition of certain traditional linear weights-style NBA evaluatory statistics like TENDEX and the NBA's official "efficiency" metric, claiming that they overvalue scoring and undervalue shooting efficiency. A similar criticism has been made of John Hollinger's Player Efficiency Rating, a model that Berri also argues significantly undervalues shooting efficiency. He has also criticized non-box score-based stats like Adjusted Plus-Minus, claiming that the basic box score numbers tell decision-makers most of what they need to know about a player's value. In December 2011, Berri released an updated version that adjusted the defensive rebound weight to account for diminishing returns.
"Stumbling on Wins".
"Stumbling on Wins: Two Economists Expose the Pitfalls on the Road to Victory in Professional Sports" is Berri and Schmidt's follow up on The Wages of Wins and was published in March 2010 by FT Press.

</doc>
<doc id="20225568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225568" title="Liu Hun">
Liu Hun

Liu Hun (柳渾) (715 – February 23, 789), né Liu Zai (柳載), courtesy name Yikuang (夷曠), alternative name Weishen (惟深), formally Count Zhen of Yicheng (宜城貞伯), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong.
Background.
Liu Zai was born in 715, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His family was from Xiang Prefecture (襄州, in modern Xiangfan, Hubei) but claimed as their ancestral lands the Hedong region (河東, roughly modern Shanxi) and claimed the Jin Dynasty (265-420) official Liu Chun (柳純) as an ancestor. Their traceable ancestry included officials of Jin Dynasty, Liu Song, Southern Qi, Liang Dynasty, and Tang Dynasty. His grandfather Liu Shangsu (柳尚素) and father Liu Qingxiu (柳慶休) both served as county-level officials.
Liu Zai's father Liu Qingxiu died early. He was studious, but was poor as a result of his father's early death. He passed the imperial examinations early in Emperor Xuanzong's "Tianbao" era (742-756) and was made the sheriff of Danfu County (單父, in modern Heze, Shandong).
During Emperor Suzong's reign.
During the "Zhide" era (756-758) of Emperor Xuanzong's son Emperor Suzong, Liu Zai served as a secretary for Huangfu Shen (皇甫侁) the surveyor of Jiangxi Circuit (江西, headquartered in modern Nanchang, Jiangxi). He was then recalled to serve as "Jiancha Yushi" (監察御史), an imperial censor. As the imperial censors were required to be careful and formal in their behavior, and Liu was free in his spirit, Liu became unhappy and sought another position. The chancellors had regard for his talents, however, and so had him made "Zuo Bujue" (左補闕), a low-level official at the examination bureau of government (門下省, "Menxia Sheng"). He was later given the responsibility of monitoring the tax revenues from Jiangxi Circuit.
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
Early in the "Dali" era (767-779) of Emperor Suzong's son Emperor Daizong, Wei Shaoyou (魏少遊), the governor of Jiangxi Circuit, requested that Liu Zai serve as his secretary. While he was serving under Wei, there was an occasion when the abbot of a Buddhist temple dedicated to Emperor Xuanzong was drinking at night with his disciples, and in their drunkenness, the temple suffered a fire. They blamed it on the deaf servant guarding the door, however, and bribed the military officer Wei put in charge of the investigation to submit a report indicating such. Wei believed the report and was set to punish the servant, and while many people knew of the servant's innocence, no one dared to speak. Liu and his colleague Cui Youfu, however, stepped in and reported this to Wei. Wei was surprised, and after he interrogated the abbot further, the abbot confessed. Wei thanked them and stated, "Except for you two gentleman, this old man would have committed a wrong." Later, after Lu Sigong (路嗣恭) succeeded Wei, Lu made Liu the deputy commander of the circuit militia (團練副使, "Tuanlian Fushi"). In 778, Liu was made the prefect of Yuan Prefecture (袁州, in modern Yichun, Jiangxi).
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
In 779, Emperor Daizong died and was succeeded by his son Emperor Dezong. Cui Youfu became chancellor, and he recommended Liu Zai to be the examiner of Zhejiang Circuit (浙江東西道, headquartered in modern Suzhou, Jiangsu). He was later recalled to the capital Chang'an to serve as "Shangshu Zuo Cheng" (尚書左丞), one of the secretaries general of the executive bureau (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng").
In 783, soldiers from Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu), then at Chang'an to await deployment, mutinied, and Emperor Dezong was forced to flee to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi). Liu followed him to Fengtian. Meanwhile, the Jingyuan soldiers supported the general Zhu Ci as their leader, and Zhu soon declared himself emperor of a new state of Qin. To create suspicion within Emperor Dezong's followers, he issued an edict naming Liu and Cui Ning chancellors. Emperor Dezong, believing Cui to be complicit in Zhu's rebellion, executed Cui, but took no actions against Liu. Later, when Emperor Dezong was forced to further flee to Liang Prefecture (梁州, in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi), Liu followed him, and was made "Zuo Sanqi Changshi" (左散騎常侍), a senior advisor at the examination bureau. After Zhu's state was destroyed in 784 and Emperor Dezong returned to Chang'an, Liu, stating that his name had been tainted because it had been in an edict of Zhu's, and also that the character of Zai (載) contained a radical, "ge" (戈), that signified the use of force while the state was to be pacified, requested permission to change his name to Hun, and permission was granted.
In 786, Liu was made the deputy minister of defense (兵部侍郎, "Bingbu Shilang") and was created the Count of Yicheng. In 787, under the recommendation of the powerful chancellor Han Huang, Liu was given the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto" as well, and he was also given authority over the examination bureau. Believing Han to be overly harsh, although he was recommended by Han, he sternly rebuked Han for battering a low-level official to death, and thereafter, Han moderated his behavior somewhat. Meanwhile, he opposed Emperor Dezong's consideration of a former close associate, Bai Zhizhen (白志貞), for promotion, believing that Bai was a flatterer unfit for promotion. Emperor Dezong nevertheless promoted Bai while Liu was away ill. When Liu recovered, he offered his resignation, but Emperor Dezong turned it down.
Later in the year, Emperor Dezong, despite the opposition of the major general Li Sheng, entered into a peace treaty with Tufan's chancellor Shang Jiezan (尚結贊). On the day that another major general, Hun Zhen, as Emperor Dezong's emissary, was set to formally sign the treaty with Shang at Pingliangchuan (平涼川), Emperor Dezong remarked to the officials at Chang'an that it was a fortunate time for the state. Liu stated that he believed that he was worried because he found the Tufan to be untrustworthy, and Li agreed; Emperor Dezong, angry at their continued opposition to the treaty, rebuked them both. That night, however, reports from the general Han Yougui (韓遊瓌) arrived that Tufan forces had ambushed Hun and nearly captured him. Emperor Dezong, amazed that Liu had predicted this, had an imperial messenger deliver the report to Liu. The next day, he stated to Liu, "You are but a scholar. It is amazing how you were able to predict this so accurately." Meanwhile, because Liu was willing to speak, his relationship with fellow chancellor Zhang Yanshang, whom Emperor Dezong trusted, became poor. On one occasion, Zhang sent an associate to state to Liu, "You, lord chancellor, are greatly honored for your virtues. If you are more careful with your words in the imperial halls, you can stay chancellor for a long time." Liu responded:
However, Liu was soon offending Emperor Dezong, as Emperor Dezong liked people who spoke elegantly and implicitly. However, Liu was straightforward and often used colloquialisms. He wanted to demote Liu to be the secretary general for an imperial prince, but at the urging of fellow chancellor Li Mi, only demoted him to be "Zuo Sanqin Changshi" again.
It was said that Liu was humorous, and in his association with others he was not as arrogant as high level officials usually were. Several days after his removal as chancellor, he was touring with his old friends and did not appear at all upset over his removal. At that time, former chancellors Li Mian and Lu Han commented, "When we see Lord Liu of Yicheng, we, in comparison, feel like overly constricted men." Liu died in 789.

</doc>
<doc id="20225590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225590" title="Solstorm">
Solstorm

Solstorm "(en:Sunstorm)" is a Swedish thriller/drama film released in 2007. It was filmed in Kiruna and was released in cinema on November 2, 2007. The film is based on the novel Sun Storm written by author Åsa Larsson.
Synopsis.
Rebecka Martinsson (Izabella Scorupco) is an attorney who lives in Stockholm that one day receives a call from a childhood friend who tells her that her brother has been murdered inside a church in the village of Kurravaara outside Kiruna. Martinsson now has to return to her hometown in Kiruna and get involved in the search for the killer.

</doc>
<doc id="20225612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225612" title="Hugo Salcedo">
Hugo Salcedo

Hugo Salcedo (born January 25, 1946 in Jalisco, Mexico) is a retired U.S. soccer player who was a member of the U.S. Olympic soccer team. He coached at the collegiate level at UCLA and has spent over thirty years in various executive positions with FIFA, USSF and Major League Soccer.
Player.
Salcedo attended the University of California at Riverside where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1967 to 1969. He holds the school’s single season assist record with 14. He also played for the Compton Soccer Club at the time of the 1972 Summer Olympics. In 1971, he was part of the U.S. Pan American Games soccer team which finished with a 0-4-1 record. A year later, he played two games at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He graduated from UC Riverside with a bachelor’s degree and later earned a masters in Psychiatric Social Work from the University of Southern California.
Coach.
Salcedo spent one season as the head soccer coach at Whittier College. In 1978, he became an assistant coach at UCLA, a position he held for two seasons. His son, Jorge, was a star player at UCLA who went on to play for Morelia Monarcas in Mexico and for five Major League Soccer clubs before becoming the head coach at UCLA in 2004.
Executive.
Salcedo has held various positions in USSF, FIFA and Major League Soccer. In 1976, he joined the USSF Board of Directors. In 1982, he became part of the organizing committee developing the soccer tournament for the 1984 Summer Olympics. Three years later, he joined FIFA where he was a coordinator for Olympic and World Cup sites. In 1992, he became responsible for the oversight of the administrative portion of FIFA’s coaching courses. Finally, he spent two years working for MLS in moving Hispanic players in to MLS.
Sports agent.
In 2005, Salcedo was hired by Proactive Sports Management, the leading agency representing U.S. soccer players. According to the company, he was hired, “to help the company establish a strong presence in the Latin American market.”
In 2008, he was awarded the Jerry Yeagley Award for exceptional personal achievement. Salcedo’s son Jorge later played in Major League Soccer and is the head soccer coach of UCLA.

</doc>
<doc id="20225618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225618" title="Now 59">
Now 59

Now That's What I Call Music! 59 or Now 59 may refer to at least two "Now That's What I Call Music!" series albums, including

</doc>
<doc id="20225642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225642" title="Paulauskas">
Paulauskas

Paulauskas is the masculine form of a Lithuanian family name. Of Slavic origin; Polish counterpart: Pawlowski, Russian and Ukrainian: Pavlovsky. Its feminine forms are: Paulauskienė (married woman or widow) and Paulauskaitė (unmarried woman).
The surname may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20225646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225646" title="Now 58">
Now 58

Now That's What I Call Music! 58 or Now 58 may refer to at least two "Now That's What I Call Music!" series albums, including

</doc>
<doc id="20225659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225659" title="Pronator teres syndrome">
Pronator teres syndrome

Pronator teres syndrome is a compression neuropathy of the median nerve at the elbow.
It is rare compared to compression at the wrist (carpal tunnel syndrome) or isolated injury of the anterior interosseous branch of the median nerve (anterior interosseous syndrome).
Anatomy.
The median nerve passes through the cubital fossa and passes between the two heads of pronator teres muscle into the forearm. It then runs between flexor digitorum superficialis and flexor digitorum profundus muscles and enters the hand through the carpal tunnel.
It innervates most of the flexor muscles in the forearm and hand.
Its sensory component supplies the skin of the palm, thumb, index and middle finger as well as half the ring finger, and the bones of the wrist.
In the proximal forearm it gives rise to the anterior interosseous nerve which innervates the flexor of the thumb (FPL), the flexor digitorum profundus of the index finger (FDP IF), and the pronator quadratus, and terminates in a sensory branch to the bones of the wrist, i.e. the carpal tunnel. Compression of the proximal median nerve results in weakness of these three muscles, and can cause aching pain in the wrist on the basis of the sensory nerve to the carpal bones.
Symptoms.
Compression of the median nerve in the region of the elbow or proximal part of the forearm can cause pain and/or numbness in the distribution of the distal median nerve, and weakness of the muscles innervated by the anterior interosseous nerve: the flexor pollicis longus ("FPL"), the flexor digitorum profundus of the index finger ("FDP IF"), and the pronator quadratus ("PQ").
Clinical signs.
The characteristic physical finding is tenderness over the proximal median nerve, which is aggravated by resisted pronation of the forearm.
The flexor pollicis longus and FDP of the index finger are weak, leading to impairment of the pincer movement. This reflects involvement of the anterior interosseous nerve.
Sensory changes may be found in the first three fingers as well as in the palm, indicating impairment of the median nerve proximal to the flexor retinaculum.
Causes.
The most common cause is entrapment of the median nerve between the two heads of the pronator teres muscle. 
Other causes are compression of the nerve from the fibrous arch of the flexor superficialis, or the thickening of the bicipital aponeurosis.⁠ 
Diagnosis.
The clinical and electrophysiological features of pronator teres syndrome are quite different from patients with carpal tunnel syndrome or pure anterior interosseous syndrome. Proper localisation is crucial to treatment options.
Conduction velocity of the median nerve in the proximal forearm may be slow but the distal latency and sensory nerve action potential at the wrist are normal.
Although MRI may show denervation atrophy of the affected muscles, its role in the evaluation of pronator teres syndrome is unclear.⁠
Treatment.
Standard treatment of R.I.T.E. is recommended in young athletes prior to injections and/or surgical decompression. R.I.T.E. is an acronym for Rest Ice Therapy (physical) and Elevation. The therapeutic exercises may vary based on the Physical Therapist or Athletic Trainer's philosophy on mobility and motion. 
Injection of corticosteroids into the pronator teres muscle may produce relief of symptoms, but a strong response to a steroid injection would be more consistent with carpal tunnel syndrome.
Massage therapy can also provide relief for individuals experiencing this condition.
Surgical decompression can provide benefit in selected cases.

</doc>
<doc id="20225685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225685" title="Elita Proctor Otis">
Elita Proctor Otis

Elita Proctor Otis (1851- August 10, 1927) was an American actress. She was born in 1851 in Cleveland, Ohio, and died 10 August 1927, Pelham, New York, USA. She had a long distinguished stage career before her foray into early silent films. In 1909 she may have been the first actress to play Nancy 'Sikes' on screen in a Vitagraph produced version of Oliver Twist.

</doc>
<doc id="20225693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225693" title="Give Me Peace on Earth">
Give Me Peace on Earth

"Give Me Peace on Earth" is Modern Talking's second single released from the fourth album "In the Middle of Nowhere". The single was released on November 11, 1986 and was of moderate success peaking only at No. 29 in Germany and No. 28 in Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="20225741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225741" title="Rick Sund">
Rick Sund

Rick Sund (born June 4, 1951 in Elgin, Illinois) is an NBA executive who is the former GM of the Atlanta Hawks, replacing Billy Knight in 2008.
Early managerial career.
Sund began his managerial career in 1974 with the Milwaukee Bucks after graduating from Ohio University with a degree in sports administration. Sund holds a bachelor's degree in political science from Northwestern University where he was a two-sport athlete, twice named academic All-Big Ten on the basketball squad, while also seeing action as a tight end and wide receiver on the football team. At Northwestern, he joined Delta Upsilon Fraternity.
The expansion Dallas Mavericks hired him in 1979 at 28 years of age, making him the youngest general manager in the NBA's history. He helped assemble the first ever Mavericks roster, and for the remainder of his multiple-year tenure around the organization, brought in Brad Davis, Rolando Blackman, Mark Aguirre and others. His 1986-87 Mavericks won a then-franchise record 55 games and took home the Midwest division crown. They reached the Western Conference Finals the next year, but fell to the Los Angeles Lakers in seven games.
He aided the then-rookie general manager of the former Seattle SuperSonics, Wally Walker in 1994.
He moved on to the Detroit Pistons in 1995-96, a rollercoaster five seasons at the helm of a talented team holding a young Grant Hill. They made the playoffs four of six seasons Sund ran the front office, and while they did so, Sund traded Allan Houston (to New York) in 1996.
Sund then left for the Seattle SuperSonics, running the team for six seasons. During his tenure, Sund traded for Ray Allen (using franchise figure Gary Payton), drafted talented young players such as Nick Collison, and built his Sonics around Allen and fellow sharpshooter Rashard Lewis. In spite of this, the SuperSonics only made the playoffs twice during Sund's six seasons as general manager.
Managerial career with the Atlanta Hawks.
After his firing, Sund was hired by the Hawks, who had fired Billy Knight. 
Prior to the 2008–2009 season's start, sixth man Josh Childress left for Europe after not receiving an offer higher than his restricted free agent qualifying offer. Sund acquired Maurice Evans and Ronald "Flip" Murray to fill Childress' vacancy. While Evans was overpaid (three years at $2.5 million per year), Murray did serve as a great sixth man in his one season with the Hawks, averaging 12.2 PPG on .447 FG% from 2008–2009, while being paid $1.5 million. The Hawks clinched the fourth seed in the Eastern Conference during the 2008-09 season, edged the Miami Heat in the first round of the playoffs in seven games after falling behind 2–1, and then were swept by the Cleveland Cavaliers in the second round. 
Over the summer 2009, Sund's Hawks made some more moves. They drafted Jeff Teague and Sergei Gladyr. , Gladyr still has not played an official game with the Hawks. He also re-signed free agents Mike Bibby (three years, roughly $6 million per year), Zaza Pachulia, and Marvin Williams (five years at about $7.5 million per year). Then, Sund acquired Jamal Crawford via trade for Speedy Claxton and Acie Law, and Crawford went on to become the NBA Sixth Man of the Year, averaging 18.0 PPG on .449 FG% in the 2009–2010 season. He also signed free agents Joe Smith and Jason Collins, neither of whom made significant contributions in the 2009–2010 season. The Hawks won 53 games that season, clinched the third seed behind the Orlando Magic, and edged the Milwaukee Bucks in seven games after falling behind 3–2. In the second round, the Magic swept the Hawks in the most lopsided playoff series in NBA history. Joe Johnson made a comment following one of the losses that he didn't care if Hawks fans showed up. 
Over the summer of 2010, Sund signed Joe Johnson to a six-year, $119 million contract. That summer he also did not re-sign Mike Woodson as head coach, but instead of hiring a coach and changing the Hawks mediocre culture, he promoted Woodson's head assistant Larry Drew (three years, about $1.25 million per year). However, he also extended Al Horford for five seasons at $12 million per season, and drafted Jordan Crawford. Instead of using the Hawks' 31st overall pick, Sund sold it for cash. Sund also re-signed Jason Collins. During the 2010–2011 season, the Hawks continued to start Bibby over Teague, played Jordan Craword very little, and won 44 games despite few injuries. Just before the trade deadline, Sund traded the prospect Jordan Crawford, the Hawks' future first-round pick in the 2011 draft, and dumped Bibby and Evans's salaries all to the Washington Wizards for Kirk Hinrich and Hilton Armstrong in return. The Hawks however did upset the Orlando magic in six games as the #5 seed in the 2011 playoffs, and played competitive for a while against the top-seeded Bulls in the second round (winning game 1 and almost game 2, only to lose game 3 badly, win a close game 4, and lose 5 and 6 badly). Jason Collins proved to be useful against Dwight Howard on defense, but not against the Bulls. 
In the summer of 2011, the Hawks only draft pick, in the second round, was used on Keith Benson, who didn't make the team during the December training camp. Jamal Crawford was not re-signed to avoid going into the luxury tax. However, Sund also re-signed Collins, and added Tracy McGrady, Willie Green, Jannero Pargo, Vladimir Radmanović, Jerry Stackhouse, and Eric Dampier, all at veterans minimums. Signing that many veteran minimum contracts pushed the Hawks into the luxury tax, although McGrady, Green, and Pargo had productive seasons. Childress also came back from Greece, and was signed-and-traded to Phoenix for a trade exception (not used) and a second-round draft pick (sold for cash to pay the luxury tax). The Hawks also signed 27-year-old rookie Ivan Johnson, who had a productive season, even finishing as rookie of the month in April. The Hawks won 40 games in the lockout-shortened season despite Horford missing most of the season, and clinched home court and the #5 seed against the #4 division winner Boston Celtics. The Hawks lost in six games.
On June 30, Sund will no longer be under contract with Atlanta, but Atlanta has already picked up the option on Larry Drew, indicating Sund will most likely be brought back.

</doc>
<doc id="20225763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225763" title="Rose Murphy">
Rose Murphy

Rose Murphy (April 28, 1913 - November 16, 1989.) was a pianist and vocalist most famous for the song 'Busy Line'.
Biography.
Described by Allmusic’s Scott Yanow as having “a unique place in music history”, Rose was known as “the chee chee girl” thanks to her habit of regularly singing the phrase “chee chee” in many of her numbers. She was also known as 'The Girl with the Pale Pink Voice' She began her musical career in the late 1930s, playing intermission piano for such performers as Count Basie, and achieved strong popularity in both the US and UK in the late 1940s. Despite being a very talented pianist, she is best known for her high pitched singing style, which incorporated a range of jazz style ad lib scat, giggling, and percussive sound effects. ‘Busy Line’, one of her most well known songs, made use of perhaps her most famous vocal sound effect: the ‘brrp, brrrp’ of a telephone ring. A version of the song was later used in 1990 by BT (British Telecom) in one of their television adverts. The advert was such a success that RCA reissued Rose’s original recording of the song.
Her recording of "Pennies From Heaven" was used on the soundtrack of the otherwise-silent award-winning 2011 film "The Artist".
From the fifties to the eighties, Rose continued to play at “many of the top clubs of New York, like the Cookery, Michael’s Pub, Upstairs At the Downstairs, and was “usually accompanied by bassist Slam Stewart or Morris Edwards.” These were interspersed with engagements in London and tours of the Continent. During a two week engagement at Hollywood Roosevelts Cinegrill in June 1989, she became ill and returned to New York City.
She died in New York aged 76 on November 16, 1989, and, though married 4 times, left no direct descendants. Rose was married for the 4th time to "Pretty Eddie Murphy," a creole businessman who had previously been married to Ethel Waters. She was devoted to him and he was her business manager until his death in the l970's.
Rose was often imitated by other entertainers including Ella Fitzgerald who does an imitation or Rose singing "I Can't Give You Anything but Love" on one of her albums. Rose was a favorite of the late Princess Margaret who became a fan after "Busy Line" became a big hit in England. Princess Margaret attended all of Rose's concerts in London and she did imitations or Rose playing the piano and singing "Busy Line" at parties.
Rose was one of 3 Americans invited to perform at festivities celebrating the coronation of Queen Elizabeth.

</doc>
<doc id="20225764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225764" title="The Gentleman in Black">
The Gentleman in Black

The Gentleman in Black is a two-act comic opera written in 1870 with a libretto by W. S. Gilbert and music by Frederic Clay. The "musical comedietta" opened at the Charing Cross Theatre on 26 May 1870. It played for 26 performances, until the theatre closed at the end of the season.
Produced soon after Gilbert first met Arthur Sullivan, but before the two had collaborated, Gilbert's first full-length comic opera, "The Gentleman in Black", was based on the theatrically popular theory of metempsychosis. Gilbert and Frederic Clay had collaborated previously on a one-act opera, "Ages Ago". The music was not published and is now lost. The piece was never revived, although modern performances have been given, fitting music by Sullivan to the Gilbert lyrics.
The libretto is included in "Original Plays by W. S. Gilbert in Four Series", in the fourth volume in the series (1911) published by Chatto and Windus of London.
Background.
From the mid-1860s through the early 1870s, W. S. Gilbert was extremely productive, writing a large quantity of comic verse, theatre reviews and other journalistic pieces, short stories, and dozens of plays and comic operas. His output in 1870 alone included dozens of his popular comic "Bab Ballads"; two blank verse comedies, "The Princess" and "The Palace of Truth"; two comic operas, "Our Island Home" and "The Gentleman in Black"; and various other short stories, comic pieces, and reviews appearing in various periodicals and newspapers. In 1871 he was even busier, producing seven plays and operas.
Gilbert's dramatic writing during this time was evolving from his early musical burlesques. Some of his work during this period exhibited a more restrained style, exemplified by a series of successful "fairy comedies", such as "The Palace of Truth" (1870). At the same time, he was developing his unique style of absurdist humour, described as "Topsy-Turvy", made up of "a combination of wit, irony, topsyturvydom, parody, observation, theatrical technique, and profound intelligence". The opera "The Gentleman in Black", one of Gilbert's most absurdist pieces, dates from the middle of this period, when Gilbert was trying different styles and working towards the mature comic style of his later work, including the famous series of Gilbert and Sullivan operas.
The story of "The Gentleman in Black" contains early glimpses of some of the "Topsy Turvy" ideas that Gilbert would later use in his more famous works written with Arthur Sullivan, including the switching of infants who grow up to be different ages (as in "H.M.S. Pinafore") and plot devices that depend on technical errors involving the calendar (as in "The Pirates of Penzance"). The music was in an "Offenbachian" vein, and the story is a "dramatic variation of the pseudo-German supernatural tale, such as Dickens's 'The Baron of Grogswig'", "The Metapsychosis" or Gilbert's own "The Triumph of Vice".
Synopsis.
The opera is set in 1584 with Act I in the Market Place of a German Village and Act II at the Gates of Castle Schlachenschloss.
Bertha Pompopplesdorf, who considers herself the prettiest girl in the village, is engaged to Hans Gopp, a handsome, kindly, but simple villager (Gopp was originally played by a woman). Hans is jealous of the rich, but ugly, old and unpleasant Baron Otto von Schlachenstein, who is strangely attractive to women. The Baron woos Bertha. Bertha pretends to be in love with the Baron to teach Hans a lesson. Depressed by this, Hans wishes that he could swap places with the Baron. At the same time, the Baron, realising that Bertha is just using him, envies Hans and wants to swap places with him. The Gentleman in Black (the King of the Gnomes) has the power to transfer souls. He offers to make the two men's wishes come true by exchanging their souls and bodies for one month. The date is the 13 August 1584, and so the souls will revert to their original bodies on 13 September. He utters this spell:
After the souls are transferred, Hans notices that Bertha is attracted to his former body, which now contains the Baron's soul. Hans is now rich, but he is old and ugly, with a large family. To the Baron, the attention of Bertha and the advantages of a younger body are not sufficient compensation for the life of poverty that he now must live. He devises a cunning plan. He tells Hans that, as babies, they were both nursed by Hans's mother, and that the peasant baby was jealous of the young Baron.
"One night – the babes were three weeks old, and were wonderfully alike – the peasant's babe crept from his clothes basket, quietly removed the sleeping Baron from his sumptuous cradle, placed the Baron's son in the clothes basket, and creeping into the Baron's cradle, covered himself up and went to sleep. The cheat was never discovered! The peasant's son was brought up as the young Baron – the young Baron as the peasants son."
Hans: "But I think you must be mistaken, for you are twenty years older than I am."
Baron: "I am now – but when I was three weeks old, of course I was the same age as you were when you were three weeks old... You see I am naturally quicker than you are – besides, I'm ashamed to say I've lived a very fast life".
Hans signs a contract agreeing to these facts and stipulating that they should resume their original social positions immediately. So Hans becomes a peasant in the old Baron's body but assumes that he will be a youthful Baron beginning on 13 September. However, this is all a trick so that the Baron can immediately regain his baronial station. By 13 September, he says, "I shall destroy the paper, and prove by the fact that I am twenty years older than he is, it's utterly impossible we could have been changed at birth – I shall return to my rank, and he will be punished as an impostor." But an announcement is made before the Baron puts his plan into action:
"Proclamation! Whereas certain irregularities have crept into the calendar in the course of the last 1584 years, and whereas these irregularities (although in themselves unimportant), constitute in the aggregate a considerable space of time, be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted, that from this date forward, thirteen days be omitted from the calendar, whereby this third day of September under the Old Style becomes the thirteenth day of September under the New Style!"
The result of this imperfectly calculated proclamation is that the Baron and Hans find themselves immediately in their original bodies. Hans and Bertha begin a life of youthful nobility, and the Baron is left an ugly, old peasant.

</doc>
<doc id="20225779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225779" title="Mkrtich">
Mkrtich

Mkrtich (Armenian: ) is an Armenian male given name, meaning "Baptist" in Armenian. The name, refers originally to John the Baptist, known as Surb Hovhannes Mkrtich (Saint-John the Baptist) in Armenian. The widespread family name "Mkrtchyan" is formed from this given name.
The name is usually romanized directly into English as Mkrtich, but other romanizations are found:
The name is romanized in Turkish as Mıgırdiç:
In Russia the name is Мкртич, "Mrktich" and the surname Мкртчян "Mkrtichyan".

</doc>
<doc id="20225783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225783" title="Germany–Italy relations">
Germany–Italy relations

Germany–Italy relations refer to interstate relations between the Federal Republic of Germany and the Italian Republic.
History.
Relations were established after the Unification of Italy. Both countries enjoy friendly relations and were members of the Axis during World War II, formed an alliance during the Cold War (West Germany), and are full members of the European Union. Germany also has an embassy in Rome and consulates in Milan and Naples, while Italy has an embassy in Berlin and consulates in Frankfurt, Freiburg, Hamburg, Hanover, Munich, Nuremberg, Saarbrücken, and Stuttgart.

</doc>
<doc id="20225799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225799" title="1932–33 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1932–33 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1932-33 campaign was a season of success under difficult circumstances for Huddersfield Town. With the previous season's top scorer Dave Mangnall missing for all but 3 matches of the season, their firepower was substantially weakened, the Terriers still managed to finish in 6th place, just 4 points behind 3rd placed Sheffield Wednesday.
Review.
Following the previous season's 4th place finish, many thought that the championship wasn't out of Town's reach, especially with 42-goal Dave Mangnall in their ranks. Unfortunately, Mangnall only managed to play 3 matches during the whole season. Other sources for goals needed to be found, but only George McLean scored more than 10 goals throughout the season. They still managed to finish 6th despite only scoring 66 goals, compared to the 118 scored by champions Arsenal.

</doc>
<doc id="20225806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225806" title="Paramytha Lestari Mulyarto">
Paramytha Lestari Mulyarto

Paramytha Lestari Mulyarto (born June 29, 1991) is an Indonesian pop singer with mother Ani. On September 11, 2007, she won the first season of the reality television "Mamamia Show".
Biography.
Paramytha Lestari Mulyarto was born in Biak, Papua. She is the eldest of three children. Mytha attended SMA Taruna Andiga.

</doc>
<doc id="20225817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225817" title="Luis Fabián Artime">
Luis Fabián Artime

Luis Fabián Artime (born December 15, 1965) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as a forward. 
Artime was born in Ramos Mejia, Greater Buenos Aires. He spent most of his career playing for Belgrano de Córdoba where he is regarded as a club legend and is the all time leading goalscorer with 91 goals in his career. His father was the great goalscorer of the 1960s, Luis Artime.
Artime has always been a prolific goalscorer and while playing in Peru, he was the maximum goalscorer in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20225848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225848" title="Tata Amaral">
Tata Amaral

Tata Amaral born in 1960 in São Paulo is an award winning Brazilian director, writer, producer and actor. She has won various awards across South America, including 'Best director' and 'Best film'.

</doc>
<doc id="20225885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225885" title="Sean O'Connell">
Sean O'Connell

Sean O'Connell was an Irish Gaelic footballer and manager. He played for Derry in the late 1950s, 1960s and 1970s and was on the Derry side that finished runners-up to Dublin in the 1958 All-Ireland Championship - winning an Ulster Championship with the county that year, and three more in 1970, 1975 and 1976. For his performances in the 1967 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, O'Connell won a Cú Chulainn Award (the awards which ran between 1963 and 1967 were the forerunner to the modern day All Star Awards).
O'Connell played his club football for Ballerin Sarsfields. He was instrumental in helping Ballerin reach the 1976-77 All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship final, where they were defeated by Austin Stacks of Kerry. He also won two Derry Championships and an Ulster Senior Club Football Championship with the club.
He is regarded as a Derry legend, and an all-time great of the game. He was in particular known for scoring exploits - he is ninth in the all-time list of top Ulster scorers in Championship football with a tally of 11-118 (11 goals and 118 points—each goal equals 3 points; 11 x 3 + 118 = 151 points, see GAA scoring rules). In the centenary year of the Gaelic Athletic Association (1984), O'Connell was named in the Football Team of the Century comprising players who never won an All-Ireland. Former Derry County Board Chairman Gerard O'Kane said of O'Connell "everyone growing up when Sean O'Connell was playing wanted to be Sean O'Connell".
Background and early life.
Sean O'Connell was born in Garvagh in the 1930s, his father Pat was a farmer and a talented soccer player. His mother Brigid (née McKenna), originally from Slaughtneil was a school teacher. He had four brothers and four sisters. His elder brother Seamus was a priest and played with Derry in the 1950s. His other brothers Paddy and Gerard played at Under 21 level for Derry, while Cahir was a decent club player in the 1960s and early 1970s.
His cousin Seamus O'Connell played soccer for the likes of Chelsea F.C. in England where he helped the club win their first ever League title in 1954–55.
Sean boarded at St Columb's College in Derry. O'Connell tried his hand at boxing in his youth and was a member of Garvagh Boxing Club. He worked as a teacher and was principal of St Patrick's College in Dungiven for many years. He lived in Limavady for many years and he and his wife Margaret had four children. He died in August 2003 and is buried in Limavady.
Playing career.
Playing style.
One of O'Connell main attributes was his amazing and consistent scoring tallies. He frequently scored double-figures in games for both Ballerin and Derry, and was top scorer in both the 1974 and 1975 All-Ireland Championships. He was particularly known for being able to evade his marker by his incredible use of the sidestep dummy. He was also an extremely reliable free-taker. His tally of 11 Championship goals is one of the highest ever in Ulster football history.
Inter-county.
O'Connell along with some of his Ballerin club-mates represented Derry at Minor level, - breaking into the Minor in 1955 and made his Senior debut two years later.
In 1958 he played for Derry against Galway in the Wembley Tournament (a tournament played in Wembley Stadium, London, England for Irish people in the city to watch). He scored the first ever Gaelic football point scored in the stadium, but Derry lost out to Galway. That year O'Connell as was part of Derry's first ever Ulster Senior Football Championship winning team, beating Down in the final by four points (1-11 to 2-04). On 24 August, Derry caused one of the biggest shocks in the history of Gaelic football when the first-time Ulster Champions beat Kerry in the All-Ireland semi-final 2-06 to 2-05 - O'Connell's "brilliant solo goal" proving decisive. They met Dublin in the All-Ireland final but Derry were defeated. It has been claimed a serious of poor refereeing decisions in that game cost Derry greatly, but Derry captain Jim McKeever said in a 2002 interview that it should also be noted that "It was an exceptionally good Dublin team".
The 1950s was a decade of very high standards of football and was a very difficult era to win an All-Ireland, with the likes of Mayo, Galway, Kerry, Louth, Cavan, Meath and Dublin having very strong teams at the time. Unfortunately for Derry, they never quite managed to keep that team together, and only O'Connell from that starting 15 would ever win another Ulster title and play in another All-Ireland semi-final. They did however reach the National League final in both 1958/59 and 1960/61, but they lost out to Kerry on both occasions, partly due to O'Connell being suspended for both deciders - he was suspended because he played soccer, which was against GAA rules at the time (Rule 27).
O'Connell won a Cú Chulainn Award (forerunner to the All Star Awards) in 1967 and won further Ulster Championships in 1970, 1975 and 1976 - and was captain for the 1970 triumph. In addition to being top scorer in the 1971 Ulster Championship, he was top scorer in both the 1974 and 1975 All-Ireland Championships. O'Connell's goal in the 1975 All-Ireland semi-final against Dublin has been called one of the greatest ever scored in Croke Park. He was a replacement All Star in 1976. In the 1976 Ulster decider replay against Cavan, he came off the bench in extra-time and played a vital role in securing the title for Derry. He was 37 years old when he played in 1975-76 National League final against Dublin - Derry lost by a point in what has been described as the "greatest ever League final".
Club.
O'Connell made his debut for the Ballerin Senior team in 1953. That year, as a fifteen-year-old year he played for Ballerin in both the Derry Minor and Derry Senior Championship finals - both on the same day in Magherafelt. Ballerin however, were defeated in both finals - by Bellaghy and Desertmartin respectively. In 1957 however, Ballerin won their first ever Derry Championship, beating Ballymaguigan in the final on a scoreline of 3-08 to 2-06. Playing for Ballymaguigan that day was fellow Derry footballing legend Jim McKeever. O'Connell, now a 19 year old, scored four points in that decider.
Ballerin won their second ever Derry Championship in 1976, this time defeating Dungiven in the final by 0-09 to 0-03, with O'Connell playing a starring role. They went on to win that year's Ulster Senior Club Football Championship - defeating St. Joseph's (Donegal) in the quarter-final, Enniskillen Gaels (Fermanagh) in the semi-final and Clan na Gael of Armagh in the decider - O'Connell's performances once again proving vital to the club's success. The team easily beat Killererin of Galway in the 1976-77 All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship semi-final, setting up a final clash with Austin Stacks of Kerry. The two teams were very closely matched the whole match, with Austin Stacks effectively winning the game in the last three minutes - the game finishing 1-13 to 2-07. Such was the esteem in which O'Connell was held that virtually all the Austin stacks players rushed to commiserate with him after the match. His role in bringing Ballerin to the All-Ireland final cannot be underestimated - with two seventeen-year-olds, an eighteen-year-old and a nineteen-year-old among the six forwards, his experience and ability were irreplaceable.
He retired from club football in 1978, bringing an end to an incredible playing career.
Province.
O'Connell played for Ulster for many years and won five Railway Cup medals with the province (1965, 1966, 1968, 1970 and 1971). He was captain for the 1971 success.
School.
While O'Connell was at St Columb's, the school didn't compete in open competitions, such as the MacRory Cup, therefore his football at the school was confined to house and class matches.
Other sports.
O'Connell played some soccer with Irish League side Coleraine F.C., playing in the centre half position. Other smaller soccer clubs he lined out for included Park and Dungiven Celtic. He was an outspoken critic of the GAA's Rule 27 which prohibited its players from playing foreign sports, and received a ban for playing the sport. He was also a decent golfer and in his youth participated in boxing as well as basketball.
Managerial career.
O'Connell was manager when Derry Minors won the Ulster Minor and All-Ireland Minor Championships in 1965. He was also manager of the Derry Under 21 team who won Ulster Under 21 and All-Ireland Under 21 Championships three years later in 1968. Many were surprised that he was never given the job of Derry Senior manager. He also served five years as manager of Ballerin and was also Chairman of the club for five years.

</doc>
<doc id="20225912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225912" title="Circle contact lens">
Circle contact lens

A circle contact lens, also known as a big eye contact lens and circle lens, is a cosmetic contact lens that makes the eye's iris appear larger. It has become a trend in Japan, South Korea and China and is largely produced in these countries.
Design.
Circle lens make one's eyes appear larger and come in a variety of colors and effects. They have been around since 2004 and are very popular in countries such as South Korea, Japan, Taiwan and China. The diameter of regular contact lenses that are sold in the United States are on average 14mm–16mm. Similar to the diameter of regular contact lenses, circle lens have no more than 15mm (diameter) since larger sizes would be harmful to the eyes at daily wear. When the diameter of the circle lens is described as 16mm or 18mm, it is only the provided visual effect of the circle lens. The difference between the two types of lenses is that circle lens are tinted not only in areas that cover the iris of the eye, but also prominently in the extra-wide outer rim of the lens. The result is the appearance of a bigger, wider iris and create an illusion of large eyes. The optical zone in the middle is transparent and it is large enough to provide clear vision. When big eye contacts first launched, they were only available in yearly disposable format, but as the trend spread, these lenses are now available as dailies, biweeklies and monthlies. The lenses are popular among teenagers and young adults. Many people consider circle lens to be a fashion accessory rather than a medical device. In Hong Kong, many young female models wear as a popular fashion icon.
Popularity.
In Asia circle contact lenses can be bought in some stores. They can be purchased without a prescription (0.00 or plano or with prescription). Their legality in the west varies with the local laws, and in the United States they are currently classified as a medical device and are not legal for sale without a valid prescription.
Risks.
Many issues concerning the quality of these lenses have arisen within the United States. There are still companies selling circle contact lenses without the approval of health services. Many circle lenses are manufactured in Korea, under the approval and guidelines of the Korean Food and Drug Administration (KFDA). There are brands and companies functioning without this approval, as not all brands are manufactured in Korea. The main risk in circle lenses is higher risk of neovascularization.
Legality.
United States.
In the United States decorative, non-corrective contact lenses are considered medical devices by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and sale and marketing of such devices require market clearance by the FDA and a valid prescription from a medical professional. Additionally, in the event that devices that have not been cleared by the FDA are found by US Customs at the border they may be subject to seizure. Last year, Korean contact lens company Geo Medical Inc. was approved by the US FDA for sale in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20225916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225916" title="John Chetwynd, 2nd Viscount Chetwynd">
John Chetwynd, 2nd Viscount Chetwynd

John Chetwynd, 2nd Viscount Chetwynd (c.1680 – 21 June 1767), diplomat and politician, was the second son of John Chetwynd and the brother of Walter Chetwynd, 1st Viscount Chetwynd. He succeeded to that Irish peerage in 1736 by virtue of a special remainder.
Earlier in life he was British envoy to Savoy from 1706 to 1713. After returning to England he was Member of Parliament for St Mawes, 1715–1722; for Stockbridge, 1722–1734; and Stafford, 1738–1747. He was also British envoy Extraordinary at Madrid from 1717, until the outbreak of the War of the Quadruple Alliance.
John Chetwynd was married and had two sons and two daughters:
Having outlived both his sons, John was succeeded as Viscount by his brother William.

</doc>
<doc id="20225923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225923" title="Famine (disambiguation)">
Famine (disambiguation)

A famine is a widespread shortage of food that may apply to any faunal species.
Famine may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20225929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225929" title="J1 – Summer in the Sun">
J1 – Summer in the Sun

J1 – Summer in the Sun is an upcoming RTÉ documentary television programme, documenting the experiences of eighteen students working in the United States. The students range from ages 18–23 and are divided into three "gangs": the Chicago Gang, the Hawaii Gang and the San Diego Gang. Billed as a sort of Irish version of MTV’s "", the series was filmed from 27 May – 1 September, as one of the first series in Ireland to be shot on the new Solid State EX-1 camera. The series will be broadcast on RTÉ Two each Monday at 21:30.
Synopsis.
Episode one.
Episode one serves as an introductory show. The San Diego Gang are initially happy with their gaff as it has a pool room but quickly start fighting when they realise they are living out in the "burbs", miles away from the beach and the parties. Latecomer Luke arrives and they organise a drinking session to welcome him to San Diego. With the help of fortified wine, the drinking games become a little excessive and the casualties increase substantially. In a drink-fuelled rage Proinny breaks his ankle. Without an ability to participate in the surfing and partying his summer seems ruined. The Hawaii Gang are complete idiots. They find an apartment directly on the waterfront with views of Waikiki beach, but fail to read the small print and discover that they have arrived in an alcohol-free zone. Dean and Gina roam the streets and locate some unusual sources of employment.
Episode two.
Proinny opts to stay in San Diego despite having broken his heel and the group head to Tijuana to celebrate. They discover a special bus trip to a club across the border, the bus being kitted out with a stripper-pole. It deposits the boys at the Mexican border and they set off to a club where one can drink through the night for $12 per head. A drunken Tim goes missing and the rest of the lads are forced to exit the country without him. The second episode also introduces the Galway gang. The group of nine females and males have grown up together but have never before lived together. Gemma obtains a job and is paid for being rude to the customers, but brings this new work persona home and provokes a fight. Then there is a party with lots of drinking games.
Episode three.
In Hawaii, Sorcha and Agne are working in a deli. Agne is promoted and they find they can do whatever they like. They feed their friends back in their house and later take a tumble from an airplane to witness Hawaii from the sky. On the Fourth of July Sorcha is invited on a "date" by a local. The San Diego gang seems set to split, with Tim and Luke getting out of the lease and setting off for the beach. The lads discover a loophole in San Diego's drinking regulations (it is possible for them to drink in the sea as long as they do not set foot on the beach). They join a flotilla of drunk Americans to celebrate the Fourth of July festival. Darren and Donal of the Chicago gang set off to do some volunteer work and make a fortune feeding hungry Americans in a burger joint. The American dream (and the money) goes to Eamonn's head.
Episode four.
Sorcha is treated to a sunset cruise by her American date. Darren tries to court Alma, a lass from Limerick who is also on her J1. Proinny's Mum appears and takes him on a shopping trip in New York, whilst the rest of his gang go to an exotic club. The time for exam results comes. All the groups check their grades via the internet. If they fail they must return home for their repeats and may miss the road trip finale. Boy scout Darren takes the gang on a camping trip into the wilderness of Illinois. The girls struggle to cope without their home comforts and decide they no longer wish to take part.
Episode five.
Tim returns home. The San Diego gang's exploits in this episode include being the recipient of a dodgy tattoo as Luke and Dáithí embark (arm in arm) to obtain "His 'N' Hers" tattoos. Proinny receives an unexpected visit from a girl he first met in Las Vegas. Andrea from Albuquerque, New Mexico has driven 800 miles to see him again. Dáithí readies himself for his first stand-up comedy gig. The following day Proinny and Dáithí make their return to Ireland for their repeats, leaving Luke "on his Toblerone". Luke attempts to find a way to amuse himself by setting out to find a new gang to play with. The Chicago gang split into two teams for a baseball game. The losing team agrees to undergo a waxing. Later they pack to leave for alternative "5-star" accommodation as the lease on their current house is up on 1 August. Keith has a surprise for the rest of the gang, having managed to score tickets for them all to feature on "The Jerry Springer Show". The Hawaii boys are struggling to adapt to Sorcha's leaving early, with Gina taking the occurrence particularly badly and blocks the toilet. Sorcha is "heartbroken" about missing the roadtrip so the rest begin work on a plan to send her off with happiness. They arrange a Limousine to carry her to the airport. They then head off on a trip to Maui to lift their dampened spirits. But without Sorcha, fighting erupts amongst the group.
Episode six.
Episode six begins with each group setting off cross-country on a road trip to New Orleans. The Hawaii gang fly to San Francisco to begin their roadtrip in the east. Underwhelmed by the city they cheat their road trip by catching a train to Salt Lake City and when there they pick up their RV. Their home for the following one week period, the RV is akin to driving a "massive sofa bed" across the United States. Agne falls asleep at the wheel and side swipes the car of a local insurance salesman in Kansas. The San Diego lads have no transport and have to hitchhike from California. Luke creates a sign proclaiming "Heading East? Can we cum too?" which works to good effect. They pick up Dáithí in New Mexico, visit Proinny's girlfriend from Las Vegas and a hospital after Luke discovers he has caught a serious rash. The Chicago gang rent a large passenger van which comfortably fits all eight of them alongside Gemma and Suzan's gigantic baggage. Their trip begins on the famous road, Route 66. The gang become popular with the locals in an authentic honky tonk bar in Nashville but Susan has her eye on someone elsewhere. The three gangs race to New Orleans from Memphis to Nashville and Amarillo to El Paso.

</doc>
<doc id="20225940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225940" title="Michel Vion">
Michel Vion

Michel Vion is a French alpine skier and world champion. 
Vion became a world champion in the combined event in Schladming in 1982. He finished 5th in combined at the world championships in Bormio in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20225949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225949" title="USS Washakie (YTB-386)">
USS Washakie (YTB-386)

USS "Washakie" (YTB-386), laid down as YT-386, later YTM-386, was a United States Navy tug in commission from 1944 to 1946 and from 1953 to probably 1975.
"Washakie" was laid down on 13 October 1943 at Brooklyn, New York, by Ira S. Bushey and Sons as YT-386. She was launched on 13 February 1944. Reclassified as a large harbor tug and redesignated YTB-386 on 15 May 1944 prior to completion, she was delivered to the U.S. Navy on 30 June 1944 and placed in service on 1 July 1944.
"Washakie" steamed from New York City, transited the Panama Canal, and served the Service Force, United States Pacific Fleet, for the duration of World War II. During the last year of hostilities with Japan, she served at various forward bases in the Central Pacific but finally ended up at Okinawa. She remained active at Okinawa even after the Japanese capitulation on 15 August 1945. "Washakie" received one battle star for World War II service.
When Typhoon Louise struck Okinawa in October 1945, "Washakie" was one of several ships grounded or otherwise damaged by the storm. As a result of that damage, she was placed out of service on 16 October 1945. Soon refloated, she was ordered to Sasebo, Japan. While underway, she ran into another typhoon and was towed to an anchorage near Shanghai, China, for safety. She remained in Chinese waters for another six months before returning to the United States in April 1946. After completing inactivation overhaul, she was placed in reserve with the San Diego Group, Pacific Reserve Fleet, at San Diego, California.
In May 1953, "Washakie" came out of reserve, retransited the Panama Canal, and reported for duty at Mayport, Florida. There she remained for the next 22 years, serving under the auspices of the Commandant, 6th Naval District. In February 1962, she was reclassified a medium harbor tug and received the new designation YTM-386.
Her name struck from the Navy List on 1 May 1975. Presumably, she was sold sometime thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="20225956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225956" title="Drowning Ghost">
Drowning Ghost

Drowning Ghost () is a 2004 Swedish slasher film directed by Mikael Håfström and written by Lars Yngwe 'Vasa' Johansson and Håfström, it stars Rebecka Hemse, Jesper Salén and Jenny Ulving.
Plot.
The movie opens at a boarding school, at the time of the big party before summer break. While most of the students are outside listening to the headmaster's speech one student, Rebecka, is seen showering and writing a letter before jumping off the school's tower to her death. 
A year later the student Sara, who witnessed the suicide, is attending her final year at the school. Two new students, math genius Felix and diplomat son Leo, start to study at school. Sara and her friend Therese start to tell them of the local legend; Strandvaskaren (The Drowning Ghost). 100 years ago a farmer slaughtered three male students at the school before drowning himself in the nearby lake. He is believed to return once every year on the day of his death to haunt the school, and there is a tradition among the students to have a party at that day in the barn where the farmer once lived.
Sara finds out that the farmer killed the students to avenge the rape and murder of his daughter, but it was all covered up by the authorities because the rapists were upper class. At the party, Sara's former boyfriend Måns and his friend Ynge try to pull a prank on Sara, but the drunken Ynge tries to rape her. Sara pushes him away and runs away while Måns yells at Ynge for going too far. Sara runs out and finds Måns current girlfriend hanging dead in the hallway. Ynge goes to have some milk and is killed by a fork struck through his head. Måns find the hysterical Sara and tries to calm her down and apologize. 
A masked man appears and rams an axe into Måns' head as Sara runs off. Sara locks in Leo into a storeroom and calls for Therese and Felix to help. Sara finds an 8 mm film in a box that had belonged to Rebecka, and discovers that Rebecka had a brother who has a weird similarity to Felix. Felix shows up and tells Sara that he and Rebecka were siblings. They were separated because their father was mentally unstable and put away. When Rebecka died, he swore to avenge her, dressed up as The Drowning Ghost, and started to kill the students who tormented Rebecka. He asks Sara to not say anything but believes she would any way and tries to kill her. Sara knocks him out and runs away with Therese. Therese falls into the well and breaks her leg. Sara climbs down after her. Morning comes and Felix awakens. He finds Sara and Therese, who are too afraid to call for help, in the well and climbs after them. Sara and Therese crawls down the pipe to the lake but Felix catches up with Therese and kills her off screen. Sara manages to reach the lake and escapes in a boat at the beach. She keeps her eyes on the pipe to see when Felix comes out of there, but falls asleep. When she awakens she has no idea how long she's been sleeping, and Felix is nowhere to be found. Felix tries to climb into the boat from underwater, but Sara cuts his hand by starting the boat engine. Felix tries to attack once more but Sara apparently kills him by bashing the anchor into his back. Felix sinks down to the bottom.
Sara is saved by the police and reunited with Leo on the beach; the police try to fish Felix up but instead find the farmer. Sara and Leo leave the boarding school and graduate at a school in Stockholm. During the graduation day eight months after the events, with all parents and friends of the many students present, Sara looks out over the sea of people and suddenly sees a sign with the words written in red paint "My beloved sister Rebecka". The film ends with Sara realizing that even though she cannot see him in the crowd Felix is still alive and amongst the people watching her and her classmates graduate.
Graphic scenes.
"Drowning Ghost" contains many graphic death scenes such as: a suicide, the decapitation of a head (with the body of the man laying with death twitches afterward) and the man's head later appearing on a plate in a graphic manner. Stabbings, drownings, strangulation and axe murders are also visible in the film.
Production.
The film was shot at Filmhusateljéerna, Filmhuset in the Svenska Filminstitutet in Gärdet, Stockholm, Sweden.
Release.
The film premiered on 13 May 2004 as part of the Cannes Film Market. Strandvaskaren had a 15+ age limit when shown in cinemas in Sweden on the premiere on 15 October 2004. The film was released "Drowning Ghost" on 22 August 2004 at Screamfest Horror Film Festival.
Criticism.
"Drowning Ghost" received some criticism for being too similar to "Halloween" and the "Friday the 13th" movies. 
In his review, Nils Nordgren stated "and just where are we one of the beach bags's biggest problems: the script. It's sprawling, full of incredible and senseless incident. The fact that Anders Ehlin music in the film's opening is a plagiarism of John Carpenter's famous piano loop in Halloween makes it painfully direct."
Prizes.
Strandvaskaren won awards for best director and best soundtrack of the year at the Screamfest Los Angeles Horror Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20225962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20225962" title="Lead (tack)">
Lead (tack)

A lead, lead line, lead rope (USA) or head collar rope (UK), is used to lead an animal such as a horse. Usually, it is attached to a halter. The lead may be integral to the halter or, more often, separate. When separate, it is attached to the halter with a heavy clip or snap so that it can be added or removed as needed. A related term, lead shank or lead chain refers to a lead line with a chain attached that is used in a variety of ways to safely control possibly difficult or dangerous horses if they will not respond to a regular lead.
Variations.
A lead can be made from a variety of materials, including cotton, horsehair (woven or braided hair, usually from a horse's tail), leather, nylon or other synthetic materials. Lead ropes, as the name implies, are round and made of various types of rope, usually between 5/8 and 3/4 inch (about 2 cm) in diameter. Lead lines are usually flat webbing or leather, and are generally wide, though may be narrower for show use. Flat lines are less bulky and more comfortable in the hand for leading and animal, but may lack adequate strength for tying.
A lead most often attaches to the halter with a sturdy snap. In some cases, the lead is tied or spliced permanently to the halter. A lead for a horse usually is in the range of long, but longer and shorter lengths are seen.
The lead shank consists of a lead, usually a flat line, with a chain end, or, less often, thin nylon or rope. The chain end ranges from long and has a snap or clip on the end that attaches to the halter, and a ring on the other end that is attached to the lead line. Some lead lines are permanently sewn to the chain shank, others have buckles or clips allowing the chain to be removed. Lead shanks are usually used on potentially difficult or dangerous horses, such as stallions or those that, for various reasons, will not respond to a regular lead. For this reason, in some regions, lead shanks are sometimes called "stud chains." They are also commonly seen on in-hand horses of all ages and sexes at some horse shows, as the chain shank can also be used to transmit commands quickly but inobtrusively, encouraging a prompt response from the horse.
For aesthetic purposes, the lead may be the same color as the halter, and sometimes even made of the same materials.
Use.
Leads are used to lead, hold, or tie an animal or string of animals. A horse may be led by a person on the ground, sometimes called "leading in-hand," or may be led by a rider mounted on another horse, a process called "ponying." A "string" of animals refers to animals tied to one another by their leads, whether the human leads the horses in hand or from another horse. Horses requiring physical conditioning, such as Polo ponies or roping horses, may be conditioned in strings. Pack horses are often led in strings on the trail, usually with the handler ponying the first pack horse and for the rest, the lead rope of one horse is tied to the tail or saddle of the horse in front of it.
Safety in leading.
By tradition, the handler leads a horse from the horse's left ("near") side, though situations may arise when a horse needs to be led from the right ("off") side. In some areas, particularly in the American west, the handler may be in front of the horse while leading, though this technique does place the handler at risk due to not being able to see what the horse is doing.
When leading a horse, the handler usually holds a single thickness of the lead with the right hand, while carrying the gathered slack of the lead in the left. The excess line is usually gathered in loops; wrapping or coiling the lead around the hand is dangerous, the handler can be injured or dragged if the horse pulls away, tightening the lead around the hand.
When used to lead a horse in hand, the materials used in a lead, particularly synthetics, may put a handler at risk of a rope burn should the horse pull the lead from the handler. Some handlers wear gloves while leading a horse.
Tying.
Lead ropes may be used to tie up animals. Common methods of tying off a lead include the halter hitch and a subset of other loop knots, collectively known among equestrians as "safety knots" and "quick release knots". If the animal begins to panic, a person can pull the working end to quickly release the knot before it becomes too tight to untie quickly. The purpose of such a knot is to be easy to untie even when under significant tension. However, some animals do learn to untie themselves and may require the loose end of the rope to be passed through the slipped loop to prevent this occurrence, or be tied with alternative methods of restraint.
Animals, usually horses, may also be placed in crossties, usually for grooming, tacking up and related activities. Crossties are commonly made from two lead ropes, each attached to a wall with the snap end placed on either side of the horse's halter. This technique of restraint keeps the horse from moving around as much as with a single lead, and is particularly handy when people are working on both sides of the animal. However, the method also presents some danger to the animal if it rears or falls. Ideally, crossties are attached at one end with either a quick release panic snap or breakaway mechanism.
Flat lead shanks and thin diameter ropes generally lack the strength to securely tie a large animal such as a horse or cow, but may be more comfortable in a person's hand for leading. Ropes of a thick diameter (3/4 in or more) and high tensile strength generally are adequate to tie a large animal that resists being tied; thinner and/or weaker leads generally will break if significant tension is put on them. A common point of failure is the snap fastener used to attach the lead to the halter.
An animal that panics and attempts to escape while tied with a lead can cause itself serious injury or damage the objects to which it is tied. When an animal is left unattended or if a safety knot is improperly tied and cannot be released, views differ as to whether a lead rope should be made strong enough not to break under tension, or if it should have safety elements that allow it to give way when tension reaches a certain point in order to minimize potential injury. Some people carry a very sharp knife in a belt holster or boot or keep a sharp knife in a convenient location in order to cut a lead in case of emergency. In other cases, particularly on leads used to restrain an animal in a horse trailer, a panic snap may be used, though releasing the snap while under extreme tension also may put a handler at some risk of injury.
Use of a shank.
Hard jerks on a lead shank can frighten a horse, damage the head, or cause a horse to rear. Light, short tugs are generally enough to get the attention of a horse. The chain should only come into action when pulled, not when hanging loosely. The handler does not hold the chain itself, as it can hurt the handler's hands should the horse pull back or move its head quickly.

</doc>
<doc id="20226060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226060" title="Heidelberg Raceway">
Heidelberg Raceway

Heidelberg Raceway was an American auto racing track which was built in Scott Township, Allegheny County, approximately southwest of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It held weekly races and numerous special events between 1948 and 1973. It held four NASCAR Strictly Stock/Grand National (now Sprint Cup Series) and one NASCAR Convertible Division race between the 1940s and 1960s. In 1960, Heidelberg became the first track to fall off NASCAR's tour. The land is now occupied by a shopping center called Raceway Plaza.
History.
The track was the brainchild of the original Wrights Sea Food Inn owner, Ike Wright. It was originally constructed between 1947 and 1948 to be used as a horse racing establishment, with help and financial backing by Pittsburgh Steelers founder Art Rooney. When horse racing was not legalized in Pennsylvania., the track was converted into a place for autos to compete. The original track was a 1/2 mile dirt track that eventually had a 1/4 mile track cut into its infield. The tracks shared part of a straightaway that existed in front of the main grandstands. Over the final years of the tracks existence, there was also a figure-8 course being used within the quarter-mile section of the track.
The first races happened at the track in May 1948. The first event was almost rained out, but track officials had drivers pilot their race cars around the course, using the heat buildup from the vehicle's tires to dry the track surface. Once the races began, the air became dusty from the cars racing around the track. The Observer-Reporter interviewed fans after the track closed, and they reported that the air was so dusty that fans could rarely see the race cars come down the straightaways. Thursday nights were selected because the Pittsburgh Pirates Major League Baseball team had only three Thursday night baseball games that season. Midget cars were the first weekly series, featuring drivers Jimmy Bryan, Bill Schindler, Al Shaffer, and Billy Spear. They raced on the 1/4 mile inner track. Special events featured sprint cars on the 1/2 mile track. From 1950 until 1953, the track began hosting coupe racing under NASCAR sanction. In 1954, Ed Witzberger took over promotion of the track, and eventually formed the Pittsburgh Racing Association (PRA) which raced coupes up to five nights per week including Thursday nights at Heidelberg. Other tracks in the association included South Park Speedway, Monduke Speedway, and Clinton Speedway. Chris Economaki, was the track announcer for special events in the 1950s. The track featured coupes until 1961, then late models became the track's main class. 
Witzberger had both tracks paved before the 1967 season. At the end of the 1972 season, when track promoter Ed Witzberger and driver Tom Colella could not come to terms on a three year lease, an agreement was reached where Colella would lease the track, for one year, in 1973. The track was permanently closed at the end of the 1973 season. In an interview in 2007, Colella cited the 1973 oil crisis and urban sprawl as factors in the decision. Ed Howe won the last race on the track, a 250-lap special event, in 1973. Herb Scott had won more championships at Heidelberg than any other driver with a total of ten season championships.
Nick Garin decided to build a Pennsylvania Motor Speedway in Imperial, Pennsylvania and he purchased many of the components from Heidelberg. He used the bleachers and fence from around the track at the new speedway. The site formally known as Heidelberg Raceway is now "Raceway Plaza"; a shopping strip mall that includes a Walmart, Lowe's Home Improvement, and Shop-N-Save. (google maps for cite)
Other notable weekly drivers.
Bud Middaugh
Special Races.
Tri-State 150.
The PRA began hosting the Tri-State 150 as a special event on the 1/2 mile track after the regular season was completed. Winners included Herb Scott (1958), Gus Linder (1959), Joe Mihalic (1963) and Norm Benning, Sr. (1964). Benning said that the race winner won around $3000. "Today that would be nothing," Benning said. "It was big back then. I remember one time we had 186 cars for a weekend race. Heidelberg brought in cars from Ohio, Michigan, Indiana weekly. It was the best track and it paid the most money."
Gulf 250.
The track later started hosting a second major special event in late October called the Pittsburger 200. When the track was paved, it became the Pittsburger 250. The 250 began attracting pavement drivers from around the United States, including NASCAR driver Bobby Allison.
NASCAR races.
Heidelberg held the seventh event in the first season of NASCAR's Strictly Stock series (now Sprint Cup Series). Lee Petty, father of NASCAR's winningest driver Richard Petty, won his first NASCAR race at the track. Petty beat local driver Dick Linder by five laps. Sara Christian finished fifth in that first race, and that was the highest finish by a woman driver in the top level of the NASCAR racing until March 5, 2011, when Danica Patrick finished 4th in the NASCAR Nationwide Series race at Las Vegas Motor Speedway.
At the track's final NASCAR race in 1960, Lee Petty won with his son Richard Petty finishing second. There would no father-son 1-2 finish until Bobby Allison beat Davey Allison at the 1988 Daytona 500.

</doc>
<doc id="20226061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226061" title="MTR CNR Changchun EMU">
MTR CNR Changchun EMU

The MTR CNR EMU (also known as C-Train by MTR officially announced) is a train for the Mass Transit Railway (MTR) in Hong Kong. It is manufactured by Changchun Railway Vehicles, a member of CNR group.
The trains were the first China-made heavy-rail stock in the territory, while past orders came from England, Japan, Europe or South Korea.
As of December 6, 2010, the first trainset has rolled off of production lines at CNR's plant.
The first train was transported to Hong Kong on April 28, 2011. As of October 16, 2011, 4 sets have arrived and are undergoing testing on the Kwun Tong Line, where they will first enter service sometime in November of the same year.
On July 22, 2011, MTR placed an additional order for 12 ten-car trains to supply the West Island Line extension and 10 three car trains for the first phase of the South Island Line.
The first trainset entered service on the Kwun Tong Line on Wednesday evening, December 7, 2011.
On May 29, 2012, the first trainset entered service on the Tsuen Wan Line at 21:54. 
On May 13, 2013, the first trainset, A363-A364, entered service on the Tseung Kwan O Line.
The last 8 car train, A393-A394, was handed over on September 5th, 2013, and entered service on the Kwun Tong Line shortly after.

</doc>
<doc id="20226118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226118" title="Nonô Figueiredo">
Nonô Figueiredo

Flávio Pagano "Nonô" Figueiredo (born May 13, 1971, in São Paulo) is a Brazilian auto racing driver. He is better known as "Nonô"" Figueiredo and drives in the Brazilian V8 Stock Car Series. He started racing in Karting in 1984, winning several championship titles. In 1989 and 1990 he raced in some North American Formula Ford races. In 1993 he drove in the Italian formula 3 Championship, followed by Formula Fiat drives back in Brazil in 1995 and 1996, with six race wins in two years.
He raced in Great Britain in 1997, driving for TJ Motorsport in the Vauxhall Vectra Challenge with four race wins. In 1998 he achieved more success, with another four wins that year. This got him a drive for just two races in the British Touring Car Championship for the works Vauxhall team, replacing John Cleland for the rounds at Thruxton. Since 2000 he has raced back in Brazil, in the V8 Stock cars.

</doc>
<doc id="20226122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226122" title="Eva Röse">
Eva Röse

Eva Röse (born 16 October 1973 in Vårberg) is a Swedish actress and television host.

</doc>
<doc id="20226177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226177" title="Artuf">
Artuf

Artuf () was a Palestinian village in the Jerusalem foothills depopulated in 1948. It was situated west of Jerusalem on a high plateau, surrounded by plains on the south, east, and west. The village was on a secondary road that linked it to the main road to Jerusalem.
History.
Under the Ottoman Empire, in 1596, Artuf was a village in a "nahiya" ("subdistrict") of Ramla, part of Liwa of Gaza with a population of 110. The villagers paid taxes on a number of crops, including wheat, barley and fruit, as well as on goats, beehives and vineyards. It was built on the ruins of an earlier settlement. In the late nineteenth century, Artuf was described as a small village built on a low hill overlooking a valley.
Most houses were built of stone and mud; a few were built of stone and cement and had domed roofs. The villagers, who were all Muslims, worshipped in a mosque called the al-Umari Mosque, perhaps in reference to the second Muslim caliph, Umar ibn al-Khattab. The tomb of a local Muslim sage named Shaykh ´Ali al-Ghimadi stood on the outskirts of the village. About half of the villagers worked in agriculture, while the rest worked in the nearby Bab al-Wad station, on the Jaffa–Jerusalem railway. The agricultural land extended west of the village, where fruit trees and almond trees were planted. In 1944/45, the village had a population of 350 people. A total of 279 dunums was used for cereals, 61 dunums were irrigated or used for orchards, of which 20 dunums were planted with olive trees.
Establishment of Hartuv.
In 1883, a group of English missionaries purchased land in Artuf to establish an agricultural colony for Jews whom they hoped to convert to Christianity. When the settlers refused to convert, the project was abandoned. It was resettled in 1895, but destroyed in the 1929 riots. 
In 1917, Artuf served as the base camp for the 10th Light Horse Brigade that fought in the battle for Jerusalem.
After 1948.
After the establishment of the State of Israel, a ma'abara transit camp was established on the site for Jewish immigrants, and a cement factory was opened to provide employment. In 1950, Moshav Naham was built on Hartuv's land.
According to the Palestinian historian Walid Khalidi, the village remaining structures in 1992 were: "One stone house, located outside the Jewish settlement of Nacham, has been expanded, and is now inhabited by a Jewish family. In the middle of the Jewish settlement is a small stone house that is used as a warehouse; it stands by the site of the former mosque. On the western slopes of the site is a circular structure with no roof that was formerly used as a lime kiln (kabbara). The village cemetery, to the west, has been levelled; only one or two graves remain on its eastern edge. Part of the British police headquarters is still standing. Elsewhere, the village site is covered with scattered stone rubble. Olive, fig, and cypress trees grow on the village site, especially in the west and north."
Archaeology.
Two archaeological sites nearby are Khirbat Marmita, about 1 km east of the village, and al-Burj, on the site of Hartuv to the southwest. Excavations have been carried out on Khirbat al-Burj by the Hebrew University since 1985. Excavations in Hartuv revealed an architectural complex dating to the Early Bronze 1 period. The site includes a central courtyard surrounded by rooms on at least three sides. One of the rooms, a rectangular hall with pillar bases along its long axis, may have been a sanctuary with a line of standing stones (massebot). Another hall has a monumental entrance flanked by two monolithic door jambs. The complex appears to have had both religious and secular functions.

</doc>
<doc id="20226232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226232" title="Maria Lundqvist">
Maria Lundqvist

Maria Lundqvist (born October 14, 1963) is a Swedish actress. She was born in Västra Frölunda.

</doc>
<doc id="20226238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226238" title="William and Mary Quarterly">
William and Mary Quarterly

The William and Mary Quarterly (; ) is a quarterly history journal published by the Omohundro Institute of Early American History and Culture. The journal originated in 1892, making it one of the oldest scholarly journals in the United States. Currently in its third series, the Quarterly is the leading journal for the study of early American history and culture. It ranges chronologically from Old World–New World contacts to about 1820. Geographically, it focuses on North America—from New France and the Spanish American borderlands to British America and the Caribbean—and extends to Europe and West Africa. Though grounded in history, it welcomes works from all disciplines—for example, literature, law, political science, anthropology, archaeology, material culture, cultural studies—bearing on the early American period. 
The journal is named for the College of William and Mary where it was founded in 1892. It has been published in three successive series, with volume numbers repeating with each new series. The journal's first series of 27 volumes ran from 1892 to 1919. The second series began in 1921 and ended in 1943, while the third series began in 1944 and runs through the present day. 
The journal is available online through the JSTOR service.

</doc>
<doc id="20226250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226250" title="Zhu Qizhen (diplomat)">
Zhu Qizhen (diplomat)

Zhu Qizhen (; born 19 December 1927) is a retired diplomat and politician of the People's Republic of China. He served as Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs from August 1984 to October 1989, and was the Chinese ambassador to the United States from 1989 to 1993.
Career.
Zhu Qizhen was born in Yixing, Jiangsu province. He graduated from Saint John's University in Shanghai in 1948 and joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the newly established People's Republic of China in November 1949. He served at the Chinese embassy in Egypt from 1972 to 1973, and as charge d'affaires at the Chinese embassy in Canberra, Australia from 1973 until 1977, when he was appointed director of the America and Oceania Division, in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Beijing. In 1979 Zhu accompanied Deng Xiaoping in the Chinese leader's historic visit to the United States.
In 1985 Zhu was appointed Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs, and from 1989 to 1993 was China's Ambassador to the United States. After return from the United States he became a member of the standing committee and deputy director of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the National People's Congress of China (1993-1997).

</doc>
<doc id="20226333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226333" title="Talib bin Ali Al Hinai">
Talib bin Ali Al Hinai

Talib bin Ali Al Hinai was the younger brother of Imam Ghalib bin Ali Al Hinai, who was the ruler (Imam) of Oman from 1954 to 1959. The country was in a struggle between Said bin Taimoor Al Said and Ghalib Bin Ali for the "imama" (rule) of Oman. Said bin Taimoor had the help of the British, but many times they were thrashed by Talib bin Ali's forces and battlefield tactics. Imam Ghalib's troops were defeated in Jebel Akhdar war in 1959 by Al Said and the Imama was ended giving way to the present day Sultanate.

</doc>
<doc id="20226344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226344" title="Washakie (disambiguation)">
Washakie (disambiguation)

Washakie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20226383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226383" title="2007 China Open (snooker)">
2007 China Open (snooker)

The 2007 Honghe Industrial China Open professional snooker tournament took place between 25 March and 1 April 2007 at the Beijing University Students' Gymnasium, Beijing, China. This snooker tournament was the penultimate ranking event of the season, preceding the 2007 World Championship. 
The defending champion was Mark Williams, but he lost in the first round, losing to Jamie Cope 1–5.
Graeme Dott won the tournament, beating Jamie Cope 9–5 in the final.
Qualifying.
Qualifying for the tournament took place at Pontins in Prestatyn, Wales between 23 January and 26 January 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="20226396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226396" title="Neuroculture">
Neuroculture

Neuroculture is the relation between the sciences that study the functioning of the brain and culture. We understand the latter as the knowledge, history, habits, ideas and values of the human race, and their manifestations in any form of expression: social, scientific, artistic, philosophical, moral or religious, etc.
The basis of Neuroculture is that everything a human being creates is generated in the brain, from the most primary functions resulting from millions of years of evolution, to superior expressions, like art, religious or scientific thinking. Thus, the link that relates the biological functioning of the brain to the results of its processes creates a method of explaining how human beings respond to their environment in every possible way.
The study of human beings has been analysed by many scientific and humanistic branches of knowledge, such as philosophy, sociology, anthropology, psychology, theology, ethics, and jurisprudence. The understanding we have nowadays of the way the brain works makes it impossible for these disciplines to ignore that it is the brain that creates and organizes thoughts, which lead to data, deductions, structures, laws and, ultimately, the content that conforms them.
Neuroscience, together with the humanistic and scientific disciplines, creates a new level of study that leads to a reassessment of some of its fields of study and, of course, the enrichment of all of them.
According to this approach, in which Neuroscience joins the rest of the humanistic and scientific disciplines, new related terms appear. For example, we have neuroeconomics, neurophilosophy, neuroethics, neurotheology, neuroesthetics, neurocognition or neuroeducation. Any area of study is prone to be related to neuroscience.
Regardless of the cultural society we are dealing with, the functioning of the brain has characteristics that are common to every society and race on the Earth. These characteristics have been confirmed through magnetic resonance imaging and it has been verified that emotions and feelings related to morals, love, pleasure, etc., activate the same brain areas whatever the society or race we are dealing with. The only differences are due to the way diverse cultures interpret the facts, ways of life or moral beliefs in one way or another

</doc>
<doc id="20226433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226433" title="Təhlə, Goranboy">
Təhlə, Goranboy

Təhlə is a village in the municipality of Yeni yol in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20226443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226443" title="Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2003">
Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2003

Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2003, The annual competition was televised live by Telemundo Puerto Rico. Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2002, Isis Marie Casalduc González of Utuado was succeeded by Carla Tricoli, from Vieques who won the Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2003 title. Tricoli represented Puerto Rico at the Miss Universe 2003 contest.
Sources.
http://www.jimmyspageantpage.com/puertorico.html

</doc>
<doc id="20226465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226465" title="Leaf v International Galleries">
Leaf v International Galleries

Leaf v International Galleries 2 KB 86 is an English contract law case concerning rescission for mistake and innocent misrepresentation.
Facts.
"Salisbury Cathedral" by John Constable was what Ernest Louis Leaf thought he was buying on 8 March 1944 from International Galleries. International Galleries said it was a Constable. Leaf paid £85. Five years later when he tried to auction it, Leaf was told that it was not a Constable. He claimed rescission of the contract against International Galleries, to get back his money.
Judgment.
Denning LJ held that Mr Leaf was barred because too much time had lapsed. He held that in the event of lapse of too much time between the making of the contract and the decision to rescind, the right to rescind is lost. He held there was a mistake about the quality of the subject-matter, because both parties believed the picture to be a Constable; and that mistake was fundamental. But that was not enough to avoid the contract, because there was no mistake about the essential subject matter (a painting). The painter's identity was a term of the contract, which could either be classified as a condition (breach of which allows recission of the contract) or a warranty (which allows damages only). Here the painter's identity was a condition, but after hanging it in one's house for five years it is far too late to reject the painting for breach of condition.
Jenkins LJ and Lord Evershed MR concurred.

</doc>
<doc id="20226470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226470" title="Bombay Dreams (film)">
Bombay Dreams (film)

Bombay Dreams is a Swedish comedy film from 2004.
Plot.
Ebba is adopted from India she is wondering who her real mom is. One day she finds a letter in a wardrobe from her biological mother, she decides to travel to India without the knowledge of her parents home in Sweden.
Awards.
Nadine Kirschon won Best Actress 2005 at the GAFFA - International Film Festival for Young People in Austria in 2005 for her role in Bombay Dreams.

</doc>
<doc id="20226482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226482" title="Tap, Azerbaijan">
Tap, Azerbaijan

Tap is a village in the municipality of Tap Qaraqoyunlu in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20226484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226484" title="Morane-Saulnier MS.570">
Morane-Saulnier MS.570

__NOTOC__
The Morane-Saulnier MS.570 was a civil utility aircraft produced in small numbers in France in the late 1940s. It was a derivative of the MS.560 aerobatics aircraft with a revised fuselage design that added a second seat side-by-side with the pilot's and a more powerful engine.
Like its predecessor, the MS.570 was a low-wing cantilever monoplane with retractable tricycle undercarriage. Construction was of metal throughout, with the fuselage having a semi-monocoque structure. The cockpit was enclosed by an expansive bubble canopy that slid rearwards to provide access. The wings could be folded for storage.
While the MS.570 had only two seats, it was followed by MS.571 that added an extra seat to the rear of the cockpit (optionally, a small bench seat), and the dedicated four-seater MS.572. 

</doc>
<doc id="20226492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226492" title="Arboretum de la Sédelle">
Arboretum de la Sédelle

The Arboretum de la Sédelle (10 hectares) is a private arboretum located in Villejoint, Crozant, Creuse, Limousin, France. It is open several afternoons a week in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.
The arboretum was established in 1980 by Nell and Philippe Wanty on wooded lands along the Sédelle river valley. Maples were the first plantings. Today the arboretum has grown to contain more than 370 taxa of woody plants, including major collections of Acer (130 taxa including 90 species and subspecies, with the remainder cultivars), Viburnum (27 taxa), Quercus (27), Cornus (23), Euonymus (15), Rhus (10), Tilia (9), and Liquidambar (4).

</doc>
<doc id="20226510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226510" title="Attera Orbis Terrarum – Part I">
Attera Orbis Terrarum – Part I

Attera Orbis Terrarum – Part I is the first of the two-part "Attera Orbis Terrarum" series of live DVDs by Swedish black metal band Dark Funeral. As well as consisting of two shows recorded at Tilburg, Netherlands, and Paris, France, on the European leg of Dark Funeral's "Attera Orbis Terrarum" tour in 2006, it includes a recording of a concert in Katowice, Poland, in 2005, and various amateur footage such as that of the band's debut concert in the Metal Nights Festival in Oslo, Norway, in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20226514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226514" title="Gayathri Mudigonda">
Gayathri Mudigonda

Gayathri Mudigonda (born September 3, 1983, in India) is a Swedish actress.
Filmography.
2008: "Bombay Dreams" – Ebba

</doc>
<doc id="20226525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226525" title="Azad, Goranboy">
Azad, Goranboy

Azad is a village in the municipality of Dəyirmanlar in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20226560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226560" title="Clube Atlético Sorocaba">
Clube Atlético Sorocaba

Clube Atlético Sorocaba, usually known as Atlético Sorocaba, is a Brazilian football club from Sorocaba. They play in the Campeonato Paulista league. The club competed in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C several times.
The club is owned by Rev. Moon's Unification Church, as is CENE.
History.
The club was founded on February 21, 1991 by the entrepreneur João Caracante Filho as a basketball club. Atlético Sorocaba became a football club on March 15, 1993 after they fused with Clube Atlético Barcelona and Estrada de Ferro Sorocabana Futebol Clube.
Atlético Sorocaba competed in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 2002, 2003, and 2004. The club's best performances was in 1996, when they reached the third stage of the competition.
Atlético Sorocaba won the Copa Paulista de Futebol on November 29, 2008, after beating XV de Piracicaba in the final, at Estádio Barão de Serra Negra, Piracicaba, home of the opposing side. The club also competed in the same season's Recopa Sul-Brasileira. After beating Pelotas 2–0 in the semifinal, Atlético Sorocaba was defeated 1–0 by Brusque in the Recopa Sul-Brasileira final.

</doc>
<doc id="20226568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226568" title="Emergency Preparedness Operational Command Unit">
Emergency Preparedness Operational Command Unit

The Emergency Preparedness Operational Command Unit (CO3) is a branch of the Central Operations directorate within London's Metropolitan Police Service. The unit's role is to ensure that the communities and the police of London are prepared and ready to deal with major terrorist attacks. This includes the forming of contingency plans, and organising training events for the Metropolitan Police to test their CBRN response. The unit was formed in 2004, under the Civil Contingencies Act 2004, which puts a responsibility on the Chief Officers of the MPS to ensure that the police are prepared.
Role.
The three main areas of focus for the unit, are planning emergency procedures such as evacuations, identifying and recognising vulnerable premises and educating against threats. Currently, the unit is involved in planning anti-terror operations for the 2012 Olympics and Paralympics, in conjunction with other units. In the event of a major terror attack, the unit would be responsible for an identification call centre for victims' families.
The objectives of the unit mostly involve contingency planning, exercising major incident procedures, organising body recovery in the event of an attack, advising senior staff and officers in charge of major incidents, liaison with other organisations such as the Ambulance Service and Fire Service. The unit is also heavily involved in staging mock attacks on premises and companies to test preparedness and evacuation times.

</doc>
<doc id="20226577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226577" title="Bəşirli">
Bəşirli

Bəşirli is a village in the municipality of Hacırəhmədli in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20226588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226588" title="Bonny Doon">
Bonny Doon

Bonny Doon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20226597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226597" title="Benedetti's Pizza">
Benedetti's Pizza

Benedetti's Pizza is a Mexican fast food pizza delivery and restaurant chain headquartered in Colima, Colima, founded by Felipe Baeza in 1983. It currently holds 135 franchised stores in 19 Mexican states, looking after 650 by 2014. It is currently the largest pizza chain in Mexico.
It specialises in seafood pizzas, but also serves as a family restaurant, offering sandwiches, burgers, fajitas, salads, Mexican traditional dishes and various desserts.

</doc>
<doc id="20226598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226598" title="Nadine Kirschon">
Nadine Kirschon

Nadine Madeleine Martina Kirschon (born March 19, 1984 in Stockholm) is a Swedish actress. Kirschon won Best Actress 2005 at the GAFFA - International Film Festival for Young People in Austria in 2005 for her role in Bombay Dreams (film). And winner of Guldkappan in 2003 for her role as Hanna in Love boogie.

</doc>
<doc id="20226620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226620" title="Qaxtut">
Qaxtut

Qaxtut is a village in the municipality of Qaraçinar in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20226630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226630" title="Meşəli, Goranboy">
Meşəli, Goranboy

Meşəli (known as Xarxaput until 1998)

</doc>
<doc id="20226643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226643" title="Boris Lavrenyov">
Boris Lavrenyov

Boris Andreyevich Lavrenyov () (real name Sergeyev), born July 5 (17), 1891 in Kherson, died January 7, 1959 in Moscow, was a Soviet Russian writer and playwright.
Lavrenyov was born to the family of a literature teacher. He got his education at the Law department of the Moscow University. At the time he wrote poetry and joined a Moscow Futurists group called "Mezonin poezii" (A Mezzanine of Poetry). He fought in World War I and the Russian Civil War. During the latter he took part in combat in Turkmenistan, served as a commander of an armoured train, and also wrote for the Red Army military newspaper. His poetry was first published in 1911 and his prose works in 1924. He was twice awarded the Stalin Prize – in 1946 and 1950.
Lavrenyov's story "Sorok pervyi" ("The Forty-First", first published in "Zvezda" in 1924) was twice adapted to film, in 1927 by Yakov Protazanov and in 1956 by Grigori Chukhrai.

</doc>
<doc id="20226659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226659" title="7 Gold">
7 Gold

Founded on January 1, 2000 by the Italian business people Giorgio Tacchino, Giorgio Galante and Luigi Ferretti, 7 Gold is an Italy-based television network, owned by some its affiliated, and broadcast as TV Syndication.
Broadcast TV series, movies, news and weather bulletins, political and sports debates programs and infomercials.

</doc>
<doc id="20226668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226668" title="Rugby in England">
Rugby in England

Rugby in England may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20226714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226714" title="Power A5000">
Power A5000

The Power A5000 was a planned Amiga clone computer, announced by DCE and Power Computing. It was one of the first Amiga clone computers announced after Gateway purchased the Amiga in 1997.
The original Motorola 680x0 based system was revised in favor of the PowerPC G3 based system, since the future for the Amigas with 680x0 processors was very uncertain. In 1999, the A5000 was cancelled due to delay of hardware components and announcements of the new Amiga system "Amiga Multimedia Convergence Computer (Amiga MCC)" by Amiga, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="20226717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226717" title="Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2004">
Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2004

The annual Miss Puerto Rico Universe competition was held in the fall of 2003 in Puerto Rico. Alba Reyes won the pageant and represented Puerto Rico at the Miss Universe 2004 pageant where she placed 2nd Runner-up and won the award for Miss Photogenic.

</doc>
<doc id="20226718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226718" title="Georg Karl Berendt">
Georg Karl Berendt

Georg Karl Berendt (July 13, 1790 – January 4, 1850) was a German physician and paleontologist who was a native of Danzig.
He studied medicine and botany at the University of Königsberg, and from 1814 practiced medicine in Danzig. He is remembered for amassing a large collection of amber inclusions that amounted to 4216 specimens of plants, insects, arachnids, myriapods, and more. His collection is now housed at the Museum für Naturkunde in Berlin.
With paleobotanist Heinrich Göppert (1800–1884), he published a work on botanical amber inclusions titled "Der Bernstein und die in ihm befindlichen Pflanzenreste der Vorwelt" (1845). In 1854 entomologist Carl Ludwig Koch (1778–1857) published the treatise "Die im Bernstein befindlichen Myriapoden, Arachniden und Apteren der Vorwelt", based on material from Berendt's amber collection.

</doc>
<doc id="20226745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226745" title="Franceschetti–Klein syndrome">
Franceschetti–Klein syndrome

Franceschetti–Klein syndrome (also known as "Mandibulofacial dysostosis") is a syndrome that includes palpebral antimongoloid fissures, hypoplasia of the facial bones, macrostomia, vaulted palate, malformations of both the external and internal ear, buccal-auricular fistula, abnormal development of the neck with stretching of the cheeks, accessory facial fissures, and skeletal deformities.
It is sometimes equated with Treacher Collins syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="20226752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226752" title="Short Valetta">
Short Valetta

The Short S.11 Valetta was a 1930s British passenger monoplane designed and built by Short Brothers at Rochester.
Development.
Designed and built for the Air Ministry to enable comparisons between a floatplane/landplane and a flying boat. The Valetta was a monoplane powered by three Bristol Jupiter XIF engines and first flown on 21 May 1930 as a floatplane. It had room for two crew and 16 passengers. In July 1931 it left Rochester on an African survey flight flown by Sir Alan Cobham, it returned to Rochester in September 1931 after flying 12,300 miles. The aircraft last flew as a floatplane in November 1931 and was converted to a landplane. It then underwent trials with Imperial Airways and the Air Ministry before being withdrawn from use and used by the Royal Air Force as an instructional aircraft at RAF Halton.

</doc>
<doc id="20226759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226759" title="Malato">
Malato

Malato is a surname of Italian origin. People with the surname Malato include:

</doc>
<doc id="20226762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226762" title="Camiña">
Camiña

Camiña is a Chilean commune and village in El Tamarugal Province, Tarapacá Region. According to the 2002 census, the commune population was 1,275 and has an area of .
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Camiña had 1,275 inhabitants (676 men and 599 women), making it an entirely rural area. The population fell by 10.3% (147 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Camiña is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years.
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Camiña is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Mrs. Marta Isasi (Ind.) and Mr. Hugo Gutiérrez (PC) as part of the 2nd electoral district, which includes the entire Tarapacá Region.The commune is represented in the Senate by Fulvio Rossi Ciocca (PS) and Jaime Orpis Bouchon (UDI) as part of the 1st senatorial constituency (Arica and Parinacota Region and Tarapacá Region).

</doc>
<doc id="20226775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226775" title="William Chetwynd, 3rd Viscount Chetwynd">
William Chetwynd, 3rd Viscount Chetwynd

William Richard Chetwynd, 3rd Viscount Chetwynd (1684 – 3 April 1770) was the youngest son of John Chetwynd (1643–1702) and thus younger brother of Walter Chetwynd, 1st Viscount Chetwynd and John Chetwynd, 2nd Viscount Chetwynd. He succeeded to their Irish peerage under a special remainder.
He was educated at Westminster School (c.1698–1702) and Christ Church, Oxford. In 1706, he became secretary to his elder brother John on his appointment as British envoy to Savoy at Turin, and in 1708 became British Resident at Genoa, whence he was recalled in 1712.
In 1715, he was elected Member of Parliament for Stafford, holding the seat until 1722. He held office as a junior Lord of the Admiralty being elected for Plymouth in 1722, but lost both his place and his seat in 1727, having voted with his friend Viscount Bolingbroke. He re-entered Parliament for Stafford in 1734, retaining the seat for the rest of his life.

</doc>
<doc id="20226781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226781" title="Sweat box">
Sweat box

"Sweat box" is the animation industry's equivalent to rushes, or dailies. Nowadays, when an animated scene has been approved by the animation lead, it is sent to the edit suite. The editor inserts the scene into the reel for viewing in context with other scenes. The director views the reel and calls for changes or approves the scenes.
As it is important for the entire crew to be up to date on changes or approvals made by the director, a sweat box session will typically be attended by producers, production staff and department heads. Quite often the animator responsible for a scene may be called into the meeting to take specific instructions from the director on the changes to be made.
Origin of the term.
From "Producing Animation" by Catherine Winder and Zahra Dowlatabadi, Focal Press 2001, ISBN 0-240-80412-0:
The origin for the term "sweat box" is said to date back to when Walt Disney would view the scenes completed through rough animation with his animators and critique their work. Some attribute the word "sweat" to the fact that screenings took place in a small theater and it got hot, while others believe that the animators would actually sweat in response to how Disney might react to their work. Either way, the same wording is used today when a scene is ready to be approved by the director in stages of rough animation, clean up and effects animation, and final color.

</doc>
<doc id="20226782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226782" title="Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2002">
Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2002

Sources.
http://www.jimmyspageantpage.com/puertorico.html

</doc>
<doc id="20226784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226784" title="Gilman Garrison House">
Gilman Garrison House

Gilman Garrison House is a historic house at 12 Water Street in Exeter, New Hampshire owned by Historic New England, which operates the home as a house museum.
Councillor John Gilman, a proprietor of sawmills and member of a prominent early Exeter family involved in shipping, built the log house around 1700 and fortified it for protection. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20226813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226813" title="Bernhard Letterhaus">
Bernhard Letterhaus

Bernhard Letterhaus (10 July 1894, Barmen – 14 November 1944) was a German Catholic Trade Unionist and member of the resistance to Nazism.
He grew up in Barmen, Wuppertal and after an apprenticeship in a textile factory, he was an active member of the Association of Christian textile workers. He served in World War I and was then secretary of the Catholic Labour Movement in Mönchengladbach. He moved to Cologne where he was in contact with Nikolaus Gross a fellow catholic opponent of the Nazis. 
He was conscripted into the Wehrmacht upon the outbreak of World War II. Upon posting to the OKW in Berlin he developed contacts with the July 20 plot conspirators including Carl Goerdeler's group. If the attempt to assassinate Hitler had succeeded he was earmarked to be the Reconstruction Minister. He was arrested in its aftermath, tried by the People’s Court, sentenced to death by Roland Freisler and executed at Plötzensee Prison the next day.

</doc>
<doc id="20226830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226830" title="Pope Paul VI Minor Seminary">
Pope Paul VI Minor Seminary

Pope Paul VI Minor Seminary is a diocesan seminary run by the Diocese of Maasin, Philippines. It was established in 1970 by the Most Rev. Vicente T. Ataviado, DD (1968-1997) the year Pope Paul VI made a papal visit to the Philippines. and two years after his arrival as the first Bishop of the newly created diocese (1968).
The Foundation.
Bishop Ataviado with meager funds started laying the foundation of a formation house of his future collaborators, the priests, in 1970. He at first housed the young seminarians at his own newly constructed Bishop's residence where they were trained in all aspects of life necessary to become effective and faithful servants of the Lord in the future. While Latin was taught inside the seminary, other subjects were and until now are being taught in the diocesan school, St. Joseph College.
Formation.
The first rector of the seminary was Fr. Vicente Lora (d.2004)who was assigned before the creation of the new diocese in the Sacred Heart Seminary, Palo, Leyte. Fr. Lora came from San Rafael, Maasin, Southern Leyte. When Fr. Lora left for a parish assignment in 1972, Fr. Arfeo Sescon took over the challenge of forming young men amid the political and social upheavals in the capital, Manila where he was trained for the priesthood under the guidance of the Dominican Fathers of the University of Santo Tomas Central Seminary. Helping him to run the whole seminary affairs was Rev. Fr. Felix Paloma who took the initiative of improving the seminary facilities to attract more young men to the seminary. With the increasing demand of having new parish priest appointed in different parts of the diocese, seminary formators would not last for more than two or three years. It happened indeed the year after Fr. Amado Olayvar left the seminary in 1977 for a parish assignment that the Bishop himself took the cudgel in running the seminary simply because he did not have any priest available for the seminary. His priests were all in the parishes. However, the Bishop put a major seminarian on regency in charge of the daily activities and schedule of the seminary. On their regency years, Wilson de los Reyes, Santos Sabondo, Celso Moreno, Romeo Mangyao, and Leonardo Kilat were one time assigned and stayed in the seminary. This arrangement with non-clerics as resident-formators lasted for how many years until in 1982 when the diocese started to reap the first fruits of Pope Paul VI Minor Seminary. It was this year that Bishop Ataviado did the first ordination to the priesthood of those coming from this minor seminary.
The first alumnus to be assigned as rector of the seminary in 1982-1983 was Rev. Fr. Adelfo Briones. His term was marked by a reform of seminary policies and discipline. But when a new parish asked for his pastoral care and presence, Fr. Adelfo Briones did not hesitate to accept the challenge. The seminary once again left orphaned until the ordination of Rev. Fr. Anastacio Lito Narit who stayed in the seminary from 1983-1986. Although his term was beset with all kinds of problems due also to the political, social, and economic conditions of the time, the seminary had survived because of the austere life adopted by the formators and the seminarians.
After the EDSA Revolution, a new and energetic priest set a new direction of the minor seminary. But Rev. Fr. Rogelio Lumbre's vision for the seminary suddenly deadened when he was assigned a few months later to a parish. Msgr. Amado Olayvar, fresh from Rome, rescued the sad state of the minor seminary. It was this time that extension building for the pre-college formation was almost complete. The seminary came back to life again with the iron hand of the prefect discipline of Romeo Mangyao and followed by Leonardo Kilat. In 1989, Fr. Nicolas Lagumbay came and transformed the seminary almost like a home conducive for community living and learning. It's during his term that produced later a lot of priests presently serving the diocese. This happy atmosphere would not last long without the efforts of the next Rector in 1992-94. Fr. Eufemio Gohetia raised funds to keep the seminary building looking new and the roofs re-structured to withstand the merciless downpour during rainy seasons. Fr. Leopoldo Suarez, Jr. in 1994-1995 gave the seminarians a good liturgical orientation while still in the formation. His term was cut short because a parish was suddenly left with no one to take care of. Thus, while still a deacon, Rev. Dennis Cagantas began running the seminary with much "responsible-freedom" given to seminarians until 1996. His term was again cut short when Bishop Ataviado got sick and was hospitalized for many months in Manila. Since he was the Private Secretary of the Bishop, he had no choice but to be with the Bishop. So, Fr. Plutarco Rodriguez was assigned to take care of the seminary from 1997-1999. It was during his term that there were liturgical innovations being done in the seminary activities.
When the new Bishop came to take possession of the diocese after the death of Bishop Ataviado, Fr. Roel Handayan became the rector. The new Bishop Precioso Cantillas never lost time in getting closer to the diocesan seminary, the apple of his eye, as canonists put it. Being an administrator himself in the past, Bishop Cantillas devised plans to improve the quality of formation of his minor seminarians. Thus, starting this time, seminarians were never that more closely monitored in their development as young men and as future priests. The upkeep of the seminary personnel was never taken for granted by him. In fact, immediately a few weeks after his arrival, he already floated the idea of constructing a new seminary building to house not only minor seminarians but also college seminarians.
The handbook of the minor seminary started to be formed during the term of Rev. Fr. Oscar A. Cadayona. The admission procedures were reviewed and standardized. The devotion to the Holy Mass and to the Blessed Virgin Mary marked the liturgical and spiritual life of the seminarians. The periodic outing to woods or mountains or seas fostered camaraderie of future priests or future public servants. The resident spiritual directors, Fr. Angelito Rosales and Fr. Ronan Rances, made a lot of difference to the seminarians' sense of personal belongingness to Jesus Christ. The number of seminarians at this time increased every year until Fr. Cadayona left for Rome for post-graduate studies in philosophy in 2005. At present, the minor seminary is run by Rev. Msgr. Marnito Bansig.

</doc>
<doc id="20226846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226846" title="Mel Haber">
Mel Haber

Mel Haber (born October 24, 1936 in Brooklyn, New York) is the owner and proprietor of the Ingleside Inn and Melvyn's Restaurant in Palm Springs, California since 1975. He has served on the board of the Angel View Crippled Children's Foundation for more than twenty-five years and has been its president for the past fifteen.
Early years.
Haber is the youngest of four children and the only boy of Louis and Mary Haber. The son of a garment district salesman, Haber grew up in an apartment overlooking Ocean Parkway in the Flatbush section of Brooklyn. He attended Erasmus Hall High School, which boasted a healthy roster of famous and important people throughout the years. Some of its alumni included actors Jeff Chandler, Moe Howard, Bernie Kopell, Barbara Stanwyck, singer Barbra Streisand, author Mickey Spillane, chess player Bobby Fischer and Sid Luckman, the former quarterback of the Chicago Bears.
When Louis Haber died at fifty-two of a heart attack, Mel became the family's breadwinner. To make ends meet, the twelve-year-old started delivering groceries, sold peanuts and beer at Ebbets Field and spent his summers in the Catskills as a busboy. He says it was there where he learned “motion efficiency," which is commonly known as “working smart,” a trait he used when he eventually operated six different restaurants. Once Haber graduated high school, he enrolled in the Fashion Institute of Technology (F.I.T.) on the west side of Manhattan in the fall of 1954.
Successes and failures.
Two months after Haber enrolled in F.I.T., he quit after he received a phone call from businessman Artie Schifrin, who offered him a job at $85 a week working for Wallfrin Industries. In December 1954, ABC aired a series called "Davy Crockett, Indian Fighter". The coonskin cap worn by actor Fess Parker set off a craze with the nation's youth, and several manufacturing companies, including Wallfrin Industries, jumped on the multi-million dollar business bandwagon and began producing coonskin items. The craze lasted longer than anyone expected and finally ended when raccoon tails surged from twenty-five cents each to $5 a pound by May 1955.
Out of work for the first time in his life, Haber regrouped at age nineteen. He first sold shoes and then stocks before he received a life-changing phone call from Schifrin, who switched Wallfrin Industries from a bicycle accessories business to an automotive novelty business and desperately wanted him back.
Wallfrin Industries.
Following World War II, the greatest and longest economic boom in world history was launched, and by the late fifties, approximately ten million cars were sold on an annual basis. It was an era in which American teenagers (the Baby Boom Generation) did everything in their cars. Between 1961 and 1968, Wallfrin Industries produced 750 different items such as hula dolls that gyrated in rear windows, religious statues for the dashboard, fuzzy dice for the rear view mirror, self-adhesive pin striping and tiger tails to hang on the gas tank. Their most successful product was Amber Lens Dye, which sold more than one million units.
Automatic Radio purchased Wallfrin Industries in 1968 for $3 million, of which Haber collected 10 percent. Haber used the money to start several new businesses on the side. He launched a boiler-cleaning business, a front-end wheel-alignment franchise, a company factoring medical centers, an import business, a vacuum forming business, and an automotive-chemical manufacturing business. None of them were money makers and Haber shut them down and regrouped. Facing a textbook mid-life crisis, Haber traded in his large house in Long Island and Rolls Royce for a used Fiat and a furnished apartment in Marina Del Rey in Los Angeles.
Palm Springs.
Invited by a friend to visit Palm Springs, Haber stumbled upon the Ingleside Inn in 1975. The property, located at 200 Ramon Road, was in a state of disrepair thanks to an absentee owner. Haber learned the original owner was the widow of Humphrey Birge, manufacturer of the Pierce-Arrow motorcar. She built the private estate at the foot of the San Jacinto Mountains in 1925 and sold it a decade later to Palm Springs Councilwoman Ruth Hardy, who transformed the place into a 20-room hotel. She successfully ran the Inn for the next thirty years as an exclusive private club whose guests came by invitation only. Hardy's clientele included Howard Hughes, John Wayne, Greta Garbo, Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, Greer Garson, Elizabeth Taylor, Ava Gardner, Salvador Dalí, Norman Vincent Peale and J.C. Penney.
After Hardy's death in 1965, the stardust from the old days had largely faded away over the next decade. Haber, who knew nothing about operating a resort, made a spontaneous handshake deal to buy the property for $300,000. On April 15, 1975, Haber became the owner of the Ingleside Inn.
Ingleside Inn and Melvyn's.
Haber shut down the Inn that summer and spent $500,000 in restoration costs, including Melvyn's restaurant. The Inn re-opened on September 15, 1975 and was an immediate success.
Over the years, the Inn has become a magnet for Hollywood's elite, U.S. Presidents, royalty, aristocrats, captains of industry and celebrities visiting Palm Springs. They include Frank Sinatra, Bob Hope, Lucille Ball, Marlon Brando, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver, Sylvester Stallone, Liza Minnelli, Liberace, Jerry Lewis, Barry Manilow, Kurt Russell, Goldie Hawn, Rita Hayworth, Pat Boone, Debbie Reynolds, Larry King, John Travolta, Sidney Sheldon, David Hasselhoff, President Gerald Ford, George Hamilton, and celebrity travel columnists Donald Pile and Ray Williams.
The status of the hotel was enhanced when Frank Sinatra and Barbara Marx held their pre-wedding party at Melvyn's in July 1976. Later the restaurant and Inn were named one of the world's premier hotel and dining venues by "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous".
Cecils and other restaurant ventures.
Tapping into the popularity of disco, Haber opened Cecils, a Chinese restaurant/discothèque on October 1, 1979. The $1.2 million disco rivaled Studio 54 in popularity and attracted celebrities like Kirk Douglas, Sonny Bono, Evel Knievel, Reggie Jackson, Smokey Robinson, Joan Collins, Jack Paar, Mary Martin, Carol Conners, Lola Falana, Lyle Waggoner, Ed Marinaro, Deney Terrio and John Travolta.
Haber followed Cecils with a pair of dining ventures in the early 1980s: Saturdays and Doubles. Saturdays was a knock off of the T.G.I. Friday's franchise while Doubles was a large restaurant inside the famed Tennis Club. Haber unexpectedly found himself the second largest employer in Palm Springs with approximately 200 people on his payroll.
Angel View Foundation.
Pop culture historians had proclaimed disco dead by 1980, but it was alive and well in Palm Springs. Haber sold Cecil's to a pair of local businessmen in 1985. That same year he also sold Doubles and Saturdays. Haber then devoted himself to the Angel View Crippled Children's Foundation, which was based in nearby Desert Hot Springs.
The foundation was originally created by a group from the Coachella Valley who felt the area's natural hot springs would be useful in the rehabilitation of children with polio. Angel View's mission broadened to include those children afflicted with a wide range of physical challenges. Haber served as a board member in 1983 and became Angel View’s president in 1993. The foundation opened its seventeenth home and named it the Mel Haber House on November 14, 2002.
Touche.
Palm Springs had been awaiting Haber's return to the club scene and in January 1994, he obliged them with the opening of Touche, a $1.3 million Moroccan-themed bar, nightclub and restaurant. More than 500 people showed up on opening night, including Andy Williams, George Hamilton, Connie Stevens, Jack Jones, Engelbert Humperdinck, Marc Lawrence and Jackie Mason. Despite an international plug from "Runaway with the Rich and Famous" (featuring Robin Leach), a pattern emerged at Touche: Haber was turning people away on weekends, but had no mid-week business. He eventually discovered that people's work and play habits had changed, and that there was also more enlightenment about alcohol and substance abuse through the media. Haber sold Touche in 1996 for $250,000 and returned his attentions back to The Ingleside Inn and Melvyn's, which were still thriving.
Author and Palm Springs Walk of Stars.
With the sale of Touche, Haber wrote an anecdotal book called "Bedtime Stories of the Ingleside Inn" The book mainly focused on funny stories and misadventures involving the Ingleside Inn and Melvyn's. With a dedication by Arnold Schwarzenneger, the book sold approximately 10,000 copies. On October 24, 1996 (his 60th birthday) Haber received a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs Walk of Stars. The city of Palm Springs also decided to make the Ingleside Inn an official historic site in 1996, which commemorated Haber's second decade in the desert.
By the new millennium, Palm Springs was infused with new life when the younger generation went through a retro movement and yearned for Hollywood's authentic glamor days. As a result, the Ingleside Inn and Melvyn's has become the center of the nostalgia movement.
Haber's second book, "Palm Springs a la Carte: The Colorful World of the Caviar Crowd at Their Favorite Desert Hideaway", co-authored with biographer Marshall Terrill, was published in December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20226853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226853" title="Lambda Boötis star">
Lambda Boötis star

A Lambda Boötis star is a type of peculiar star which has an unusually low abundance of iron peak elements in its surface layers. One possible explanation for this is that it is the result of accretion of metal-poor gas from a circumstellar disc. The prototype is Lambda Boötis.

</doc>
<doc id="20226870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226870" title="Gustavo Díaz-Jerez">
Gustavo Díaz-Jerez

Gustavo Díaz-Jerez (27 February 1970, Tenerife) is a Spanish pianist and composer.
Biography.
Gustavo Díaz-Jerez studied piano with J. A. Rodriguez at the Conservatorio Superior of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, and subsequently with Solomon Mikowsky at Manhattan School of Music in New York City. He has performed extensively throughout Europe, Asia, South America, Australia, the UK and the US, in halls including Carnegie Hall and Alice Tully Hall in New York, Royal Festival Hall in London and numerous other venues. He has collaborated with conductors such as Ivan Fischer, Victor Pablo, Cristian Mandeal, Matthias Bamert, Gunther Herbig, Adrian Leaper, José R. Encinar, Stanisław Skrowaczewski, with orchestras such as the Budapest Festival Orchestra, The Turin Symphony, The Northern Sinfonia, as well as the major Spanish orchestras (Tenerife, Gran Canaria, Galicia, Nacional de Cataluña, Castilla y León, Sinfónica de Madrid). He has been invited to play at various international music festivals, including the Festival Internacional de Canarias, La Roque d’Anthéron, Quincena Musical Donostiarra, Festival Internacional de Santander, among others.
He studied composition with Giampaolo Bracali and Ludmila Ulehla at Manhattan School of Music. His compositional language may be defined as “algorithmic spectralism”, merging elements of the spectralist movement (Grisey, Murail, Radulescu, etc.), in which timbre plays a fundamental role, with processes derived from mathematical disciplines such as cellular automata, L-systems, fractals, genetic algorithms, number theory, spectrum analysis, additive synthesis, psychoacoustics, etc. Needless the say, the use of the computer is indispensable, usually producing results in the form of electronic music. However, his main interest is not in electroacoustics, but to “transcribe” these results using traditional instruments. This requires a very careful and elaborate process of quantization of melodic, rhythmic and timbre elements, so it can be adequately performed by human players. These transformations, however, leave intact the essence of the original process. His works are published by PeriferiaMusic and Fractal Music Press. A programmer as well, he has written the PC freeware program FractMus, which explores fractal and generative processes for music composition. His articles on the subject have been published by specialized magazines such as Electronic Musician. and MIT's Leonardo Music Journal.
Since 2002, he is a professor of piano at the Centro Superior de Música del País Vasco, Musikene.

</doc>
<doc id="20226871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226871" title="Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2001">
Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2001

The annual Miss Puerto Rico Universe competition was held in the fall of 2000 in Puerto Rico. Denise Quiñones won the pageant and represented Puerto Rico at the Miss Universe 2001 pageant where she won the title of Miss Universe, becoming the fourth Puerto Rican woman to achieve this accomplishment. Denise also won the award for Miss Photogenic. Since Denise could not fulfill her duties as Miss Puerto Rico, due to her being Miss Universe, Joanna Treviño, the 1st Runner-up became the new Miss Puerto Rico 2001. 

</doc>
<doc id="20226874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226874" title="National McKinley Birthplace Memorial">
National McKinley Birthplace Memorial

The National McKinley Birthplace Memorial Library and Museum is the national memorial to President William McKinley located in Niles, Ohio. Also known as the McKinley Memorial Library, Museum & Birthplace Home, the Memorial is a 232 foot by 136 foot by 38 foot marble monument with two wings. One houses the McKinley Memorial Library, which is a public library. The second wing features the McKinley Museum with exhibits about President McKinley, and an auditorium. 
The McKinley Birthplace Home and Research Center is located near the Memorial at 40 South Main Street in Niles. The historic house museum has been furnished for the period when President McKinley was in office. 
History.
Planning.
On March 4, 1909, President William Howard Taft signed his first act as Commander-in-Chief, authorizing Congressional funding for a national memorial to be located in the town of McKinley’s birth: Niles, Ohio. The same act of Congress had also officially established the National McKinley Birthplace Association. Association President Joseph G. Butler, Jr., who had been a childhood friend and schoolmate of McKinley, began a $100,000 local campaign to raise funds for the Memorial in 1912. After securing nearly $200,000 for the Memorial without utilizing taxpayer funding, Butler and the Association sought public donations of $1 each to establish a permanent endowment. “Subscribers” (as the donors were called) would receive a book autographed by Butler “describing the work of the Memorial” that also contained a reproduction portrait of McKinley and “a facsimile of the act of Congress authorizing and commending the construction of the Birthplace Memorial.”
Competition and design.
The Association had its own ideas for the Memorial’s general design when they announced plans to offer a prize for the best architectural proposal in 1914. The city of Niles had already set aside a five-acre park as a location for the Memorial (purchased with municipal funds), and the Association stipulated that the design would be for a granite two-story structure with a basement, and that the structure must include a 1,000-seat auditorium (the “main feature”), a public library, a “relic room” for display of assorted effects, “an assembly hall for meetings of the veterans of the Grand Army of the Republic, where State encampments may be held, and for Spanish-American War Veterans, and a room for the meetings of officials of the city.” Additionally, the Association specified that the Memorial would house not only a statue of McKinley, but also “bronze busts of men associated with him in the affairs of the nation,” like Theodore Roosevelt, Marcus Hanna, Butler, and Andrew Carnegie and Henry Clay Frick, the latter two of whom were large contributors to the Memorial’s fund. Upon publication of the Association’s announcement, a competition commenced within the American Institute of Architects.
Edgerton Swartout (who was once an architect at McKim, Mead and White), Charles A. Platt (American landscape architect), and Edward Brodhead Green (Albright-Knox Art Gallery)served as judges for the competition, which comprised entries from Cass Gilbert (architect of the Woolworth Building), Henry Bacon (designer of the Lincoln Memorial), Harold Van Buren Magonigle (architect of the McKinley National Memorial and Mausoleum), Palmer, Hornbostel and Jones (a partner of which worked on the Queensboro Bridge), J. L. Decker (a local architect in Niles), and Zantzinger, Borie and Medary (designers of the Detroit Institute of Arts).
In 1915, the competition was concluded, and the $1,000 prize was awarded to McKim, Mead, and White. Their design, somewhat typical of their other Beaux-Arts work, reflected Greek and Roman themes in all aspects, from architectural elements to the lettering on tablets and statuary. Indeed, the entire Memorial was described not unlike a temple of antiquity, with McKinley assuming the role of “household god”:
The library was divided into two stories, with space for open stacks and meeting rooms, including one reserved for McKinley memorabilia. The auditorium, notably, was originally designed with 200 fewer seats than originally called for, and was expressly not to be for “theatrical entertainments.”
McKinley’s statue, by J. Massey Rhind, originally conceived as a bronze monument, was carved from a single thirty-five ton piece of marble.
Construction.
The cornerstone of the Memorial was laid on November 20, 1915, and an inscribed plaque on it read “Erected 1915. To Perpetuate the Name and Achievements of William McKinley, Twenty-fifth President of the United States of America. Born January 29, 1843. Died September 14, 1901.” The United States Marine Band played “On the Beautiful Blue Danube” (a favorite of Mrs. McKinley’s) and “Lead Kindly Light” (reportedly a hymn sung at McKinley’s deathbed) after a parade of organizations to which McKinley belonged proceeded down Niles’ Main Street.
John H. Parker Co. of New York oversaw the site’s construction.
Despite the Memorial Association’s specification for a granite structure, Georgia marble was used instead.
Dedication.
Former President Taft (also an Ohio native), in a speech endorsing American involvement in World War I, praised McKinley at the Memorial’s dedication ceremonies on October 5, 1917. McKinley’s sister was on hand to unveil her brother’s twelve-foot statue; Myron T. Herrick, George B. Cortelyou, and Butler also spoke for the program.
Current status.
The National McKinley Birthplace Memorial Library is open to the public seven days a week and closed on certain holidays. The McKinley Museum is also open to the public, with no admission fee.
Rehabilitation.
In 2008, the Memorial underwent renovation to clean and repair the marble façade.

</doc>
<doc id="20226885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226885" title="Apartment for Peggy">
Apartment for Peggy

Apartment for Peggy is a 1948 film about a depressed professor whose spirits are lifted when he rents part of his home to a young couple. It was based on the novelette "An Apartment for Jenny" by Faith Baldwin. Campus exteriors were filmed at the University of Nevada, Reno.
Plot.
Jason Taylor (Holden) is a World War II veteran of the United States Navy. A survivor of the sinking of the USS "Vincennes", he aspires to become a chemistry teacher and is attending college on the G.I. Bill. His wife Peggy (Crain) is a vibrant, energetic, and pregnant young woman seeking a suitable residence where Jason can concentrate on his studies without anxiety. She becomes acquainted with widower and retired philosophy professor Henry Barnes (Gwenn), who is planning to commit suicide soon.
Barnes' friend Professor Edward Bell (Lockhart) is the director of housing for the Veterans Administration at the university and arranges for the Taylors to room with Barnes to give him a reason to live.
The story opens with a chamber-music session where Henry acts strangely. At the drug store, Henry calls his friend, Professor Edward Bell, and tells him he intends to commit suicide. When they meet Henry discusses his plan to finish his last bit of work then end it all. Edward contacts Henry's doctor, Dr. Philip Conway, who gives Henry a physical and finds him in very good health even though most men his age "have been dead for 10 years". Henry asks for and gets some sleeping pills, but only two at a time. Henry says he won't sleep that well with only two, but Dr Philip says that "he will sleep better".
Peggy finds Henry on a park bench, where he is fascinated by her 19-yearold slang and vitality. She overloads Henry with her discussion of Jason, her husband and student veteran. Homeless due to being bumped by a mother and not just expectant, Peggy confides that the "creep" housing administrator is not responsive. Henry responds that Edward, the housing administrator is a good friend and capable. Henry lays out his case as being a useless old professor. Peggy tells him to start living with a capital "L". Off she goes, Henry is in a fog, and gets a call later from Edward with Peggy in his office.
Henry discusses Peggy with Edward; he becomes political and can’t change the rules. Peggy makes up a bunch of statistics (one of her favorite wiles) and overwhelms Edward's sensibilities. He finds Henry's name in his card file and discovers that he has a spare attic. Edward tells Peggy to go over to Henry's house and check the place out.
Peggy and Jason meet back in their trailer home, which is just a small, cramped camper. Jason is very pleased with his first report card: all above 90's except his nemesis, Chemistry, in which he got only an 86. Dinner is money talk, more money talk. Jason tells her that he's being offered a TA job for next term, and Peggy is very excited at this. Jason, however, has had a letter from a friend of his who has a job in Chicago as a car salesman, and that he could get Jason a job there too. Jason observes that a teaching assistant's pay is much less than a used car salesman's $150 per week. Peggy generates more spontaneous statistics, but Jason is wise to her ruse. 
Next day, Peggy shows up at Professor Henry's home to discuss his spare rooms. The attic, currently a storage space for old stuff is just perfect for Peggy, old stuff or not. The stairs are menacing, and the place is huge with a tall ceiling and only needs a woman's touch. Henry says he's leaving on March 1. She digs into the place, measures for curtains, starts banging and moving the 'stuff' around with a lot of racket. Henry is ready to jump ship but settles for a remote library in a more remote part of the home. He shows his mental blocking technique by reciting the books of the bible. Later Jason is there to witness the lights blow on the overloading of one electric outlet.
Jason goes off to the drug store to find a fuse and returns with not only a fuse, but a stray dog in tow as well. Peggy plays around with moving a couch in Henry's favorite room. He reads her the riot act about his deceased wife having decorated this room decades ago and it's 'Hands Off!' Peggy soothes the moment by playing the piano. Peggy's dog and the cat create more havoc, both noisy and messy, or so Henry thinks. Professor Henry has found his more-than-robust voice which he seems to use frequently. Peggy on the other hand has started to call Henry "Pop". Henry calls Philip to request more sleeping pills, and there is now a hidden plot developing between Henry, Dr Philip and the drug store.
The attic is transformed into a one room suite with the junk made useful. Though the whole creation was accomplished without dignity, planning, nor outside assistance according to Henry. Jason wants to become a teacher, preferably Chemistry and is somewhat upset that in America more money is spent on alcohol than education. Peggy goes off on a discourse on teaching children by starting in the womb and continuing with bombardment from then on to prevent the little ones from becoming "little heels". Henry is exhausted by just listening to Peggy, but he is enjoying the company.
The attic is a success, but it's still an attic and not very elegant to Jason. Henry's two new pills arrive and he stores them in his desk with his first batch, ah ha! Henry goes into his study and moves the couch into the spot recommended by Peggy; apparently he's softening up, a little. The next day, Peggy decides to serve Henry his breakfast in bed. Her energy is contagious. Peggy is off to the laundry and discusses a lipstick stain with one of the expectant wives. The wives feel uneducated, inadequate, and Peggy senses their fear of being left behind by their student husbands. Peggy and Henry discuss the fact that education is driving the couples apart instead of together. Henry and Peggy hatch a plan to hold a class for the wives, starting with philosophy. Pop gets the job to start the ball rolling. They source a meeting place, and the first introductory class is scheduled for an hour. Henry lays an egg with his old "man" jokes, but bounces back with a crack that at least the joke brought on "complete silence", the audience roars. Socrates didn't believe in democracy, the crowd is really into it, and the women participate wonderfully. Books are recommended, notes taken and the wives are great students. Pop at the end tells the class that he had come there to teach and ended up learning also and thanks them. He also tells them that this is the first time that he had to remind a class that it had ended 20 minutes earlier. He is a great success and he did it from the other side of a pool table and behind the "8 ball".
Henry comes home, plays with the dog and hears a baby crying in the attic. Running up in a panic, he finds Peggy baby-sitting and Peggy says they've decided if the baby is a boy they will name him "Henry Barnes Taylor". Jason is a big help, with the furnace and cooking; Peggy is doing the laundry and cleaning and Henry now has an impromptu family. Henry stashes away a few more pills—he hasn't completely given up on his original plan. Jason and Henry try to assemble a tiny tot bath, but the directions may as well be in Sanskrit. The exercise is maddening. They endure several do-overs and ask Nicky the dog for help. Under weight testing it fails and the discussion switches to Jason's difficulty in Chemistry. Henry gets a blanket instead.
Jason just doesn't think he's doing the right thing as a husband. Month to month there is always something that can't be taken care of. Jason feels that it will never work. 
The shower is a success, and Peggy feels that the baby is having a problem. Jason is telling his Chem teacher that he's going to quit. Right in the middle of this, Peggy has a miscarriage. All are despondent with words very hard to find. Henry and Jason walk home and there is but a simple "Why?" Peggy the next day puts on an amazing false front for Prof. Barnes. Henry tells Peggy that though she lost a child, that it was an "exchange"—the baby's life for his, and that he has cancelled his plan to kill himself (for now). Jason now plans to move to Chicago to sell cars, and Pop wants to move his room into the library and Peggy into his bedroom.
Dr. Philip tells Henry that Peggy's funk is not health-related but her disappointment from Jason having given up on his dream to become a teacher. Henry is off to address the circumstances with Jason. Communications are difficult, and guilt has taken the driver's seat. The Chicago sales job isn't teaching. Henry had a word with the Dean and Jason can come back and still take his exams. Jason talks money and fear of his Chemistry class. Jason learns the shortcomings of being a teacher versus the happiness that comes from being a real contributor in life. Henry returns and tries to tell a tall tale to Peggy. She sees right through it, but Henry tells her that his house is her home. Professor Henry slips further into his depression.
Jason sneaks back to take a shot at passing his exams. The professors are all excited and really think Jason can make it. He sails through his first groups of exams, but Chemistry is a bear. He blows his first attempt and throws the whole experiment to the floor. His Chem Prof, also a veteran, discusses Jason's Navy career and his own on the Wasp. He gives Jason a whole new setup and they reach common ground. Anything worth something has a price.
Henry is at home and decides to take his saved-up stash of pills. Peggy calls his colleagues and Dr. Philip tells the bunch that the pills aren't sleeping pills, but something that would not kill him. Jason shows up and they give Henry coffee and walk him until he drops. Jason tells Henry that he knew lots of guys who died during the war—perhaps even Henry's son—who would love to have the Professor’s options to continue to live.
The final scene has the orchestra together, Peggy announcing she's pregnant, and Henry scowling at his doctor for giving him the phony pills. Jason grabs Peggy during one of her statistical moments and pulls her into the kitchen. All's well that ends well.

</doc>
<doc id="20226904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226904" title="Demographic economics">
Demographic economics

Demographic economics or population economics is the application of economic analysis to demography, the study of human populations, including size, growth, density, distribution, and vital statistics. 
Aspects of the subject include
Other subfields include measuring value of life and the economics of the elderly and the handicapped and of gender, race, minorities, and non-labor discrimination. In coverage and subfields, it complements labor economics and implicates a variety of other economics subjects. __NOTOC__
Subareas.
The "Journal of Economic Literature" classification codes are a way of categorizing subjects in economics. There, Demographic Economics is paired with Labor Economics as one of 19 primary classifications at JEL: J. It has 8 subareas, which are listed below with JEL-code links to corresponding available article-preview links of "The New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics" (2008) Online:
See also.
Related:

</doc>
<doc id="20226911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226911" title="Oklahoma Tax Commission">
Oklahoma Tax Commission

The Oklahoma Tax Commission (OTC) is the Oklahoma state government agency that collects taxes and enforces the taxation and revenue laws of the state. The Commission is composed of three members appointed by the Governor of Oklahoma with the approval of the Oklahoma Senate. The Commission then appoints an Administrator to serve as the chief executive officer of the Commission and to oversee the general practices of the Commission.
The Tax Commission was created in 1931 during the term of Governor of Oklahoma William H. Murray.
Leadership.
The current members of the Commission are:
The current Commission Administrator is Tony Mastin. Under Governor Mary Fallin, the Commission is under the supervision of Secretary of Finance and Revenue Preston Doerflinger, who is also the Director of the Oklahoma Office of State Finance.
Jurisdiction.
The Commission has responsibility for supervising the administration and enforcement of state tax laws and the collection of a majority of all state-levied taxes and fees. The Commission directs the collection and distribution of the tax and license sources under its administration and, by statute, is responsible for distributing such tax revenues to the various state funds. In addition, the Commission allocates certain state-collected taxes earmarked to counties, school districts and cities directly to local governments. 
On a contractual basis with individual cities and counties, the Commission is involved with the administration, collection and distribution of city and county sales taxes and city use taxes.
Organization.
The Commission is composed of thirteen divisions organized into three administrations: Customer Service, Revenue Administration and Support Services.
Staffing.
The Tax Commission, with an annual budget of $130 million, is one of the larger employers for the State. For fiscal year 2010, the Commission was authorized 861 employees.

</doc>
<doc id="20226924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226924" title="Ferdinánd Pálffy">
Ferdinánd Pálffy

Count Ferdinánd Pálffy de Erdőd (1 February 1774 – 4 February 1840) was a mining engineer and civil servant of the Austrian Empire who is better remembered for his role in managing the Theater an der Wien, Vienna, in pursuit of which he lost his not inconsiderable fortune and retired from his creditors in Vienna.
Life.
Born in the Habsburg residence Vienna the son of Count Lipót Pálffy de Erdőd (1739–1799), he was a distant relative of the Imperial field marshal and Hungarian palatine János Pálffy (1664–1751). He attended the mining institute at Schemnitz, Hungary (now Banská Štiavnica, Slovakia) from 1794 to 1796, where he remained in government service before returning to Vienna in 1806 to work in the Austrian ministry of mines. 
In 1807 Pálffy was among the association of court nobles that acquired the Theater an der Wien, as well as the leases of the other two theatres patronised by the court, the Burgtheater and the Theater am Kärntnertor. By degrees he became solely responsible for the court theaters, and in 1813 he acquired outright the Theater an der Wien, inducing Louis Spohr to come from his court appointment in Gotha to conduct its orchestra.
Count Pálffy was a dedicated patroniser of Ludwig van Beethoven, whom he reserved an honored place in his theatre—in close vicinity to the orchestra due to Beethoven's incipient deafness. According to Spohr, he nevertheless was vociferously accursed by the impetuous composer. Under Pálffy's directorship, the Theater an der Wien saw the premiere of Helmina von Chézy's "Rosamunda", which sank without a trace, save for its incidental music by Franz Schubert, whose 1820 melodrama "Die Zauberharfe" found eight performances at the Theater, for which Schubert dedicated to Palffy his Grande Sonata in B-flat major (D 617). He found fault with Spohr's 1813 opera "Faust", so that Carl Maria von Weber arranged its premiere at the Prague Estates Theatre in 1816.
During the period of his proprietorship, which lasted until 1826, he offered opera and ballet and, to appeal to a wider Viennese audience, popular pantomime and variety acts, losing money in elaborate spectacles until he was forced to sell the theater at auction in 1826, and to disperse his library and collection of mineral specimens. Fearing arrest for his outstanding debts, he fled Vienna for Preßburg (Bratislava) where he remained for several years.

</doc>
<doc id="20226951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226951" title="Palm Springs a la Carte">
Palm Springs a la Carte

Palm Springs a la Carte: The Colorful World of the Caviar Crowd at Their Favorite Desert Hideaway (ISBN 978-1569803530) is a 256-page book co-written by celebrity biographer Marshall Terrill describing the adventures of Palm Springs, California restaurateur and hotelier, Mel Haber. It was published by Barricade Books in 2009.
Haber's two establishments – The Ingleside Inn and Melvyn's restaurant – have attracted countless celebrities, Hollywood elite, royalty, diplomats, mafioso and con artists since 1975 when he restored the historic inn and grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="20226997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20226997" title="Miss Puerto Rico Universe 1999">
Miss Puerto Rico Universe 1999

The following are results which determined who would become Miss Puerto Rico in 1999.
Sources.
http://www.jimmyspageantpage.com/puertorico.html

</doc>
<doc id="20227001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227001" title="2008 Golden Spin of Zagreb">
2008 Golden Spin of Zagreb

The 2008 Golden Spin of Zagreb () was the Golden Spin of Zagreb competition for the 2008-2009 figure skating season. It was the 41st edition of the Golden Spin of Zagreb to be held. The Golden Spin of Zagreb is an annual senior-level international figure skating competition held in Zagreb, Croatia. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
The 2008 competition was held in the Dom Sportova between November 13 and November 16, 2008. The compulsory dance was the Paso Doble.

</doc>
<doc id="20227013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227013" title="Kashinhou">
Kashinhou

Kashinhou (化審法), or full name, , in English "Law Concerning the Examination and Regulation of Manufacture, etc. of Chemical Substances" (Showa Act No. 117, 昭和48年法律第117号) is the current Chemicals and dangerous substances regulation law in Japan. The more verbose abbreviated name is This law featured the world's first new chemical pre-examination system.
Coverage.
This law was established to provide a framework to examine the importation, manufacture, and usage of industrial chemicals and refractory organic substances for persistence and health consequences, as well as the necessary legal restrictions in order to achieve those aims.
History.
The law has its origins in the year Showa 43 (1968), with an illness related to polychlorinated biphenyls poisoning in the Kanemi Oil Incident. In 1973, this law was established, radically overturning a prevailing attitude that long term contaminants bioaccumulating in humans was not problematic. Refractory organic substances, highly enriched uranium, and substances that possess long term toxicity to humans were classified as Section 1 Chemical Substances. Section 1 items were banned from manufacture or importation.
In 1986, a Section 2 Chemical Substances was added, which included trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene which had contaminated groundwater. Questionable chemical substances that did not fall into above categories were introduced into a Section 2 Questionable Chemical substances category.
In 1999, the government ministries were reorganized, and the Ministry of the Environment was added as an overseer to the precursor ministries of the current Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry.
In 2003, under pressure from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, a third Section was created to surveillance of chemical substances harmful to flora and fauna but not to humans.
Regulation, Policing, and Surveillance of other laws, namely the Poisonous and Deleterious Substance Control Law, Stimulant Control Law, and Narcotics and Psychotropics Control Law were transferred to the current ministries as mentioned above.

</doc>
<doc id="20227028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227028" title="Hypoalimentation">
Hypoalimentation

Hypoalimentation is a type of nutrition disorder that is associated with nourishment that is inadequate.
Examples include malnutrition and avitaminosis.

</doc>
<doc id="20227047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227047" title="Chris Tinney">
Chris Tinney

Chris Tinney is an astronomer at the University of New South Wales who is focused on extrasolar planet and brown dwarf research. He is a member of the Anglo-Australian Planet Search team which has discovered over twenty planets by doppler spectroscopy. He is also the former head of astronomy at the Anglo-Australian Observatory.

</doc>
<doc id="20227054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227054" title="De Profundis Clamavi Ad Te Domine">
De Profundis Clamavi Ad Te Domine

De Profundis Clamavi Ad Te Domine (Latin for "From the Depths, I Have Cried Out to You, O Lord") is the first live album by black metal band Dark Funeral. It was recorded during the South American tour in September 2003, and was released by Regain Records on April 19, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20227055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227055" title="Peter Hasslacher">
Peter Hasslacher

Peter Hasslacher (14 August 1810 – 5 July 1876) was a German Roman Catholic preacher. He was one of the many Jesuit missionaries who strove throughout Germany, from Freiburg to Berlin and Danzig, to reawaken and strengthen the country's Catholic forces after the stormy year of 1846.
Life.
Hasslacher was born in Coblenz. His youth was somewhat tempestuous. As a medical student in the university in Bonn, in 1831, he identified himself with the German student movement, which was looked upon as revolutionary; and he was compelled, in consequence, to undergo seven years confinement in Berlin, Magdeburg, and Ehrenbreitstein. During these years he underwent a spiritual change, and in particular, by studying the Church Fathers, stirred his mind with theological knowledge; after his liberation he entered, in the spring of 1840, the novitiate of the Society of Jesus, at Saint-Acheul, France. He was ordained to the priesthood on 1 September 1844, and then preached with much success in the Strasbourg Cathedral, until the year 1849. It was at this time that the popular missions were inaugurated in Germany, but Hasslacher's delicate health could not long withstand the physical exertions entailed, and this apparent difficulty and disadvantage led the zealous-heated missionary into the field of activity which was particularly his own, namely, the conference. This he himself explains in a detailed letter (Deutsches Ordensarchiv) written from Bad Ems to his provincial in 1860. He gave conferences in all the larger cities in the Rhine and Westphalia. His strength failing, he was sent in 1863 to conduct, in Paris, the St. Joseph's Mission for German Catholics, but even this labour became after ten years too much of a tax on his physical powers so that he was compelled to abandon it and to take up similar but lighter duties at Poitiers. After a year he was brought back, very ill, to Paris, where he died.

</doc>
<doc id="20227061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227061" title="Canale Italia">
Canale Italia

Canale Italia is a Veneto-based Italian television network that offer a light entertainment program: movies, news and weather bulletins, political debates and variety shows. After more than 20 years broadcasting in the North-East area of Italy with the name "Serenissima Tv", in 2004 it acquired UHF channels from France 2 relays "Telecentrotoscana" and "AiFraTef" that allowed the station to be seen in the whole northern Italy. After acquiring other channels to cover Rome, Serenissima TV became "Canale Italia". Canale Italia then proceeded to an aggressive campaign of expansion in the following years, being broadcast in syndication in some regions and acquiring new channels in others. On November 4, 2009, Canale Italia acquired all the channels of Perugia based station "RTE 24H" that covered Umbria and Tuscany alongside portions of Lazio and Marche.
Many programs are available "On Demand" on the Official Site with Adobe Flash or Microsoft Silverlight.
It is also broadcast Free To Air on Hot Bird satellite and is available on SKY Italia channel 883.

</doc>
<doc id="20227070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227070" title="Miss Universe Puerto Rico 1998">
Miss Universe Puerto Rico 1998

Sources.
http://www.jimmyspageantpage.com/puertorico.html

</doc>
<doc id="20227089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227089" title="HMS Traveller">
HMS Traveller

Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Traveller":

</doc>
<doc id="20227097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227097" title="Miss Universe Puerto Rico 1997">
Miss Universe Puerto Rico 1997

The annual Miss Puerto Rico Universe pageant was won by Ana Rosa Brito Suárez who then represented Puerto Rico at the Miss Universe 1997 pageant and placed as one of the ten finalists. 

</doc>
<doc id="20227107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227107" title="List of diplomats of Great Britain to the Republic of Genoa">
List of diplomats of Great Britain to the Republic of Genoa

List of diplomats from the England and Great Britain to the Republic of Genoa
Envoys Extraordinary of Great Britain (from 1707).
"In 1797, the Republic passed under French control and was formally annexed to France in 1805"

</doc>
<doc id="20227109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227109" title="Year of the Lover">
Year of the Lover

"Year of the Lover" is a song by American R&B recording artist Lloyd, released as the third and final single from his third studio album "Lessons in Love" (2008). The song was produced by Eric Hudson and written by Rico Love. It was sent to U.S. radio stations on July 10, 2009. The single was only released in the United States, where it only reached #101 on "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. Although the song was a favorite among many, the single lacked promotion and didn't received a music video. The single version features rapper Plies. Both Plies and Fabolous was featured on the song in "Lessons in Love 2.0". Other remixes come from Rock City.

</doc>
<doc id="20227121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227121" title="Devex">
Devex

Devex is a social enterprise that aims to reduce operational inefficiencies in the field of international development. A for-profit membership organization, Devex employs more than 100 staff members in four locations, including its Washington, D.C. headquarters and offices in Barcelona, Manila and Tokyo.
The organization’s web site serves as a clearinghouse of business and recruiting information that allows interested parties to come together in service of thousands of foreign assistance projects worldwide. Devex claims more than 100,000 active users within the international aid community – including development organizations, donor agencies, suppliers and aid workers.
Devex’s president and founder, Raj Kumar, began the organization in 2000 as a student project at Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government. Kumar’s goal was to lower the administrative costs of donor agencies so they could devote a greater share of resources to foreign-assistance projects themselves. “With $200 billion in foreign aid each year,” Kumar said in 2008, “a few percentage points of efficiency gains is like adding another Gates Foundation to the world.”
Services.
Devex makes use of web 2.0 content-sharing and social-networking tools to dramatically reduce the time and expense which international development professionals have typically had to devote to recruiting and information-gathering. The features offered on devex.com include a searchable database of over 500,000 professionals and a company directory listing more than 15,000 development companies.
Devex also provides its members with information about projects being funded by major donor agencies. Its constant flow of real-time intelligence on the development sector has prompted The Washington Post to compare Devex to Bloomberg L.P.’s financial information service. At any given time, the site provides details on as many as 50,000 active projects in the developing world. Devex members receive several types of reports on these activities.
In 2008, Devex also began to expand the journalistic content on its web site, providing frequent articles on specific regions or problems within the developing world, as well as commentary and analysis from leading voices in the field of foreign assistance.
Memberships.
Devex uses a fee-based model with three membership categories:

</doc>
<doc id="20227129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227129" title="Oklahoma Office of Management and Enterprise Services">
Oklahoma Office of Management and Enterprise Services

The Oklahoma Office of Management and Enterprise Services (OMES) is a government agency which manages and supports the basic functioning of the government of Oklahoma. Under the leadership of the Oklahoma Secretary of Finance and Revenue, OMES provides financial, property, purchasing, human resources and information technology services to all state agencies, and assists the Governor of Oklahoma on developing the annual State budget. Originally called the Office of State Finance, the agency was renamed to its current name in 2012.
The Office is headed by a Director, who is appointed by the Governor with the approval of the Oklahoma Senate, to serve at the pleasure of the Governor. Within the Office is the state's Chief Information Officer, who is also appointed by the Governor, who oversees the state's information technology systems.
The current OMES Director is Preston Doerflinger, who was appointed by Governor Mary Fallin in 2011, and the current Chief Information Officer is Alex Pettit, appointed by Governor Brad Henry in 2010 and retained by Governor Fallin in 2011.
The Office of Management and Enterprise Services was created in 2012 during the term of Governor of Oklahoma Mary Fallin.
Overview.
History.
The Office of State Finance was created in 1947 by Governor of Oklahoma Robert S. Kerr to replace the State Budget Office.
In April 2010, Governor Brad Henry appointed the Oklahoma's first Chief Information Officer following legislation passed in the last session of 2009 modernizing Oklahoma's state government information technology system. Part of the CIO's responsibilities is to identify synergies possible through the reduction of duplicate systems and centralizing IT infrastructure.
The Office of State Finance was significantly reformed in 2011 when Governor Mary Fallin signed the Government Administrative Process Consolidation and Reorganization Reform Act of 2011. Pursuant to that Act, several agencies were consolidated into OSF, including the Oklahoma Department of Central Services, the Oklahoma Office of Personnel Management, the Oklahoma State Employees Benefits Council, and the Oklahoma State and Education Employees Group Insurance Board. All the powers and duties of the those agencies were vested in the Director of OSF and the individual agencies became subsidiary divisions of the OSF, which was renamed the Office of Management and Enterprise Services.
Human Capital Management Division.
The Human Capital Management Division (HCMD) manages the State government's civil service. HCMD provides comprehensive human resource services to all state agencies and employees (excluding institutions of public institutions of higher education), as well as information for individuals interested in state service careers. HCMD, together with the Oklahoma Merit Protection Commission, is also responsible for administering and enforcing the State Merit System to ensure a professional and non-political civil service. In addition to administering the State Merit System, the HCMD provides a wide variety of personnel-related services and regulatory functions affecting all agencies and employees in all branches of state government. It is the responsibility of HCMD to maintain a central clearing house of all classified job openings for the state government.
HCMD has total jurisdiction over state employees that are in the classified service and limited jurisdiction over unclassified service employees. Classified employees are all state employees and positions which are subject to rules of OPM and the decisions of the Oklahoma Merit Protection Commission. This is as opposed to the unclassified service, which are at-will employees. The two primary distinctions between classified and unclassified employees are as follows:
Capital Asset Management Division.
The Capital Asset Management Division (DCAM) is responsible for providing services to help manage and support the basic functioning of all state agencies. DCAM provides government-wide operation and maintenance of state property, buildings, and equipment, and manages the sale of surplus items. DCAM also manages the state motor vehicle fleet and provides government-wide risk management, printing and distribution.
The DCAM's Office of Facilities Management is responsible for operating and maintain seventeen buildings, including the Oklahoma State Capitol and the Oklahoma Governor's Mansion. In total, the Division manages approximately two million square feet.
The following is a list of facilities within the State Capitol Complex under the control of the Division and the agencies they house:
The following is a list of major state facilities not under the control of the Division and the agencies they house:
Information Services Division.
The Chief Information Officer oversees the Information Services Division (ISD), which administers the State's Financial, HR, Budgeting, Enterprise Learning, Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Scanning and Imaging, IT/Telecom Purchasing, Voice over IP (VOIP) and traditional analog telephone applications. Additionally ISD supplies a wide variety of IT services ranging from Disaster Recovery to agency courier services.
Internal organization.
Budget.
The Office of Management and Enterprise Services is one of the largest agencies of the State. OMES has an annual budget of over $200 million.
Staffing.
The Office of Management and Enterprise Services is one of the largest employers of the State. OMES has over 1000 full-time employees.

</doc>
<doc id="20227141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227141" title="William Levett (baron)">
William Levett (baron)

William Levett (also spelled William de Livet) (ca. 1200 – ca. 1270) was lord of the manor of the South Yorkshire village of Hooton Levitt, a village named in part for his ancestors, and became the owner of the patronage of Roche Abbey on marriage to the granddaughter of the Abbey's cofounder Richard FitzTurgis, a Norman baron who co-founded Roche with the great-nephew of one of England's most powerful Norman barons, Roger de Busli.
Levett (also spelled de Livet, de Lyvet, Levet) was likely born in Hooton Levitt, the son of Nicholas de Lyvet, the lord of the manor. There were four Hootons in Yorkshire, the name meaning 'a farmstead on a spur of land,' from the Old Norse.
Following the Norman Conquest, William the Conqueror gave the village to his half-brother, Robert, Count of Mortain, who continued to hold the village, rather than granting it to one of his knights. By the 12th century, control of Hooton had come to Richard FitzTurgis, who later co-founded Roche Abbey. Undoubtedly a Norman, FitzTurgis's name betrayed his likely, like many Normans, Viking origins. 
Hooton Levitt was a tiny village, bordering on Nottingham Forest. As late as 1379, it had only 30 taxpayers. What made it valuable were its quarries, and those controlled by the nearby Cistercian Abbey of Roche. It was these quarries, and others like them nearby, that would later supply the grinding stones necessary to the cutlery industry that emerged at nearby Sheffield, and that in the meantime supplied building material to much of the county.
The Lyvet family were lords of the manor of several South Yorkshire villages, and Hooton Levitt (sometimes spelled Hooton Levett) was given the manorial affix of the Anglo-Norman family who eventually came to own it. William Levett married Constantia, granddaughter of Richard FitzTurgis, founder of Roche Abbey and first to style himself 'de Wickersley' after his holding of the nearby village of Wickersley. 
Following the marriage of William Levett and Constantia de Wickersley, the Levett family controlled the Abbey through its patronage. In today's world such abbeys seem an odd concept, but during the Middle Ages they controlled huge swaths of land. Roche Abbey's holdings—and it was only of middling rank—were enormous, sprawling across five counties: Yorkshire, Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire, Lincolnshire and Lancashire.
Little is known of the life of William Levett, lord of the manor of Hooton Levitt and controller of Roche. He appears to have been a power in the region, having witnessed a charter in 1240 confirming a grant under William de Warenne, 5th Earl of Surrey, one of the most powerful Norman magnates, of land to the Kirklees nunnery. Levett (referred to as 'William de Livet') served as Steward to the Earl of Surrey. The Levett family's name is often connected with grants of land to the Abbey through the centuries. As lords of the manor of Hooton Levitt and principal patrons of Roche Abbey, the Levett family wielded considerable influence in the region.
But these were turbulent times, punctuated by the Black Death and the evolving feudal order, in which labor imbalances due to plague deaths gave the common laborer leverage against his lords. By the time of the tenure of Roche Abbey Abbot John de Aston (1356–1358) the Levett family seemed to have been stretched thin. In 1377 John Levett, son of William and likely grandson or great-grandson of the original William who gained control of the Abbey through marriage, sold control of Roche to a London merchant. The deed records Levett's words: "I, John Levet, son and heir of William Levet, of Hooton Levet, have given, granted, and by this present charter confirmed to Richard Barry, citizen and merchant of London, the whole of my estate, which I have or my ancestors have ever had in the foundation of the Abbey of Roche..."
At the height of the Abbey's power, during the tenure of the FitzTurgis family and their Levett descendants, Roche had some 80 monks within its walls. Quarrying its stone-rich meadows yielded large profits, as did income from its sprawling holdings, principally of grazing land but also within the city of York. The family's ties to this ecclesiastical bedrock during the turbulent Middle Ages likely provided some measure of spiritual comfort. All this passed out of the family's hands in 1377, perhaps because of financial mismanagement or the collapsing labor market due to the Black Death. 
The family continued to remain in the area, where they were lords of the manor of the Newlands estate, and had longstanding ties to the Knights Hospitallers, and to High Melton, where many of the original charters of Roche, as well as the Chartulary of the St. John of Pontefract Abbey, eventually fell into the hands of Thomas Levett, a descendant who turned them over to eminent Yorkshire antiquarian Roger Dodsworth for study and publication. Most of the other records of Roche were lost when the chest in which they were kept in St Mary's Tower, York, was blasted by the Parliamentary forces of Oliver Cromwell during the siege of June 1644 in the English Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="20227155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227155" title="Le Tian Pai">
Le Tian Pai

Le Tian Pai is the first Mandarin-language maxi-single released by Wei Chen. 
One of the songs included in this EP, "Boys", is adapted from Sabrina Salerno's song of the same name, and is a duet with He Jie.

</doc>
<doc id="20227167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227167" title="Columbia and Western Railway">
Columbia and Western Railway

The Columbia and Western Railway was a historic Canadian narrow gauge railway located in southern British Columbia.
Constructed in 1896, its route connected silver and gold mines at Red Mountain and Rossland and a smelter at Trail. Augustus Heinze was the force behind the line as he also was the developer behind the Trail smelter and worked quickly to gain competitive advantage prior to the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway into the Kootenay region.
Premier Turner of Victoria passed "“An Act to Incorporate the Columbia and Western Railway Company”" (C&W) on April 17, 1896. Capitalization was stated to be $5 million. Besides bestowing a grant of of land per completed mile of the narrow-gauge trackage—20,000 for any standard gauge built—the Act permitted the C&W to build west through the metal-rich Boundary District and on to Lake Okanagan at Penticton to connect with the CPR’s lakeboat service to its Mainline via that lake to the Shuswap and Okanagan Railway. The company had four years to accomplish the construction or lose the $50,000 deposit that it was required to remit to the government within six months of the Act’s passage.
A spur ran to the Arrow Lakes steamer landing at Robson Heinze sold to Canadian Pacific Railway in 1898. The spur is now a cycling trail. From The Paulson Summit, it is about 5 km uphill, 50 km downhill, then 5 km flat to the City of Castlegar water intake. About 4.5 km in, you pass a memorial to Doukhobor Peter V. Verigin, who was killed in one of the earliest terrorist attacks in Canada; a still-unsolved Canadian Pacific Railway train explosion on October 29, 1924 near Farron, between Castlegar and Grand Forks, British Columbia.
Initially it was a gauge line, and the steep, rise up the mountain from the Columbia River necessitated the use of three Shay Locomotives to move the open ore cars, past the fruit trees of Warfield, and onto the LeRoi and War Eagle mines. The line was regauged to by the CPR in 1899.
The CPR took the C and W and its generous land grants and merged it into the Kettle Valley Railway it was then building. J. W. Stewart the famed general and builder, worked on the project (see Foley, Welch and Stewart). Technically, the portion of the Kettle Valley Line that runs from West Robson through Gladstone and Grand Forks to Midway is the Columbia and Western line.

</doc>
<doc id="20227227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227227" title="Tiny Mills">
Tiny Mills

Henry Mittlestadt (best known by his ring name, Tiny Mills; 1911 – 1987) was a Canadian professional wrestler. He often teamed with his brother Al Mills as the tag team "Murder Incorporated". Later on Stan "Krusher" Kowalski would replace Al Mills as part of "Murder Incorporated.
Career.
Mills started his wrestling career at the Maple Leaf Gardens in 1953. Teaming with his brother Al Mills, they were billed as "Murder Incorporated." Al and Tiny won Toronto's NWA Canadian Open Tag Team Championship in the debut year, defeating the Canadian dream team of Whipper Billy Watson and Yvon Robert. They drew huge houses at Maple Leaf Gardens that year. They traded the Championship with Watson and Hombre Montana as well as Ernie and Emil Dusek in 1954 and won the Championship once more in 1955, which was also the year Al made his final wrestling appearance in Toronto. After the deal of Al Mills Tiny decided to find a new partner and reform Murder Inc. in the late 1950s. He decided to team up with Minneapolis native Stan "Krusher" Kowalski. Team won the Minneapolis version of the NWA World Tag Team Championships twice while working for the NWA Minneapolis Wrestling and Boxing Club. When that promotion became the American Wrestling Association in 1960, Mills and Kowalski became the first AWA World Tag Team Champions. Mills not only worked in tag teams but as a singles wrestler as well. In 1960, Mills had a Championship match against NWA World Champion Pat O'Connor at Maple Leaf Gardens. Together with Kowalski, Tiny Mills once again won the Canadian Open Tag Team Championship, defeating Watson and Ilio DiPaolo on the last Maple Leaf Gardens show of 1960. They lost the Championship early in 1961 after which Mills never came back to Toronto again. After retirement, Tiny became a sheriff in Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="20227229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227229" title="Attera Orbis Terrarum – Part II">
Attera Orbis Terrarum – Part II

Attera Orbis Terrarum – Part II is the second of the two-part "Attera Orbis Terrarum" series of live DVDs by Swedish black metal band Dark Funeral. This part accounts for the South American leg of the "Attera Orbis Terrarum" tour in October 2006, and also includes amateur footage filmed in both North America and South America.

</doc>
<doc id="20227234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227234" title="Hans Koch">
Hans Koch

Koch was born in Bartenstein, East Prussia (modern Bartoszyce, Poland), he graduated in law from the University of Königsberg. In 1923, he began working at the Prussian Ministry of Trade and later as the second state commisar of the Berlin stock exchange. In 1927, he opened his own law office. In 1937, he helped win an acquittal for pastor Martin Niemöller.
During World War II, he developed contacts with Claus von Stauffenberg and the July 20 plot conspirators, including Carl Goerdeler. In the July 20 plot, once the Nazis had been routed, Koch was slated to become the presiding judge of the "Reichsgericht", the highest court in the German Reich. The plot failed, however, and Koch sheltered one of the conspirators. An informer denounced him and Koch and his family were arrested. He was murdered extrajudicially in Berlin by a Sonderkommando of the SS-Reichssicherheitshauptamt on April 24, 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20227238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227238" title="Velodyne Inc.">
Velodyne Inc.

Velodyne, Inc. is a Silicon Valley-based technology company with three major divisions: Velodyne Acoustics, Velodyne LiDAR, and Velodyne Marine.
Thirty years ago, David Hall's audio invention defined the experience of home theater, before the term was commonly used, to include clean sound and low distortion bass. More recently, Hall has applied this same technology to headphones. Velodyne currently has three headphone models on the market: the vPulse in-ear headphone, the vFree, which is an on-ear wireless headphone and the over-ear vTrue studio headphone, with 4 new models to be released this year.
David Hall remains the technology visionary behind Velodyne alongside Marta Hall, President of Velodyne, and a nationally recognized public artist. Together they create and oversee the development of new products.
Audio.
In 1983, Velodyne’s founder and chief engineer David Hall introduced a technological breakthrough in subwoofer technology which revolutionized the reproduction of low-frequency sound. At the time subwoofers that were available on the market produce poor sound quality. This invention would be the driving force behind the ULD-18. The ULD-18 was a substantial improvement over other subwoofer on the market at the time. It produced bass louder and lower with distortion levels 20-30 times less than any other subwoofer on the market at that time.
It was not until 2012 that Velodyne expanded its product line to include headphones with the release of the vPulse in-ear headphones. 
Velodyne currently offers a number of audio products ranging from subwoofers to headphones. Recently Velodyne has entered the headphone market with its vPulse in-ear headphones. The vPulse headphones are rated as the best headphones available for under $100 according to CNET.com. In addition to the vPulse headphones, Velodyne also offers the vFree wireless Bluetooth headphones and vTrue studio headphones. The vFree headphones offer comfort, freedom and style with their lightweight and customizable skins. Meanwhile, the vTrue studio headphones made from forged aluminum and genuine leather offer style and comfort while still providing excellent sound quality. Velodyne also has three more headphones set to be released in the summer of 2013. The vLeve headphone will be a wired on-ear headphone similar to the vFree headphones. Meanwhile, the vBold will be and over-ear wireless Bluetooth headphone with optional wired connectivity similar to the vFree. Finally, the vQuiet will be Velodyne’s noise cancelling, over-ear headphones.
Lidar.
Velodyne Lidar is a Silicon Valley-based company, specializing in laser imaging technology. The company evolved after founder and inventor, David Hall, competed in the 2004-05 DARPA Grand Challenge utilizing stereo-vision technology. Based on his experience during this challenge, David Hall recognized the limitations of stereo-vision and developed the high-resolution Lidar sensor.
History
Velodyne's experience with laser distance measurement started in the 2005 with the DARPA Grand Challenge sponsored by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). A race for autonomous vehicles across the Mojave desert, DARPA's goal was to stimulate autonomous vehicle technology development for both military and commercial applications. Velodyne founders David and Bruce Hall entered the competition as Team DAD (Digital Audio Drive), traveling 6.2 miles in the first event and 25 miles in the second.
Team DAD developed technology for visualizing the environment, first using a dual video camera approach and later developing the laser-based system that laid the foundation for Velodyne's current products. The first Velodyne Lidar scanner was about 30 inches in diameter and weighed close to 100 lbs. Choosing to commercialize the Lidar scanner instead of competing in subsequent challenge events, Velodyne was able to dramatically reduce the sensor's size and weight while also improving performance.
Velodyne's HDL-64E Lidar sensor was the primary means of terrain map construction and obstacle detection for all the top DARPA Urban Challenge teams in 2007 and used by five out of six of the finishing teams, including the winning and second place teams. Some teams relied exclusively on the Lidar for the information about the environment used to navigate an autonomous vehicle through a simulated urban environment.
In 2011, Google tested self-driving cars on the streets in the Bay Area, using Velodyne’s Lidar technology.
A year later, Velodyne Lidar Division signed a major contract with Caterpillar for the supply of Lidars to be used for off-road vehicles.
Velodyne Lidar sensors are on display at the Smithsonian Institute in Washington, DC. in the museum’s permanent robotics collection.
Marine.
In 2005, Velodyne founder and CEO David Hall designed the first real time 3D LiDAR viewing system. In the years since David Hall expanded the company to include LiDAR, Hall has taken the company a step further into the area of Marine technology. This ground breaking design utilizes electronic and pneumatic technology to deliver a stable marine craft even in the roughest seas. The system uses two pontoons connected to legs which support a level platform. Whenever waves approach the boat the system automatically adjusts itself to maintain a smooth, level deck! Not only does this design deliver a stable boat which helps prevent sea sickness, but it is also results in more efficient boat travel. Instead of having a large boat hull sitting in the water, which results in a lot of drag, a larger portion of the boat sits above the water which reduces friction with the water. Hall’s design is considered an“active” boat stabilization method whereas other current boat stabilization methods are considered “passive” methods which take more time to react to changes in the pitch of the sea. Hall’s design reacts faster and more effectively than other current marine stabilizing inventions.

</doc>
<doc id="20227250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227250" title="Lauderdale County High School">
Lauderdale County High School

Lauderdale County High School is a public elementary and high school (grades K-12) located in Rogersville, Alabama. It is one of eleven public schools in the Lauderdale County, Alabama School District.
History.
In the summer of 1907 the Alabama State Legislature passed an act providing for a high school in each county, provided the people of the county construct a building, furnish the equipment and provide of land to the state within a year. At this time thirty-one schools were established, and Rogersville was chosen as the site for the Lauderdale County High School. By virtue of being first, it has proudly worn the county's name. Lauderdale County High School was located at Rogersville in 1912 during the administration of General Emmit O'Neal. For several years prior to this time, a high school had existed at Rogersville but was not accredited.
Interest in public education in the Rogersville community dates back to the early 19th century. The oldest school of which there is a record was started by a Mrs. Joshua James, Jr., daughter-in-law of one of the first Baptist preachers in the community. The daughter of Mr. James taught in this school from 1845 to 1866, The school was located on Lambs Ferry Road. It was a one room log building. The school term was three months, and the teacher's salary was $23.00 a month.
At first the high school was housed in a two-story building. This building was destroyed by fire in 1926 and was replaced by a modern one-story brick building at a cost of $30,000, of which $17,000 was donated by the community. The first graduating class in 1913 consisted of three members. In 1931 there were thirty-four members; by 1949 there were sixty-three graduates. Enrollment peaked in the 1970s with senior classes numbering near or over 100 students. 
The elementary building was destroyed by fire in 1959 and was replaced by a modern structure. The present high school building was built in 1958. The present campus has approximately fifty-two acres. It consists of an elementary building, a junior high building, a high school building, a cafeteria, band room, and a gym. The newest addition was completed in 2001 and is an Office/Library Media Center Complex and also houses two classrooms.
Sports.
Lauderdale County High School has earned 12 state championships, one in football (1974), one in track (1979), and ten in girls basketball: (1987, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1998, 2002, 2003, 2006, 2012, and 2013). The Lady Tigers basketball team holds the record for most girls state basketball championships in Alabama (10). Records for the University of North Alabama indicate that the school then known as Florence Normal College once played Lauderdale County High School in the early part of the century, and LCHS won over the college team. In the 1940s during World War II, many young men were fighting, so the school played six-man football.

</doc>
<doc id="20227261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227261" title="José de Ibarra">
José de Ibarra

José de Ibarra (1688–1756) was a Mexican painter. He was born in Guadalajara, Mexico and died 21 Nov 1756 in Mexico City. He was a student of painter Juan Correa. Many of his pieces are preserved in Mexican museums and the Metropolitan Cathedral in Mexico City. He was one of the most prolific painters of his day, producing mainly religious paintings for the cathedrals of Mexico. His career was marked with support of initiatives to protect the intellectual integrity of painting as an art form. He was influenced by contemporaries Cristóbal de Villalpando and Juan Rodríguez Juárez. His remains are interred at the Church of Santa Inés in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="20227287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227287" title="Gero Hütter">
Gero Hütter

Gero Hütter (born December 18, 1968) is a German hematologist. Huetter and his medical team transplanted bone marrow deficient in a key HIV receptor to a leukemia patient, Timothy Ray Brown, who was also infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Subsequently, the patient's circulating HIV dropped to undetectable levels. The case was widely reported in the media, and Hütter was named one of the "Berliners of the year" for 2008 by the "Berliner Morgenpost", a Berlin newspaper.
HIV treatment.
In 2009, Hütter, Eckhard Thiel and others from the Charité Hospital in Berlin, Germany, published a report on the case in the "New England Journal of Medicine". Their patient Timothy Ray Brown, a US citizen born in Seattle, Washington, and living in Berlin, had both acute myelogenous leukemia (AML) and HIV. The physicians found a bone marrow donor with a CCR5-Δ32 mutation in both genomic copies of a gene encoding a cell-surface chemokine receptor called CCR5. Because "almost all strains of HIV" use the CCR5 receptor to enter a host cell, the mutation confers resistance to HIV infection. The patient himself was heterozygous for CCR5-Δ32. Following the transplant procedure, the patient's CD4+ T-cells circulating in the blood were homozygous for CCR5-Δ32. The macrophages in his bowel, which continued to express wildtype CCR5 (because they hadn't been replaced yet from bone marrow precursors), also had no detectable virus. After 600 days without antiretroviral drug treatment, the patient's blood, bone marrow and bowel HIV levels were below the limit of detection; the virus was thought to be present in other tissues. However, the patient actually had a brain biopsy, in addition to biopsies of his intestines, liver, lymph nodes, bone marrow—basically, every part of the body that can be biopsied. All were negative for virus. There is no virus in this person's body out to two and a half years off of all anti-HIV drugs. His antibody levels—called titers—are declining just the way expected if the patient was vaccinated against HIV and then the levels of antibodies were examined. They'd be very strong in the beginning, but would weaken if they are not re-exposed to the virus. It is believed this patient has no HIV in his body and therefore there is nothing to re-expose him, so the concentration of HIV antibodies in his blood is decreasing. It is predicted that, in a couple of years, his HIV antibody test will be negative.
The mortality risk associated with bone marrow transplants is thought to contraindicate the use of this experimental treatment for HIV-positive individuals without leukemia or lymphoma. Some researchers such as Edward Berger believe that resistance to CCR5 inhibition may emerge if CXCR4 strains of HIV emerge (these use CXCR4 rather than CCR5 as a coreceptor, from which they become independent). Before the treatment though the patient had low levels of the CXCR4 virus but after the treatment this type of HIV could not be detected either which Hütter called "very surprising". People without CCR5 can be more sensitive to some infections such as West Nile virus.
Jay Levy, one of the first researchers to isolate and describe HIV in the early 1980s, wrote an editorial accompanying Huetter's publication in the "New England Journal of Medicine". Noting the reduction in detectable HIV in the patient's blood and the return of the patient's circulating CD4+ T-cell population to normal levels, with all of the cells expressing the resistant variant of CCR5, Levy cautions that calling this treatment a cure would be premature. This is because HIV is known to hide in latent form in a variety of organs not easily sampled, including the heart and brain. The high risks of a bone marrow transplant also make this treatment risky since many bone marrow patients die. And the CXCR4 virus that was detectable in the blood of the patient before the treatment "could eventually emerge". Levy does believe though that this case "could pave the way for innovative approaches that provide long-lasting viral control with limited toxicities for persons with HIV infection".
As of June 4, 2010, Dr. Huetter's patient was in very good health and had been HIV- and cancer-free (combined) for two years. In the March 10, 2011, issue of the medical journal "Blood", Huetter wrote, "it is reasonable to conclude that cure of HIV infection has been achieved in this patient." Dr. Huetter concurred with this assessment.
Dr. Huetter received an award on June 3, 2010, from the AIDS Policy Project, a national advocacy group focused on an AIDS cure, and San Francisco Supervisor Ross Mirkarimi on behalf of the people of San Francisco.
The text read:
"Dr. Gero Hütter: In recognition of your historic achievement of being the first doctor to functionally cure AIDS/HIV through an innovative procedure that entails a remarkable example of the use of stem cell transplants. We join you with hope that your achievement will globally inspire researchers to explore new techniques and technologies for an AIDS cure. On behalf of the people of San Francisco, the AIDS Policy Project, and all those engaged in the combat against the HIV disease, the City and County of San Francisco extends its highest commendation!" —Supervisor Ross Mirkarimi, Member, San Francisco Board of Supervisors, June 3, 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20227313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227313" title="RSI Rete Uno">
RSI Rete Uno

RSI Rete Uno () is the principal radio channel of the Swiss public-service broadcasting organization RSI.
Broadcasting in Italian, it is receivable throughout Switzerland (as well as southern Germany) via FM, DAB, cable, and satellite. Until 31 June 2008 (when SRG SSR ceased broadcating on the 558 kHz medium-wave frequency) it had also been audible in large areas of northern and central Italy. 
The station identifies itself on-air as "Radio Svizzera - Rete Uno". On FM Bands, it identifies itself as "RETE UNO" The director of RSI Rete Uno is Edy Salmina.
External links.
Official website

</doc>
<doc id="20227321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227321" title="Nick Lalich">
Nick Lalich

Nickola "Nick" Lalich (born 1945) is an Australian politician. He has been an Australian Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly since October 2008, representing the electorate of Cabramatta. He also served as mayor of Fairfield from 2004 until March 2012.
Early life and career.
Lalich was born in Egypt to refugee parents who had fled the war in Yugoslavia. His family migrated to Australia when he was three, and spent time in resettlement camps at Uranquinty and Bonegilla. They eventually settled in the Bonnyrigg area, where Lalich's father worked for the Department of the Postmaster-General and ran a farm.
Lalich remained in the Bonnyrigg area, where he worked as an electrician for Prospect Electricity before his election to the City of Fairfield council as a Labor candidate in 1987.
Election to parliament.
In September 2008, Reba Meagher, the embattled state Health Minister, resigned from politics after it became clear that she would likely be dumped from Cabinet in a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle. This resulted in a by-election for her seat, and Lalich, who had lost a preselection vote to her in 1994, was immediately touted as her replacement, duly winning preselection. He faced a strong challenge in the usually safe seat due to an unpopular government and a strong Liberal candidate in Australian Broadcasting Corporation journalist Dai Le, but withstood a 20% swing against Labor to hold the seat for the party. Lalich was sworn in as a member of the Legislative Assembly on 18 October, and appointed to the Public Bodies Review Committee on 30 October. He has also vowed to continue as Fairfield mayor in addition to his parliamentary responsibilities.
March 2011 Election.
Lalich was able to retain the seat of Cabramatta for the ALP at the March 2011 Election despite using racist signs accusing Dai Le as a One Nation supporter. Both sides campaigned heavily in the local area, with the Liberal Party taking an unprecedented interest in Cabramatta.

</doc>
<doc id="20227339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227339" title="Red River, Cornwall">
Red River, Cornwall

The Red River () is a small river in north-west Cornwall, UK which issues into St Ives Bay at Godrevy on Cornwall's Atlantic coast. The Red River is approx 8 miles (13 kilometres) long and gets its name from the mineral deposits associated with tin mining which formerly coloured its water red. The river's gradient is relatively steep; it falls 170 metres from source to sea.
The Red River rises from springs near Bolenowe on the Carnmenellis granite batholith, an upland plateau. The river flows north, passing through a gorge in the granite ridge west of Carn Brea. Beyond the gorge, the river passes Tuckingmill, once a centre of mining and associated industries. At the hamlet of Combe, the Tehidy Stream joins the Red River which then turns west towards Godrevy. 
The Red River's catchment area includes the major mining areas of Tuckingmill, Pool, and Camborne. Thus:
Since mining finished, the Red River has lost its distinctive colour and natural ecology and biodiversity are being re-established. The river gives its name to the Red River Inn public house (formerly The Pendarves Arms) in nearby Gwithian.

</doc>
<doc id="20227365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227365" title="Taltal">
Taltal

Taltal is a Chilean commune and city in Antofagasta Province, Antofagasta Region. According to the 2002 census, the commune has a population of 11,000 and has an area of .
The commune is home to Paranal Observatory and includes the northern portion of Pan de Azúcar National Park.
Etymology.
The etymological origin of the name is the Mapudungun word "Thalthal", which means “night bird.”
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Taltal had 11,000 inhabitants (6,182 men and 4,918 women). Of these, 9,564 (86%) lived in urban areas and 1,536 (14%) in rural areas. The population grew by 2.3% (11,148 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Taltal is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Guillermo Hidalgo Ocampo.
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Taltal is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Mr. Pedro Araya (PRI) and Mr. Manuel Rojas (UDI) as part of the 4th electoral district, (together with Antofagasta, Mejillones and Sierra Gorda). The commune is represented in the Senate by Carlos Cantero Ojeda (Ind.) and José Antonio Gómez Urrutia (PRSD) as part of the 2nd senatorial constituency (Antofagasta Region).
Architectural heritage.
The city of Taltal contains many houses that are registered in the Inventory of Cultural Heritage Properties in Chile. Highlights include the Alhambra Theatre (1921), the Augusto Capdeville Museum (1885), the railroad houses (1886), the Plaza Hotel (1898), houses in the downtown area, the (which was completely devastated by a fire in January 2007 but is now rebuilt) and the Protestant church (1896).
Taltal wind farm.
The company Enel Green Power has begun the construction of the new Taltal Wind Farm, which will be located in the commune of Taltal, Chile, approximately 1,500 kilometers north of Santiago, the Chilean capital.
The project will require a total investment of $190 million US dollars and will produce a total of 99 megawatts (MW). It will have 33 windmills, making it the biggest wind farm in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="20227379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227379" title="Vector Product Format">
Vector Product Format

Vector Product Format (VPF) is a military standard for vector-based digital map products produced by the U.S. Department of Defense (DOD). It has been adopted as part of the Digital Geographic Exchange Standard (DIGEST) in the form of Vector Relational Format (VRF), so VPF can be considered to be an international standard as well.

</doc>
