<doc id="20289070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289070" title="Boxmeer railway station">
Boxmeer railway station

Boxmeer is a railway station located in Boxmeer, Netherlands. The station was opened on 1 June 1883 and is located on the Nijmegen–Venlo railway. The station is currently operated by Veolia.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Boxmeer:

</doc>
<doc id="20289079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289079" title="Luk Keng Village">
Luk Keng Village

Luk Keng Village or Luk Keng Tsuen () is a village located at the peninsula of Yam O, Lantau Island, New Territories, Hong Kong, which links to Cheung Sok, a nearby uninhabited island, by a sandbank. There is a small pier with kai-to transportation service to Tsing Lung Tau, Tsuen Wan. Although its nearby areas such as Sunny Bay Station have been developed, Luk Keng Village is still preserved as an undeveloped rural heritage area.
In December 2007, some archaeologists found some Tang dynasty kilns in Luk Keng Village, but some of them were destroyed by the construction of barbecue area in there by the Hong Kong SAR Government.

</doc>
<doc id="20289099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289099" title="Debashish Roy">
Debashish Roy

Raja Barrister Debashish Roy (born 9 April 1959) is the current titular King of the Chakma Circle, Bangladesh's largest indigenous community. His son, Tribhuvan Roy was made the Crown Prince in 2003.
Debashish Roy became King after his father Tridev Roy went into exile following the independence of Bangladesh from Pakistan in 1971. In the 1970 general election Raja Tridev Roy had been elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as one of the only two non Awami League candidates from East Pakistan. The former king who opposed the independence of Bangladesh fled Rangamati and escaped to Pakistan at the fag end of the Bangladesh Liberation War. However most of the royal family, including the Queen and Crown Prince, were still left at the Rangamati Palace. After the emergence of Bangladesh, Crown Prince Debashish Roy was proclaimed King due to the absence of his father.
Debashish Roy is a lawyer by profession and recently served as a Special Assistant to the Chief Advisor of Bangladesh (Head of the Interim Government) with rank and status of a State Minister during the 2006–2008 Bangladeshi political crisis. He was in charge of the Ministry of Chittagong Hill Tracts Affairs and the Ministry of Forest and Environment.

</doc>
<doc id="20289163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289163" title="Bukovščica">
Bukovščica

Bukovščica (; previously "Klemen" or "Sveti Klemen", ) is a village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Clement. Its rectangular nave indicates Romanesque origins, but the church was rebuilt several times. There is a fresco of Saint Christopher on the south wall of the sanctuary. Some of the frescoes were painted by Jernej of Loka. The main altar dates to 1851 and the Stations of the Cross are by Leopold Layer.

</doc>
<doc id="20289168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289168" title="PCI hole">
PCI hole

The PCI hole or PCI memory hole is a limitation of 32-bit hardware and 32-bit operating systems that causes a computer to appear to have less memory available than is physically installed. This memory addressing limitation and the later workarounds necessary to overcome it are functionally similar to the memory limits of the early 8088 IBM PC memory architecture (see Conventional memory).
Similar situations have often arisen in the history of computing, when hardware intended to have up to a certain level of resources is designed to handle several times the maximum expected amount, which eventually becomes a severe restriction as Moore's law increases resources economically available. The original IBM PC was typically supplied with 64 KB of memory or less; it was designed to take a maximum of 640 KB, far more than it was thought would ever be needed. In fact, Bill Gates is famously (but erroneously) thought to have pointed out that "640 KB ought to be enough for anyone." This rapidly became a restriction that had to be handled by complex DOS memory management. Similar successive restrictions in size have been imposed and overcome on hard drives.
Unavailable memory.
The loss of usable memory caused by the PCI hole is because installed hardware devices need address space in order to communicate with the processor and the system software. 32-bit hardware only has 4 gigabytes of total addressable memory so for devices to have room to communicate, some of the real physical memory of a machine with enough memory installed to encroach into the device address space (this depends upon the machine, but is usually anything above 2.5 to 3.5 GB) is hidden to provide space for the installed devices. (With 16 bits, 2 to the power of 16 = 65,536 different locations can be addressed; with 32 bits, 4,294,967,296; and with 64 bits 18,446,744,073,709,551,616.)
The amount of system memory that is hidden and unavailable varies widely with the mainboard and chipset used, the BIOS, the amount of physical memory, the amount of Video RAM installed on graphics cards, and the number and type of PCI cards installed in the system. More than a gigabyte of 32-bit system memory can be unavailable when 4 gigabytes of physical memory and multiple 3D cards with large amounts of video memory are installed; on some mainboards, the hole is always at least 1 gigabyte in size, no matter what cards are installed.
Physical address extension.
A workaround first developed in the Pentium Pro, known as Physical Address Extension, allows certain 32-bit operating systems to access up to 36-bit memory addresses, even though individual programs are still limited to operating within 32 bits of address space. Each program can have its own 4 gigabyte addressing space, together utilizing up to 64 gigabytes of memory across all programs.
PAE was fully supported in Windows XP up to the Service Pack 1 (SP1) release, but then withdrawn for SP2; the only 32-bit versions of Microsoft Windows to fully support this are certain high-end server versions of Windows Server 2003 and earlier; it remained in use by some 32-bit Linux distributions. Microsoft disabled the support in Windows XP SP2 and later operating systems because there were many compatibility problems with graphics card and other devices, which needed PAE-aware drivers, distinct from both standard 32-bit and later 64-bit drivers. Many versions of MS Windows can activate what is still called Physical Address Extensions for the purpose of using the NX bit, but this no longer extends the address space.
Filling the memory hole.
In a 64-bit system memory below and above the "memory hole" is available, but 500 to 1,500 MB of RAM is unavailable because it uses memory addresses required for devices. With the decreasing cost of memory this may not be a serious issue, but there are ways to regain access to the missing memory.
Mapping devices to addresses above 4 GB.
The limitations of the 32-bit PCI hole can affect purely 64-bit operating systems as the system BIOS must cater for all operating systems which are supported by the hardware (16-, 32-, and 64-bit operating systems all run on the same hardware). The BIOS must be able to boot mapping all devices below 4 gigabytes, although a 64-bit system does not require this. Many BIOSes can be configured by the user to fill the memory hole by mapping devices high up in the 64-bit address space, so long as the devices, their drivers, and the chipset all support this. A machine configured this way cannot boot into a 16- or 32-bit operating system; if a machine is set up this way, the BIOS setup must be temporarily changed to boot into a 16- or 32-bit operating system, e.g. from a bootable CD or USB storage device.
Mapping memory to addresses above 4 GB.
Another way to remove the PCI hole, which is only useful for 64-bit operating systems and obsolescent 32-bit systems that support the Physical Address Extension method described above, is to "remap" some or all of the memory between the 2 gigabytes and 4 gigabytes limits to addresses above 4 gigabytes. This needs to be supported by the chipset of the computer and can usually be activated in the BIOS Setup. This remapping works on the level of physical addresses, unlike the higher-level remapping of virtual to physical addresses that happens inside the CPU core. Activating this for traditional 32-bit operating systems does more harm than good, as the remapped memory (often larger than the PCI hole itself) is unusable to such operating systems, even though e.g. Windows Vista will show such memory to physically exist on the "System Properties" page.

</doc>
<doc id="20289193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289193" title="Tom Bakk">
Tom Bakk

Thomas M. "Tom" Bakk (born June 8, 1954) is a Minnesota politician and the Majority Leader of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL), he represents District 3, which includes portions of Cook, Koochiching, Lake and St. Louis counties in the northeastern part of Minnesota. He is a retired labor official.
Education.
Bakk completed his secondary education at Cook High School in Cook, Minnesota, and went on to receive an A.A. from Mesabi Community College and a B.A. from the University of Minnesota Duluth.
Minnesota House of Representatives.
Bakk represented District 6A in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1995 to 2003.
Minnesota Senate.
Bakk was first elected to the Minnesota Senate in 2002, and was re-elected in 2006, 2010 and 2012. He is the chair of the Senate's Rules and Administration Committee and also serves on the Taxes Committee, which he chaired from 2007 to 2010. He previously served on the Rules and Administration subcommittees for Committees and Conference Committees.
After the 2010 election, Bakk was elected by his caucus to serve as the minority leader during the 2011–2012 session. He was the first DFLer to serve as minority leader since party identification returned to the Minnesota Legislature in 1973. After the DFL regained a majority in the 2012 election, Bakk was elected by his caucus to serve as majority leader, a position he assumed when the Legislature convened on January 8, 2013.
2010 Minnesota gubernatorial campaign.
Bakk campaigned in the 2010 Minnesota gubernatorial election. He led in early fundraising among the DFL candidates, raising $146,000 in 2008. He began 2009 with a little more than $131,000. He ended his campaign in March 2010.
Personal life.
Bakk and his wife, Laura, have four children.

</doc>
<doc id="20289195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289195" title="The Origin of Capitalism">
The Origin of Capitalism

The Origin of Capitalism is a 1999 book on history and political economy by scholar Ellen Meiksins Wood. It was reviewed as an "Outstanding Academic Book" by Michael Perelman.
Content.
One of the major points discussed by Wood is a critique of the position of the Commercialization School. The Commercialization School argues that capitalism is an "inevitable product of human nature and technology", that arises when people start engaging in profit-seeking activities. Wood instead "focuses on conditions that allowed the market to compel people to follow its dictates or perish." Wood claims that "capitalists can appropriate workers' surplus labor without coercion" by the following means:
Wood notes that both producers and appropriators use the market to set rates of compensation both for wages and for appropriation.
The distinctive Marxist approach originates from Karl Marx's critique of political economy in his works "Das Kapital" and "Grundrisse".
In the capitalist form of society, human labor power is for sale in the market as one of many commodities. Goods and services, including those regarding the most basic necessities of life, are produced for profitable exchange. All the actors in a such system are driven by competition and profit-maximization.
Editions.
The book was originally published in 1999 by Monthly Review Press, and then a revised edition was published in 2002 by Verso, with the subtitle "A Longer View".

</doc>
<doc id="20289211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289211" title="A-372,159">
A-372,159

A-372,159 is a drug which acts as a potent and selective partial agonist for the 5HT2C receptor, with more than 100x selectivity over the closely related 5-HT2B receptor and a Ki of 3nM. It has been found to produce anorectic effects in animal studies and produced significant weight loss in rats with no development of tolerance or serious side effects.

</doc>
<doc id="20289234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289234" title="Rivadeneyra Shoal">
Rivadeneyra Shoal

Rivadeneyra Shoal is a shoal or seamount in the Eastern Pacific Ocean between Malpelo Island and Cocos Island. It was reported in October 1842 at the position with a depth of 10 feet. It was unsuccessfully searched for by the British war vessels "Cockatrice" and "Havana" in 1854 and 1857 respectively, and by the USS "Mohican" in 1885.

</doc>
<doc id="20289256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289256" title="Eguchi (play)">
Eguchi (play)

Eguchi (江口) is a Noh play of the third category, written by Zeami around a fragment (the harlot's sermon) by Kanami. The play combines two legends, one related of the holy man Shōkū (concerning the identity of the harlot of Mura with the bodhisattva Fugen) and the other related of the monk Saigyō (the admonishment of the harlot of Eguchi).
Plot summary.
A travelling monk arrives by night at the port of Eguchi. Seeing a cairn, he enquires about its origin and is told that it commemorates the Lady of Eguchi, a former harlot who was considered to be a manifestation of the bodhisattva Fugen. (During a rainstorm, the 12th-century monk Saigyō asked for shelter at her house, but was refused entry. He reproached her with an impromptu poem, to which she made an effective reply, hinging on a Buddhist interpretation of the words "a moment's refuge"; she then admitted him and engaged in a long conversation.)
The travelling monk thoughtfully recites Saigyō's poem to himself, and is overheard by a passing woman, who asks him to follow it with the harlot's reply. She tells the monk not to believe the gossip about her; when she vanishes they realise that she is, in fact, the ghost of the harlot of Eguchi.
A villager then tells them the story of Shōkū, who longed to worship the living Fugen, and was directed in a dream to seek the Lady of Eguchi.
Fascinated, the monk begins to repeat a sutra by her grave. A boat, brightly moonlit, appears, bearing the Lady along with two singing girls. They sing of the unhappiness of mortals ensnared in illusion and condemned to be reborn. In conclusion, they remind the monk that "all things are a moment's refuge"; the Lady reveals her identity as Fugen, and ascends into the clouds.

</doc>
<doc id="20289261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289261" title="George Beswick Hynson">
George Beswick Hynson

George Beswick Hynson, Sr. (April 2, 1862 - before 1938) was lawyer, writer, poet, and newspaper editor at the Peninsula News and Advertiser. He was the Progressive Party candidate for the Governor of Delaware in 1912.
Biography.
He was born on April 2, 1862 to Garrett Lee Hynson and Ellen Postles. He taught elocution at the University of Pennsylvania in 1897. He was the author of the state song, "Our Delaware". He was buried in the Odd Fellows Cemetery in Delaware.

</doc>
<doc id="20289264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289264" title="GE True">
GE True

GE True (also known as General Electric True) is a 33-episode American anthology series sponsored by General Electric. Telecast on CBS, the series presented stories previously published in "True" magazine. Articles from the magazine were adapted to television by Gene Roddenberry and other screenwriters. 
Jack Webb produced and hosted the thirty-three episodes during his stint as head of Warner Brothers Television through his Mark VII Limited Company. The series aired from September 30, 1962 until May 26, 1963, with repeats through September 1963. 
Program overview.
The show had a unique opening: A huge "True" sign, apparently five stories tall, darkened, was seen in deep shadows. Jack Webb announced, "This is True!" Strong symphonic music included timpani rhythms, followed by the majestic opening theme. The True sign became brightly lit as Webb walked alongside the illuminated sign in an off-stage direction. A classic quotation from such figures as Daniel Webster then appeared.
In an overview of the 1962 television season, "Time" noted:
"GE True" aired at 9:30 p.m. Sundays, following the last season of the former ABC sitcom, "The Real McCoys", starring Walter Brennan and Richard Crenna, renamed on the CBS schedule as "The McCoys". "GE True" aired a half-hour later than a predecessor series, "General Electric Theater", hosted by Ronald W. Reagan, which at had aired at 9 p.m. from 1953 to 1962.
Several episodes were directed by William Conrad, later the star of the CBS crime drama, "Cannon". Like its preceding program, "The McCoys", "GE True" faced opposition from the highly-rated NBC western series, "Bonanza".
Reruns of the series were subsequently syndicated under the title True.
Selected episodes.
In "Open Season" (January 6, 1963), James Best portrays the courageous Wisconsin game warden Ernie Swift who faces the reprisal of the mob after he tickets gangster Frank MacErlane (David McLean) for illegal fishing.
In "Defendant: Clarence Darrow" (January 13, 1963), Clarence Darrow (Tol Avery), the Chicago lawyer who later clashed with William Jennings Bryan in regard to the theory of evolution, is accused in 1912 of having attempted to bribe a juror. Darrow argues passionately over legal procedures with his own lawyer, Earl Rogers (Robert Vaughn).
In the episode "Firebug" (January 27, 1963), Victor Buono plays Charles Colvin, a barber in Los Angeles, California, who is by night a pyromaniac. The United States Forest Service believes that one arsonist is causing a series of fires. The episode also stars Keith Andes and Arch Johnson.
In "The Moonshiners" (February 24, 1963), Walter Kopek (Gene Evans), an agent of the United States Treasury Department assumes an undercover role to halt a bootlegging operation in Florida, run by the mobster Bill Munger (Robert Emhardt). James Griffith is cast in this episode as Stan Woolman. 
In the three-part episode "Security Risk", George Ellsworth, played by Charles Aidman, an official with the United States Embassy in Warsaw, Poland, is in 1960 blackmailed through a romantic affair with a young woman named Erica (Erika Peters) into passing secret information to the communists at the height of the Cold War. He confessed his guilt despite the protection of diplomatic immunity. Karl Swenson and Parley Baer also appear in this episode. 
In "A Pattern for Espionage", United States Army Colonel Harvey Madison (Rex Reason), is approached by a former Russian comrade-in-arms to spy for the communists. Instead, he covertly cooperates with the Federal Bureau of Investigation to uncover a spy ring operated by the former Soviet Union. Anthony Eisley and Gregory Walcott also appear in this episode.
In "The Tenth Mona Lisa" (1963), Italian farmer Vincenzo Perugia (Vito Scotti) in 1911 steals the "Mona Lisa" from the Louvre Museum in Paris but is apprehended by a French detective when he attempts to unload the painting on an art dealer.
In the two-part 1963 episode "Heydrich", two Czech sergeants assassinate the Nazi hangman Reinhard Heydrich; Chancellor of the Third Reich Adolf Hitler takes revenge on an entire village in his search for the sergeants.
In "Five Tickets to Hell", the series finale, John Quigley (Bing Russell), a Chicago mobster travels to Chihuahua, Mexico, where he robs the mint of $500,000 and kills seven men in the commission of the crime. Police Lieutenant Juan Garcia (Carlos Romero) tracks down Quigley and his three accomplices. Barbara Luna appears in this episode as Cotita.
Guest stars.
In addition to the aforementioned, others who guest starred on "GE True" included:

</doc>
<doc id="20289289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289289" title="Kenworth W900">
Kenworth W900

The W900 is a Kenworth Class 8 truck model, known for its long-nose style.
The engine sizes for the W900 range from 9 liters to 16 liters, and it accommodates up to a 625-horsepower engine. The W900 has front axles from 12,000 to 22,000 lb ratings, and rear axles from 23,000-lb single to 58,000-lb tandems.
T600.
A much more aerodynamic truck based on the W900 was made by Kenworth: the T600. Introduced in 1986, this model had up to 22% better fuel economy over the W900. The T600 was not intended as a direct successor to the W900, and as such, KW sold the two models alongside each other. The T600 was sold from 1986 until its replacement in 2008 by the Kenworth T660.
Pop Culture.
The W900 appeared in the movie Smokey and the Bandit, driven by country singer Jerry Reed.
In M.A.S.K. a W900 and K100 named Rhino and Bulldog are vehicles in the show.

</doc>
<doc id="20289325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289325" title="List of Mario sports games">
List of Mario sports games

There have been numerous sports games in the "Mario" franchise.
Golf games.
Mario Golf is a sports video game series that is developed by Camelot Software Planning and published by Nintendo. This series introduced golf to the Mushroom Kingdom. It began on the Nintendo 64, with a second version for the Game Boy Color. Since then, there have also been releases of one game on both the GameCube and the Game Boy Advance. In addition, both "NES Open Tournament Golf" and "Mario Golf" for the Nintendo 64 have been re-released for the Virtual Console. The fifth installment will be released on the Nintendo 3DS in 2014.
The N64 and Game Boy Color versions can communicate each other via Transfer Pak connectivity, and the GameCube and GBA versions can do the same via the Nintendo GameCube-Game Boy Advance cable. Players can upload characters and data into the other game.
Tennis games.
Mario Tennis is a sports video game series that began in 1995 with "Mario's Tennis" for the Virtual Boy. In the vein of other Mario sport games, it features Mario and his all-star cast competing in a game of tennis. Since its second generation on the Nintendo 64, each successive generation features a console and a handheld version. All of these games are developed by Camelot Software Planning.
Soccer/Football titles.
The Mario Strikers franchise (Mario Football in PAL regions) is a video game franchise that introduced soccer to the Mushroom Kingdom. The series is developed by Next Level Games and it began in 2005 for the Nintendo GameCube with "Super Mario Strikers".
Baseball titles.
The Mario Baseball series is a collection of video games based on baseball that takes place in the Mushroom Kingdom. The series is developed by Namco Bandai Games and it began with "Mario Superstar Baseball" for the GameCube in 2005.
"Mario & Sonic" titles.
The Mario and Sonic series is a collection of games that takes place during the Olympic Games in the Summer and Winter. It debuted in 2007 for the Wii with the Beijing 2008 edition called "Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games". The Japanese version is published by Nintendo, while Sega published the American and European versions. Nintendo also published the American and European versions of the fourth game.

</doc>
<doc id="20289373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289373" title="Cleopatra of Jerusalem">
Cleopatra of Jerusalem

Cleopatra of Jerusalem was a woman who lived in the 1st century BC during the Roman Empire. She is remembered as one of the wives of King of Judea Herod the Great.
There is a possibility that Cleopatra could have been a daughter of a local noble from Jerusalem. She was born and raised in the city and could have been of Jewish or Edomite-Phoenician origins . Cleopatra was called "Cleopatra of Jerusalem", to distinguish her from the Ptolemaic Greek Queen Cleopatra VII of Egypt.
However, it is also possible that Cleopatra of Jerusalem really was Queen Cleopatra VII of Egypt. Josephus mentions "Cleopatra of Jeruslaem" twice: once in Antiquities 17.1.3 and once in War 1.28.4. According to Josephus, Cleopatra VII and King Herod became intimate, and that Cleopatra "upon the whole, seemed overcome with love for him (King Herod),"(Antiquities 15.4.2). Herod is said to have had a son named Philip with Cleopatra of Jerusalem while it is believed that Cleopatra had a third child with Marc Anthony also named Philip. It is during Marc Anthony's absence that Cleopatra, according to Josephus, spent a great deal of time with King Herod.
Cleopatra of Jerusalem was not related to the Hasmonaean Dynasty . She had married King Herod the Great in 25 BC . Herod most probably married her as a part of a political alliance.
Cleopatra bore Herod two sons who were:
Cleopatra’s children by Herod were raised and educated in Rome. After the death of her husband in 4 BC, her second son inherited some of his father’s dominion and ruled as a Roman client king until his death in 34. Cleopatra became the mother-in-law of Philip’s wife and niece Salome. Philip and Salome had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="20289400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289400" title="April Ross">
April Ross

April Elizabeth Ross (born June 20, 1982) is an American professional beach volleyball player.
Early life.
Ross was born in Costa Mesa, California on June 20, 1982 to Glen and Margie Ross. She has a sister, Amy.
Ross grew up in Newport Beach, California where she attended Newport Harbor High School. At NHHS, in addition to lettering in track, she was a star indoor volleyball player, eventually becoming the nation's top recruit for her graduating class. She won the Gatorade National Player of the Year award as a senior and was the California Interscholastic Federation (CIF) Player of the Year in 1998 and 1999. In her senior season, she notched 624 kills and 526 digs. She played club volleyball for Orange County Volleyball Club for five years. She also played on the U.S. Junior National Team. She is 6ft1in tall.
College.
Ross attended the University of Southern California in Los Angeles, California, where in her freshman season she was the Pac-10 Freshman of the Year as well as the National Freshman of the Year. In her freshman season in 2000, she received Pac-10 First Team honors as well as AVCA Second Team All-America honors. She helped USC to the NCAA Final Four.
As a sophomore in 2001, she was a second team All American and finished the season ranked fourth in Pac-10 in kills (3.98 kpg), sixth in points (4.52 ppg) and seventh in digs (3.04 dpg) and helped USC to the NCAA Regional Finals, when she suffered a sprained ankle during game two and was forced to leave the match.
In her final two seasons, she helped USC to back-to-back NCAA Titles. In 2002, she was named a First Team All-American and had 15 kills and 14 digs in the NCAA Championship win over Stanford, avenging their only loss of the season to the Cardinal. In 2003, she repeated as a First Team All-American, and helped USC to an undefeated season after defeating Florida in the NCAA championship match. Ross had 14 kills and 19 digs in the winning effort.
She finished her career among USC's all-time career record-holders, ranking in the top 6 in eight statistical categories, including first in points (1,430) and points per game, second in service aces (161) and service aces per game (0.38), fourth in attacks (3,859), fifth in kills (1576), kills per game (3.73) and digs (1,296) and sixth in digs per game (3.06).
Professional career.
In 2008, with her beach partner Jennifer Kessy during the Swatch FIVB World Tour 2008, they finished in third place at the ConocoPhillips Grand Slam Stavanger, second place at the Dubai Open and first place at the Phuket Thailand Open, where she was named the Most Outstanding Player. On September 5, 2008, Ross and Boss upset the World No. 1 duo of Misty May-Treanor and Kerri Walsh at an AVP tournament in Santa Barbara, California. On July 4, 2009, Boss and Ross won the FIVB World Championships in Stavanger, Norway defeating Brazilians Juliana and Larissa.
As of April 2012, Ross has eight AVP and nine FIVB 1st place finishes overall, as well as over $937,813 in total prize money.
In the 2012 London Olympics, Ross and Kessy won the silver medal when they lost to their country's Misty May-Treanor and Kerri Walsh Jennings in the final by 16-21, 16-21. On June 26, 2013, April Ross is now teaming up with Kerri Walsh Jennings for the 2016 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20289420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289420" title="Luk Keng">
Luk Keng

Luk Keng may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20289452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289452" title="Hoon Hay">
Hoon Hay

Hoon Hay is an outer suburb of Christchurch, New Zealand. It lies to the southwest of the city close to the Port Hills. It is named after a village in Derbyshire.
Hillmorton and Spreydon lie to the north. Somerfield is to the east and Cashmere to the southeast. The hill suburb of Westmorland was developed to the south during the 1980s. To the west lies farmland then Halswell.
Hoon Hay valley is a rural valley approximately 2 km southwest of the suburb. Cashmere Stream, a tributary of the Heathcote River, flows down the valley.

</doc>
<doc id="20289468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289468" title="Chikubushima">
Chikubushima

Chikubushima is an anonymous Noh play of the first category, celebrating the sacred volcanic island of that name in Lake Biwa.
Plot.
During the reign of Emperor Daigo, a courtier goes to the island in the center of Lake Biwa: Chikubu Island. When he arrives at the lake shore, an old fisherman and a young woman are just setting out in a fishing boat, he calls out to them and asks if he can go with them. After the boat arrives at Chikubu Island the old man gives the courtier directions to the shrine. As the young woman is going the same way, the courtier asks if there is a prohibition against women like many other shrines. The old man and young woman reply that, as Benzaiten (Sarasvati) is a woman herself, she does not discriminate. They tell the tale of the formation of Chikubu Island's Shrine and it becomes apparent that these two are not human, the old man dives into the ocean and the young woman disappears behind a door into the shrine. After a short while, Benzaiten appears and dances. Before long, the Dragon King of the Sea also appears and dances. Afterwards, Benzaiten returns to her shrine and the Dragon King returns to the waters.

</doc>
<doc id="20289490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289490" title="South African Technology Network">
South African Technology Network

The South African Technology Network is a coalition between five of the South African Universities of Technology. Also known as SATN, the network was founded in 2005 and launched at their 2008 national conference. Established with the main goal of providing for a network to ensure the continuation of the process of cooperation, collaboration, support and joint activities such as joint curriculum development, applied research, quality assurance, cooperative education etc. within the Universities of Technology (UoTs) in the Republic of South Africa.
SATN Trust.
The SATN Trust was registered in August 2008 as an initiative of the vice-chancellors of the South African Universities of Technology (UoTs). It was established in order to present the views of UoTs at a national and international level, and to develop national education and training policies in accordance of the nature and character of UoTs. As well as promoting relevant research, academic excellence and employability of students. The trust will also promote co-operation between UoTs and commerce and industry.
The trustees of the SATN include the vice-chancellors of the five Universities of Technology, one member from the Department of Education, the CEO of Higher Education South Africa, and the CEO of the Tshumisano Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="20289501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289501" title="Crngrob">
Crngrob

Crngrob (; ) is a small village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Crngrob was first attested in written sources as "Erngrůb" in 1291 (and as "Errengrůb" in 1318 and "Erngruben" in 1423). The Slovene name is borrowed from the Middle High German prepositional phrase "ze Erngruben", literally 'at Erngrub'. The German name is a compound of "ern" 'to plow (up)' or "erde" '(fertile) soil' + "gruobe" 'depression, basin' and may refer to a mammoth rib dug up at the site (now hanging in the church), to a robber's hideout in a cave, or to the small fertile valley where the settlement is located. For similar Slovene geographical names based on foreign-language prepositional phrases of location, compare "Cmurek", "Cven", "Dragonja", and "Sostro". In the 19th century the German name was "Ehrengruben".
History.
Crngrob was recorded in documents from the 13th century onward. Much of the history of the village is dominated by that of its church. During the Second World War, German forces attached the Partisan Selca Company above the village on 27 March 1942. Fifteen Partisans were killed in the attack.
Mass graves.
Crngrob is the site of five known mass graves from the end of the Second World War. The Crngrob 1–5 mass graves ()—also known as the Steps Mass Grave () or the Balant Spruce Woods Mass Grave ()—are located along a gravel path in the woods southwest of the settlement. They contain the remains of 200 to 300 victims, including leading members of the government of the Independent State of Croatia and their family members, and possibly Slovene Home Guard members as well.
Church and religious heritage.
Crngrob is best known for its pilgrimage church dedicated to the Annunciation. The first mention of a church at this site dates to the late 13th century. In the 14th century it was expanded, and after 1410 a southern arcade was built. In the mid-15th century a third aisle was added and in 1551 the belfry was heightened and in 1661 its onion-shaped dome was built. Its characteristic neogothic columned porch was erected in 1858.
The church's artwork includes a painting of Holy Sunday from the workshop of Janez of Ljubljana (ca. 1460), a Gothic painting of Saint Christopher on the south wall from 1464, a painting of Saint Christopher on the bell tower, and remnants of frescoes from the 14th and 15th centuries on the north wall of the nave. There are four 17th-century gilded altars where the nave meets the chancel; above the altar dedicated to Saint Martin there hangs a whale rib, referred to as the rib of a giantess in popular tradition. The main altar was created in 1652 by the Ljubljana sculptor Jurij Skarnos and was gilded by Jakob Jamšek of Škofja Loka. The forged railing in front of the main altar was created by the Škofja Loka locksmith Gregor Jesenko. The organ dates to 1649.
The church was a popular pilgrimage destination in the past, and so there are many wayside shrines along the routes leading to the church. The Red Shrine stands along the road to Škofja Loka. It has frescoes from the 16th century and is one of the oldest shrines in Slovenia. The Oman Chapel-Shrine near the woods contains an 18th-century carving by a peasant artist, and below the church there is another chapel-shrine from the 18th century that was painted by Anton Tušek.

</doc>
<doc id="20289532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289532" title="Cognate (disambiguation)">
Cognate (disambiguation)

Cognate (from Latin "cognatus" "blood relation, having a common ancestor") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20289551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289551" title="YM-348">
YM-348

YM-348 is an indazole derivative drug which acts as a potent and selective 5-HT2C receptor agonist, with an EC50 of 1nM and 15x selectivity over 5-HT2A, although it only has moderate selectivity of 3x over the closely related 5-HT2B receptor. It has thermogenic and anorectic effects in animal studies, making it potentially useful for the treatment of obesity.

</doc>
<doc id="20289600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289600" title="Jerry Ziesmer">
Jerry Ziesmer

Jerry Ziesmer (born May 31, 1939) is a career assistant director for major Hollywood films, best recognized for the line "terminate with extreme prejudice" in his acting role as 'Jerry', a CIA operative in the 1979 film "Apocalypse Now".
Early life.
Jerry Ziesmer was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, to a postal employee and his wife, who was the daughter of Dutch immigrants. He graduated on a scholarship from Milwaukee's Rufus King High School in 1957. He received a bachelors degree in acting from Northwestern University in 1961. After graduation he moved to Beverly Hills and took a job as a United States Post Office employee and later, a part time junior high school teacher. In 1964 he married Mary Kate Denny, with whom he had three children. He later obtained a masters degree from UCLA. He received a Directors Guild training certificate for assistant directors in 1969, applying to the program after reading an advertisement in Variety Magazine.
Career.
Ziesmer worked on more than 50 films, usually in the role of assistant director. His first uncredited film job was as a trainee in "Hello, Dolly!". His credits include "The Way We Were", "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "Scarface", "Illegally Yours", "Midnight Run", "History of the World, Part I", "Annie", "Say Anything", "Almost Famous", and "Jerry Maguire". He took small acting parts in some of his films, for example playing a pilot in "Blue Thunder" and a salesman in "Rocky II". His most famous role is as a civilian intelligence agent named 'Jerry' in Francis Ford Coppola's Vietnam War film, Apocalypse Now, in which he utters what some call the film's most memorable line, "Terminate, with extreme prejudice", to instruct the film's lead character to carry out an assassination. Coppola, who had searched for a suitable actor for months, gave the role to Ziesmer at the spur of the moment.
In 1981, Ziesmer re-met and began dating his high school girlfriend and 1957 prom date, Suzanne. They married in 1982. Suzanne joined him on-set, tutoring actors including Mel Gibson.
In 2000 Ziesmer wrote a memoir, "Ready when You Are, Mr. Coppola, Mr. Spielberg, Mr. Crowe", that includes the most complete account of the production of "Apocalypse Now".
Ziesmer served on the council of the Directors Guild of America from 1987 to 1998, for three years as the chair. He helped establish a mentorship program for women and minority directors. For many years he and his wife, Suzanne, taught an Assistant Director’s course at UCLA's Extension school. In 2006 he won the DGA's "Frank Capra Achievement Award", a career award given to assistant directors.

</doc>
<doc id="20289646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289646" title="Gerard Oskam">
Gerard Oskam

Gerard Cornelis Adrianus Oskam (12 April 1880, The Hague – 7 May 1952) was a Dutch chess master.
He won at Groningen 1900, took 2nd at Leeuwarden 1904, tied for 2nd–3rd at Amsterdam 1905, took 12th at Scheveningen 1905, took 4th at Amsterdam 1907, took 2nd at The Hague 1907, took 3rd at Utrecht 1907, and took 4th at Haarlem 1908 (Johannes Esser won). 
During World War I, he tied for 3rd–5th at Rotterdam 1915, shared 2nd at Scheveningen 1915, tied for 7–8th at Amsterdam 1916, twice shared 1st in The Hague and Scheveningen in 1917, won at Rotterdam 1918, twice tied for 5–6th in Arnheim and Scheveningen in 1918, and shared 1st with Jan Willem te Kolsté at 's Hertogenbosch 1918 ("Quadrangular"). 
After the war, he tied for 9–10th in the Hastings International Summer Congress in 1919 (Victory Tournament, José Raúl Capablanca won), took 5th at The Hague 1919 (the 4th Dutch Chess Championship, Max Marchand won), took 5th at Bromley 1920, took 4th at Edinburgh 1920, took 4th at Utrecht 1920, tied for 1st–4th at Bussum 1921, tied for 3rd–4th at The Hague 1922, took 4th at Margate 1923, tied for 4–5th at Scheveningen 1923, and shared 1st at Groningen 1925. 
Oskam represented the Netherlands in 1st unofficial Chess Olympiad at Paris 1924.
Personal life.
Oskam was a lawyer by profession. He obtained his Master of Laws at the University of Amsterdam in 1906 and subsequently had a practice in Rotterdam. In April 1910 he married Sara van Laar from Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="20289670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289670" title="Dorfarje">
Dorfarje

Dorfarje (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name Dorfarje was first attested in 1291 as "in Dorfern". It is derived from Middle High German "Dorfern", originally a plural form of the common noun "dorfære" 'villager' (< "dorf" 'village'). The name therefore literally means 'villagers' and refers to early German colonization of the Sora Plain. In the past the German name was "Dörfern".

</doc>
<doc id="20289685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289685" title="Bow railway works">
Bow railway works

Bow railway works was at Bow, an area of London, England, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. It was built in 1853 by the North London Railway.
Bow railway works was built by the North London Railway in 1853 on a site which also included a sizeable wagon repair shop, under the direction of William Adams the locomotive superintendent. At first it was used for the repair of locomotives purchased from outside contractors, but from 1860 it was enlarged to enable it to undertake locomotive construction. The first locomotive completed was 4-4-0T No. 43 which incorporated the Adams Bogie, to improve high-speed stability. The last steam locomotive to be built at Bow was 4-4-0T No. 4 in 1906. 
A new erecting shop was built in 1882 under Adams' successor J.C. Park, who continued producing 4-4-0 and 0-6-0 tank engines for the railway. At its height the workshops were employing 750 men. Between 1879 and 1901, thirty 0-6-0 tanks designed by J.C.Park were built, of which fourteen lasted until British Railways ownership, the last being taken out of service in 1958 some seventy years old.
Merger and grouping.
In 1908 the North London Railway was merged with the London and North Western Railway, and thereafter the works reverted to locomotive repairs. The North London Railway line was included in the L.N.W.R. electrification scheme between 1914 and 1923.
The L.N.W.R. was in turn grouped with other railway in North west England and Scotland to form the London Midland and Scottish Railway on 1 January 1923. Bow works was then the smallest of fifteen workshops owned by that company, but was one of the newest and best equipped. From 1927 it also became responsible for repairs to locomotives from the former London, Tilbury and Southend Railway following the closure of the repair facility at Plaistow.
In the 1930s the works developed and manufactured the Hudd automatic train warning system for the L.T.S.R., which later led to a British Railways (BR) team from the national headquarters setting up in Bow to develop BR's standard Automatic Warning System. The workshop, was badly damaged during the blitz and the wagon workshop destroyed.
In 1956 the workshop repaired diesel-electric locomotives for the nearby motive power depot at Devons Road (the first in the U.K. to become all-diesel). 
The works closed in 1960, and the workload was transferred to Derby Works.

</doc>
<doc id="20289692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289692" title="Quantex">
Quantex

Quantex may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20289710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289710" title="Draga, Škofja Loka">
Draga, Škofja Loka

Draga () is a small village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Draga was attested in written sources in 1252 as "Drag" (and as "Trag" in 1439 and "Draga" in 1444). The name "Draga" is derived from the Slovene common noun "draga" 'small, narrow valley', referring to the geographical location of the settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="20289711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289711" title="Tommy Jones (footballer born 1907)">
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1907)

Thomas William "Tommy" Jones (23 March 1907 – 1980) was an English professional footballer. He spent five years at Blackpool in the 1930s, making over 150 Football League appearances for the club. He played as a forward.
Blackpool.
Jones made his debut for Blackpool on 4 September 1933, in a 4–3 victory over Fulham at Bloomfield Road. He scored Blackpool's fourth goal. He went on to make a further 32 league appearances for the club in 1933–34, which was Blackpool manager Sandy MacFarlane's first season in charge. He also scored six more goals in his first campaign with "the Seasiders", including both Blackpool goals in their 2–1 victory at Bradford City on 23 December.
In Jones' second season with the club, 1934–35, he made 35 league appearances and scored five goals, while in 1935–36, he made 36 league appearances and scored twelve goals, finishing as Blackpool's second-top scorer behind Bobby Finan in Joe Smith's first season as manager. He also scored his first FA Cup goal for the club. It came in their 5–2 fourth-round defeat at Fulham on 25 January 1936.
In 1936–37, Jones again scored twelve league goals; this time, however, in 26 appearances as Blackpool finished runners-up in Division Two and gained promotion to the top flight. He scored four goals in a 7–1 victory over Nottingham Forest at Bloomfield Road on 28 November 1936.
In Jones' final season at Blackpool, 1937–38, he made 23 league appearances and scored two goals. He also scored the only goal of their FA Cup third-round tie at Birmingham City on 8 January 1938. His final appearance for the club occurred on 23 April in the penultimate league game of the season, a single-goal defeat at Grimsby Town.
Later career.
Ironically, Jones subsequently joined Grimsby Town for the start of the 1938-39 season, and played until 1947, when he began his final professional season with Accrington Stanley. After retirement he returned to his native Oakengates where he kept a shop.

</doc>
<doc id="20289740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289740" title="History of medicine in Cyprus">
History of medicine in Cyprus

The practice of medicine and therapeutics in Cyprus has its roots into ancient times. Many of the classical practices were well documented at the time by Greek or Roman physicians, and some therapies have originated from Cyprus itself.
Primitive medicine.
Medical practice in ancient Cyprus is believed to reflect general medical principles from Ancient Greece and the Middle East. Local doctors were commonly using frankincense, myrrh, olive oil, resins from trees, wormwood, bitter herbs in water, and mandrake. Trepanning of the skull was also in use (a technique used since 10000 BC. This was thought to release the ‘bad spirits’ and was used in epilepsy, headaches and head injuries. They used a famous ‘poultice of figs’ to cure boils and the local healers had a concept of cleaning, washing and disinfecting the water. Common diseases in Cyprus were those in every Mediterranean country, namely food poisoning, sun stroke, tuberculosis and polio. Drought affected the water supplies making the water poisonous. Other common diseases were leprosy, skin infections, boils, eye infections (due to dust and flies), fractures and injuries. Epidemics such as bubonic plague were common. Many believed that healing was possible by believing in God, and the healers used special rituals, charms and incantations. The sick were looked after in local sanctuaries, under the care of priests.
The Myceneans (c1500 BC) believed that any god could cause a disease. Apollo and Artemis could shoot arrows to cause diseases, whereas other gods could cause ageing. They believed that Thymos was the life force present in all living organisms, Psyche was the soul, and the heart was where consciousness was located. They knew that the heart is a beating organ, and that the throat carried food to the stomach. Medicine was practiced by healers, who treated wounds in battle, and by the Physicians, who treated any other disease. Their position in the society was lower than nobility and higher than craftsmen. They used a variety of surgical instruments, as well as medicinal plants and ointments.
Phoenicians 900 BC–800 BC.
The Phoenician goddess of pregnancy was Astarte (also called Astoreth), goddess of fertility, nutrition and gynaecology, identified with Aphrodite. Astarte was worshipped in Kition (present day Larnaca). She was married to the Middle Eastern god Baal who was also worshipped in Kition. Bronze snakes (medical symbols) were found near where their temple was believed to be. It is known that during the 5th century BC, the Phoenicians were making false teeth. Doctors were making the drugs themselves and had fixed charges for each drug. Several inscriptions referring to Apollo Amyklos, the god of healing, were found mainly near Kition. A doctor mentioned by name was Onasilaos. He was a military doctor living in Idalhion (present day Dali village). Together with his two brothers, probably male nurses, treated the injured in a battle against the Midi. Originally the Cypriots were vegetarians consuming no meat at all, as it was forbidden to sacrifice living animals. With time, they began sacrificing living animals, believing in the concept of ‘a soul for a soul’ (psychi anti psychis), and burned the animal after the sacrifice. According to legend, during a sacrificial burning one day, a piece of flesh accidentally fell on the floor and the priest picked it up quickly and put it back on the altar, but he burned his fingers in the process. He put his fingers in his mouth instinctively to soothe the burn. He liked the taste of the juices and he then decided to eat the meat. He was punished for this, but others followed in his steps and eventually the Cypriots became meat eaters.
Greeks 460-357 BC).
The vaginal speculum was first used in ancient Greece and some contemporary specula were found in Cyprus. A pure gold otoscope, very similar to those commonly used in the 1930s was also found. A known doctor of the period was Diagoras the Cypriot (3rd century BC). He was mentioned by Dioscorides with regards to opium use, also by Pliny, and Erotianus. Diagoras was famous outside Cyprus. He was specifically interested in pharmacology and he devised the ‘Great Collirio’ used for burns, exophthalmos, keratitis, eye ache (ponommatos), and discharge from the eye. The Collirio was also used to cure headache, with the addition of opium into the mixture. In the Cyprus Museumin Nicosia there is a stone ring with the inscription 'Diagorou', and the head of the medusa. According to legend, Athena gave to Asclepius the blood from the medusa, believed to have healing properties.
Material used by Greek physicians:
Ancient Cypriot Doctors.
Apollodoros of Kition, recommended radish seeds in water against poisoning. He wrote 'Peri Myron Ke Stefanon' (On Perfumes and Wreaths) where he recommended rose wreaths for headaches. He also wrote 'Peri Thirion' (On Beasts). Pliny and Dioscorides wrote extensively about him, praising his abilities. Synesis the Cypriot (4th century BC) mentioned by Aristotle, must have been famous. He was also mentioned as Synesios.
The most famous doctor of the time was Apollonios of Kition (1st century BC). He was known as the Cypriot Hippocrates and wrote many medical books. His most well known was ‘On Joints’ (Peri Arthron), comments on treatment of joint injuries, based on Hippocrates. Zeno of Cyprus (361 AD) founded a medical school in Alexandria. His student was Oribasius. The Emperor Julian wrote: ‘... you are not an ordinary doctor, but a teacher also’. He was very experienced both in the theory and practice of medicine. He wrote many books, none of which has survived. Other doctors were: Apollonides, Onasilaos, Oktaousios, Ktisias Knidios, Paion of Amathus, Leonidas Skythinou, Nouminios Solevs, Phedas Damassagorou
Byzantians.
The influence of Byzantion in Cyprus lasted from 647 AD to 1191 AD. Byzantine medicine was based on common sense rather than scientific ideas. Byzantian physicians supported Christian philanthropy, with development of hospitals and organisations (nosokomeia, xenones), for the first time in medical history. They offered treatment to all patients regardless of social or economic position.
During this period there was an increasing reliance on cures by Saints. Traditional medicine (iatrosofia) becomes established. Examples of treatments are: santalon (a light stone) is used for mumps, boils and tonsillitis. They rubbed it on a wet clay pot (couza), and spread the resulting mud on the boil. For earache they used warm olive oil and for trachoma they washed the eyes with urine or sambuca. The mammouthes (practical nurses) assisted during childbirth, and also used cupping (cazia) and venesection (vlotomes). A local proverb for those who react excessively to a small problem, is "apou poni vathkia vlootoma" (he who has pain, venesects deeply). Also mentioned was a Byzantian trick: "In order to seduce a man put a few drops of menstrual blood in his coffee."
Lusignians 1192-1473.
Doctors were allowed to practice only after permission from bishops and other more senior doctors. Ignorance and malpractice where punished, sometimes by death. The Lusignians used affumications, herbs, astrology, venesections, cautery, purging, and pilgrimages to the saints. A surgeon was locally called 'surgentis', the hospital 'spitalli' and the midwives 'mammouthes', who also performed virginity examinations. A medical doctor was called ‘doctor of physic’ as opposed to a surgeon. The chemist was called 'myropsios'. Mastre (Magistro) was a title given to doctors, as well as to chief musicians (hence ‘Maestro’), chief builders (hence ‘Master’) and army officials.
A physician known as Mastre Gky (c1300), was probably Dr Guido de Pagnolo, an Italian living in Cyprus and personal friend of Petrarch. King Pier I of France, sent Mastre Gky to Genova as an emissary to mediate and try to find a compromise on several political issues between the Genoese and Franks. He was successful and he was said to have achieved 'real and firm' cooperation. This indicates that some doctors had heavy political involvement in the government. Other doctors were Mastre Pier Vryonas, Mastre Gabriel Zintilis, and Mastre Synglitikos, all believed to be of Greek Cypriot origin. Curing saints were very in demand, particularly by the lower social classes. The higher classes paid for qualified doctors. For example, The historian Macheras says that St Mamas is 'miraculous all over the world, and if I was going to write about his cures, I wouldn't be able to do it while alive". Other saints were thought to cure fever, malaria, sciatica etc. Examples of epidemics:
Venetian period 1489-1570.
Cyprus depended on the ‘Consiglio Maggiore di Venezia’. The government paid the salary of some doctors, whereas others were private. There were doctors, midwives and practical doctors, who were practicing venesection, cautery, purging, and sniffing. Two doctors are mentioned by name: Bulien de Nores from a baronial family, and Jane de Rames (1489–1571). The latter was born in Cyprus but also lived and practised in Padova. The local Cypriots requested a doctor from Venice and he was sent by the Venetian government. His salary was 300 ducats a year, quite high for a doctor. In general, the Christian doctors were better paid than the Jews.
Turkish Domination 1571-1878.
In Cyprus there were too many sick people due to the frequent malaria epidemics, and too few doctors. Qualified doctors were working well and paid well. In addition, doctors were selling drugs for extra income. The first doctor of that period was Aloise Cucci (1625). He was an Italian who lived in Cyprus, a well-informed and wise doctor. There were many others mentioned by name, both Cypriot and French. Examples are:
Dr Dimanel and Dr Dende (c1705) were ‘Docteurs de Nation Française’. They were recorded in certificates in from the French embassy in Cyprus. Dr Guerin and Dr Donde (c1730) were surgeons who prepared a perfumed concoction to disinfect the house when somebody died. Xatzi Georgios X Liasi Chalepli 1742 was a Cypriot, born in Beirut, but lived and practiced in Larnaca.
Dr Gerolamo Varlamo (Varlaam) (1770) had the qualification ‘Dottore Veneto di Medicina’. From Venice he came to Cyprus through Corfu. He studied in Padova. Drs Giuseppe Zambelli and Francesco A Patriarca (1794), from Naples, were working in Famagusta and then in Larnaca. They had a written agreement to work together as partners in medicine and surgery, and to share the income for 10 years.
Dr Kostandinos Valsamaki (Varsamas) (1779) He was a descendant of Balsamina Doukaina, Iakobos Gabras, Alexandros Tsaphas Argyros. was married to the daughter of Dr Vondiziano. He studied in Padova. His son Pavlos was also a doctor and was charging 8 piastres for a home visit, and 18 for a consultation with other doctors. Was the first community physician in 1837. Their descendants moved to Greece. Dr Oben (Aubin, 1817) a Frenchman. He was requesting to become ‘Officier de Santé de la Nation Française’ i.e. government doctor. It is recorded that he diagnosed the plague on a patient, who also had anthrax. Christoforo Castellani (1821) was an Italian, private physician to Kutchuk Mehmet, Governor of Cyprus. The French Dr Joseph Irene Foblant 1839 was said that he used to put a coin under the pillow of poor patients, so that they could buy food. Pavlos Pieridis Picozis (1815–1865), studied in Edinburgh university and was the personal physician to the governor of Cyprus. Dr Antonios Tsepis (1868) was a Greek doctor who settled in Larnaca. He was in charge of the quarantine 1883–1905. Dr Thrasyvoulos Ropas (1870) was also a military doctor. He was a very good physician, but it was said that he was an eccentric and a humorist. He was announcing the deaths of his patients for his own advertisement. Frederic Charles Heidenstam (1876), who was a Swede, came to Cyprus and became chief medical officer in 1882. Neoclis Kyriazis (1877), was a municipal doctor and historian.
The Turkish Authorities were not interested in improving the local health of the population because they used to get tax income for every dead Greek citizen. Only just before the British occupation the Turks decided to build a quarantine facility. At the time, there were also plans to create the post of a municipal doctor. The major cities of Cyprus were full of prostitutes to cater for the needs of the newly arrived British soldiers. This led to an increase of sexually transmitted diseases. The municipalities used to keep a record and photographs of the prostitutes, asking them to have frequent medical examinations.
The first formal hospital was created in Larnaca in 1879 and the first doctor was Dr Heidenstam. His salary was £50 a year. In 1881 the hospital had 113 inpatients and 3485 outpatients. This was housed in some small buildings in the centre of the town and was locally called ‘ta spitouthkia tous arostous’ (the little houses of the sick).

</doc>
<doc id="20289785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289785" title="Aankhibhui">
Aankhibhui

Aankhibhui is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7019 people living in 1296 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20289790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289790" title="Bahrabise, Sankhuwasabha">
Bahrabise, Sankhuwasabha

Bahrabise Bazar is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2864 people living in 519 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20289793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289793" title="Sveti Florijan nad Škofjo Loko">
Sveti Florijan nad Škofjo Loko

Sveti Florijan nad Škofjo Loko (; in older sources also "Sveti Florjan", ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The church of Saint Florian on a hill above the village, though actually belonging to the neighbouring village of Sopotnica, gave its name to the settlement.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Sveti Florjan" (literally, 'Saint Florian') to "Florjan na Zmincem" (literally, 'Florian above Zminec') in 1955. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms. The name was changed again in 2002 to "Sveti Florijan nad Škofjo Loko". In the past the German name was "Sankt Florian".

</doc>
<doc id="20289811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289811" title="Bala, Nepal">
Bala, Nepal

Bala is a Village Development Committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2863 people residing in 576 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20289814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289814" title="Alphonse Lemerre">
Alphonse Lemerre

Alphonse Lemerre (Canisy, Normandy, France, 1838 – Paris, France, 1912) was a 19th-century French editor and publisher, known especially for having been the first to publish many of the Parnassian poets.
Life.
Alphonse Lemerre was the eighth child of his parents. In 1850, at age 12, he was an errand-boy in Saint-Lô. In 1860, he moved to Paris and quickly rose to prominence, becoming the "Prince de l'édition" (Prince of the Edition, or Prince of Editors) and made his publisher's mark famous, which had the Latin motto "Fac et spera" (""Agis et espère"" in French, "Do and Hope" in English). He opened a library at 23 passage Choiseul. His library occupied also other odd number addresses (23-33, 47). 
In 1865, he began to edit Parnassian poets in Louis-Xavier de Ricard's revue "L’Art", which had ten issues between November 2, 1865, and January 6, 1866. The November issue had an article by Paul Verlaine about Baudelaire. In 1866, Lemerre published "Le Parnasse contemporain", a collection of new poetry, in 18 weekly installments from 30 March to 30 June 1866, the collected installments published in October. Two other volumes of "Le Paranasse Contemporain" appeared in 1871 and 1876.
He went on to publish numerous collections. Lemerre's publications include many of the "chefs-d’œuvre" of 19th century French literature and history: Anatole France, Auguste Molinier, Louis Petit de Julleville; la Petite Bibliothèque littéraire, la Bibliothèque des curieux, la Bibliothèque illustrée, la Bibliothèque dramatique, la Petite collection pour la jeunesse, les poèmes nationaux, des livres d’enseignement and other collections.
He was a mayor of Ville d'Avray, a Republicain in politics, anticlerical. He was very attached to his native Normandy. He went there often (to Canisy, to the Château de Montmirel and to Coutainville) and had several properties there (Dangy, Dais, Méterville).
In 1965, the inheritors of his estate closed the Lemerre publishing house.
Selection of authors edited by Alphonse Lemerre.
Alphonse Lemerre is especially known for having published Parnassian poets. But he also published Classical and Romantic authors and anthologies.
Collections: 
Anthologies:

</doc>
<doc id="20289829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289829" title="Wana, Nepal">
Wana, Nepal

Bana is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5172 people living in 943 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20289839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289839" title="Baneshwor, Sankhuwasabha">
Baneshwor, Sankhuwasabha

Baneshwor is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3830 people living in 688 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20289843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289843" title="Forme">
Forme

Forme (; ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20289847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289847" title="Chainpur, Kosi">
Chainpur, Kosi

Chainpur is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4933 people living in 948 individual households.
References.
A small VDC in eastern region of Nepal,chainpur has been famous for hundreds of years for karuwa special kind of water mug with pipe tap sculptured with artistic carving on exterior of it.
It used to be district head quarter of Shankhuwa-sava.

</doc>
<doc id="20289865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289865" title="Chepuwa">
Chepuwa

Chepuwa is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1949 people living in 425 individual households.
It borders Tibet, China.

</doc>
<doc id="20289869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289869" title="Cranfield Experiments">
Cranfield Experiments

The Cranfield experiments were computer information retrieval experiments conducted by Cyril W. Cleverdon at Cranfield University in the 1960s, to evaluate the efficiency of indexing systems. 
They represent the prototypical evaluation model of information retrieval systems, and this model has been used in large-scale information retrieval evaluation efforts such as the Text Retrieval Conference (TREC).

</doc>
<doc id="20289883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289883" title="2007 Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic – Singles">
2007 Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic – Singles

Svetlana Kuznetsova was the defending champion, but chose not to play that year.
Lindsay Davenport won the title in her first tournament in 51 weeks, beating Daniela Hantuchová 6–4, 3–6, 6–2 in the final.
Seeds.
The top two seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="20289889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289889" title="Dhupu">
Dhupu

Dhupu is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4295 people living in 813 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20289894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289894" title="Diding">
Diding

Diding is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2900 people living in 566 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20289902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289902" title="Hatiya, Kosi">
Hatiya, Kosi

Hatiya is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2824 people living in 585 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20289904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289904" title="Gabrk, Škofja Loka">
Gabrk, Škofja Loka

Gabrk () is a small village on the left bank of the Poljane Sora River in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20289906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289906" title="Jaljala, Kosi">
Jaljala, Kosi

Jaljala is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5211 people living in 921 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20289915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289915" title="Keemathnka">
Keemathnka

Keemathnka is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of North Eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 303 people living in 50 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20289928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289928" title="Kharang">
Kharang

Kharang is a Village Development Committee
in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5591.

</doc>
<doc id="20289938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289938" title="Peter Bezukladnikov">
Peter Bezukladnikov

Peter Wolframovich Bezukladnikov () is General Director of Russian biggest engineering company E4 Group (revenue $1.5bln, 18,000 employees) and formerly a scientist in the field of structural analysis of carbohydrates.
Education and Scientific Career.
Peter Bezukladnikov graduated from the Department of Molecular and Chemical Physics of the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology in 1982 and continued on to receive Ph.D. in chemistry. As a scientist at the Pacific Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Far East Branch of the USSR Academy of Sciences, he was the first to apply ESI/AP/MS (Electrospray ionization/atmospheric pressure/Mass spectrometry) for the structural analysis of carbohydrates.
Career in Management.
In 2000-2004 worked in RAO UES of Russia where he was responsible for the development of the reorganization strategy.
In 2004-2006 Peter Bezukladnikov acted as a General Manager of ENEL ESN Energo, managing company of Sevzapenergo of RAO UES of Russia.
Successfully managed implementation of the following projects:
Construction of 2nd power unit of JSC North-west PP (150MW) - acting as the Customer. Peter Bezukladnikov participated in development of the agreement with GUP TEK, St. Petersburg, to transfer heat to Primorsky district of St. Petersburg.
This project set a precedent in the field of heat power tariffication .
Management of Italian-Russian joint venture JSC Enel ESN Energo – Manager in Public JSC North-west HS.
Managed successful implementation of the first complete overhaul of large gas turbines in Russian power industry, involving experts of Italian company ANSALDO .
Main achievement of the project lies in the fact that it was the first successful experience of managing foreign-capital company by Russian power enterprise.

</doc>
<doc id="20289942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289942" title="Madi Mulkharka">
Madi Mulkharka

Madi Mulkharka is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6201 people living in 1147 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20289948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289948" title="Madi Rambeni">
Madi Rambeni

Madi Rambeni is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Koshi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4741 people living in 919 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20289953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289953" title="Makalu, Nepal">
Makalu, Nepal

Makalu is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3560 people living in 694 individual households.
See also.
Barun Valley

</doc>
<doc id="20289955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289955" title="Periyar E. V. Ramasamy and women's rights">
Periyar E. V. Ramasamy and women's rights

Periyar E. V. Ramasamy (, ) (September 17, 1879 – December 24, 1973), also known as Ramaswami, EVR, Thanthai Periyar, or Periyar, was a Dravidian social reformer and politician from India, who founded the Self-Respect Movement and Dravidar Kazhagam. He advocated for the rights of women and was considered ahead of his time as well as controversial. Throughout the Indian sub-continent today, women continue to be marginalized in various ethnic and religious groups. During the early part of the twentieth century there have been many agitations against British rule (external) and injustices committed amongst the people of the sub-continent (internal). With all this, women's rights have been left in the dark. Periyar stated that, ""political reformers are agitating that the privilege of administering "India" should go to "Indians". Social reformers are agitating that communal divisions and differences should be done away with. But nobody takes notice of the great hardship suffered by one section of women. Intelligent people will agree that the creator has not endowed men and women with different faculties. There are, in both men and women, intellectuals, courageous people, as well as stupid and cowardly people. While this is the case, it is unfair and wicked on the part of the haughty male population to continue to denigrate and enslave the female population.
Periyar has explained that it is extremely cruel on the part of the Hindu brethren to witness the gradual destruction suffered by one half of their society, without taking any action. This apart, men and women are both human beings. The difference in physical features will not change the human quality. The difference in intellect and physical strength which we find among men can be found among women also. Practice improves the position equally in both men and women. Just as there are foolish people, weaklings and people with bad qualities among men, among women also there are likely to be people belonging to these categories.
Marriages.
With regards to marriage, Periyar has stated that it is one of the worst customs in India. He claimed that the marriage principle, briefly, involves the enslavement of a woman by her husband and nothing else. This enslavement is concealed under the cover of marriage rites to deceive the women concerned by giving the wedding the false name of a divine function.
There have been numerous papers in South India reporting how husbands have killed their wives, suspecting immoral behavior. The husband's suspicion of his wife's character has often led to murders. Those who believe in the divine dispensation, according to Periyar, do not have the knowledge to ask themselves why marriages conducted according to religious rites and the approval of God end in this fashion.
Periyar further states that the very idea that the only proper thing for women to do is to be slaves of domesticity, bear children and bring them up, is a faulty one. As long as these restrictions are imposed on women, we can be sure that women have to be subservient to men and depend on men for help. If women have to live on terms of equality with men, they must have the liberty, like men, to have the kind of education they like and also to do unhampered, any work suitable to their knowledge, ability and taste.
Furthermore, Periyar objected to terms like "giving of a maid" and "given in marriage". They are, "Sanskrit terms" and treat woman as a thing. He advocated the substitution of the word for marriage taken from the Tirukkual "Valkai thunai" or "life partner".
Expenses.
With marriage comes the expenses. Periyar stated that in our country, and particularly in Hindu society, a marriage is a function causing a lot of difficulties and waste to all people concerned. But those who conduct the marriage function and those who are getting married do not appear to notice the attendant difficulties because they think that social life necessitates wasteful expense and many difficulties and therefore they must necessarily face those inconveniences and hardships.
Wedding feast, jewels, expensive clothes, procession, pandal, dance, music—money is spent on all these to satisfy the vanity of the organizers. Whatever may be the amount of money spent on the wedding and however pompous each of the items may be, the mirth and jollity associated with these are over in two or three days. In a week's time the prestige and honor connected with these are forgotten. But the wedding expenses leave many families crushed; for many poor families hese expenses leave an enormous burden and the debts remain uncleared for a number of years.
However, if the money intended for the wedding expense is not borrowed and belongs to either of the marriage parties, then that amount could be used by her to bring up her children and to educate them. Such a procedure would be highly beneficial to her.
Arranged marriages.
In South Asia we mostly hear of arranged marriages as part of custom, heritage, and religions. Periyar thought that the Aryan wedding methods were barbarous because of the Aryan religion and art: Vedas, Sastras, Puranas, and Epics belong to the barbaric age. He further stated that is the reason why their wedding methods involve the parents giving the girl, prostituting the girl children and some stranger carrying the girl away by force or stealth.
Arranged marriages in general were meant to enable the couple to live together throughout life and derive happiness, satisfaction and a good reputation, even years after the sexual urge and sexual pleasure are forgotten.
But, with the selfish manipulation of this pact, Periyar claimed that women find 'pleasure' in slavish marriage because they have been brought up by their parents without education, independence and self-respect and because they have been made to believe that marriage means subordination to males. The inclusion of such slavish women in the group of 'chaste' women is another lure to them, leading them to find pleasure in such marriages.
Because a man is also married before he has understood the nature of life, its problems and its pleasures, he is satisfied with the slavish nature of the wife and the sexual pleasure she gives. If he finds any incompatibility, he adapts himself to his partner and the circumstances and puts up with his lot.
Love marriages.
Love marriages, claims Periyar, on the other hand will suit only those who have no ideals in life. Such a wedding gives primacy to sexual union along and it is doubtful if it indicates an agreement between the couple for good life. Sexual compatibility alone does not ensure happy married life; the couple should be able to live together cheerfully. Suitability for life or living together can be determined only if the man and woman get used to the company of each other, and are satisfied with each other. Only then, they can enter into an agreement to live together.
Periyar further states that love marriages can give pleasure only as long as there is lust and the ability to satisfy that lust. If there is no compatibility between the partners in other respects, such marriages end only in the enslavement of women. The lies of such women resemble the lives of bullocks which are tied to a cart, beaten up and made to labor endlessly until they die.
Therefore, there is a proverb stating, ""A deeply loving girl is unfit for family life; a suitable life partner is unfit for love." Periyar believed that the agreement between partners to live together will constitute a better marriage than a love marriage.
Self-respect marriages.
In a leading article of "Viduthalai", Periyar states that a self-respect wedding is based on rationalism. Rationalism is based on the individual's courage. Some may have the courage to conduct it during the time which almanacs indicate as the time of the planet Rahu and that, particularly in the evening. Some others may have just enough daring to avoid the Brahmin priest and his mother tongue - the Sanskrit language. Some may feel nervous about not keeping the traditional lamp burning in broad daylight. Some others may have the rotten thought that conducting a wedding without 'mangala sutra' is disgraceful.
Still, the self-respect weddings conducted during the past thirty years have some basic limits. They are: Brahmins and their "mantras" should be utterly avoided; meaningless rituals, piling mud pots, one on another, having the traditional lamp during day time, ritual smoke - all these should be avoided. Rationalism does not approve of these. Periyar then asks why can't the government pass an Act that legalizes weddings which avoid the above-mentioned superstitious practices. If all these details cannot be accommodated in the Act, the latter can legalize weddings which don't have Brahmin priests, the Sanskrit language and the so called holy fire.
Thus, marriages styled as Self-Respect marriages carried a threefold significance: a) replacing the Purohit, b) inter-caste equality, c) man-woman equality. Periyar claimed to have performed Self-Respect marriages unofficially since 1925 and officially since 1928. Self-Respect marriages were legalized in 1967 by the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) Government.
Widow-remarriage.
On the remarriage of widows, Periyar states that among the atrocities perpetrated by the Hindu male population against women, here we have to consider the treatment meted out to widows alone. If a girl loses her husband, even before knowing anything of worldly pleasures, she is compelled to close her eyes to everything in the world and die broken-hearted. Even in Periyar's community at the time, there were widowed girls below the age of 13 years. Periyar stated how it is a touching sight to see the parents of those widowed children treating them like untouchables.
He goes on to say that whatever may be the reason for the present state of the Hindu society, my firm belief that the low position given permanently to widows may prove to be the reason for the utter ruin of the Hindu religion and the Hindu society.
If we try to find the reason for such conduct, we will have to conclude that they instinctively feel that women are slaves, subservient to men and that they must be kept under control. That is why these people treat women like animals. They seem to feel that giving freedom to women is equivalent to committing a very serious crime. The result of this attitude is that there is no independence or freedom to one half of the human race. This wicked enslavement of half of the human race is due to the fact that men are physically a little stronger than women. This principle applies to all spheres of life and the weaker are enslaved by the stronger.
If slavery has to be abolished in society, the male arrogance and wickedness which lead to the enslavement of women must be abolished first. Only when this is achieved, the tender sprouts of freedom and equality will register growth.
One of the reasons why Periayr hated Hinduism and the orthodoxy practiced in the name of Hinduism was the practice of child marriage. Many of the girl children who were married before they were ten or twelve years old became widows before they knew the meaning of the word. According to the 1921 All India Census the details of the child widows reported living in the country that time were as follows:
Periyar was deeply disturbed when he realized that among the widows in India, 11,892 were little children below 5 years and that young widows below 15 years numbering 232,147 were denied the pleasures of life.
With regards to the re-marriage of widows, Periyar stated that it is the practice of our people to refer to such a wedding as "a widow's marriage". Such an expression is used only with reference to women and in connection with men. Just as this lady is marrying another husband after the death of the first husband, many men marry again after the death of the first wife. But the second marriage of a man is not referred to as "a widower's marriage", though that is the proper thing to do.
Periyar himself was a widower. After becoming one, he took a second wife. He claimed that in the ancient days, both men and women in the country had this practice. There were numerous instances in sastras and puranas of women getting married again after the death of their first husband. Periyar further stated that this is not an unusual practice in the rest of the world though it might appear strange for us at the present time. Christian and Muslim women marry again after the death of the first husband. 90 percent of women in Muslim countries get married again soon after the death of the first husband. This may be unusual in certain sections of Indian societies. But it is a common practice in certain other sections of our society which are called very backward communities.
Further, inter-caste marriages and remarriage of widows are on the increase in India. Brahmins oppose these because they are afraid that they cannot exploit the people any more in the name of sastras. For the same reason they oppose the Sharada Act which is necessary for social well-being.
Child marriage.
In all the meetings of the non-Brahmins and the Self-Respectors, Periyar condemned child marriages and emphasized the need for educating all girl children and giving right to young widows to get married again.
Periyar has been very much against child marriage and stated that it reflects the cruelty to which innocent girls were subjected by their well-meaning parents. Periyar asked that if these parents can be considered civilized in any sense of the term. There was no other leader other than Periyar who reacted against this practice of child marriage.
Those who supported child marriage were strongly against Periyar's condemnation of this act. Take for example, the Sharada Act. Those who opposed this Act say that it was against the Sastras to conduct the marriage of a girl after she has attained puberty. They further say that those who conduct such marriages are committing a sin and therefore will go to hell.
Chastity.
Periyar claimed that "household duties" have risen out of the foolishness of people and were not natural duties. He went on to say that it was our selfish greed which has multiplied our household work. Nobody need worry that without household work, the women will lose their "chastity". On chastity, Periyar went on to say that it is something that belongs to women and is not a pledge to men. Whatever, chastity is, it was something that belonged to individuals.
In society, it was believed that if people lose their chastity, they will get divine punishment. Others are not going to get that punishment. Referring to the doctrines of institutionalized orthodox religions, he went on to say that men need not to worry themselves that women are committing a sin by not doing household work. Thus, let men realize that women are not slaves and that men are not their masters or guardians. Women should be allowed to develop the competence to protect themselves and their chastity and men need not be their watchdogs. He also believed that it was derogatory for men to play such a role.
It was said by the orthodox that women will develop diseases if they lose their chastity. The disease that a woman gets affects the husbands also. If we educate the women, they will develop the capability to keep themselves and their husbands pure. Thus, Periyar stated in the "Kudi Arasu" for the society to think deeply about taking a decision and do the right thing for their sisters and girl children.
Periyar kindled the thoughts of everybody by also ridiculing the use of the word chastity only with reference to women. (Periyar-Father of Tamil 32) He stated that character is essential for both men and women and that speaking of chastity only with reference to women degraded not merely women but men also. He extended this thought and said that in any sphere of activity, civilized society cannot think of one law for men and another for women. He also said that the way most men treated their women was far worse than the way the upper class people treated the lower class, the way in which rich men treated the poor and the way in which a master treated his slave.
Education.
On education, Periyar stated that some foolish parents believe that if girls get educated, they will correspond with their secret lovers. That it is a very foolish and mischievous notion. No parent need be anxious about it. If a girl writes a letter, it will only be to a male. We can even now caution men not to read any love letter addressed to them by a woman and, even if they read it, not to reply to it. If men do not listen to this advice, they, as well as the girls who write them must be punished. It will be a hopelessly bad thing, if parents keep their girl children uneducated for this reason.
At a speeched delivered by Periyar at the Prize Distribution function in the Municipal School for Girls at Karungal Palayam, Erode, he stated that girl children should be taught active and energetic exercises like running, high jump, long jump,and wrestling so that they may acquire the strength and courage of men. Their time and energy should not be wasted in light pastimes like "Kummi" (groups going in a circle, clapping their hands rhythmically) and in "Kolatam" (striking with sticks rhythmically).
In ancient Tamil literature, poets have stressed the value of education for women. In a famous verse, a poet by the name of Naladiar stated that, ""What gives beauty to a woman is not the hair style or the patter of her dress or the saffron on her face but only education"". In a verse of "Eladhi" it states, ""Beauty does not lie in the style of wailing or in the charm of a blush but only in the combination of numbers and letters (education).
In a 1960 issue if "Viduthalai" Periyar stated that ""There should be a drastic revolution in the desires and ideals of Indian women. They should equip themselves to do all types of work that men are doing. They should have good domestic life without allowing nature's obstacles in their own lives. Therefore, there should be a welcome change in the minds of our women. The administrators also most pay special attention to the advancement of women"".
Armed forces.
Periyar advocated for women to be given weapons to protect themselves in reply to a question put in the Central Legislature. He stated that we have no hope that the state governments will do anything in this sphere because most of the state ministers hold the orthodox belief that women are slavish creatures. Though here and there we find women also as ministers, they are old-fashioned traditionalists who will say, "We don't want any kind of freedom. We are perfectly happy with slavery".
In Periyar's time he explained that """Indian" women had no self-determination in any sphere of life like education property and marriage. They thought that modern civilization meant dressing themselves like British and American women and adorning themselves. Even our educated women do not entertain any thought that they must enter the police and army departments and learn to pilot airplanes like the women of Russia and Turkey. Just as modern education has made men cowards an book-worms, it has made our women decoratie dolls and weaklings"".
In a leading article written by Periyar in "Viduthalai in 1946", he claimed that unless there is a drastic, fundamental and revolutionary change in our administrative machinery, it is impossible to make our women independent beings.
Periyar goes on to explain that in our country also, there are thousands of women with the courage, competence and desire to work in the police department. Just as girls going to school was considered wonderful and cycle-riding by girls was considered funny, a few years ago, women on police duty may appear to be wonderful or strange for a few years. Then, in course of time, this will be considered natural.
We need methods that will effect an astounding revolution in the world of women. Until we acquire those methods, we will be moving forward like a tortoise and writing and talking about Drowpath and Sita.
Periyar, in a 1932 article of "Kudi Arasu", explained that "women should develop physical strength like men. They must take exercise and get training in the use of weapons. They must acquire the ability to protect themselves when any sex-mad person tries to molest them. They should get the necessary training to join the armey when need arises and fight the enemy. This is the view of all civilized people. Women also wholeheartedly support this view. When the general view in the world is like this, who can accept the statement of some people that there is no use in giving higher education to women?"
Birth control.
In the "Kudi Arasu" of 1932, Periyar explained the basic differences between the reasons given to us for contraception and the reasons given by others for this. We say that contraception is necessary for women to gain freedom. Others advocate contraception taking into consideration many problems like the health of women, the health and energy of the children, the poverty of the country and the maintenance of the family property. Many Westerners also support contraception for the same reasons. Our view is not based on these considerations. We recommend that women should stop delivering children altogether because conception stands in the way of women enjoying personal freedom. Further, begetting a number of children prevents men also from being free and independent. This truth will be clear if we listen to talk of men and women when their freedom is hampered.
He went on to say how birth control does not aim at preventing the birth of children altogether, but aims only at limiting births. A man and his wife may have two children, or at the most, three children. This birth control policy is against bringing forth an unlimited number of children.
While Periyar and the Self-Respect movement were advocating for birth control, Rajaji (C. Rajagopalachariar) very strongly opposed it. Others who opposed birth control was Thiru Adhithanar, the publisher of an extremely popular newspaper, "Dina Thandhi" at the time. In response to Rajaji's stand against birth control, Periyar explained that he was against this since he was of the Vedic Brahmin community that staunchly engrossed in the Manu Dharma. Thus, limiting births of overpopulation would limit diseases and death from many and therefore leave Brahmin priests without a job of doing ceremonies for the sick and funerals. In a 1959 article of "Viduthalai" he exclaimed that ""If people like Rajaji discover new islands, make the forests habitable, do propaganda for the birth of more and more children and have farms for the upbringing of children, we may be in a position to understand them.""
During the late 1950s, 80 percent of the men and 90 percent of the women in Tamil Nadu were illiterate. Periyar argued in a 1959 article in "Viduthalai" that ""in this situation, if birth control is not practiced and people are allowed to have any number of children, the result will be the multiplication of castes among the "Sudras", like washermen, barbers, pot-makers, kuravas or gypsies, hunters, fishermen, famers, toddy tappers, padayachies, pillars, cobblers, pariahs, and a thousand others and a limitless increase in population. The increase in population will foce the 'Sudras' to preserve themselves from starvation by standing with folded hands before lazy fellows and calling them 'swami', 'master' and 'landlord'. What good result can we expect if birth control is not adopted?""
Previously in a 1933 article of the "Kudi Arasu", Periyar, in his words, explained that ""even a High Court Judge in India does not know the amount of trouble that a mother takes to bring up a child. If a husband is kind to his wife and shows concern for her health and happiness, he must adopt the contraceptive method. Otherwise, he must be one who could manage to see that in delivery and in the brining up of children, she does not have much trouble. Therefore, the proper thing to do now is to drastically cut the expenses mentioned above and spend money on the proper upbringing of children with the help of nurses.""
Property rights and divorce.
With regards to property rights for women, Periyar stated that there was no difference between men and women. He went on to say that like men, women should have the right to own property and enjoy its benefits. With regards to divorce or separations, he advocated that a woman can lie away from her husband if he is an undesirable person and if he has nay virulent disease. When a woman has to live apart from her husband in these circumstances, she is entitled to maintenance allowance and a claim on the husband's property. Even if a widow gets remarried, she must be given the right to claim a share of the first husband's property.
On February 4, 1946, the Central Legislature passed an Act giving the right the Hindu married woman to get from her husband in certain circumstances a separate place to live in and a maintenance allowance. Periyar explained how that it was a useless Act. since it seems that the members of the Hindu Mahasabha and Sanadahnis agitated against the grant of even this right.
Dowry.
On the Dowry system practiced widely throughout the Indian sub-continent not only by Hindus but Christians too, Periyar calls it a ""serious disease that was spreading fast amongst Tamilians"". He went on to state that the disease was also found in its virulent form among the Andhras and the Brahmins of Tamil Nadu. Periyar also argued that if a man with property worth one lakh has three daughters, he has to become a beggar by the time these daughters are married. In the name of dowry, the parents of the young men who marry the three daughters, squeeze the man's property out of him.
In the 1959 issue of "Viduthalai", Periyar stated that, ""according to a new legislation, women have the right to a share of the parents' property. Therefore every girl will definitely get her legitimate share from the parents' wealth - if the parents are wealth. It is inhuamane on the part of the parents of a boy to dump on him a girl whom he does not like and to plan to such as much as they can from the property of the girl's father. There is basically no difference between selling education and love for money and selling one's chastity for money. 'Prostitute' is a germ of contempt for a woman; a boy should not be reduced by his avaricous parents to get the name, 'a prostituted boy' or 'a boy that has been sold'. A father-in-law who has means, however miserly he may be by nature, will not be indifferent when his daughter suffers out of poverty. Therefore, it is very shameful on the part of the bridegroom's parents to demand from the bride's father that at the time of the marriage he should gie jewels worth so many thousands along with so many thousand rupees as dowry and that he should provide the bridegroom with a house and a care. The fact that another party makes such demands at the time of his daughter's marriage does not justify any parent's demands at the time of his son's wedding. All people must realize that both demanding and giving dowry are wrong and they must boldly declare this when occasion arises.""
Periyar calls the dowry an evil and exploitative practice depriving tens of thousands of talented and beautiful young women with sound character remaining spinsters without any chance of getting married.
Devadasis.
Among the atrocities the Tamil society committed against women was the practice of keeping some women attached to temples as "Devadasis". Dr. Muthulakshmi proposed the resolution at the Madras Legislature that the "Devadasi" system should be abolished. The Government wanted comments on that from all important people. Periyar in his statement pointed out that the "Devadasi" system was a disgrace to Hindu religion. The fact that, in the name of a temple or a god, some women are kept as common property is an insult to all the women in the society. He also remarked that the prevalence of this system encouraged immorality among men and thus set the pattern for unprincipled life in many families. This was stoutly opposed in the Assembly by Satyamurthi Iyer, an orthodox Congress member, under the pretext of safeguarding the Hindu traditions. It should be said to the credit of Dr. Muthulakshmi and the leaders like Periyar that the proposal of the Doctor was accepted and a law was enacted against the "Devadasi" system.
Periyar's example of the degradation of women in the "Devadasi" system is explained that ""if a man's physical passion is aroused when his wife is not with him, he immediately goes to a prostitute. Rough stones are planted where cows and bufaloes graze to facilitate the animals to rub against the stones when they feel like it. Likewise, Devadasis served in temples and in all villages rough stones planted on the borders and they say that these two (employing devadasis and the planting rough stones) are aamong the 32 dharmas mentioned in the sastras. When we consider why his kindness to the suffering and also the 32 dharmas are all bogus"".
Resolutions passed.
As the Self-Respect conference held in Chengalpattu, Tamil Nadu in 1929, the following were among the many resolutions passed with regards for women's rights:
At the conference held in Erode in 1930, the same resolutions were passed again reminding the delegates and others that the interest of women was still uppermost in Periyar's mind. M.R. Jayakar who presided oer the Erode conference was greatly impressed by the progressive views of Periyar and other members. He was particularly happy that the movement included not merely non-Brahmin Hindus but Christians and Muslims too. He pointed out that the Self-Respect movement was more progressive than Congress. Furthermore, at the Virudhnagar conference the women members held a separate conference and passed some resolutions demanding that women should have the right to select their life partners without any consideration of religion or community and that weddings should not involve wasteful expenditure and elaborate ceremonies.

</doc>
<doc id="20289962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289962" title="Malta, Kosi">
Malta, Kosi

Malta is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3870 people living in 737 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20289965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289965" title="List of Due South episodes">
List of Due South episodes

This is a list of episodes for the television series "Due South".

</doc>
<doc id="20289972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289972" title="Orders, decorations, and medals of Indonesia">
Orders, decorations, and medals of Indonesia

Awards and decorations of the Republic of Indonesia are both military and civilian awards for service and personal contributions to the Republic of Indonesia. According to the Indonesian Constitution, Chapter III Article 15: ""The President grants designations, awards, and other distinctions that regulated by state acts"". 
Awards and decorations of the Republic of Indonesia are divided into two categories, Stars and Medals.
Stars of the Republic of Indonesia.
Bintang Republik Indonesia ("Star of the Republic of Indonesia").
The "Star of the Republic of Indonesia" (BRI) is awarded to a person who has given extraordinary service to the integrity, viability, and greatness of Indonesia. It is the highest decoration awarded by the Government of The Republic of Indonesia. 
The BRI is awarded in 5 classes:
Bintang Mahaputera ("Star of Mahaputera").
The "Star of Mahaputera" (BMP) is awarded to a person who has given extraordinary service to the Motherland in certain areas outside the military. It is the second highest decoration awarded by the Government of The Republic of Indonesia. 
The BMP is awarded in 5 classes:
Bintang Sakti ("The Sacred Star").
The highest medal bestowed upon combat heroism action, individually or as a unit.
Bintang Dharma ("Military Distinguished Service Star").
Has the same grade with "Bintang Sakti", but bestowed upon the most distinguished service in the military.
Bintang Gerilya ("Guerrilla Star").
Given to military personnel served in the guerrilla war in the independence war (1945-1949).
Bintang Garuda ("Garuda Star").
Given to the Air Force personnel served in the independence war.
Bintang Yudha Dharma ("Defence Meritorious Service Star").
The highest award to foreigners.
Awarded in three classes:
The ribbons of the 2nd and 1st Classes are identical, with the addition of (respectively) one and two central narrow red stripes.

</doc>
<doc id="20289975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289975" title="Tuscan regional election, 2000">
Tuscan regional election, 2000

The Tuscan regional election of 2000 took place on 16 April 2000.
Electoral law.
Tuscany used the national "Tatarella Law" to elect its Council. Forty councillors are elected in provincial constituencies by proportional representation using the largest remainder method with a Droop quota and open lists; remaining seats and votes are grouped at regional level where a Hare quota is used, and then distributed to provincial party lists.
Ten councillors are elected at-large using a general ticket: parties are grouped in alliances, and the alliance which receives a plurality of votes elects all its candidates, its leader becoming the President of Lombardy. If an alliance wins more than 60% of votes, only five candidates from the regional list will be chosen and the number of those elected in provincial constituencies will be 45; if the winning alliance receives less than 50% of votes, special seats are added to the Council to ensure a large majority for the President's coalition.
Results.
1999 European election marked a turning point in relations between Forza Italia and the Lega Nord. In fact, the assembly works in Parliament had highlighted a growing programmatic convergence between the two parties. And so, in view of the 2001 general election, Berlusconi and Umberto Bossi put aside the old, and even bloody quarrels, and formed a new coalition: the House of Freedoms, which found in the regional elections, also in Tuscany, its first test. So the center-right candidate, Altero Matteoli, an important figure on the national landscape, was sustained also by the Lega Nord, which in 1995 had sustained Chiti.
The combination of what were the major forces of regional politics, securing an appointment to Claudio Martini, which ensured stability of the Regional Cabinet that the new regulations wanted to coincide in term with the legislature. Democrats of the Left was confirmed as the largest party in the region with 36% of the vote, while Forza Italia was the second largest party with 20%. The Olive Tree, an alliance comprising several centre-left parties including the Italian People's Party, the Democrats of the Left, The Democrats, the Federation of the Greens and Party of Italian Communists, had a reconfirmation but lost votes.
Like 1995 election, Communist Refoundation Party run lonely with its candidate.
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=left rowspan=2 valign=bottom|Candidates
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top|Regional lists
!colspan="5" align="center" valign=top|Provincial lists
!colspan="2" align="center" valign=top|Total
!rowspan="7" align="left" valign="top"|Claudio Martini
!rowspan="8" align="left" valign="top"|Altero Matteoli
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Niccolò Pecorini
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Gianfranco Dell'Alba
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Paolo Vecchi
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total candidates
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|2,087,313
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|11
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total parties
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|1,958,141
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|=
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|39
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|50
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|50
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20289977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289977" title="Mamling">
Mamling

Mamling is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3457 people living in 630 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20289987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289987" title="Manakamana, Kosi">
Manakamana, Kosi

Manakamana is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9029 people living in 1830 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20289997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289997" title="Mangtewa">
Mangtewa

Mangtewa is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2216 people living in 418 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20290012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290012" title="Matsya Pokhari">
Matsya Pokhari

Matsya Pokhari is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4058 people living in 740 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20290018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290018" title="Mawadin">
Mawadin

Mawadin is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3353 people living in 634 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20290024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290024" title="Num, Nepal">
Num, Nepal

Num is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2526 people living in 468 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20290034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290034" title="Nundhaki">
Nundhaki

Nundhaki is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2613 people living in 478 individual households. It is famous for Guphapokhari that laies above the sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="20290035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290035" title="Success (magazine)">
Success (magazine)

Success is a business magazine in the United States published by Success Media, a company owned by VideoPlus L.P.. According to the company, the magazine is "designed specifically to serve the growing entrepreneur", and the magazine's primary focus is in providing information and content in the areas of home-based and small business and self-improvement.
History.
"Success" was established in 1898 by Orison Swett Marden as a personal-achievement magazine. During its formative years, "Success" benefited from the literary contributions of several renowned authors and thought leaders, including Napoleon Hill, W. Clement Stone and Og Mandino.
Relaunch.
"Success" was acquired by VideoPlus L.P. in 2007 and has since been published under Success Media. VideoPlus, established in 1987, produces educational and marketing materials for the direct selling industry, as well as sponsored and custom publications.
The April/May 2008 issue marked the relaunch of "Success", with the magazine returning to its roots as a publication for entrepreneurs. "Success" moved to a monthly print schedule in September 2008. Darren Hardy serves as the magazine's publisher.
Online edition.
Success.com is the online component of the magazine, featuring content from the magazine, additional exclusive web content, a personal-development blog and links to the magazine's social media efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="20290042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290042" title="Pangma">
Pangma

Pangma [पाङमा/ᵖᵅːᵑᵐᵅː/] was once a village development committee and now is the fourth Khandbari Municipality Ward, in the Sankhuwasabha District, Kosi Zone, in eastern Nepal. There are four Pangmas namely, Gaireepangma(also known as Maaganwa or Masapten) the main Pangma,other Pangmas are in the west are Danda Pangma, Loke pangma and Yangkhrung Pangma. The village, having 90 percent of Lohorung Rais, speak Lohorung(their own mother tongue). Besides Lohorung, other caste includes Bramhan, Chhetri, Biswakarma,Kafley, Sarki and Damai. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5857 people living in 1202 individual households.The Northern part of Pangma is Sekaha or Sekha(सेकाहा, सेखा), mostly Gurung community (Ghondey or these days they also write Ghotane and Lamichhane), to the east is Malta,divided by a rivar Pangma khola or to the west is Shitalpati separated by Dhandebhir(ढँडे भीर) and Manebhanjyang in the south.
The etiology of the word root "Pangma" comes from the word "Pa" means papa or father and "Ma" means mother to PaMa combined and gradually modified to Pangma.
The people from Pangma are known as "Pangmali" (पाङमाली)and thought to be very brave and energetic are also the warrior group. So they are also known as "kancho"(means very brave and attacking) or "Pangmali kancho" referiring to the person who does not fear of anything, to fight or for heavier physical work. 
This village has now three Primary schools, Sree Mangala Devi Prathamik Vidhayalay established in 1887(2044BS) at Gaireepangma,Sishu Syahar Kendra at Danda Pangma and another at Syamdamgaun at Lokepangma.
References.
Pangma is also in Taplejung of Mechi eastern Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="20290051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290051" title="Pathibhara District">
Pathibhara District

Pathibhara is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2905 people living in 607 individual households. The population are predominantly of Limbu descent.
Geography.
Pathibhara is located in the Himalayas in the northeast of the country. Pathibhara borders Pawakhola to the east, Num to the south, Makalu to the west and Hatiya to the north. It lies in proximity to Kangchenjunga (8586 m), the world's third highest peak. The area has an abundance of flora and fauna, with the landscape ranging from Alpine grassland, to subtropical forests.
Religion.
The major attraction of note is the Pathibhara Devi temple, commonly a site attended by Hindu and Buddhist pilgrims seeking spiritual fulfilment and to celebrate special occasions. The Pathibhara Festival is held in this respect annually at the end of March and generally lasts a week. Pilgrims flock from all over Nepal and India], often sacrificing animals and bringing gold and silver as offerings. The mountain Pathibhara Devi (3794 m), also takes the name of the temple.
The temple, according to local legend which has passed down from one generation to the next, was founded by shepherds who had led their flock to where the temple lies today. Hundreds of sheep disappeared as they were grazing, and later the shepherds had a prominent dream in which they were instructed by the Goddess of Trust and Faith, Devi, to make a ritualistic sacrifice. When the sacrifice was offered and the temple and the statue of Devi were constructed, the lost sheep were said to have returned.
According to the 2001 census in Nepal, accounting for the permanent population in Pathibhara, 660 people were Hindu, 664 Buddhist and 1824 people were of the Kirant Mundhum faith.
Education.
In 2001, there were reportedly 939 people attending school, 545 were male, 394 were female. In total there were 409 children not attending school. In total, 2646 out of the population of 2905 were literate, 1389 were male and 1257 female. However 360 people could read only and not write.

</doc>
<doc id="20290059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290059" title="Pawakhola">
Pawakhola

Pawakhola is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2602 people living in 472 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20290061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290061" title="Gabrovo, Škofja Loka">
Gabrovo, Škofja Loka

Gabrovo (; ) is a small village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Mass graves.
Gabrovo is the site of two known mass graves from the end of the Second World War. The Lovrenc Ravine 1 and 2 mass graves () are located south of the settlement, between a path and Zaplotnica Creek. The two locations are about 20 m apart. Grave one contains the remains of seven German prisoners of war that were forced to bury the victims in grave two. Grave two contains the remains of 20 Home Guard soldiers from the prison at Loka Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="20290064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290064" title="Savapokhari">
Savapokhari

Savapokhari is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2834 people living in 485 individual households. Shavapokhari village development committee contains 9 wards. The major attraction of this village development committee is Shavapokhari lake. This lake is situated at the height of around 3500 m from sea level. Generally people visit this area during the spring season. People more than ten thousand visit this place every year at Janai purnima. 

</doc>
<doc id="20290070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290070" title="Sitalpati, Kosi">
Sitalpati, Kosi

Sitalpati is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4862 people living in 975 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20290080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290080" title="Siddhapokhari">
Siddhapokhari

Siddhipokhari is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3464 people living in 612 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20290090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290090" title="Sisuwakhola">
Sisuwakhola

Sisuwakhola is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2570 people living in 508 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20290099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290099" title="Syabun">
Syabun

Syabun () is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5603 people living in 1006 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20290103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290103" title="Tamafok">
Tamafok

Tamfok is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5634 people living in 1096 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20290116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290116" title="Tamku">
Tamku

Tamku is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3044 people living in 588 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20290122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290122" title="Yaphu">
Yaphu

Yaphu is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2407 people living in 518 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20290137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290137" title="Siddhakali">
Siddhakali

Siddhakali is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4743 people living in 880 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20290139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290139" title="Helmut Scholz">
Helmut Scholz

Helmut Scholz was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.
Career.
Scholz was born on the 12 July 1920, at Grottkau, Upper Silesia.
He volunteered to join the SS in December 1937 and was assigned to the 3rd Company, SS Standarte "Germania", and transferred to the SS Standarte "Der Führer", in 1938.
He was selected for officer training and sent to the SS-Junkerschule, at Braunschweig being promoted in September 1939 to Unterscharführer (Sergeant).
He took part in the Battle of France in 1940 and was then transferred to the 1st Company, SS-Regiment "Wiking" and from June 1941 was involved in the invasion of Russia, Operation Barbarossa.
On 1 November 1941 he returned to the SS-Junkerschule and on 20 April 1942 made an SS-Oberjunker until June 1942 when he was promoted to Untersturmführer and given command of a platoon in the III.Btn/SS Regiment "Nordland" which was serving in Russia.
In 1943 he joined the 49th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "De Ruyter" and in March 1944 was the commander of the 7th Company, 49th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "De Ruyter", 23rd SS Panzer Grenadier Division "Nederland".
It was while in command of the 7th Company that he took part in the Battle for Narva Bridgehead defending the bridgehead against Russian attacks, that he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
In August 1944 he was given command of the Regiments II Battalion which was located to the northwest of Peipussees and for the Battalion's actions was awarded the Oakleaves to the Knight's Cross on 21 September 1944.
He was next made the Adjutant of the 48th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment and promoted to Hauptsturmführer in January 1945.
Scholz survived the war and died on the 12 November 1997, at Herne. He is survived by his daughter under the name De Waal and grandson. His grandson a former member of the Australian Defence Force served in Afghanistan and Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="20290140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290140" title="John Parry (bishop)">
John Parry (bishop)

John Parry (died 1677) was Bishop of Ossory in the Church of Ireland from 1672 until his death.
Life.
Parry, the son of Edward Parry (Bishop of Killaloe) and Miss Price was born in Dublin and educated at Trinity College, Dublin. His siblings were Benjamin Parry who succeeded him as Bishop of Ossory; Edward Parry; Robert Parry; Mary Parry who married John Bulkeley; and Elinor Parry who was a love and correspondent of John Locke and later married Richard Hawkshaw. After moving to the University of Oxford, John Parry became a Fellow of Jesus College, Oxford in 1653, obtaining his MA in the same year. After being ordained, Parry became rector of Hope, Flintshire in 1660; his brother Benjamin succeeded him in this post in 1666. He was one of the chaplains of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, James Butler, 1st Duke of Ormonde, and on his return to Ireland obtained his BD and DD degrees from Trinity College, Dublin in 1661 and 1662 respectively. He was also appointed treasurer of Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin in 1661, prebendary of Bugthorpe, Yorkshire in 1662 and rector of St John of Jerusalem in the Diocese of Cork. He became Dean of Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin and precentor of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, through the influence of Ormonde. He held these positions until his death. He was consecrated as Bishop of Ossory in 1672, and also appointed as rector of Llaniestyn, Anglesey. He was highly regarded as a bishop, helping to restore the cathedral and install new bells. John Parry married Constance Kennedy, the daughter of Richard Kennedy.
He died on 21 December 1677 and was buried on 26 December 1677 with his father and brother in the vestibule of St. Audoen's Church, Dublin. 
MONUMENT
The vestry book of St. Audeon’s Church, Dublin states at 16 April 1681 that in a recess on the northern side of the church door, a corner of the north-west part of the church (now the vestibule) was railed off with "a rail and banister," for the Parry family burial place. It measured 14 feet by 8 feet and a rent of forty shillings a year was due for it by the Parry family, which was split fifty-fifty between the Prebendary and Churchwardens of St. Audeons. It acquired the name of the "Bishop of Ossory's Chapel". Many generations of the Parrys were buried in this tomb, which, having become defaced by time, was, on the repair of the Church in 1848, surmounted with an inscribed white marble slab at the expense of Dr. John Parry's representatives, Dame Emma Elizabeth Puleston of Albrighton Hall, Shropshire, relict of Sir Richard Puleston, Bart., Anna Eleanora, Frances and Elizabeth Hawkshaw, daughters of Lieutenant Colonel John Stuart Hawshaw of Divernagh, County Armagh. The monument of the spot, which still exists, reads- "“In memory of Edward Parry and his two sons John and Benjamin Parry, who were interred near this spot. Edward Parry, D.D., Pro-Vice-Chancellor of the University of Trinity College, Dublin, was consecrated Bishop of Killaloe, 28th March, 1647, and died of the plague in this city, July 20th, 1650. John Parry, D.D., was promoted to the Deanery of Christ’s Church, Dublin, Apl. 2, 1666; was consecrated Bishop of Ossory Apl. 22, 1672; and departed this life Dec. 21st 1677. Benjamin Parry DD was promoted to the Deanery of St Canices Kilkenny Feb. 19th 1673, to the Deanery of St. Patrick's Dublin Feb. 17th 1674, was consecrated Bishop of Ossory on the death of his brother John Parry and departed this life Oct. 4th 1678. On the repairing of this church AD 1848 by permission of the Rev. James Howie AM prebendary of the same. Dame Emma Elizabeth Puleston of Albrighton Hall, Shrophire relict of Sir Richard Puleston Bart and Anna, Eleanora, Frances, and Elizabeth Hawkshaw, daughters of the late Lieut Colene John Stewart Hawkshaw of Divernagh Co. Armach, caused this new monument to be erected in memory of the above named bishops. The said Sir Richard Puleston and Lieut. Colonel John Steward Hawkshaw having been Lineally descended from the above named Edward Parry. The monument underneath was the one originally erected by the said John Parry to the memory of his Father Edward Parry”"

</doc>
<doc id="20290161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290161" title="Learoyd v Whiteley">
Learoyd v Whiteley

Learoyd v Whiteley (1887) 12 AC 727 is an English trusts law case, concerning the duty of care owed by a trustee when exercising the power of investment.
Facts.
Elizabeth Whiteley and her children sued the executors of Benjamin Whiteley's will (of 19 March 1874). The will contained a power to invest the fund on certain investments, including “real securities in England or Wales.” £5000 of the trust money had been lost. £3000 was invested in a mortgage at 5% return in the freehold of a ten acre brick field near Pontefract, “with the engine-house, sheds, brick and pipe kilns, and buildings thereon, and all fixtures and fittings thereon.” £2000 was invested on mortgages at 5% in four small freehold houses, including a shop, in Salford, Greater Manchester. The brickfield owners went bankrupt in October 1884 and the owner of the four houses filed for petition for liquidation. There was insufficient money to pay the trust fund.
Judgments.
Chancery Court.
Bacon VC held in the Chancery Court that the brickfield investment was unauthorised, and the trustees were responsible for its failure. The trustees failed to exercise sufficient caution, but they had done so in the case of the houses. The trustees appealed.
Court of Appeal.
The Court of Appeal upheld Bacon VC's decision, that the trustees were liable for repayment of the £3000 invested in the brickfield. They held that a trustee must exercise the standard of care of an ordinary prudent businessman, applying any special knowledge he may have. Cotton LJ stated,
Lindley LJ followed.
Lopes LJ concurred.
House of Lords.
Lord Watson held that in administering and managing trust property (distinguished from the investment sphere),

</doc>
<doc id="20290167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290167" title="Umbrian regional election, 2000">
Umbrian regional election, 2000

The Umbrian regional election of 2000 took place on 16 April 2000.
Maria Rita Lorenzetti (Democrats of the Left) was elected President, defeating Maurizio Ronconi (Christian Democratic Centre) by a landslide.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20290169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290169" title="Gabrška Gora">
Gabrška Gora

Gabrška Gora () is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church on a hill above the settlement is dedicated to Saints Primus and Felician. It has 13th-century Romanesque origins, but was rebuilt several times. The main altar is from 1911 with two side altars from the early 19th and 20th centuries. Its bell dates from 1719.

</doc>
<doc id="20290176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290176" title="Advocate General for Northern Ireland">
Advocate General for Northern Ireland

The Advocate General for Northern Ireland is the chief legal adviser to the UK Government on Northern Ireland law and the post is held by the Attorney General for England and Wales by virtue of that office. The Advocate General and the Solicitor General for England and Wales have, in Northern Ireland, the same rights of audience as members of the Bar of Northern Ireland. 
The Advocate General was created as a separate office upon the devolution of policing and justice powers to the Northern Ireland Assembly on 12 April 2010.
Unlike the Advocate General for Scotland, the position is not supported by a distinct government department. Instead, that support is provided by the civil law and Northern Ireland section within the Attorney General's Office at Westminster.
The chief legal adviser to the Northern Ireland Executive is the Attorney General for Northern Ireland. John Larkin QC was appointed to that position on 24 May 2010 by the First Minister of Northern Ireland and deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20290183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290183" title="Yonsei (Japanese diaspora)">
Yonsei (Japanese diaspora)

The character and uniqueness of the "Yonsei" is recognized in its social history. The "Yonsei" are the subject of on-going academic research in the United States and Japan.
History.
The earliest organized group of Japanese emigrants settled in Mexico in 1897, Today, the four largest populations of Japanese and descendants of Japanese immigrants live in Brazil, the United States, Canada and Peru. 
"Yonsei" is a term used in geographic areas outside of Japan to specify the child of at least one "Sansei" (third generation) parent, who is the child of at least one "Nisei" (second generation), who is the child of at least one "Issei" parent. An Issei is a Japanese person who emigrated from Japan. Typically, if a person is "Yonsei," more than one of his or her great-grandparents were born in Japan.
Brazilian "Yonsei".
Brazil is home to the largest Japanese population outside of Japan, numbering an estimate of more than 1.5 million (including those of mixed-race or mixed-ethnicity), more than that of the 1.2 million in the United States. The "Yonsei" Japanese Brazilians are statistically significant component of that ethnic minority in that South American nation, comprising 12.95% of the Japanese Brazilian population in 1987.
American "Yonsei".
The term "Yonsei" Japanese American refers generally to "Yonsei" citizens of the United States, but the term's usage is flexible—describing both "emigrant" and "immigrant" experiences. Most of the interned Japanese-Peruvian "Nisei" who were deported from Peru during World War II became naturalized American citizens; but they considered their naturalized children as "Sansei," meaning three generations away from the emigrants who had sailed to South America at the turn of the century. From this perspective, the sons and daughters of these formerly stateless refugees would be "Yonsei," even as offspring of parents who would be otherwise categorized as "Issei" or "first generation" immigrants would also be called "Nisei."
While the Japanese Americans were the largest ethnic group in Hawai'i for more than sixty years (1900–1960), their numbers have decreased since then. The Hawaiian "Yonsei" don't have to be actively involved in the creation of their group ethnic identity and they tend to dichotomize their American and Japanese heritage. As of 2008, the U.S. "yonsei" generation had been the subject of relatively few academic studies. Notable among the literature to date on "yonsei" is Carrie Takahata's 2002 poem "Making Yonsei", in which she compares and contrasts the "yonsei" generation with previous Hawaiian Japanese generations. 
The "yonsei" differ from previous generation of Japanese-Americans in that the overt discrimination, World War II and the internment camps which overshadowed the lives of previous generations are concepts unrelated to their daily existence. Due to a lack of obvious struggles or difficulties faced by previous generations of Japanese-Americans, the "yonsei" are sometimes called the "spoiled generation". The "yonsei" generation in Hawai'i can be compared to white Americans in the continental U.S. The "yonsei" have an equal, if not higher, educational, economic and political status as their continental white counterparts, and also have a low immigration rate, as Japanese immigration has declined since 1965. Also, intermarriage with non-Japanese became common in the Japanese American community in the 1960s. Intermarriage among Japanese Americans was at approximately 50% by the 1970s, and at 70% in the 1990s. This cultural distance from the original homeland results in a "symbolic" expression of ethnicity seen in both the continental white and the Hawaiian "yonsei" groups. Outside of the continental white population, the "yonsei" of Hawai'i are one of the few U.S. ethnic groups that express their ethnicity in a "symbolic" way.
While members of the "sansei" and "yonsei" generation may visit Japan, they tend to see this activity only as tourism. Japanese cultural structure is generally not present among the "yonsei" generation. According to a 2006 study of "yonsei" women in Hawai'i, this generation of Japanese-Americans tends to assert their ethnicity in such "symbolic" ways as the celebration of holidays and ceremonies associated with Japan, eating ethnic foods, and the use of Japanese middle-names. The study noted that the "yonsei" generation considered its ethnicity to be less important than did previous generations of Japanese-Americans. Cheryl Lynn Sullivan, an ethnic research who specializes in the Japanese-American community of California, wrote, "It is common in the Japanese American community not to consider yonsei Japanese American -- they are 'just plain Americans.' This is especially true of children who are the offspring of Japanese American-Euro-American marriages." Others celebrate their ancestry in cultural exchanges based around youth and sports events, e.g. Yonsei Basketball Association. 
According to a 2011 columnist in "The Rafu Shimpo" of Los Angeles, "Younger Japanese Americans are more culturally American than Japanese" and "other than some vestigial cultural affiliations, a "Yonsei" or "Gosei" is simply another American."
Different organizations were created within the Japanese American community in order for the children of these Japanese American families to have a place where they could partake in different extracurricular activities, such as basketball, golf, baseball, etc. One such organization was the Yonsei Basketball Association, which was created in 1993 by Frank Kiyomura. Its mission statement is, "Our program was founded with a goal of providing a cultural exchange program for Fourth Generation Japanese-American youth from Southern California. We want to provide an opportunity for all participants to experience their heritage and cultural roots. In addition, we hope to provide a goodwill exchange of ideas and cultures by living with local Japanese families." Every year they give out scholarships to selected children from the Japanese American community and assembles both a boy's and girl's team together to send and play in a tournament over in Japan. 
Canadian "Yonsei".
Within Japanese-Canadian communities across Canada, distinct generational subgroups developed, each with different sociocultural referents, generational identity, and wartime experiences.
Peruvian "Yonsei".
Among the approximately 80,000 Peruvians of Japanese descent, the "Yonsei" Japanese Peruvians are an expanding element.
Cultural profile.
Generations.
The term "Nikkei" (日系) was coined by a multinational group of sociologists and encompasses all of the world's Japanese immigrants across generations. The collective memory of the "Issei" and older "Nisei" was an image of Meiji Japan from 1870 through 1911, which contrasted sharply with the Japan that newer immigrants had more recently left. These differing attitudes, social values and associations with Japan were often incompatible with each other. In this context, the significant differences in life experiences and opportunities has done little to mitigate the gaps which separated generational perspectives amongst their children and grandchildren.
The "Yonsei," their parents, their grandparents, and their children are changing the way they look at themselves and their pattern of accommodation to the non-Japanese majority.
There are currently just over one hundred thousand British Japanese, mostly in London; but unlike other "Nikkei" communities elsewhere in the world, these Britons do not conventionally parse their communities in generational terms as "Issei," "Nisei," or "Sansei."
Notable individuals.
The number of "yonsei" who have earned some degree of public recognition has continued to increase over time; but the quiet lives of those whose names are known only to family and friends are no less important in understanding the broader narrative of the "nikkei." Although the names highlighted here are over-represented by "sansei" from North America, the Latin American member countries of the Pan American Nikkei Association (PANA) include Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay, in addition to the English-speaking United States and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20290200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290200" title="International organization membership of Uzbekistan">
International organization membership of Uzbekistan

Uzbekistan is a member of the following international organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="20290220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290220" title="Wasted Heart">
Wasted Heart

Wasted Heart is the first EP, and third release overall, by American hard rock band Loaded.
Background.
Following Scott Weiland's departure from Velvet Revolver on April 21, 2008 Loaded decided to regroup and record a new full length album, with Velvet Revolver being put on hiatus until a new singer was found. After a few jam sessions, Loaded began recording what would become "Sick" with "Dark Days" producer Martin Feveyear at Jupiter Studios in Seattle, Washington. After signing a deal with Century Media the band began performing under the moniker "Duff McKagan's Loaded" to help promote the band further.
"Wasted Heart" was released September 22, 2008 to coincide with their European Tour although it was available before the release date during the UK Tour. A music video for the song "No More" was shot to promote the EP.
All of the EP tracks were later featured on Loaded's second album "Sick" with the exception of the EP exclusive track "Executioner's Song" as well as "Wasted Heart" (the EP version is acoustic while the album version is electric). "Exectuioner's Song" was later re-recorded for the band's third album "The Taking", released in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20290240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290240" title="Brenda Walker (Emmerdale)">
Brenda Walker (Emmerdale)

Brenda Walker is a fictional character from the British soap opera, "Emmerdale" played by Lesley Dunlop. She made her first appearance on 2 April 2008. She was introduced as the adoptive mother to Genesis Walker (Sian Reese-Williams). In 2013, Brenda was diagnosed with a brain tumour, one of the character's biggest storylines.
Storylines.
Backstory.
Brenda and her husband Bernard adopted Genesis Pascoe (Sian Reese-Williams), known as Gennie, when she was a baby. They were traditional people and had a good relationship with Gennie. Once Bernard died, Gennie began looking for her birth family and began to move away from the strait-laced life she'd lived. By spring 2008, Gennie had tracked down her birth father and was involved in a serious accident upon her arrival in Emmerdale.
2008—.
Brenda first appeared when she visited Gennie in hospital. She was friendly with Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) only to recoil when she learned he was responsible for the accident. After Gennie recovered, Brenda went home. When Gennie got to know her biological father Shadrach Dingle (Andy Devine) and his family, Brenda was upset. When she saw Gennie involved in a noisy street protest, she asked Gennie to go home with her. She refused, and Brenda again left. Brenda returned in July 2008 and was concerned by the way Gennie had changed. Eager for Gennie to find employment, Brenda lent her some money - thinking it was for hair dressing materials - but Gennie spent it on a hot tub instead. When Gennie refused to go home with Brenda, she said she would stay until Gennie changed her mind. Soon, Gennie got a job at Eric Pollard's (Chris Chittell) factory, and Brenda got a job at the Post Office/Café in the village, working for Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw). Bob moved in with Jamie Hope (Alex Carter) and Terry Woods (Billy Hartman) and rent out his flat so Brenda rented it for her and Gennie.
Brenda and Bob initially clashed when Brenda tried to remodel the cafe, but Brenda soon developed feelings for Bob, and took a more active role in his personal life. When Bob realised what was happening, he decided to fix her up with Terry. Brenda was reluctant, but to convince Gennie that she had no feelings for Bob, she kissed Terry during the bonfire night celebrations. Brenda became more interested in Terry but also became insecure, as she'd only ever been with her late husband. Val Pollard (Charlie Hardwick) convinced her to go a diet, which she did - an all-cabbage diet. Her first date with Terry was ruined by her constant trips to the bathroom. Terry thought she thought he was fat, and Bob told him to try self-affirmation exercises. Terry stood in front of his bedroom mirror in nothing but his boxers, telling himself how sexy he was and how Brenda couldn't resist him. Unfortunately, Brenda walked in on him, and thought he was a pervert. Terry followed her to the Woolpack and they quarrelled, he belittled her for only being with her late husband. Brenda was furious. The next day, Bob told Brenda how long Terry had been alone, and Brenda decided to try to patch things up with him.
For their next date, Val, Bob, and Betty Eagleton (Paula Tilbrook) convinced Brenda to wear a sexy dress and vamp Terry, but Terry was put off by her aggressiveness. He followed her home to apologise, and they began to kiss. Deciding to take their time, they spent the night in a room at the B&B. Now that they were officially dating, Brenda became concerned that Terry's young son T.J. didn't like her, as he frequently interrupted them when they were trying to have alone time. Brenda tried bribing him but stopped when Terry opened TJ's lunch box one day and found it packed with sweets. Brenda, Bob and Terry decided to spend Christmas together with their children. Unfortunately soon after, Terry received a letter from TJ's grandmother and his ex, Jean, asking if TJ would like to visit her in Morocco. Brenda convinced Terry to go with TJ for a Christmas break but a few weeks later, Terry emailed, telling her that Jean had been in an accident and he and TJ were staying to look after her. Brenda was suspicious of Jean but tried to stay positive. She began trying to convince Gennie not to go on holiday and asked Gennie to let her tag along. Finally, Brenda booked her own room, and Gennie agreed to go on holiday with her. When Terry returned, Brenda had gone with friend Douglas Potts (Duncan Preston) to the Wylde family's party at Home Farm. Terry crashed the party and explained to Brenda, who was happy to have him back.
Douglas and Brenda worked on a project for the children of the village. Known as Emmerdale Explorers and funded primarily by Natasha Wylde (Amanda Donohoe), they came up with various games and crafts. Douglas was annoyed by Terry's suggestions and felt shut out. Emmerdale Explorers was a success, but in March 2009, Natasha's young son Will was upset when she refused to let him go on an Explorers overnight campout. The next morning, Will was missing, and Natasha assumed he'd gone to Explorers and berated Douglas and Brenda. Although she later learned that Will had spent the night in the bushes at Home Farm, Douglas was angry over the way she had treated him, and he returned her donation. Brenda's co-worker, Bob, struggled to make ends meet, due to the credit crunch and Viv's fraud conviction. Although initially reluctant, Brenda persuaded him to sell her half of the business. Douglas, resentful of her relationship with Terry, and made Bob and Terry doubt Brenda's motives for wanting to buy into the business. Brenda was furious that Terry doubted her and Bob called off the deal. When she discovered that Doug was responsible, she poured a pint over his head and told him to mind his own business. 
Relations between Bob and Brenda further deteriorated after money was stolen from the cash and carry delivery guy. Before the theft, Brenda had chatted to the delivery man and he assumed that Bob and Brenda had planned to steal the money back. He told Bob he'd make sure he didn't get credit from anyone in the area and Bob blamed Brenda. She walked out angrily but returned after Bob apologised. Bob revealed exactly how bad things had become and was about to sell the building when Brenda told him she had the cash to pay off the debts in return for 50% of the business. Brenda had planned to sell her house and pay off the loan but no one was interested in buying her house, causing her to fall into arrears on the loan. Viv, now released from prison, heard her telling Bob and he urged her to tell Terry but she refused so Viv told Terry for her. Terry loaned Brenda his savings to give her some breathing space. While grateful to Terry for his support, she was furious to discover that Viv had told Terry about her financial problems. Angrily, she told Viv to either mind her own business or buy her out. Viv could not afford to buy her out so she agreed to leave Brenda alone. Later the cafe was set alight later proved to be arson but in the fire Viv was trapped inside and not listening to protests from the other villiagers Terry went back inside the burning building but the cafe exploded and it was later confirmed that Viv and Terry were dead. Brenda later starts a relationship with Bob and is given a granddaughter after Gennie gives birth to her and her fiancé Nikhil Sharma's (Rik Makarem) baby, Molly.
In early 2013, Brenda is diagnosed with a brain tumour after losing centration at the wheel of a car and almost running over rival Val. The doctors advise Brenda to have surgery, but she refuses, much to Gennie's anxiety. Brenda decides not to tell Bob, but confides in his friend Dan Spencer (Liam Fox), leading to Bob thinking that Brenda is having an affair with Dan, and the two men coming to blows outside the café. Brenda reveals that she has a brain tumour, and Bob tells her he will stand by her no matter what. Brenda decides not to have surgery, but after constant nagging from Gennie to have it, Brenda agrees. Nikhil and Gennie bring the date of their wedding forward, which angers Brenda and she tells Gennie that she will not be attending. Brenda also decides not to have surgery to remove the cancer. This leaves Gennie heartbroken, and at the altar just as she is about to marry Nikhil, she has a change of heart, saying she does not want to get married without her mother there. Brenda does eventually attend, but collapses and suffers a seizure whilst there. She is rushed to hospital, but she is told she will be fine. Afterwards, Brenda tells Gennie that she will have surgery. 
Brenda goes to hospital to have her brain tumour removed, with Gennie, Bob, Nikhil and Dan waiting anxiously. The wait proves too much to Gennie, revealing to Nikhil that she wishes she never pushed Brenda to have surgery. Brenda survives the operation, but she has to wait a few weeks before she is told whether the cancer has fully been removed. In May, Brenda is told by the hospital that the cancer could be reoccurring, which unnerves Brenda. She undergoes chemotherapy in the hope that the tumour will not return, but is devastated when her hair starts falling out. She pleas with Gennie to shave all of her hair off, which leaves both Brenda and Gennie distraught. Brenda is reluctant to show Bob her head, but Bob reassures an worried Brenda that he will always love her, with or without hair, so she reveals her head, and the pair passionately kiss, showing Brenda that Bob really does love her. Brenda prepares for her surprise wedding to Bob but he and Dan appear and takes her on a picnic where a brass band appear and Bob proposes to her which she accepts. Later, Dan contacts a helicopter to take them to the wedding venue that Brenda set up and she proposes to Bob which he accepts then they get married by Gennie. 
Days later, Brenda and Bob are at the Woolpack where the police, along with Debbie and Jai appear. They tell them, Chas and Nikhil that Gennie has died, hitting the quartet hard. They reveal that Gennie was in a car accident at the time, but really Chas' serial killer fiancé Cameron Murray (Dominic Power) suffocated Gennie after her crash as she overheard him admitting to killing Carl King (Tom Lister) the previous year. Following this, Brenda becomes good friends with Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton).

</doc>
<doc id="20290242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290242" title="Henry Duckworth">
Henry Duckworth

Henry Edmison Duckworth, (November 1, 1915 – December 18, 2008) was a Canadian physicist and university administrator.
Born in Brandon, Manitoba, Duckworth received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1935, a Bachelor of Science degree in 1936, and a teaching certificate in 1937 from the University of Manitoba. From 1938 to 1940, he taught math and physics at secondary and junior colleges in Manitoba. In 1940, he continued his education, receiving a Ph.D. in Physics from the University of Chicago in 1942.
During World War II, he was a junior scientist with the Royal Canadian Corps of Signals assigned to the National Research Council of Canada. After the war, he an Assistant Professor of Physics at the University of Manitoba from 1945 to 1946. He then was a Professor of Physics at Wesleyan University from 1946 to 1951. From 1951 to 1965, he was a Professor of Physics at McMaster University. From 1961 to 1965, he was the Dean of Graduate Studies at McMaster University.
In 1965, he was appointed vice-president academic at the University of Manitoba. From 1971 to 1981, he was the second president of the University of Winnipeg. From 1986 to 1992, he was the tenth chancellor of the University of Manitoba.
From 1971 to 1972, he was the president of the Royal Society of Canada. In 2000, he released his memoirs "One Version of the Facts: My Life in the Ivory Tower" (ISBN 0887556701).
In 1976, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada for "his contributions to physics at university education and his service on numerous scientific and educational bodies".
On December 18, 2008, he died after having suffered a series of strokes, that started shortly after his birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="20290250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290250" title="Commemorative coins of Australia">
Commemorative coins of Australia

Coins of the Australian dollar are circulated with different designs depicting various anniversaries or significant Australian events, these differing coin designs being labelled Australian commemorative coins. Typically, only the 20c, 50c and $1 coins have been minted in commemoration, however in 2012 a commemorative $2 coin was minted for Remembrance Day.
2 dollar coin.
Australia's first commemorative $2 coin was released in 2012 to commemorate Australia's involvement in wars.
Circulation releases.
The 2012 commemorative $2 coin was minted to acknowledge Remembrance Day. It features a poppy in the centre on a background of microtext, reading: "remembrance day" and "lest we forget". There are also poppies on either side of the main design. The obverse features the third effigy of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II by Ian Rank-Broadely, and "Australia 2012". A coloured version of the coin is also to be circulated, (with a mintage of around 500,000), as Australia's first coloured circulating coin. As Canada also has coloured circulating coins, Australia is now the second country to do so.
Non-circulation collector coins.
The coloured version of the 2012 coin was first distributed in limited mintage through RSLs, to go along with their traditional red poppy appeal to celebrate the 2012 Remembrance Day. The same coin is also being sold with a 'C' mintmark through the official numismatic program as a collector coin.
1 dollar coin.
Not all years have issues for circulation with 1987, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992 only in mintpacks. Issue 1984, 1985, 1994, 1995, 1998, 2000, 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2008 are the only issue with the Kangaroo portrait. Some uncirculated coins have the mintmarks for Melbourne, Sydney, Perth, Brisbane, Adelaide and Canberra and were issues for the show periods.

</doc>
<doc id="20290260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290260" title="Marcel-Bruno Gensoul">
Marcel-Bruno Gensoul

Marcel-Bruno Gensoul (12 October 1880 - 30 December 1973) was a French admiral who commanded the Force de Raid, based at Brest until the French surrender in 1940. At that time, the force was transferred to Mers El Kébir in French North Africa.
Gensoul was subsequently involved in unsuccessful negotiations with the British admiral, James Somerville, which culminated in the bombardment and destruction of the French Fleet on July 3, 1940. Gensoul never commented on these events.

</doc>
<doc id="20290265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290265" title="Mariano Yenko">
Mariano Yenko

Colonel Mariano Yenko was the 2nd commissioner of the Philippine Basketball Association. He also served as the Assistant Executive Secretary under Ramon Magsaysay and as Philippine Airlines' Vice-President Corporate Secretary. [http://www.flightglobal.com/pdfarchive/view/1980/1980%20-%201965.html Ateneo de Manila University's Audio-Visual Room at the Moro Lorenzo Sports Complex was named after him. His son Ignatius Yenko served as PBA's Chairman and as PLDT's First Vice President.[http://www.pldt.com.ph/ir/annualreports/ar2001_main.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="20290305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290305" title="Rey Marquez">
Rey Marquez

Reynaldo Marquez was the 4th commissioner of the Philippine Basketball Association. He also served as a member of the league's board of governors, representing Formula Shell before being appointed as commissioner.

</doc>
<doc id="20290320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290320" title="Godešič">
Godešič

Godešič (; in older sources also "Godešiče", ) is a village on the right bank of the Sora River in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas and is Romanesque in its origins based on archaeological evidence of an apse found when the floor of the current church was being renovated. At the end of the 14th century a Gothic church was built on the site; a painted east facade, dated to circa 1400, survives. The church was expanded in 1852. Inside, 16th-century frescos by Jernej of Loka survive in the sanctuary.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Godešič include:

</doc>
<doc id="20290348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290348" title="Parc botanique de Neuvic">
Parc botanique de Neuvic

The Parc botanique de Neuvic (6 hectares) is a botanical garden located in Neuvic-Sur-L'Isle, Dordogne, Aquitaine, France. It is open daily in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged when in flower.
The park is located on an island, and surrounds a château built in 1520 with both medieval and 18th century elements. Since 1950 the château has served as a home for children operated by the "Fondation Hospice des Orphelines de Périgueux".
The botanical park was established in 1993 by the "Société Botanique du Périgord", the "Syndicat d'Initiative de Neuvic", and the "Institut Médico-Educatif", and opened to the public in 1995. It currently contains about 1,000 plants representing 30 genera, primarily those indigenous to Dordogne, including oak, maple, dogwood, magnolia, willow, and old varieties of apple, as well as deutzia, hibiscus, hydrangea, and peony. The park also contains a romantic grotto in the style of the 18th century. 

</doc>
<doc id="20290360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290360" title="Active ageing">
Active ageing

Active ageing (active aging in the US) is a recent concept (2002) developed by the European Commission and used also in Human Resource Management. This concept evokes the idea of longer activity, with a higher retirement age and working practices adapted to the age of the employee.
Background.
Europeans demography shifts towards an elder population with lower birth rates. This will have repercussions on the European economy as less and less active people will support the social costs of health-care and pension of those who stopped working.
The EU-Commission has fixed 2 targets for 2010:
References.
Euractiv.com
EU-Commission (2002)

</doc>
<doc id="20290362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290362" title="Darrell Till">
Darrell Till

Darrell Till (b. 1975 in Blackpool, Lancashire) is an English singer-songwriter, composer, and author. His work as a composer to the soundtrack of Prism Award winning short film Post Apocalyptic Bunny Makes Toast brought him to the attention of the public in 2003. His longest running musical project is the band Men From Earth which has also produced many notable works including a tribute song to the late Douglas Adams titled The Salmon of Doubt, which was reported in a Yahoo poll to be among the most downloaded tracks of 2001, a cover of They Might Be Giants "Put Your Hand Inside the Puppet Head" that appeared on the tribute album We Might Be Giants Too, Two, and more recently the song I Faked The Moon Landing which featured on the Craig Pilling Show on British radio station Rock FM. His other band The Ohms released one album "Out There" in 2004 which gained awards from music website GarageBand.com. The music video to The Ohms "Sell Out Story" won the "2004 Mill Award for new media Animation".
He is also co-founder of the media production company Tiny Lapel. As well as co-writing and performing in many of the videos produced by Tiny Lapel, the videos invariably also feature his music.
Till is currently working on a second Men From Earth album to be titled "New, Clear Ways to Land", an untitled comicbook project, a soundtrack to the upcoming Randomers multimedia comic, and another unknown comedy script which he is known to be co-writing with fellow Tiny Lapel founder Russell Payne.
Discography.
Throughout his career, he has released numerous studio albums, live albums, EPs, and singles. He has also collaborated on many other musical projects.

</doc>
<doc id="20290367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290367" title="John Bird (entrepreneur)">
John Bird (entrepreneur)

John Bird MBE (born 30 January 1946) is a British social entrepreneur. He is best known as the founder of "The Big Issue", a magazine that is edited by professional journalists and sold by street vendors affected by homelessness.
Early life.
John Bird was born in Notting Hill, London to a poor London Irish family. He became homeless at the age of five, resided in an orphanage between the ages of seven and ten, and went into prison in his teenage years. He slept rough on the streets of London and returned to prison in his late twenties.
The Big Issue and work with the homeless.
In September 1991 he launched "The Big Issue" with Gordon Roddick and in November 1995 he launched The Big Issue Foundation to further aid the homeless. He is currently on the Board of Directors for the company and the Board of Trustees for the foundation. The Big Issue magazine started as a local London venture, but expanded with specific editions and services to other British cities, and then to other countries.
In 2001, with Big Issue Chairman Nigel Kershaw, John helped found The Big Issue Invest, a provider of finance for businesses with the aim of creating social change. Initially just dealing in loan finance, in 2009 The Big Issue Invest launched a social investment fund.
In June 1995 Bird was awarded the MBE for ‘services to homeless people’, and in 2006 he received the Beacon Fellowship Prize for his energy and originality in raising awareness of homelessness and his support of homeless communities worldwide.
In 2006 he set up the Wedge Card, an Internet-based loyalty card system designed to support small business and local enterprise, with the slogan "Think local. Shop local".
Political aspirations.
A member of the Workers Revolutionary Party in the 1970s, in March 2007 he announced his intention to stand for election to the post of Mayor of London as an independent candidate. In May 2007 he unveiled his election manifesto for the 2008 poll.
In October 2007 he announced that he had decided not to stand for election, and was instead going to launch a movement that was "going to try and do what the CND did over the bomb, but over social injustice." 
In December 2007 he agreed with Westminster Council who declared that they were opposed to the presence of soup kitchens on the streets of London. He said:
We have to stop supplying people with the means of being emergency refugees on the streets... no one has ever got off the streets simply because they've been fed a good bowl of soup.
In 2010 he helped to launch the writers website abctales.com
In the early 21st century, Bird became a Social Enterprise Ambassador. Social enterprises use a business to address a social or environmental need. The Social Enterprise Ambassadors programme is led by the Social Enterprise Coalition and is supported by the Office of the Third Sector, part of the UK government's Cabinet Office.
Bird revealed in 2010 "My guilty secret is that I’m really a working class Tory. There, I’ve said it. I’d love to be a liberal because they’re the nice people but it’s really hard work – I can’t swallow their gullibility and I think their ideas are stupid. I’d love to be someone who wanders around in a kind of Utopian paradise seeing only the good in everybody but I just can’t. I support capital punishment for a start. I know this will destroy my reputation among middle-class liberals but I’m 64 now and I should be able to breathe a bit. Wearing the corsetry of liberalism means that every now and then you have to take it off."
Honorary Doctorate.
John Bird was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Business from Plymouth University in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20290397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290397" title="Māori poetry">
Māori poetry

Traditional Māori poetry was always sung or chanted, musical rhythms rather than linguistic devices served to distinguish it from prose. There is a large store of traditional chants and songs. Rhyme or assonance were not devices used by the Māori; only when a given text is sung or chanted will the metre become apparent. The lines are indicated by features of the music. The language of poetry tends to differ stylistically from prose. Typical features of poetic diction are the use of synonyms or contrastive opposites, and the repetition of key words. As with poetry in other languages: "Archaic words are common, including many which have lost any specific meaning and acquired a religious mystique. Abbreviated, sometimes cryptic utterances and the use of certain grammatical constructions not found in prose are also common" (Biggs 1966:447–448).

</doc>
<doc id="20290455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290455" title="Junjun Cabatu">
Junjun Cabatu

Santiago S. Cabatu, Jr. (born on June 25, 1984 in Cagayan, Philippines), better known as Junjun Cabatu, is a Filipino professional basketball player who played for the San Miguel Beermen in the Asean Basketball League till 2011. He is now playing for the Jobstreet.com Singapore Slingers. Known by many because of his father Santiago "Sonny" Cabatu, Sr., who is a former PBA player and was the very first draft pick of the league in 1985. He played high school basketball at St. Vincent School of Quezon City along with his elder brother Christian Cabatu and some notable players like Percival Cendana and Christian Anlacan to name a few. They won the National Championship and represented Manila selection in the Palarong Pambansa 2003 which they finished 2nd place behind Cebu selection. 

</doc>
<doc id="20290474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290474" title="Umberto Tirelli">
Umberto Tirelli

Umberto Tirelli was born in 1928 in Gualtieri, a town in Emilia near the River Po. He died in 1992. Tirelli was an Italian tailor, costume maker and designer, historian of costume and collector.
He was the oldest of four siblings and he spent his youth bottling wine with his father who was a wine and grains merchant. He wanted to become a teacher but this idea didn't last long. At the age of sixteen he discovered he had a love of clothing by frequenting the home of Luigi Bigi, a tailor who lived in the same town and who reproduced French fashion in Milan in the 1930s. In 1952, Giorgio Sarassi who, with Bigi's help, had made his fortune in the business of fabrics for high fashion, found Tirelli a job in Milan: a delivery boy and display designer for Marco, a fabric shop in the Via Montenapoleone. Almost directly across the street was the boutique of "Mirsa" where Beppe Modenese worked with Paola Carola. In order to save money, in order "to survive because our pay was minimal," Tirelli recalled in his autobiography, "Vestire i sogni" (written with Guido Vergani for the Feltrinelli publishing house), Tirelli and Modenese decided to rent a place together.
In 1955, at the age of 27 he met Pia Rame and Carlo Mezzadri who had just purchased the theatrical costume maker "Finzi". They offered him a chance to try out. There he met Mila de Nobili who was making the costumes for Maria Callas in La Traviata de Luchino Visconti staged at La Scala in 1955. Therefore he met Luchino Visconti and also Piero Tosi, who was also a costume designer and worked several times with Visconti, specially in the films Il Gattopardo and Death in Venice for which he was nominated to the Academy Awards. He was able to participate in La Traviata by making the costumes for the femminine chorus. Before his death he worked on the costumes of another version of La traviata, this time by Muti, with Gabriella Pescucci.
Then he moved to Rome to work in the Sartoria Safas for the sisters Emma and Gita Maggioni until 1964 when he set up in business for himself. He learned about the costume filology thanks to Gino Censani.
He was a costume collector, defining himself as "A fashion archeologist". He used to say that he did "the archeological expeditions" every time he bought a costume. Concetta Garzoni used to sell him costumes from the Noble class and that were almost new, only used once for a ball or other special occasion.
Tirelli's costume collection was used for cinema and theater. He had a passion for authenticity and collectionism that reflects in the film Morte a Venezia (1971) from Luchino Visconti where he dressed up Silvana Mangano; Most of the costumes in the film were authentic. The objective of using authentic costumes was to make the movements of the actors heavier and make them look more realistic. The sketches for the costumes of Morte a Venezia were done by Piero Tosi.
He worked with the biggest names of theater costumes in the second half of the twentieth century, from De Nobili, Piero Tosi, Pierluigi Pizzi, Luciano Damiani, and Danilo Donati to Gabriella Pescucci, Vera Marzot, Gitt Magrini, Ezio Frigerio, Milena Canonero, Marcel Escoffier, and Maurizio Monteverde. His contribution was essential to them in terms of culture, philology of fashion, the recovery of age-old techniques, the quest for authentic outfits (he had a Collection of 15,000 items, dating from the seventeenth century to the days of Chanel and Dior) in almost archaeological excavations in attics, lofts, abandoned armoires, among the rags of the flea markets.
But in 1968 came the "Anti-fashion movement", the boom of the street-style. The art falls into decay and Tirelli himself says: "Magari c'è intelligenza, ma la vera moda, la ricerca, l'invenzione è cosa del passato". ("Perhaps there is intelligence, but the true fashion, the research, the creativity belong to the past").
In 1986, Tirelli donated 100 authentic outfits and 100 theatrical costumes to the Galleria del Costume of Palazzo Pitti in Florence. Since his death, his "sartoria" has been run by Dino Trappetti, Gabriella Pescucci and Giorgio D'Alberti.

</doc>
<doc id="20290500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290500" title="Alex Crisano">
Alex Crisano

Alex Vincent Crisano (born February 26, 1976), is a Filipino American professional basketball player who currently plays for the GlobalPort Batang Pier in the Philippine Basketball Association. He played for the Philippine Patriots from 2010-2011.
First Years.
He was directly hired by the Barangay Ginebra Kings in 2000. However, his stay with the Gin Kings was cut at the end of the 2004 PBA Fiesta Conference. He also played for the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters that were known as the Phone Pals.
Return to Barangay Ginebra.
Before the start of the 2008 PBA Fiesta Conference, the management of Ginebra announced that Crisano will return for the team. From their, his game as an energy player and a crowd favorite was seen by the fans. He helped the team beat the Air21 Express in the finals 4-3.
Barako Bull.
After two conferences with Ginebra, he was acquired by the Barako Bull Energy Boosters during the 2009 PBA Fiesta Conference where he became the leader of the team. At the 2009-10 Philippine Cup, he had a career season averaging 8.9 points 6.2 rebounds and 32 percent from the 3-point line. However, the team did not make the playoffs finishing at the bottom of the standings with a 3-15 record. Also, due to financial problems of the franchise, he was not able to stay with the team for the following conference.
Philippine Patriots.
He was chosen as one of the players for the Philippine Patriots in the Asean Basketball League alongside Allan Salangsang and Egay Billones to defend their title. However, they lost to the Chang Thailand Slammers in the finals.
Powerade Tigers.
After his stint with the Patriots, he was acquired by the Powerade Tigers to boost up their frontline.

</doc>
<doc id="20290534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290534" title="SB-699,551">
SB-699,551

SB-699,551 is a drug which was the first compound developed to act as a selective antagonist for the serotonin receptor 5-HT5A, with selectivity of around 100x over other serotonin receptor subtypes. The function of the 5-HT5A receptor remains poorly defined, but SB-699,551 was found to modulate serotonin release from neurons, suggesting it acts as a presynaptic inhibitory autoreceptor similar to the 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors. Multiple therapeutic roles have been suggested for 5-HT5A ligands due to the presence of this receptor in several areas of the brain, but research is still at an early stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20290537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290537" title="Blissfield High School">
Blissfield High School

Blissfield High School is a public high school serving grades 9-12 in Blissfield, Michigan, United States.
History.
Prior to 1958, the district was served by a series of smaller rural schools. The initial nickname for the school district was the Blissfield Sugar Boys. This name referred to the large sugar beet production in the area. When the current high school opened in the fall of 1958, the name was changed to the Blissfield Royals. Burdett Peebles was the first principal of the new school.

</doc>
<doc id="20290554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290554" title="Willy Wilson">
Willy Wilson

William Joel Wilson (born on January 30, 1980), also known as Willy Wilson and Willie Wilson, is a Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association for Barako Bull Energy. He spent his college years playing in De La Salle University before being drafted fifteenth overall by the Alaska Aces in the 2004 PBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20290597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290597" title="Grassed waterway">
Grassed waterway

A grassed waterway consists in a to 48-metre-wide (157 ft) native grassland strip of green belt. It is generally installed in the thalweg, the deepest continuous line along a valley or watercourse, of a cultivated dry valley in order to control erosion. A study carried out on a grassed waterway during 8 years in Bavaria showed that it can lead to several other types of positive impacts, e.g. on biodiversity.
Distinctions.
Confusion between "grassed waterways" and "vegetative filter strips" should be avoided. The latter are generally narrower (only a few metres wide) and rather installed along rivers as well as along or within cultivated fields. However, buffer strip can be a synonym, with shrubs and trees added to the plant component, as does a riparian zone.
Runoff and erosion mitigation.
Runoff generated on cropland during storms or long winter rains concentrates in the thalweg where it can lead to rill or gully erosion. 
Rills and gullies further concentrate runoff and speed up its transfer, which can worsen damage occurring downstream. This can result in a muddy flood. 
In this context, a grassed waterway allows increasing soil cohesion and roughness. It also prevents the formation of rills and gullies. Furthermore, it can slow down runoff and allow its re-infiltration during long winter rains. In contrast, its infiltration capacity is generally not sufficient to reinfiltrate runoff produced by heavy spring and summer storms. It can therefore be useful to combine it with extra measures, like the installation of earthen dams across the grassed waterway, in order to buffer runoff temporarily.

</doc>
<doc id="20290612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290612" title="Djeoromitxi language">
Djeoromitxi language

Djeoromitxi or Jabutí is a nearly extinct Yabutian language that as of 1990 was spoken by only five people in Rondônia, Brazil, at the headwaters of the Rio Branco.

</doc>
<doc id="20290669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290669" title="The Last Kinection">
The Last Kinection

The Last Kinection is an Indigenous hip-hop group from Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia. The band was formed in 2006 by Joel Wenitong, DJ Jay Tee (both from Local Knowledge) and Naomi Wenitong (Shakaya). The Last Kinection first came to attention with its reworking of the Peter Allen song, "I Still Call Australia Home". 
History.
Elefant Tracks.
In June 2010, The Last Kinection was officially signed to Independent, Sydney record label Elefant Traks who released the band's second album, "Next of Kin", in 2011.
Touring.
In 2009, the band supported Public Enemy. They followed this up with a national tour beginning in July. 
Accident.
In September 2008, the band was involved in a car accident, with Naomi Wenitong and DJ Jay Tee receiving serious injuries. Wenitong sustained a broken femur, jaw, wrist, ribs, fractured pelvis, head injuries and was left in a coma. The accident was featured in an episode of the "Crash Investigation Unit" TV series.
Awards.
The band has won Deadly Awards in 2009 and 2010 for outstanding achievement in R 'n' B and hip hop and in 2011 for Best Band and Best Single. In 2012, The Last Kinection received the Deadly award for "Best Band of the Year".

</doc>
<doc id="20290678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290678" title="Amanda O">
Amanda O

Amanda O is a comedy, an Internet television series in Argentina produced by Dori Media Group (Dori Media Contenidos). The show features a cast headed by Natalia Oreiro as Amanda O and Luciano Castro as Dante. The show will be on internet at Novebox.com [http://www.novebox.com], with a summary on television issued by América 2. It consists of about 120 very short episodes, each approximately eight minutes long. This telenovela has characteristics of a nightmare, dystopia, and science fiction, being drastically different from standard telenovelas, at least approaching serious drama.
Amanda O is the first telenovela made for internet that can also be downloaded on mobile phones and will have a weekly summary on the TV screen.
The programme was seen by 550,000 users over Novebox.com, from Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay during its first season and beginning of the second.
This series is the second Hispanic TV program dubbed in English language in the Philippines through Q (a subsidiary of GMA Network), next to Ka Ina, which was dubbed in English through Citynet Television, which was a former subsidiary of GMA Network.
"Amanda O" won a merit award and was given two nominations in the 2009 "Martin Fierro Awards": for Best Comedy Series and for Best Actress in a Comedy Series (Natalia Oreiro). The Merit Award came from The Accolade Competition for Internet Site Streaming indicating exceptional achievement in craft and creativity or standout entertainment or contribution to great social change.

</doc>
<doc id="20290712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290712" title="Holly Springs Sun">
Holly Springs Sun

Holly Springs Sun was a weekly newspaper based in Fuquay-Varina, North Carolina covering Holly Springs. It closed in 2013.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="20290754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290754" title="The Chronicles of Tornor">
The Chronicles of Tornor

The Chronicles of Tornor is a fantasy series by American lesbian author Elizabeth A. Lynn. The first book in the series, "Watchtower" (1979), won a World Fantasy Award for Best Novel; its sequel, "The Dancers of Arun" (1979) was nominated for a World Fantasy Award in the same year. It is one of the earliest fantasy series to feature positive gay protagonists whose relationships are an unremarkable part of the cultural background, as well as to present explicit and sympathetic depictions of same-sex love. The third title in the series is "Northern Girl" (1980).
Reception.
Richard A. Lupoff praised "Watchtower" for its "characterization, the solidity of structure and the accomplishment of narration."

</doc>
<doc id="20290776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290776" title="Uncial 0211">
Uncial 0211

Uncial 0211 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 051 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 7th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels, on 258 parchment leaves (27 cm by 19.5 cm). Written in two columns per page, 8 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
The text-type of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the K1. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Kx in Luke 1, in Luke 10 it has a mixture of the Byzantine families, in Luke 20 it has mixed text. In Luke 1 it belongs to the textual cluster 1213; it is related to the Codex Campianus in Luke 10 and Luke 20.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1953.
The codex currently is housed at the Georgian National Center of Manuscripts (Gr. 27) in Tbilisi, Georgia (not to be confused with the American state).

</doc>
<doc id="20290784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290784" title="Arbujad">
Arbujad

Arbujad (English as "sorcerers" or "soothsayers") was the collective name for a loose group of eight Estonian poets, which represented a new direction in Estonian poetry before the outbreak of World War II. 
Members.
The literary group included the young Estonian poets Betti Alver, Bernard Kangro, Uku Masing, Kersti Merilaas, Mart Raud, August Sang, Heiti Talvik and Paul Viiding, all born between 1904 to 1914. Most of them came from the student association Veljesto, which was active at the University of Tartu.
Program.
The name Arbujad comes from the title of an anthology of poems published by Ants Oras in 1938 titled ""Arbujad. Valimik uusimat eesti lüürikat"" ("Shamen. A selection of the latest Estonian Poetry"). While group's poetic works tended to be eclectic, there was a common desire among members to reach a deeper intellectual and emotional plane. The poets were for the freedom and independence of the people while being against ideological coercion and totalitarian concepts.
Significance.
The Soviet occupation of Estonia two years after the publication of Oras' anthology abruptly ended this period of Estonian poetry. The Arbujad however had great influence upon a new generation of Estonian poets. 

</doc>
<doc id="20290810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290810" title="Lazer Beam (disambiguation)">
Lazer Beam (disambiguation)

Lazer Beam could mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20290812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290812" title="Walton Hall, Walton-on-Trent">
Walton Hall, Walton-on-Trent

Walton Hall is an 18th-century country house situated in the village of Walton on Trent, Derbyshire. It is a Grade II* listed building but is in slow decay and is officially registered on the Buildings At Risk Register.
The Manor of Walton was owned by the Ferrers family from the 14th century until they sold it in 1680 to Richard Taylor. In 1723 William Taylor (High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1727) replaced the old manor house with the present structure. Built in red brick, the house presents a three storey balustraded entrance front with seven bays and four full height pilasters. The stable block attached at the rear of the house is in a similar style.
In 1773 the estate passed from the last of William Taylor's sisters to her heir Edward W Disbrowe MP. Disbrowe's grandson, Edward Cromwell Disbrowe, was born at the house in 1790. On the death of writer Charlotte Anne Albinia Disbrowe in 1918 the estate passed to her heir Lt Col Henry Edward Disbrowe-Wise, who married Katherine Mary Levett-Prinsep, the daughter of Thomas Levett-Prinsep of nearby Croxall Hall. Lt Col Disbrowe-Wise erected the Walton on Trent village hall in 1920 in memory of his benefactress.

</doc>
<doc id="20290829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290829" title="DATAllegro">
DATAllegro

DATAllegro was a company that specializes in datawarehousing applicances. It was founded by Stuart Frost in 2003 inspired by and as a competitor to Data warehouse appliance pioneer Netezza. In contrast to rival Netezza - which still uses "commodity" PowerPC chips - DATAllegro architecture is implemented on all-commodity hardware from OEMs such as Dell Computer Corp., Cisco Systems Inc., and EMC Corp. DATAllegro - like Netezza - uses open source software stack (Ingres DBMS running on Linux). Microsoft announced it had acquired DATAllegro as of September 2008. SQL Server Parallel Data Warehouse is the rebranded DATAllegro on Windows Server with SQL Server

</doc>
<doc id="20290838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290838" title="List of matrilineal or matrilocal societies">
List of matrilineal or matrilocal societies

The following list includes societies that have been identified as matrilineal or matrilocal in ethnographic literature.
"Matrilineal" means property is passed down through the maternal line on the death of the mother, not that of the father.
"Matrilocal" means new families are established in proximity to the brides' extended family of origin, not that of the groom.
Note: "separate" in the marriage column refers to the practice of husbands and wives living in separate locations, often informally called "walking marriages". See the articles for the specific cultures that practice this for further description.

</doc>
<doc id="20290852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290852" title="Arnaha">
Arnaha

Arnaha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20290868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290868" title="Industrial Gothic">
Industrial Gothic

Industrial Gothic is a five-issue comic book limited series written and illustrated by Ted McKeever. It was published in 1995 by Vertigo, edited by Lou Stathis.
Story.
Pencil and Nickel are two inmates of a prison in a dystopian society in which ugliness is a crime. Pencil was born in the prison; Nickel is incarcerated there because she has no arms or legs. They decide to escape, in order to find a semi-mythical place called The Aluminium Tower, in which everyone is accepted no matter what they look like.

</doc>
<doc id="20290882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290882" title="Solomon Mercado">
Solomon Mercado

Solomon Jemuel Mercado (born May 6, 1984) is a Filipino-American professional basketball player who currently plays for the San Miguel Beermen in the Philippine Basketball Association. He was originally drafted by the Alaska Aces as the fifth pick in the 2008 PBA Draft. However, he was immediately traded to the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters, together with Eddie Laure for Joe Devance and the 2009 and 2010 second round picks of Alaska.
PBA career.
Rain or Shine (2008).
With all the focus on Gabe Norwood, that year's first pick overall, and not much hype he scored a record 29 points in his rookie debut game, the highest since Asi Taulava scored 32 points for Mobiline in his debut. Since then, he slowly became one of the PBA elite point guards.
PBA Fiesta Conference 2009.
If not for a hamstring injury that sidelined him in a couple of games into their semifinal series against the Barangay Ginebra Kings, Rain or Shine would have gone farther in the Fiesta Conference. A member of the All-Rookie Team, Mercado finished second to teammate Gabe Norwood for Rookie of the Year honors. The fifth overall pick in 2008 emerged as the team's top scorer with 13.5 points per game and his 4.5 assists per night did not only lead the team but was also number 6 overall among locals. The only glitch in his rookie season was his 2.9 turnovers per game which ranked seventh overall and led the rookies in that category.
Sophomore Season (Philippine Cup).
He has been the team's cornerstone as he always led the Painters to winning games. Against the Coca-Cola Tigers in a knockout game, he scored 28 points to lead them. But unfortunately they would end up short after losing to the Purefoods Tender Juicy Giants.
PBA Fiesta Conference 2010.
He averaged 17.7 points in the eliminations then had a 45 point outburst against the B-Meg Derby Ace Llamados. In another knock out game against the Tigers, he delivered crucial plays, despite fouling out, in a come from behind win. Against the Llamados in Game 3, he almost recorded a triple double with 16 points 15 assists 9 rebounds. But, in Game 5 of the series, they lose to the Llamados.
Smart Gilas.
Mercado is also a member of Philippine National Basketball team Smart Gilas. He was personally handpicked by Rajko Toroman alongside Kelly Williams and Asi Taulava.
The Trade to Meralco.
Before the start of the 2011 PBA Commissioner's Cup, he and Jay-R Reyes were among the eight players involved in the three-way trade between Meralco, Rain or Shine and Air21 in what was easily one of the biggest trades that happened this past season. Mercado, along with Paolo Bugia were shipped to the Bolts. He was still able to perform the same way he did with the Elasto Painters. However, it was not enough for the Bolts to past the eliminations of the latter conferences.
The Trade to GlobalPort.
Before the start of the 2013 PBA Commissioner's Cup, he along with Kelly Nabong, Jaypee Belencion and Yousif Aljamal were traded to GlobalPort Batang Pier for Rey Guevarra, Vic Manuel, Josh Vanlandingham and 2015 first round pick.
The Trade to San Miguel.
Before the start of the 2014 PBA Commissioner's Cup, Mercado is traded to San Miguel in exchange for Alex Cabagnot.
Statistics.
"Correct as of January 10, 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="20290886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290886" title="Bathnaha">
Bathnaha

Bathnaha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20290892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290892" title="Donald L. Campbell">
Donald L. Campbell

Donald Lewis Campbell (August 5, 1904 – September 1, 2002) was an American chemical engineer. He and his team of three other scientists in the same field are most known for having developed the fluid catalytic cracking (FCC) process in 1942. This process provided a more efficient method for petroleum refiners to obtain high-octane gasoline by through the conversion of crude oil. The team’s revolutionary creation is explained in US Patent No. 2,451,804, A Method of and Apparatus for Contacting Solids and Gases, and eventually transformed the way petroleum was developed. Their invention was especially important in World War II, as refiners could finally provide enough fuel for the allies’ fighter planes to battle against the Axis. For his significant contributions to the field of chemical engineering, Campbell was inducted in the National Inventors Hall of Fame in 1999.
Early life.
Donald L. Campbell was born in Clinton, Iowa on August 5, 1904. From an early age, he showed a great fascination towards invention and solving problems. He actively indulged himself in building and problem-solving experiments. At the age of 16, Campbell took part in a national essay contest, which was sponsored by the Department of War. Twelve million contestants participated to write on the advantages of joining the army. One of the judges was General John J. Pershing. Out of this pool, Campbell came in first place. The first line of his essay read: “As Horace Greely once said, ‘Young man, go West.’ We now say, ‘Young man, join the Army.’” Later, he began his higher-level education at Iowa State University, where he majored in chemical engineering and came first in his class. Afterward, he earned his master’s degree at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He completed his education after attending Harvard Business School.
Beginning of Career.
His intelligence and interest in chemical engineering eventually led him to work for Exxon. He spent 41 years of his life there, 25 of which he spent in the Exxon Research and Engineering Company (ER&E). There, he became part of a team of four chemical engineers. Together, the four developed a breakthrough invention called the cracking process. Eventually, as a result of their valuable contributions and efficient teamwork, the four inventors were dubbed the “four horsemen” by their colleagues. By the end of his career, Campbell owned 30 patents.
Major Invention.
In 1942, while working at ER&E, the “four horsemen” developed a landmark creation in the field of chemical engineering known as fluid catalytic cracking (FCC). This crucial conversion process enables petroleum refineries to obtain gasoline, aviation fuel, and olefinic gases through the conversion of hydrocarbon fractions at high temperatures. Specifically, the system consists of using high temperatures to break down large molecules of hydrogen carbon into smaller ones. This method was patented as the “Method of and Apparatus for Contacting solids and Gases Catalytic Cracking” number 2,451,804. Fortune magazine claimed that this invention is “what many engineers consider the most revolutionary chemical-engineering achievement of the last 50 years.” In 1940, using the work of Campbell and his crew, M. W. Kellogg Company operated a pilot plant in the Exxon refinery located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Today, this technique is in wide-use and alone produces of gasoline per day, which is roughly half the world’s demand.
The Four Horsemen.
After joining ER&E, Campbell joined three other chemical-engineers to develop FCC. The three other contributors to this success were: Homer Z. Martin, Eger V. Murphree, and Charles W. Tyson.
HOMER Z. MARTIN
For 36 years, Martin worked as a chemical engineer at ER&E. During his career, he earned 82 patents. In 1931, at the Armour Institute of Technology, Chicago, he received his undergraduate education in chemical engineering. Later, he also acquired a master’s and doctoral degree from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. After retirement, he became a member of the American Institute for Engineers and the American Chemical Society.
EGER V. MURPHREE
Murphree studied at Kentucky University, where he received his undergraduate education in chemistry and mathematics and a master’s degree in chemistry. He worked at ER&E for 32 years, 15 of which he served as the president. Towards the end of his career at ER&E, he had the responsibility of directing military projects pertaining to the guided-missile program, working with US Secretary of Defense Charles Wilson, and serving as a member of the organizing committee of the Manhattan Project.
CHARLES W. TYSON
After working as the director of the petroleum development division, he served as the assistant to the vice president of ER&E. He earned both his chemistry bachelor’s and master’s degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. By the time he retired, he had earned 50 patents.
Significance in WWII.
The creation of the FCC was especially vital at the time it was created. During World War II, as the Allies were attempting to overpower the Axis in aerial warfare, the United States suffered a shortage of aviation fuel. At this time, the testing of this new system had been successful for three years. Consequently, FCC was used to increase the national output of aviation fuel by 6,000 percent, providing enough sufficient fuel for the war efforts. Many historians argue that the increase in the efficiency of acquiring petroleum contributed to the Allies’ air victory. In addition, this process caused greater production of synthetic rubber for petroleum, therefore making the US independent of Southeast Asia’s unstable source of rubber.
Later years.
Aside from his work, Campbell participated in other academic activities. For example, he shared thoughts with a group of academics from several fields, including filmmaking and other fields in science. He focused much of his inventive potential into the bridge games he so loved. He was a husband to Elizabeth Duff Campbell, a father to a son named Michael Duff Campbell and a daughter named Mary Louise Macom, a grandfather to eight grandchildren, and a great-grandfather to nine great-grandchildren. In 1999, he was awarded the Ronald H. Brown American Innovator Award and inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame because of the contributions he had made to the field of chemical engineering. Before moving into a nursing home, Campbell spent much of his time in Short Hills, New Jersey. His son Michael said that his father never felt bitter about not making money off of his inventions. Michael then said, “He was just proud to have worked with very smart men and to have accomplished something.” Campbell died on September 14, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20290950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290950" title="Ten Years Are Gone">
Ten Years Are Gone

Ten Years Are Gone is a double album by John Mayall, recorded at Sunset Sound, Los Angeles, and released in 1973. Like its predecessors "Jazz Blues Fusion" and "Moving On", it features Freddy Robinson on guitar and Blue Mitchell on trumpet.
Track listing.
Original release
All songs by John Mayall except 6. by Freddy Robinson

</doc>
<doc id="20290960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290960" title="Gesher (archaeological site)">
Gesher (archaeological site)

Gesher is an archaeological site located on the southern bank of Nahal Tavor, near kibbutz Gesher in the central Jordan Valley of Israel. It bears signs of occupation from two periods, the very early Neolithic and the Middle Bronze Age. The site was first excavated between 1986 and 1987 by Yosef Garfinkel of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and between 2002 and 2004 by Susan Cohen of Montana State University. The average of 4 Radiocarbon dating results suggested inhabitation of the settlement around 8000 BC.
During the Pre-Pottery Neolithic A the site was a small village composed of a few rounded structures. Typical flint finds included a high number of el-Khiam points which Garfinkel argued, along with the relatively early date could class Gesher as a Khiamian site. One outstanding discovery, unknown from any other Neolithic site of the period in the Near East, is a workshop for the production of basalt artifacts. The workshop produced basalt axes and various other tools which were then sent to other early Neolithic centers, such as Jericho and Netiv Hagdud. According radiometric dates, Gesher is one of the earliest Neolithic sites in the Near East. During this period the first villages were established and the transition to agriculture occurred. A final excavation report on the Neolithic site was published in 2006. 
During the Middle Bronze Age IIA, Gesher served as a cemetery. Some 20 graves have been uncovered. These are shaft graves, dug into the local sediment, used for individual burials and never reopened. This facilitates the study of burial customs, including body position, the quantity of grave goods and their relation to the deceased. Bronze spearheads and axes (including three duck-bill axes) were found in four of the graves. A final excavation report on the Middle Bronze cemetery was published in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20290974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290974" title="Rubber Ball (disambiguation)">
Rubber Ball (disambiguation)

Rubber Ball may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20290990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290990" title="Reference Broadcast Time Synchronization">
Reference Broadcast Time Synchronization

Reference Broadcast Time synchronization is a method in which the receiver uses the physical layer broadcasts for comparing the clocks. This is slightly different from traditional methods which synchronize the sender's with the receiver's clock.
RBS allows nodes to synchronize their clocks to the resolution necessary for example for wireless sensor network applications. Rather than broadcasting a time stamp in a synchronization packet as in protocols such as NTP, RBS allows the nodes receiving the synchronization packets to use the packet’s time of arrival as a reference point for clock synchronization. Because most of the non-deterministic propagation time involved in transmitting a packet over a wireless channel lies between construction of the packet and the sender’s transceiver (e.g., sender’s queue delay, MAC contention delay, etc.),RBS removes most delay uncertainty involved in typical time synchronization protocols. For single-hop networks, the RBS algorithm is very simple. First, a transmitter broadcasts some number M as reference broadcasts. Each receiver that receives these broadcasts exchanges the time that each reference broadcast was received locally with its neighbors. Nodes then calculate phase shifts relative to each other as the average of the difference of the time stamps of the node’s local clocks for the M reference broadcasts. In multihop networks, time synchronization can be performed hop by hop between two nodes as long as the nodes on each link along the path have a common node whose reference broadcasts they can synchronize to.

</doc>
<doc id="20290992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290992" title="Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election, 1998">
Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election, 1998

The Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election of 1998 took place on 22 November 1998.
The South Tyrolean People's Party (SVP) and the Daisy Civic List (Civica) resulted the two most voted parties at the regional level. The SVP retained its outright majority in South Tyrol, while the Civica became the largest party in Trentino. After the election, the two parties formed a coalition at the regional level. Luis Durnwalder (SVP) and Lorenzo Dellai (Civica) were sworn in at the head of the two Provinces, respectively.
Results.
Regional totals.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region
<noinclude>
Trentino.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region
<noinclude>
South Tyrol.
Source: Province of Bolzano
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20290996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290996" title="Climate of Bihar">
Climate of Bihar

Climate type.
Bihar completely lies in the Sub Tropical region of Temperate zone and its climatic type is Humid Sub Tropical (Cwa).
Seasons.
Winter.
The cold weather commences early in November and comes to an end in the middle of March. The climate in the October and November is pleasant. The days are bright and warm and the sun is not too hot. As soon as the sun sets the temperature falls and the heat of the day yields place to a sharp bracing cold. The temperature in Winter all over Bihar varies from 0–10 °C. On 7 January 2013, in early morning, mercury dipped to a record low to 0 °C in Gopalganj, 0.2 °C in Jehanabad, 0.7 °C in Vaishali, 1 °C in Patna and other cities. December and January are the coldest month in Bihar.
Summer.
The hot weather sets in and lasts until the middle of June. The lowest temperature is often registered in May which is the hottest month in the state. Like the rest of the northern India, Bihar also experiences dust-storms, thunder-storms and dust-raising winds during the hot season. Dust storms having a velocity of 48–64 km/hour are most frequent in May and with second maximum in April and June. The hot winds (loo) of Bihar plains blow during April and May with an average velocity of 8–16 km/hour. This hot winds greatly affects human comfort during this season.
Monsoon.
Soon after Mid June this the rainy season commences and continues till the end of September, the beginning of this season occurs when a storm from the Bay of Bengal passes over Bihar. The commencement of monsoon may be as early as the last week of May or as the first or second week of July. The rainy season begins in June. The rainiest months are July and August. The rains are the gifts of the south west monsoon. There are in Bihar three distinct areas where rainfall exceeds 1800 mm. Two of them lie on northern and north-western wings of the state and the third lies in the Netarhat pat. The south-west monsoon normally withdraws from Bihar in the first week of October.
Post Monsoon.
An important feature of the retreating monsoon season in Bihar is the invasion of tropical cyclones originating in the Bay of Bengal at about 12° N latitude. Bihar is also influenced by the typhoons originating in the south China sea. The maximum frequency of the tropical cyclones in Bihar is during September–November especially during the asterism called hathiya. These cyclones are essential for the maturing of paddy, and are required for the moistening of the soil for the cultivation of rabi crops.
Disasters.
Floods.
Bihar is India's most flood-prone State, with 76% of the population in the north Bihar living under the recurring threat of flood devastation. According to some historical data, 16.5% of the total flood affected area in India is located in Bihar while 22.1% of the flood affected population in India lives in Bihar. About out of total geographical area of comprising 73.06% is flood affected. Floods in Bihar are a recurring disaster which on an annual basis destroys thousands of human lives apart from livestock and assets worth millions.

</doc>
<doc id="20290998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20290998" title="Geography of Bihar">
Geography of Bihar

Bihar is located in the northeastern part of India between latitude 24°-20'-10" N ~ 27°-31'-15" N and longitude 82°-19'-50" E ~ 88°-17'-40" E. It is an entirely land–locked state, in a Sub Tropical region of the Temperate zone. Bihar lies midway between the humid West Bengal in the east and the sub humid Uttar Pradesh in the west which provides it with a transitional position in respect of climate, economy and culture. It is bounded by Nepal in the north and by Jharkhand in the south. Bihar plain is divided into two unequal halves (North Bihar and South Bihar) by the river Ganges which flows through the middle from west to east. Bihar's land has average elevation above sea level is 173 feet.
Political geography.
The state is divided into 9 divisions and 38 districts, for administrative purposes. which are listed below.
Geology.
Bihar is in Indo-Gangetic plain so naturally fertile soil is one asset of the state. Thus Indo-Gangetic plain's soil is the backbone of agricultural and industrial development. The Indo-Gangetic plain in Bihar consists of a thick alluvial mantle of drift origin overlying in most part. The siwalik and older tertiary rocks. The soil is mainly young loam rejuvenated every year by constant deposition of silt, clay and sand brought by streams but mainly by floods in Bihar
This soil is deficient in phosphoric acid, nitrogen and humus, but potash and lime are usually present in sufficient quantity. The most common soil in Bihar is Gangetic alluvium of Indo-Gangetic plain region, Piedmont Swamp Soil which is found in northwestern part of West Champaran district and Terai Soil which is found in northern part of Bihar along the border of Nepal. clay soil, sand soil and loamy soil are common in Bihar.
Natural resources.
Bihar is mainly a vast stretch of very fertile flat land. It is drained by the Ganges River, including northern tributaries of other river The Bihar plain is divided into two unequal halves by the river Ganges which flows through the middle from west to east. Other Ganges tributaries are the Son, Budhi Gandak, Chandan, Orhani and Phalgu. The Himalayas begin at foothills a short distance inside Nepal but influence Bihar's landforms, climate, hydrology and culture. Central parts of Bihar have some small hills, for example the Rajgir hills. The Himalayan Mountains are to the north of Bihar, in Nepal. To the south is the Chota Nagpur plateau, which was part of Bihar until 2000 but now is part of a separate state called Jharkhand.
Forest.
Bihar has notified forest area of 6,764.14 km², which is 7.1 per cent of its geographical area. The sub Himalayan foothill of Someshwar and Dun ranges in Champaran district another belt of moist deciduous forests. These also consists of scrub, grass and reeds. Here the rainfall is above 1,600 mm and thus promotes luxuriant Sal forests in the favoured areas. The hot and dry summer gives the deciduous forests. The most important trees are Shorea Robusta (Sal), Shisham, Cedrela Toona, Khair, and Semal. This type of forests also occurs in Saharsa district and Purnia district.
Minerals.
Bihar is a producer of Steatite (945 tonnes), Pyrites (9,539 tonnes/year), Quartzite (14,865 tonnes/year), Crude Mica (53 tonnes/year), Limeston (4,78,000 tonnes/year). Bihar has also some good resource of Bauxite in Jamui district, Cement Morter in Bhabhua, Dolomite in Bhabhua, Glass sand in Bhabhua, Mica in Muzaffarpur, Nawada, Jamui, Gaya and salt in Gaya and Jamui.
Natural hazards.
Flood.
Bihar is India's most flood-prone State, with 76% of the population in the north Bihar living under the recurring threat of flood devastation. According to some historical data, 16.5% of the total flood affected area in India is located in Bihar while 22.1% of the flood affected population in India lives in Bihar. About out of total geographical area of comprising 73.06% is flood affected. Floods in Bihar are a recurring disaster which on an annual basis destroys thousands of human lives apart from livestock and assets worth millions.
Climate.
Bihar is cold in the winter, the lowest temperatures being around 0-10 degrees Celsius (32 to 50 degrees Fahrenheit). Winter months are December and January. It is hot in the summer with average highs around 35-40 Celsius ( 95-105 Fahrenheit). April to mid June are the hot months. The monsoon months of June, July, August, and September see good rainfall. October & November and February & March have pleasant climate.

</doc>
<doc id="20291011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291011" title="Welsh Outlook">
Welsh Outlook

The Welsh Outlook was a monthly magazine published from 1914 to 1933 in Wales, articulating a political viewpoint of progressive liberalism and cultural nationalism. Its first editor was Thomas Jones and the publication was funded by David Davies, 1st Baron Davies.
The magazine was intended by Jones to provide a platform to discuss critically the changes in Welsh society of the time, while aiming for social progress. Its contributors and editorial team were drawn largely from Cardiff and South Wales. Although influential among the governing elite in Wales, it achieved sales of only 2,000, dropping markedly in the 1930s.
The title (without an initial 'The') was revived by David Hewitt in 1965 when he launched a new magazine that aimed to "serve as a catalyst for public discussion throughout the country." The magazine ceased publication after three monthly issues 
The original magazine is important to the development of Welsh nationalism since it reflected a move away from religious and linguistic identity and attempted to define a role for the Welsh language and Welsh nationalism in the context of internationalism and modern society, even if from a conservative stance. The magazine is currently being digitised by the National Library of Wales as part the Welsh Journals Online project.

</doc>
<doc id="20291013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291013" title="John Larkin (Northern Ireland)">
John Larkin (Northern Ireland)

John Larkin, QC is the Attorney General for Northern Ireland. 
Larkin is the first person to hold the office separately since its functions were assumed by the Attorney General for England and Wales in 1972. He is the first holder of the office not to be a politician sitting in either the Parliament of Northern Ireland, at Stormont, or the UK Parliament. 
Larkin was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland and was educated at St Mary's Christian Brothers' Grammar School, Belfast, and Queen's University Belfast, where he read law. He was subsequently called to the Bar of Northern Ireland and practised as a barrister.
In the early 1980s he was involved in politics as a member of the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland, but ceased to be active as his legal career took off. In 1989, at the age of 25, Mr Larkin was appointed as Reid Professor of Criminal Law, Criminology and Penal Law at Trinity College, Dublin. He returned to Northern Ireland in the 1990s to work at the Northern Ireland Bar, specialising in administrative law, civil liberties and human rights, competition and constitutional law, defamation and judicial review.
References.
Bimpe Fatogun "Great legal scholar is summoned to serve", "Irish News", 19 November 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20291016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291016" title="Transco plc v HMA">
Transco plc v HMA

The case of Transco Plc v HMA "(2005) S.L.T. 2111" was the first ever prosecution for culpable homicide in Scotland with regards to a public limited company. 
In the case, a public gas transporter was charged with breaking the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 s.3 and s.33(1) in respect to a gas explosion, which resulted in the death of four people. It was held that Transco had "shown a complete and utter disregard for the public," The court ruled that it was possible to prosecute for "culpable homicide"; However, it is possible to convict of culpable homicide only if the court could identify an individual or group of individuals being a directing mind in the company; therefore, the charges of culpable homicide were irrelevant and subsequently dismissed. The company was later prosecuted on the charge of health and safety and fined £15m.
This case, along with others of this type paved the way for major legislative changes. This is area is now governed by the Corporate Manslaughter and Corporate Killing Act 2009.
References.
Corporate manslaughter and corporate homicide act 2007

</doc>
<doc id="20291023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291023" title="Kariri languages">
Kariri languages

The Karirí languages, generally considered dialects of a single language, are extinct languages spoken until the middle of the 20th century; the 4,000 ethnic Karirí are now monolingual Portuguese speakers, though a few know common phrases and names of medicinal plants. 
The four known Kariri languages are:
There are short grammatical descriptions of Kipeá and Dzubukuá, and word lists for Kamurú and Sabujá. Ribeiro established through morphological analysis that Kariri is likely to be related to the Jê languages.
Other languages called 'Kariri'.
The names "Kariri" and "Kiriri" were applied to many peoples over a wide area in the east of Brazil, in the lower and middle São Francisco River area and further north. Most of their now-extinct languages are too poorly known to classify, but what is recorded does not suggest that they were all members of the Kariri family. Examples are:

</doc>
<doc id="20291047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291047" title="Fakira">
Fakira

Fakira may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20291055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291055" title="Ulmus pumila 'Aurea'">
Ulmus pumila 'Aurea'

The Siberian Elm "Ulmus pumila" cultivar 'Aurea' (selling name ™) was released by the Honze nursery in China shortly before the Beijing Olympics in 2008. Little information is currently (2008) available, and although the species is apparently "U. pumila", it is advertized as a 'Chinese Elm', which is "U. parvifolia".
Pests and diseases.
See under "Ulmus pumila".
Cultivation.
The cultivar was introduced to the UK in 2008, but is not known to be in cultivation in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="20291089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291089" title="Hanuman Nagar">
Hanuman Nagar

Hanuman Nagar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20291124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291124" title="Karaja">
Karaja

Karaja or Karajá may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20291134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291134" title="Hardiya">
Hardiya

Hardiya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20291137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291137" title="Rick Brookes">
Rick Brookes

Rick Brookes is a satirical cartoonist born in Bangor, Wales, on June 16, 1948. Having studied art at Salford Art School, Manchester, he worked first as an assistant art editor for Mirabelle magazine and then as a graphic artist and designer for IPC magazines such as "Woman's Own", "Woman's Realm" and "Ideal Home".
Brookes was an illustrator and staff cartoonist at the Evening Standard from 1977, signing his strips first "Rick Brookes" then "Brookes". He worked alongside Jak for eighteen years, deputising for him In 1994 Brookes began contributing to the Daily Express taking over from Giles, using the signature "Brook", and he kept the same signature after he moved to "The Sun" in 1996, taking over from Tom Johnston.
Brookes's cartoons appear regularly in newspapers such as News of the World, Mail on Sunday, The American and Punch, and is especially popular on Metro, with his series "THIS LIFE". He also worked on the Allied Lyons advertising campaign for Saatchi & Saatchi. Greatly influenced by Giles, Low and Jak, Brookes also admires Oliphant, Matt and Mac. He is reported as drawing his sketches with a Swan fountain pen and flexible nib, just so that he can be suppler in his drawing. He used to hide a rook in his drawings "because there is a rook hidden in 'Brookes'".

</doc>
<doc id="20291145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291145" title="Omnia mutantur">
Omnia mutantur

Omnia mutantur is a Latin phrase meaning "everything changes".
It is most often used as part of two other phrases:

</doc>
<doc id="20291158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291158" title="Etelka Freund">
Etelka Freund

Etelka Freund (1879–1977) was an Hungarian pianist. 
A disciple of Ferruccio Busoni, she played regularly for Johannes Brahms during her training years. An international career, throughout which she was an early divulgator of Béla Bartók's music, ensued her 1901 debut. She brought it to a halt in 1910, resuming it in the mid-30s. She made her American debut in 1947, at the National Gallery of Art. 

</doc>
<doc id="20291175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291175" title="Sheffield Community Transport">
Sheffield Community Transport

Sheffield Community Transport (SCT) is a non-governmental organisation with charitable status which provides transport services in Sheffield. Funding from SPT comes from South Yorkshire Passenger Transport Executive (SYPTE), Sheffield City Council, South Yorkshire Objective 1 programme, Yorkshire Forward, Coalfields Regeneration Trust and others.
In October 2007, SCT became the lead body for Community Transport in South Yorkshire, bringing together community transport operations in Barnsley, Doncaster and Rotherham as well as three smaller schemes in Sheffield.
Projects.
The Mobility Management project promotes closer operational co-operation and aims to provide a more coherent offer to passengers across South Yorkshire, e.g. by standardising fares for the different services. All new vehicles and some of the existing ones have the same ‘Door-to-door’ livery as part of the Travel South Yorkshire brand.
SCT works with SYPTE to develop a package of transport related measures designed to assist the economic regeneration of the sub-region. One example of this is the South Yorkshire Wheels to Work project. Funding partners include Yorkshire Forward and Coalfields Regeneration Trust for employment opportunities where public transport doesn’t exist at the right times or locations. 
SCT is an approved centre for the new EU Driver Certificate of Professional Competence. The qualification is a requirement for all new and existing PCV drivers.
SCT also provides minibus training in the form of MiDAS (Minibus Drivers Awareness Scheme). This is a national scheme that has been in operation for over 10 years. It offers training on the laws regarding minibus driving for people who work in the voluntary sector, along with a driving assessment.
Hillsborough Hub.
In 2007 SCT were operating three services that served Hillsborough Interchange, routes 31, 266 and 267. In 2008 it won the contract to operate routes 61 and 62 though it lost the contract to operate routes 266 and 267. Also in 2008 it introduced two new routes, S6 to Wisewood which closely mirrors First South Yorkshire's route 13 north of Hillsborough and diverted one of the two 31s each hour via the Langsett Estate to cater for the demand there due to service 201 ceasing to run between Stocksbridge and Sheffield city centre.
In early 2009 SCT introduced new route S6A which closely mirrors First South Yorkshire's route 14 north of Hillsborough.
As at October 2013 11 services were operated.
Fleet.
As at September 2013 the fleet consisted of 26 buses.

</doc>
<doc id="20291183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291183" title="Wales (magazine)">
Wales (magazine)

Wales was an English-language literary journal, published from 1937 to 1949 and from 1958 to 1960. The magazine contained fiction, poetry, reviews and articles pertaining to Wales. 
The journal started as a quarterly publication (No. 1 (Summer 1937)-No. 11 (Winter 1939-1940), became a Wartime Broadsheeet (No. 1 (1941)), then moved to six-monthly publication (1943-1949). In 1958 it was restarted as a monthly publication with No. 32, ending with No. 47 in January 1960.
It was edited throughout its existence by Keidrych Rhys, and published on his behalf by The Druid Press, Carmarthen, and printed by Western Mail & Echo Ltd, and latterly by the Tudor Press, London. 
The magazine was an important influence on Welsh literature. Robert Graves, who became a close correspondent with Rhys and Lynette Roberts, held high hopes for this magazine, which he felt could be a "record-vehicle" for a new movement of tradition-minded, modern Celtic poets.
In the "Wales" magazine, Rhys published articles, short stories, and poems by an array of predominantly Welsh writers and thinkers, such as Alun Lewis, Saunders Lewis, Dylan Thomas, Glyn Jones and Lynette Roberts. Early drafts of parts of Robert Graves's book on mythology and poetry, "The White Goddess", were published there as three articles ('Dog', 'Roebuck' and 'Lapwing') between 1944 and 1945.
The magazine was a conscious attempt to provide a platform for 'younger progressive Welsh writers' who felt that their contribution to British culture was marginalised, and represented the creation of "Anglo-Welsh literature" (Welsh writing in English) as a concept.
The magazine is being digitized by the Welsh Journals Online project at the National Library of Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="20291208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291208" title="E4 Group">
E4 Group

E4 group is a Russian engineering company, one of the biggest in the Russian Federation. With a presence in all federal districts of Russia, it has a total of 20,000 employees (up to 30,000 with affiliated firms), of which over 100 are PhDs.
The current CEO of E4 Group is Danil Nikitin.
Financial information.
E4 Group was established in 2006. Main achievements of the Company in 2007 were a market share of 15 per cent; consolidated revenue growth of 90 per cent; constract sales growth of 150 per cent; and net profit growth of 260 per cent.
Main projects.
Projects include the N’yagan Regional Power Plant; construction of CPP-410 Krasnodar TPP; boiler, North-west borough of Kursk – construction of CCP 125MW; and construction of a nuclear waste storage facility at Zheleznogorsk, Krasnoyarsk.

</doc>
<doc id="20291213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291213" title="Jagatpur">
Jagatpur

Jagatpur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20291240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291240" title="Kamalpur">
Kamalpur

Kamalpur may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20291255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291255" title="Chara (alga)">
Chara (alga)

Chara is a genus of green algae in the family Characeae. They are multicellular and superficially resemble land plants because of stem-like and leaf-like structures. They are found in fresh water, particularly in limestone areas throughout the northern temperate zone, where they grow submerged, attached to the muddy bottom. They prefer less oxygenated and hard water and are not found in waters where mosquito larvae are present. They are covered with calcium carbonate deposits.
Structure.
The branching system of "Chara" species is complex with branches derived from apical cells which cut off segments at the base to form nodal and internodal cells alternately. They are typically anchored to the littoral substrate by means of branching underground rhizoids. "Chara" plants are rough to the touch because of deposited calcium salts on the cell wall. The metabolic processes associated with this deposition often give "Chara "plants a distinctive and unpleasant smell of hydrogen sulfide.
Morphology.
The plant body is a gametophyte. It consists of a main axis (differentiated into nodes and internodes), dimorphic branches (long branch of unlimited growth and short branches of limited growth), rhizoids (multicellular with oblique septa) and stipulodes (needle shaped structures at the base of secondary laterals.
Reproduction.
"Chara" reproduces vegetatively and sexually. Vegetative reproduction takes place by tubers, amylum stars and secondary protonema.
The fructifications for sexual reproduction are globule or antheridium (male) and nucule or archegonium (female).
Distribution.
Northern Hemisphere.
There are about 40 species of Chara in Europe. They are commonly found in the specific habitat-type designated as H3140 (hard oligo-mesotrophic waters with benthic vegetation of "Chara spp" h1) in the Natura 2000 plans of the European Union. Although this habitat is found all across Europe, it is threatened and to be protected and preserved. 
The Netherlands are home to 20 species Chara, growing in lakes and ponds of the habitat-type H3140. The H3140 habitats in the Netherlands, are considered important in the overall preservation efforts and therefore also for the Chara species in general.
Denmark. Here many former Chara habitats (H3140), have been polluted by either toxins or excessive amounts of nutrients (in particular phosphates and nitrogen), but a few large lakes and ponds remain. Chara is found growing in the very clean hard water lakes of Thy National Park like Nors Sø for example. Tissø lake (fourth largest lake in Denmark) is also a H3140 habitat and contains Chara species.
Ireland:- Co. Galway. Eglinton Canal "Chara virgata" Kütz., "Chara rudis" (A.Braun) Leonhardii and "Nitella flexilis" (L.) C.Agardh.
Southern Hemisphere.
"Chara" is found from 69 degrees north in northern Norway to about 49 degrees south in Kerguelen Islands (Pal et al., 1962).

</doc>
<doc id="20291259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291259" title="Jonathon Green">
Jonathon Green

Jonathon Green (born 20 April 1948 in Kidderminster, Worcestershire) is a British lexicographer of slang and writer on the history of alternative cultures. Jonathon Green is often referred to as the English-speaking world’s leading lexicographer of slang, and has even been described as 'The most acclaimed British lexicographer since Johnson'.
Life and career.
Of Jewish origin, Green was educated at Bedford School (1961-1965) and Brasenose College, Oxford (1966-1969) where he read history.
An author, freelance journalist, broadcaster and lecturer, Green's primary activity is the collection and analysis of slang. To this end, he has amassed a database, which – according to Green – holds around 125,000 slang words and phrases, underpinned by over 550,000 citations (examples of usage). It covers English-language slang since the 16th century and offers the vocabularies of the UK, US, Australia, New Zealand, Ireland and the anglophone Caribbean. This database provides a resource for all his slang-related publications.
For Green, slang is as much a part of the greater English language as any other of its sub-sets such as dialect or technicalities. But unlike those, it opts for an actively oppositional role. With a conscious acknowledgement of the Counterculture of the 1960s (in which he played a part and of which he has written) he has termed slang the ‘counter-language’ and more recently ‘the language that says “no”'. Born at the margins it has remained there, even if the secrecy that lay at the heart of older slang cannot resist the information flow of the modern world.
The sixties counterculture is the subject of his first oral history "Days in the Life: Voices from the English Underground 1961-1971" (1988) for which he "interviewed more than 100 of "the main players", got 500,000 words on tape, a 400,000-word manuscript and " the book emerged around half this length. The study "All Dressed Up: The Sixties and the Counterculture" (1998) was the source of litigation, from both former Beatle George Harrison and artist Caroline Coon, and was withdrawn for 12 months. In June 2000, Coon received damages of £40,000, plus £33,000 costs, from publisher Random House, for the false claims Green had made.
Authority on slang.
The single-volume "Chambers Slang Dictionary" (Chambers Harrap) was first published in 1998; a second edition appeared in October 2008. "Getting Off at Gateshead: An A–Z of Filth" (Quercus) was also published in October 2008.
Green’s most substantial work in this field is "Green's Dictionary of Slang": a three volume slang work which traces, via examples and citations drawn from the last five centuries, the history of the slang vocabulary from the earliest use of every term. It includes slang from across the English-speaking world. It was published in the UK in late November 2010 and in the US in March 2011. An e-book version has been released as part of the Oxford Digital Reference Shelf collection. "Green's Dictionary of Slang" was awarded the 2012 Dartmouth Medal – an annual award from the Reference and User Services Association (RUSA) recognizing the most outstanding reference work of the year
He is currently working on a History of Slang, due to be published by Grove Atlantic in 2014 and "Odd Job Man: Some Confessions of a Slang Lexicographer" (Jonathan Cape 2014) Green lives in London and Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20291261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291261" title="The Coffin">
The Coffin

The Coffin is a 2008 horror film starring Ananda Everingham and Karen Mok.
Plot.
A young man, and several years later, a woman, undergo a Thai ritual of lying in a coffin, which is supposed to ensure long life and banish bad luck. The ritual is also seen as a solution to fatal genetic diseases and diseases like cancer. The man, Chris, wakes and is brought to the hospital where doctors say he suffers from hallucinations. It turns out that the hallucinations are paranormal visits by his ex-girlfriend and trying to kill him, who dies, along with her child, just when his wife is cured. The woman on the other hand is rid of her lung cancer, however is haunted by her boyfriend, Jack, whom she was supposed to marry. The woman consults an expert in the paranormal, and later Chris, to try to solve her supernatural difficulties.

</doc>
<doc id="20291268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291268" title="Kataiya">
Kataiya

Kataiya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20291294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291294" title="Malaysian Pakistani">
Malaysian Pakistani

Malaysian Pakistani or Pakistani Malaysian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20291296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291296" title="Danish Pakistani">
Danish Pakistani

Danish Pakistani or Pakistani Danish may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20291331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291331" title="Last Light Ceremony">
Last Light Ceremony

The Last Light Ceremony took place all over the Republic of Ireland on Millennium Eve, December 31, 1999. In the weeks leading up to Millennium Eve, a special Millennium Candle was delivered to every household in the Republic with an accompanying scroll. At sunset, householders lit their candles to symbolically mark the last light of the second millennium. The first candle was lit on the east coast at Áras an Uachtaráin by the President of Ireland, Mary McAleese. The last candle was lit in County Cork on the west coast at 16:40, the last sunset of the millennium in Ireland.
The names of those present in each home were written on the accompanying scroll.

</doc>
<doc id="20291357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291357" title="John Cushen">
John Cushen

John Arthur James Cushen (born 12 February 1950) is a former New Zealand cricketer who played twenty years of first-class cricket for Auckland and Otago from 1967 to 1987. A right-arm fast-medium bowler, Cushen took 194 wickets at 28.77 during his career, while his right-handed batting late in the batting order earned him a high score of 44 however an average of 9.91.
Career.
Cushen was born in February 1950 in Dunedin, Otago.
Debut.
Cushen played his first match for Otago on 9 January 1968 as in the Plunket Shield against Canterbury. He took one wicket in the first innings for 62 runs, scored nine and a duck as Otago was forced to follow on, and saw his side slip to an innings and 44 run defeat. In his first full season across the summer of 1968-69, Cushen played five first-class matches in which he scored 74 runs at 12.33 with a best of 27, however he struggled with the ball, taking six wickets at 71.50. Cushen played no matches across the 1969-70 or 1970-71 seasons, and only one in the 1971-72 where he took three wickets at 33.33 each, and scored 23 runs at 11.50. He played three matches across the winter of 1972-73, scoring 25 runs at 5.00, and struggling with the ball, taking three wickets at 79.00. Cushen also played three List-A matches, however he was only required to bat once and was dismissed for a duck. He nevertheless enjoyed success with the ball, taking five wickets at 22.80.
Success with the ball.
Cushen did not play another cricket match until 1976 when he began played at Auckland, and from then on his bowling improved dramatically. In his first season for his new team, he played seven matches, batted on three occasions and scored 14 runs at 14.00, however with the ball he took 27 wickets at 29.37 including a best of 4/29. He also played two List-A matches, failing to make a score with the bat but taking five wickets at 11.40. In his next season he played a further eight matches, scoring 15 runs at 15.00 and finding more success with the ball by taking 21 wickets at 31.90 with a career best, and maiden five-wicket-haul, of 6/27. He played two List-A matches, making his first runs in the one day form of the game by score two not out, and taking two wickets at 17.00.
The 1978-79 season saw Cushen play seven matches, scoring eight runs, and taking 19 wickets at 26.26. In one day cricket, he played three matches, scoring one run and taking five wickets at 19.80. Over the winter of 1979-80 he played five first-class matches, scoring 39 runs at a career best 19.50, and took eight wickets at 26.75. His one day batting continued to struggle, with only two runs scored in his only game, and he was unable to take a wicket.
He took a career best seven one day wickets in his next season, however, at 29.00 each, and while he only scored nine runs at 4.50 he was able to score 24 runs at 12.00 in first-class matches and take 23 wickets at 19.30. Cushen did not play any matches over the winter of 1981, however he returned for the 1982-83 season with nine wickets at 30.11 in first-class cricket, and four at 9.50 in List-A. With the bat he enjoyed his most successful season, scoring 30 runs at 18.66 in first-class cricket. He scored a career best 19* in one day batting in the 1984-84 season, following another break from the game, along with a career high 44 runs at 11.80 in first-class matched. With the ball, he reached more career highes, with 31 wickets at 24.12 and a best of 5/37 in first-class matches, and 10 wickets at 13.30 in one day games.
Final seasons.
Cushen played eight first-class matches in the 1985-86 season, scoring 37 runs at 12.33 in first-class matches however only five in List-A cricket. His success with the ball continued, however, matching his achievements from the previous season with 31 wickets at a more effective 22.93, with a best of 6/34, one of two five-wicket hauls. His one day efforts returned five wickets at 29.20.
Cushen's final season was the winter of 1986-87, where he took five more wickets at 36.60 in one day cricket, and 12 at 33.66 in first-class matches. His batting also declined in his final season, scoring 31 runs at a low average of 3.87 in first-class matches, however improving his one day batting statistics somewhat with 20 runs at 10.00 thanks to one score of 11*. Cushen retired in early 1987, his last match was played between the two first-class teams he represented. Cushen, playing for Otago, failed to take an Auckland wicket as their batsmen scored 320, and scored only three of Otago's 165 in response. Following on, he made 15, however could not take a wicket in the final innings as Auckland reached their target of little over a 100 for the loss of one wicket.

</doc>
<doc id="20291368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291368" title="Amazon CloudFront">
Amazon CloudFront

Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) offered by Amazon Web Services. CloudFront operates on a pay-as-you-go basis. The service was launched in beta on November 18, 2008.
CloudFront has servers located in Europe (United Kingdom, Ireland, The Netherlands, Germany, Spain), Asia (Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan and India), Australia, South America, as well as in several major cities in the United States.
CloudFront competes with larger content delivery networks such as Akamai and Limelight Networks. Upon launch, Larry Dignan of ZDNet News stated that CloudFront could cause price and margin reductions from competing CDNs.

</doc>
<doc id="20291387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291387" title="Badwa">
Badwa

Badwa is one of the names given to male spiritual leaders among the Bhil tribes of the Indian state of Maharashtra.
The religious sphere of Bhils is represented by variety of spirits, ghosts, gods, goddess, and deities. The Deovera (place of pray) is a popular religious centre and commands full respect and recognition (Mann, 1982). The Deovra are erected in the names of lineage, hamlets or village as a whole. In general, a Bhil Deovera contains images of Devi, Mata, Bhomia, Dharam Raj, Robari Baba etc., such religious spots are specially taken care of by the popular religious man known as Bhopa (Nagda, 1992). The chief of a Deovera is called Pat Bhopa or Badwa. He is fully competent to invoke deity. A Bhopa is used to search the cause and cure of morbidity and sterility.

</doc>
<doc id="20291458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291458" title="Paul Mérault Monneron">
Paul Mérault Monneron

Paul Mérault Monneron or de Monneron (23 February 1748, Annonay, Ardèche – May 1788, Vanikoro) was an engineer officer in the French armed forces and from 1785 to 1788 a member of Lapérouse's expedition.
Family.
His eldest brother Charles Claude Ange Monneron was député to the Estates General of 1789, for the Sénéchaussée of Annonay, his brothers Louis Monneron (1742–1805) and Pierre Antoine Monneron (1747–1801) were respectively députés of the National Constituent Assembly for the West Indies and Mauritius. Another brother, Joseph François Augustin Monneron (1756–1826) was député for Paris at the Legislative Assembly and retired from it in 1792, before becoming Director General of the Caisse des Comptes Courants and going bankrupt in 1798.
Life.
Entering the École du génie de Mézières and received as an engineer on 1 January 1770, he was first employed in France, at Briançon then Saint-Omer.
Participation in Lapérouse's expedition.
Lapérouse proposed Monneron to Fleurieu as the expedition's chief engineer, for "such a character joined to knowledge is that which convened in him".
Moneron Island discovered by the expedition was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20291508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291508" title="Y Fflam">
Y Fflam

Y Fflam ('the flame') was a Welsh-language literary journal published between 1946 and 1952, providing a platform for young Welsh writers. It included poetry, artworks, short fiction and reviews. Its political viewpoint was strongly radical nationalism.
It was edited by Euros Bowen, Pennar Davies and J. Gwyn Griffiths and its contributors included D. Tecwyn Lloyd, Gareth Alban Davies, Bobi Jones, and R. S. Thomas.
Gwasg Y Fflam, Bala, was a small publisher set up to produce "Y Fflam".
The journal has being digitized by the Welsh Journals Online project at the National Library of Wales. 

</doc>
<doc id="20291532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291532" title="Mark Conway">
Mark Conway

Mark Conway (born 31 January 1964) is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC, Leeds, Wakefield Trinity, and Dewsbury, as a , i.e. number 7, and occasionally , i.e. number 6. He still holds the most conversions in a match record at Wakefield Trinity.
Club career.
Mark Conway is sixth on the all-time Wakefield Trinity goal kicking list, and fourth on the all-time Wakefield Trinity points scoring list.
Outside of Rugby League.
Mark attended Newton Hill Junior School, Outwood Grange School, and is now a mortgage broker in West Yorkshire, and a coach at Stanley Rangers ARLFC. He has a daughter, Danielle (aged 22) and a son, Matt (aged 18).

</doc>
<doc id="20291535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291535" title="41st General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
41st General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 41st General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between March 1, 1938 and September 19, 1941.
Division of seats.
There were 30 members of the General Assembly, elected in the 1937 Nova Scotia general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20291551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291551" title="Robert Harte (New Zealand actor)">
Robert Harte (New Zealand actor)

Robert Harte is a New Zealand television actor. He played Ryan Birch in "Shortland Street", father of Minnie Crozier but is more recently known for hosting the New Zealand television show "My House, My Castle".

</doc>
<doc id="20291553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291553" title="Yves Rault">
Yves Rault

Yves Rault (1 August 195816 September 1997) was a French pianist. He started to play the piano at age of six. From 1968 he lived in Saint-Jean-de-Luz where he studied with Ada Labeque until he entered the Conservatoire National Superieur de Musique de Paris: he completed his musical studies at the age of 17 winning a 1st Piano Prize (class of Yvonne Loriod) and a 1st Prize in Chamber Music (class of Geneviève Joy). Subsequently, he attended the master-classes of eminent musicians such as Vlado Perlemuter, Nikita Magaloff, Rafael Da Silva, Charles Rosen, György Sebök, Paul Badura-Skoda and Claude Helffer.
Awarded a Fulbright Scholarship in 1979, he decided to perfect his skills in New York studying at the Juilliard School with Jacob Lateiner and William Masselos: in the meanwhile, he obtained the 1st Prize at the Gina Bachauer International Piano Competition. He also won several other International Piano Competitions (Maria Canals International Music Competition 2nd Prize in Barcelona, Marsala’s 2nd Prize, Vercelli’s 4th Prize, Epinal’s 4th Prize...). A dazzling career starts with new international awards: Grand Prize of the Charles Cros Academy with the violinist Raphael Oleg for their recording of Schumann’s Sonatas (1980), 3rd Prize and Special Prize of Contemporary Music at the Paloma O'Shea International Piano Competition in Santander (1982), 1st Prize at the Ciudade do Porto International Piano Competition (1984).
These successes led him to give recitals around the world: France, Spain, the Netherlands, Italy, Portugal, Switzerland, United States, Japan, Australia and South Africa. He performed regularly with various orchestras (Radio France New Philharmonic Orchestra, Spanish Radio Television Orchestra, Orchestre national du Capitole de Toulouse...). He was invited as a soloist by various foreign televisions and radios, and has also recorded for Radio France and French Television.
The eclecticism of his tastes led him to become interested in a diverse and sometimes unexplored repertoire (Ricardo Viñes, Ernesto Nazareth, Guillaume Lekeu...) and his interest for the contemporary music made him participate in many first performances mainly with the Montpellier Philharmonic Orchestra and with several French contemporary musical ensembles such as 2E2M, GERM, Musique Oblique, and Contrechamps.
Rault died in Paris of AIDS on 16 September 1997, at the age of 39.

</doc>
<doc id="20291566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291566" title="Steno Diabetes Center">
Steno Diabetes Center

Steno Diabetes Center is a hospital, research and teaching center dedicated to treating and managing diabetes, located in Gentofte, Denmark. It is named after Nicolas Steno (Niels Steensen, 1638-1686). The Center was established in 1991 as a result of the merge of the Niels Steensen hospital and Hvidøre Hospital. The Niels Steensen hospital was founded in 1932. 

</doc>
<doc id="20291599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291599" title="Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election, 1993">
Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election, 1993

The Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election of 1993 took place on 21 November 1993.
The South Tyrolean People's Party (SVP) and Christian Democracy (DC) resulted the two most voted parties at the regional level. However while the SVP retained its outright majority in South Tyrol, the DC was the real loser of the election. The party, severely damaged by the "Tangentopoli" scandals, lost half of its share of vote both in South Tyrol and the Trentino, where it lost many votes to the Trentino Tyrolean Autonomist Party (PATT) and Lega Nord Trentino (LNT).
After the election, the SVP, DC and the PATT formed a coalition at the regional level. Luis Durnwalder (SVP) was confirmed President of South Tyrol, while Carlo Andreotti (PATT) became President of the Trentino. It was the first time ever that the Province was not led by a Christian Democrat.
Results.
Regional totals.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region
<noinclude>
Trentino.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region
<noinclude>
South Tyrol.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20291601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291601" title="2007 Estoril Open – Women's Singles">
2007 Estoril Open – Women's Singles

Zheng Jie was the defending champion, but chose not to participate this year.
Gréta Arn won the title, defeating Victoria Azarenka 2–6, 6–1, 7–6(7-3) in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20291604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291604" title="Brandon Walters">
Brandon Walters

Brandon Walters (born January 1996) is an Indigenous Australian child actor known for his performance as Nullah in the 2008 film "Australia".
Life.
Born in Broome, Western Australia, Walters was diagnosed with leukemia at the age of six, but overcame the cancer after spending a year in a Perth hospital in 2003.
Career.
"Australia" director Baz Luhrmann had been searching for a young aboriginal boy to fill the role of "Nullah" for over 12 months when one of the film's casting directors saw Walters with his father at a Broome swimming pool in 2007; he also responded to an Australia-wide radio callout for auditions. He later received a letter from Luhrmann saying that he was "very, very interested" in him. 
Walters, who had never before left Western Australia, and a group of other boys who had auditioned for the role were flown to Sydney, New South Wales to attend acting workshops at Fox Studios Australia. He and his family went camping with Luhrmann at Broome's Eighty Mile Beach, which was when Walters decided to take the role and become involved in the film.
When Walters joined the cast, he had never heard of the film's stars Nicole Kidman or Hugh Jackman. Walters had only ever seen a few films, but was nevertheless quoted by Luhrmann as having "natural cinematic chemistry". Though Kidman and Walters were shy upon their first meeting with each other, she said that they bonded on the set of the film and "I feel very protective of him... if the film does really well he's going to need a lot of protection"; reportedly, Kidman and Luhrmann set up a trust fund for Walters to secure his future.
Luhrmann, who also cast Walters in a Tourism Australia advertising campaign, claimed, "Our next leading man is about four-foot high, long, sort of gold hair, and is an Aboriginal boy." For his performance as Nullah, Walters won a Satellite Award for New Talent and received nominations for Best Young Actor at the Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards and Most Promising Performer at the Chicago Film Critics Association Awards. 
He also stars in a new show, along with Kayne Tremills in "Bushwhacked!"
Archibald.
Artist Vincent Fantauzzo's portrait of Walters was a finalist for the 2009 Archibald Prize, ultimately winning the People's Choice Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20291606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291606" title="Charles Claude Ange Monneron">
Charles Claude Ange Monneron

Charles Claude Ange Monneron (5 April 1735, Antibes, Alpes-Maritimes – 30 May 1799, Annonay) was a French businessman, banker and politician. He was intendant général of Pondichéry (making a fortune with the French East India Company), député to the Estates General of 1789 then to the National Constituent Assembly.
Family.
His brother Paul Mérault Monneron was an engineer, and his other brothers Louis Monneron (1742–1805) and Pierre Antoine Monneron (1747–1801) were respectively députés of the National Constituent Assembly for the East Indies and Mauritius. Another brother, Joseph François Augustin Monneron (1756–1826) was député for Paris at the Legislative Assembly and retired from it in 1792, before becoming Director General of the Caisse des Comptes Courants and going bankrupt in 1798.

</doc>
<doc id="20291616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291616" title="Merlyn Rees">
Merlyn Rees

Merlyn Rees, later Merlyn Merlyn-Rees, Baron Merlyn-Rees, PC (18 December 1920 – 5 January 2006) was a Welsh-born Labour party Member of Parliament from 1963 until 1992, who served as Secretary of State for Northern Ireland (1974–1976) and Home Secretary (1976–1979).
Early life.
Born in Cilfynydd, near Pontypridd, Glamorgan, Wales, and educated at Harrow Weald Grammar School, Harrow, England and Goldsmiths College, London where he was president of the students' union from 1939 to 1941. He served in the RAF the University of Nottingham Air Squadron during World War II, becoming a squadron leader at 25. He attended the London School of Economics where he received BSc(Econ) and MSc(Econ). He was appointed schoolmaster at his old school in Harrow in 1949, teaching economics and history. He taught for eleven years, during which time he was three times an unsuccessful parliamentary candidate for Harrow East. He was a member of the Institute of Education at the University of London from 1959 to 1962.
Member of Parliament.
At a by-election in 1963, he stood successfully as the Labour candidate for Leeds South, succeeding Labour leader Hugh Gaitskell, who had died in office. He held the seat until he stepped down from the House of Commons at the 1992 general election. The constituency was renamed as Morley and Leeds South in 1983. He was Secretary of State for Northern Ireland from March 1974 until September 1976, when he was appointed Home Secretary. For two years before the Labour government came to power in 1974 he had been Labour Party spokesman on Northern Ireland. Rees wrote of his views on Northern Ireland in: "Northern Ireland: a Personal Perspective". One month after his appointment as Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, Rees lifted the proscription against the illegal loyalist paramilitary organisation, the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) in an attempt to bring them into the democratic process, however, the organisation was implicated in the Dublin and Monaghan bombings on 17 May 1973 and the group was once more banned by the British Government on 3 October 1975.
Retirement.
When he retired from the House of Commons in 1992, he was created a life peer as Baron Merlyn-Rees, of Morley and South Leeds in the County of West Yorkshire and of Cilfynydd in the County of Mid Glamorgan and entered the House of Lords, having changed his name by deed poll to Merlyn Merlyn-Rees to allow his title to be Merlyn-Rees rather than Rees.
He was president of the Video Standards Council from 1990 and was the first Chancellor of the University of Glamorgan, a position he held from 1994 to 2002.
Death.
He suffered injuries in a number of falls, and failing to recover from these, fell into a coma, dying at the age of 85. He was survived by his wife Colleen and three sons.

</doc>
<doc id="20291650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291650" title="Cristian Tănase">
Cristian Tănase

Cristian Tănase (born 18 February 1987) is a Romanian footballer, who plays for Steaua București and the Romania national team. He is a versatile midfielder that has played as a left winger, a right winger and as a central attacking midfield.
Club career.
Argeș Pitești and loan to Dacia Mioveni.
Tănase began his career on youthside for Argeș Pitești and in the summer of 2003 was promoted to the first team which played in the Liga I. He only played in a handful of games in his first years with the Romanian team and as a result he was loaned to Dacia Mioveni for the first half of the 2005–06 campaign. He gathered five games for the Mioveni team.
After his return to Argeș Pitești he became an important player in the team gathering more than 100 games before his departure.
Steaua Bucuresti.
On 6 August 2009 he signed a 5-year contract with Steaua București for an undisclosed fee, though media reports estimated it to be €1.8 million for buying 50% of the player's rights.
On 13 December 2009 he scored his first goal for Steaua in a 3–2 victory against Internațional Curtea de Argeș, which was a fantastic winning goal in the 72nd minute.
In the 2010–11 he scored 3 goals, 2 in the 2010-11 UEFA Europa League and one from a spectacular volley against Liga I side Pandurii Târgu Jiu.
In the 2011–12 season he showed he was in perfect form by scoring in a 4–0 win against Liga I side Mioveni and scored the goal against CSKA Sofia that qualified his team for the 2011-12 UEFA Europa League group stage. He continued his good form, contributing two essential goals against Maccabi Haifa in the group stage.
International career.
Tănase played his debut for the Romania national football team in a friendly game on 19 November 2008 against Georgia.
On 1 April 2009 he scored his first goal against Austria.
On January 27, 2012 Tănase scored two goals in a 4–0 thrashing over Turkmenistan. This brings his tally to 5 goals in 27 games so far.
Career statistics.
Club.
"(Correct as of 6 September 2013)"

</doc>
<doc id="20291651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291651" title="Gynocentrism">
Gynocentrism

Gynocentrism (Greek, "gyno-", "woman", or "female") is the ideological practice, conscious or otherwise, of asserting the female point of view in public debate on a wide range of social issues. The perceptions, needs, and desires of women have primacy in this approach, where the female view is the point of departure or lens through which issues are addressed or analyzed. 
The antonymic persepective to gynocentrism is androcentrism where the male view is the central reference point.
Description.
Ideologically, gynocentrism prioritizes females hierarchically as the overriding focus, at the exclusion of all else; and as a result emulates or may be interpreted as misandry, the hatred and prejudice towards men. Katherine K. Young and Paul Nathanson claim that gynocentrism is a worldview based on the implicit or explicit belief that the world revolves around women, and is a cultural theme so well entrenched that it has become 'de rigueur' behind the scenes in law courts and government bureaucracies, which has resulted in systemic discrimination against men.
Etymology.
The term gynocentrism, derived from the Greek "gyno-", meaning “woman,” and "kentron", meaning “center,” has been in use since the 1800s and is related to older terms like gynocentric, gynarchy, gynocracy, and gynocrat, which date back to 15th Century English, and earlier in French, German, Latin and Greek variants. All these variants have been employed to refer to female power or hegemony in political, social, family, or gender contexts.
Criticism and Discussion.
Some post-modern feminists such as Nancy Fraser question the assumption of a stable concept of 'woman' which underlies all gynocentrism. Scholars Paul Nathanson and Katherine Young make a comparable claim that gynocentrism is a form of essentialism as distinct from scholarship or political activity on behalf of women, to the extent that it focuses on the innate virtues of women. Nathanson and Young add that "This worldview is explicitly misandric too, because it not only ignores the needs and problems of men, but also attacks men."
Christina Hoff Sommers has argued that gynocentrism is anti-intellectual and holds an antagonistic view of traditional scientific and creative disciplines, dismissing many important discoveries and artistic works as masculine. Sommers also writes that the presumption of objectivity ascribed to many gynocentrist theories has stifled feminist discourse and interpretation.
Feminist writer Lynda Burns emphasises that gynocentrism calls for a celebration of women's positive differences – of women's history, myths, arts and music – as opposed to an assimilationist model privileging similarity to men. However observed in practice, the preeminence of women associated with gynocentric narratives is often seen as absolute: interpersonally, culturally, historically, politically, or in broader contexts socially (i.e. popular entertainment). As such, it can shade into what Rosalind Coward called “womanism...a sort of popularized version of feminism which acclaims everything women do and disparages men”.

</doc>
<doc id="20291655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291655" title="Bartholomeus saga postola">
Bartholomeus saga postola

Bartholomeus saga postola is an Old Norse account of the life of Saint Bartholomew. The account survives in five manuscripts from the period 1220 — 1375, an additional five copies of from these earlier manuscripts from the period 1600 — 1800, and a summary survives in a manuscript from the 15th century. Of these manuscripts and copies, most are fragmentary or otherwise defective.
"Queen Hel".
In "Bartholomeus saga postola", Barthalomew is in his assigned apostolic territory of "India". The inhabitants there make sacrifices to an idol, and within the idol a devil hides who spiritually entraps men while appearing as if to cure their physical ills. Upon Bartholomew's arrival, he renders the devil impotent, demonstrating his own curative powers by curing the madness of the king's daughter. Bartholomew miraculously appears to the king while he is in his bedchamber, preaches to the king, and offers to expose the devils within the idols the following morning. The next morning, when the pagans start making sacrifices, the devil within the idol says:
"Stop sacrificing to me, you wretches, lest you have it worse; I am bound with fiery bonds by the angels of Jesus Christ, whom the Jews crucified, thinking him to be a man and susceptible to death; but he made war on Hel our queen and bound the very chieftain of Hell Hel, "heliar hofđingia" with fiery bonds, and he arose from death on the third day, and gave the sign of his cross to his apostles and sent them into all corners of the earth; and now one of them has come here, and that is who has bound me."
Queen Hel is not mentioned again in the work. Michael Bell says that while Hel "might at first appear to be identical with the well-known pagan goddess of the Norse underworld" as described in chapter 34 of the "Prose Edda" book "Gylfaginning", "in the combined light of the Old English and Old Norse versions of "Nicodemus" she casts quite a different a shadow", and that in "Bartholomeus saga postola" "she is clearly the queen of the Christian, not pagan, underworld".

</doc>
<doc id="20291691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291691" title="Marta Sosińska">
Marta Sosińska

Marta Sosińska-Janczewska (born in Warsaw, 4 October 1939) is a Polish pianist who was awarded the 7th Frédéric Chopin International Piano Competition (1965)'s 3rd prize. She subsequently contributed to a recording of Chopin's complete works. From 1985 on she held a post as professor at the Music University at Würzburg, Germany, where she lives.

</doc>
<doc id="20291694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291694" title="Jovanovski">
Jovanovski

Jovanovski () is a common Macedonian surname. It derives from Jovan, which is comparable to John in English. The part ov designates possession: Jovanov means John's. The suffix -ski means "from the family of" or "son of", thus 'Jovanovski' is equivalent to 'Johnson' in English, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20291725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291725" title="Dura Parchment 24">
Dura Parchment 24

Dura Parchment 24, designated as Uncial 0212 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. The manuscript has been assigned to the 3rd century, palaeographically, though an earlier date cannot be excluded. It contains some unusual orthographic features, which have been found nowhere else.
It is possibly the only surviving manuscript of the Greek Diatessaron, unless Papyrus 25 is also a witness to that work. The text of the fragment was reconstructed by Kraeling and Welles. Dura Parchment 24 is currently housed at Yale University (P. Dura 24), New Haven catalogued there as Dura Parch. 10.
History of the manuscript.
On March 5, 1933, during the excavations conducted by Clark Hopkins amongst the ruins of a Roman border-town, Dura-Europos, on the lower Euphrates, under the embankment which filled in the street inside the wall and also covered the Christian church and the Jewish synagogue, the parchment fragment now known as Dura Parchment 24 was found. Susan Hopkins was the first to recognize it as a portion of the Gospel.
The fragment was examined by Carl H. Kraeling, who published its text in 1935, with an extensive discussion. Kraeling concluded that the fragment was a copy of Tatian's Diatessaron. It was re-edited, with a minor corrections, by C. Bradford Welles in 1959.
According to Plooij "There is no reasonable doubt that the fragment is really Tatian".
According to Parker, Taylor, and Goodacre it is another harmony of the four Gospels, different to Diatessaron, and much closer to the text of the Gospels. Jan Joosten criticised the methods employed by Taylor, Goodacre, and Parker, according to him, these methods would have eliminated many other Tatianic witnesses because of diversity and variability in these witnesses. Dura Parchment does not constitute evidence of non-Diatessaronic composition.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1953.
Description.
The codex is not, strictly speaking, a manuscript of the New Testament — it contains only phrases from the text of the Gospels. On a single parchment leaf (10.5 cm by 9.5 cm), the following texts were copied: Matthew 27:56–57; Mark 15:40,42; Luke 23:49,50,51; John 19:38. Generally, it has been regarded as a fragment of Tatian's Diatessaron (Gospel harmony).
Only one side of the leaf has been used, and may well have come from a scroll. 
The text was written one column per page, 15 (or more) lines per page, 30–35 letters per line, in uncial letters. 
Parts of the leaf have decayed, resulting in some loss from the text — approximately the first five to seven letters of each line. Additionally, some other letters are not legible. 
Classic "nomina sacra" abbreviations were employed by the scribe, with the typical linear superscript. 
The text is written in a good book-hand. There are three kinds of "alpha": the older capital, the uncial, and the 3rd-century-cursive–type. The letters "tau" and "eta" (in the word της — 'the') have unusual characters, and were written with ligatures. The letter "mu" is characterized by a deep saddle. 
The text of the manuscript has some unusual orthographic features, which have been found nowhere else. For example, the letter "upsilon" (Υ) appears at several points in the text, but not connected with it in any way that has yet been understood. (See text transcription below, with lower case "upsilon" — υ.)
Text.
Textual character of the codex.
In Luke 23:49 it contains a unique reading: "the wives of those who had been his disciples". In Matthew 27:57, the city Arimathea, normally spelled Αριμαθαια, is spelled Ερινμαθαια (Erinmathea).
The text twice agrees with Codex Vaticanus and Bohairic against everything else (in line 1. added αι before γυναικης; in line 9. και between αγαθος and δικαιος is omitted).
There are two agreements with Codex Bezae, in line 4 it has ην δε η ημερα παρασκευη for και ημερα ην παρασκευη παρασκευς, in line 9 και ανηρ is omitted.
The fragment has two agreements with Syriac Sinaitic. First Syriac Sinaitic shares with Codex Bezae the reading ην δε η ημερα for και ημερα ην, and secondly it describes Arimathaea as "city of Judea" instead of "city of the Jews". The last reading is supported by other Syriac authorities, by Old-Latin Codex Veronensis, Vulgate, and the Arabic Harmony, against the entire Greek tradition. The fragment does not agree with the Syriac reading "Ramtha" for "Arimethaea".
The text-type of this manuscript is no longer classifiable, because of the Diatessaric character of text (likewise Papyrus 25). Even so, Aland placed it in Category III.
Significance of the manuscript.
The surviving leaf of the scroll or codex described here, was found in 1933, during excavations among the ruins of Dura-Europos, known to have been destroyed by Shapur I King of Persia in 256. This means the manuscript must have been written "before" 256 (known as a "terminus ad quem"). The time between Tatian's original composition and the production of this copy could not have been longer than 80 years (though it could have been shorter).
Before this find, the only copies of the Diatessaron known to modern scholarship were translations into languages other than Greek—notably Latin, Arabic, and Armenian. This fragment is potentially much more direct evidence that Tatian composed his Diatessaron with great diligence. "Probably he worked from four separate manuscripts, one for each of the Gospels, and, as he brought together phrases, now from this Gospel and now that, he would no doubt cross out those phrases in the manuscripts from which he was copying."
The fragment does not help in the discussion of a Greek or Syriac origin of the Diatessaron. Burkitt pointed two differences between its text of Luke 23:51 and the Old Syriac manuscripts of the Gospels ("the kingdom of Heaven" ] "the kingdom of God"), in agreement with the accepted Greek text. Baumstark, on the other hand, identified several presumed Syriasms in the diction, as well as the unusual spelling of Arimathea, Ερινμαθαια, in terms of Syriac origin.

</doc>
<doc id="20291731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291731" title="Iulian Crivac">
Iulian Crivac

Iulian Crivac (born 4 July 1976) is a retired Romanian footballer. Crivac was a central left midfielder and central defensive midfielder.
Crivac has made two appearances for the Romania national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20291765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291765" title="BBCi">
BBCi

BBCi can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20291793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291793" title="Stefan Schörghuber">
Stefan Schörghuber

Stefan Schörghuber (6 July 1961 – 25 November 2008) was a German businessman.
Schörghuber was the owner of the Schörghuber Unternehmensgruppe in Munich, Germany. After his father Josef’s death in 1995, he took over the business, restructured it, and expanded it. The business, which is organised under the holding company Schörghuber Stiftung & Co. Holding KG, is active in the drinks, building and property, aircraft leasing, and hotel industries.
Stefan Schörghuber’s wealth was estimated by Forbes to be US$2.8 billion in 2006, making him number 245, and later US$ 3.5 Billion, making him number 307 in the List of Billionaires.
Schörghuber was married, had three children and lived in Munich. Together with his wife, Alexandra, he was active in the “Josef-Schörghuber-Stiftung für Münchner Kinder”, a charitable organisation for socially deprived children and their families in Munich.
Together with Konrad Bernheimer, he established a collection of old masters which formed the Schloss Fuschl Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="20291805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291805" title="Spilonota ocellana">
Spilonota ocellana

The Bud Moth "(Spilonota ocellana)" is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (from Europe to eastern Russia and Japan. It is also present on Madeira) and North America.
The wingspan is 12–17 mm. The moth flies from May to October depending on the location. There is one generation per year.
The larvae feed on various decideous trees and shrubs.

</doc>
<doc id="20291832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291832" title="Louis Monneron">
Louis Monneron

Jean Louis Monneron (12 September 1742, Annonay, Ardèche - 30 November 1805, Senegal), known as Monneron des Mortiers or Mortars Monneron, was a French businessman, arms supplier and politician. He supplied arms to Mauritius, becoming so rich he could advance large sums to the Spanish government. He was a member of the "Amis Réunis de Pondichéry" (1771) and député of the National Constituent Assembly for the East Indies.
Family.
One brother, Pierre Antoine Monneron (1747–1801), was deputy to the National Constituent Assembly for Mauritius, whilst another - Joseph François Augustin Monneron (1756–1826) - was deputy for Paris to the Legislative Assembly, later becoming director general of the Caisse des Comptes Courants. Two other brothers were the engineer Paul Mérault Monneron and the deputy Charles Claude Ange Monneron.

</doc>
<doc id="20291853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291853" title="Fiona Ruttelle">
Fiona Ruttelle

Fiona Ruttelle is an Australian actress, singer, model and artist. She received an AFI Award nomination for "Best Actress in a Lead Role" for her role in the Richard Lowenstein directed movie "Say a Little Prayer". She was a member of Freaked Out Flower Children, a band that released an album "Love In" (1991). The album included the single "Spill the Wine", which reached no. 31 on the Australian single charts.

</doc>
<doc id="20291865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291865" title="John McHugh (goalkeeper)">
John McHugh (goalkeeper)

John 'Jock' McHugh (13 August 1909 – 9 October 1966) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. McGregor was playing for Burnbank Athletic before signing for Dundee United in 1928 following Bill Paterson's transfer to Arsenal. He made his United debut in February 1928, sharing goalkeeping duties with Alex Johnstone during the 1927-28 season. He became the second choice keeper for the 1928-29 season and helped the side to promotion, winning the Scottish Second Division championship, although he also spent time on loan at Montrose. During the First Division campaign that followed, McHugh became first choice again and attracted interest from Portsmouth, signing for the club in November 1930 for a fee of £400. McHugh went on to play for Watford and had a loan spell with Southend United during his time at Vicarage Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20291875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291875" title="G. Ram Reddy">
G. Ram Reddy

http://www.col.org/forum/photos/LowRes/reddy.jpg
Professor G. Ram Reddy (December 4, 1929 – July 2, 1995) is renowned architect of Distance Education and the father of open learning in India.
Recognition.
He was presented the prestigious Sri Raja-Lakshmi Foundation Award for his stupendous work in Education in 1994.
In memory of his remarkable services, the Andhra Pradesh Government named the Centre of Distance Education in Osmania University as G. Ram Reddy Centre of Distance Education. Also, Prof. G. Ram Reddy Memorial Lecture was instituted in his memory by the IGNOU, New Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="20291889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291889" title="Rationalist Association of India">
Rationalist Association of India

Rationalist Association of India (RAI) is an Indian rationalist organisation that was established in 1930.
Dr. D’ Avoine was the President of the Rationalist Association of India (RAI) from 1938 to
1944.

</doc>
<doc id="20291906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291906" title="Pierre Antoine Monneron">
Pierre Antoine Monneron

Pierre Antoine Monneron (16 January 1747 – 8 June 1801) was a French merchant, banker, writer and politician. 
Monneron was born in Annonay, Ardèche. He was deputy to the French National Convention for Mauritius. His brothers, Joseph François Augustin Monneron and Louis Monneron, were also active in French national and colonial politics of the time, whilst his brother Charles Claude Ange Monneron was an engineer and explorer.
Pierre Monneron died in Pamplemousses, Mauritius, aged 54.

</doc>
<doc id="20291908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291908" title="Regina Smendzianka">
Regina Smendzianka

Regina Smendzianka (9 October 192415 September 2011) was a Polish pianist.
Regina Smendzianka was born in Toruń, and began her public performances as a child of eight surprising the audience with her mature interpretation of the classical works. In 1949 she was awarded the just resumed International Chopin Piano Competition's 11th prize soon after graduating from the Kraków State Music Academy with the highest marks. She was a disciple of Zbigniew Drzewiecki from 1950 to 1955, and subsequently launched an international career. Smendzianka held a professorship at the Fryderyk Chopin Music Academy until 1996, briefly serving as the institution's rector. Among her students are contemporary classical pianists such as: Andrzej Dutkiewicz, Elżbieta Karaś-Krasztel, Maria Korecka, Ewa Kupiec, Elżbieta Tarnawska, Sławomir Dobrzański, Maciej Grzybowski, Nina Drath, Kazimierz Brzozowski, Artur Cieślak. Smendzianka was a juror at the 1970, 1980, 1995 and 2000 editions of the Chopin Competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20291951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291951" title="Boharigau">
Boharigau

Boharigau is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3262 people living in 572 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20291956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291956" title="Heatherwood Hospital">
Heatherwood Hospital

Heatherwood Hospital is an NHS hospital in Ascot, Berkshire, part of the Heatherwood and Wexham Park Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.
The hospital was opened in 1922 for the United Services Fund and later taken over by the London County Council giving priority to children of ex-servicemen from London. After formation of the National Health Service it became a general hospital serving the new town of Bracknell. Frimley Park NHS Foundation Trust is currently investigating a takeover of heatherwood and wexham to form a single large trust.
Early History.
Originally a Victorian country residence built in 1876, possibly for the Farrar family (whose motto 'Ferre va Ferme' appears over the front door), Heatherfield as it was then known was in the ownership of the Ponsonby family between 1881 and 1891, when the Hon. Ashley Ponsonby, a Justice of the Peace and cousin of Sir Henry Ponsonby, Equerry to Queen Victoria, and his family had their country seat there.
In 1891 the gardener, Richard Saunders, lived at the Lodge, while the coachman, Cornelius Banister, lived at the Stables (now demolished).
The New York Times reported that on 28 January 1891, Claude Ashley Charles Ponsonby, Ashley's son, married Miss Haller Gross Horwitz of Baltimore in the USA at All Saints church in Ascot. Claude's brother Eustace was the best man. The paper reported that the church was "crowded with representatives of a number of the most aristocratic English families and was handsomely decorated with palms and lilies of the valley". After the wedding, the bride's mother Mrs Horwitz "...gave a dejeuner at Heatherfield, which was largely attended".
By 1900 the estate was known as Heatherwood and had been acquired by Sir Thomas Lucas, Bart., who was described as "of 12a Kensington Palace-gardens, and Heatherwood, Ascot..." in a notice of his forthcoming marriage in the Times. Sir Thomas was the son of Thomas Lucas who, with his elder brother Charles Thomas, founded Lucas Brothers, Builders. The brothers' prestigious list of building contracts in London includes the Royal Albert Hall, Covent Garden Opera House and Alexandra Palace.
The estate was offered for sale at auction by Messers Chancellor and Sons in 1906, but failed to find a purchaser.
There is a Bronze Age barrow at Heatherwood, indicating there has been human occupation on the site for thousands of years.
First use as a hospital.
The house and estate was eventually acquired (possibly in 1919 when the estate was offered for sale at auction but more likely in 1920 when it was sold by private treaty by Hamptons) by the United Services Fund and converted to a hospital for the children of ex-servicemen from the 1914-1918 war, specialising in the treatment of children suffering from surgical tuberculosis and other orthopaedic diseases. Patients were admitted from 1922 and the new hospital was officially opened by the Duke of Connaught in May 1923. The house itself, recently converted to private apartments, was at that time used as a nurses home.
The first consulting surgeon was Sir Henry Gauvain.
Film location.
Heatherwood was used as the exterior of 'Finisham Maternity Hospital' in Carry On Matron (1972).
Service cuts.
The birth unit was closed in September 2011 due to staff shortages.
The minor injuries unit is set to close in January 2014 and relocate to Bracknell.

</doc>
<doc id="20291963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291963" title="Bramhadev">
Bramhadev

Bramhadev is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1769 people living in 314 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20291970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291970" title="Atlantarctia tigrina">
Atlantarctia tigrina

Atlantarctia tigrina is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found on the Iberian Peninsula and the South of France and Italy.
The larvae feed on various plants, including "Syringa", "Euphorbia" and "Genista" species.

</doc>
<doc id="20291975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291975" title="Joseph François Augustin Monneron">
Joseph François Augustin Monneron

Joseph François Augustin Monneron (24 December 1756, Annonay, Ardèche – 13 August 1826, New Orleans) was French banker and politician, as well as an active merchant in New Orleans seeking to reestablish French influence there after the Louisiana purchase. He was deputy for Paris to the Legislative Assembly until retiring from it in 1792. His brothers Louis Monneron (1742-1805) and Pierre Antoine Monneron (1747-1801) were deputies to the Estates General of 1789 for the East Indies and Mauritius respectively. Other brothers were the deputy Charles Claude Ange Monneron and the engineer Paul Mérault Monneron.

</doc>
<doc id="20291978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291978" title="Byash">
Byash

"For other uses see Byans (disambiguation)"
Byash (Nepali: , ) is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 723 people living in 150 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20291988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291988" title="Chhapari">
Chhapari

Chhapari is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2227 people living in 361 individual households.
External links.
CHHAPARI PEOPLE
these is about chhapri village development committee. Bt some people are called by name chhapari.
Chhapari means people are mad crazy
In puna there are few chhapari people, which are perfect example of chhapari
1.Adil Mukadam
Another name Gandya Mota.
No. 5 chhapari
2.

</doc>
<doc id="20291992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291992" title="Marieke D'Cruz">
Marieke D'Cruz

Marieke Katherine D'Cruz (née Guehrer), born 9 February 1986, is an Australian swimmer who is the former world record holder in the 50 metres butterfly short course. She clocked 24.99 seconds
After her breakout meet in late 2008, D'Cruz broke her personal best times in several events, also breaking the short course 50 m butterfly world record. At the 2009 Telstra Aus trials, she earned an individual spot in the 100 m freestyle clocking 54.28 along with a spot on the 4×100 m freestyle relay team. The next day she clocked 25.60 s in the 50 m Butterfly, easily making the qualifying time and becoming the third fastest in history in that event, after some thunderous times posted in the semi-finals, the fasted qualifiers failed to match their times in the final, and Guehrer won gold.
At the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, D'Cruz picked up her first medal on day one with a bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay. With a tremendously fast semi-finals in the 50 m butterfly, from lane 6 Guehrer caused an upset capturing gold.
At the 2010 Commonwealth Games, D'Cruz won silver in the 50m butterfly final to Francesca Halsall and won gold in the 4×100 m freestyle relay.

</doc>
<doc id="20291998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20291998" title="Dadakot">
Dadakot

Dadakot is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1871 people living in 327 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292010" title="Datu, Nepal">
Datu, Nepal

Dattu is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1832 people living in 344 individual households.It consist of 9 wards viz. Sakar, Thapala, Mali Dattu, Bait, Ulaini, Tali Dattu, Udyai, Kholi, Chuchai.

</doc>
<doc id="20292015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292015" title="Max Simon">
Max Simon

Max Simon (6 January 1899 – 1 February 1961) was a German SS-Gruppenführer (lieutenant General) und Generalleutnant der Waffen-SS during World War II, who was awarded the Knight's Cross with Oakleaves. Simon was a private in the Prussian Army during World War I and was one of the first members of the SS in the early 1930s. He would rise through the ranks of the SS, and become a Corps commander during World War II. At the end of the war he was captured by the Allies and put on trial for war crimes.
Early career.
Simon was born in Breslau. In 1917 he joined the Royal Prussian Army's Leib-Kürassier-Regiment "Großer Kurfürst", which was part of the 11th Division.
He served in Macedonia and on the Western Front, being awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class (1914).
At the end of the war he joined the Freikorps in Silesia and fought against the Polish forces. His unit was later incorporated into the Reichswehr as the 16th Cavalry Regiment and Simon was promoted to Unterfeldwebel.
In May 1933 he joined the SS service number 83 086 and the NSDAP party number 1 350 576, and was assigned to the 47th SS-Standarte in Gera and was promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) in November 1934, until ordered to raise a new unit in 1935, 1st SS Totenkopfstandarte "Oberbayern" and given the rank of Standartenführer (Colonel).
In 1934 he was appointed as the commander of the Sachsenburg, concentration camp.
In 1938 he was involved in the Anschluss of Austria, the occupation of Bohemia and Moravia and the occupation of the Sudetenland.
World War II.
Battle of France.
At the start of World War II, the SS Regiment was renamed in October 1939. The 1st SS Totenkopfstandarte "Oberbayern", as the 1st Panzer Grenadier Regiment SS Totenkopf Division and was later renamed the 5th Panzer Grenadier regiment in 1943. During the Battle of France Simon, led his regiment in the capture of Pixie, Lyon, Orléans, Tours and Bordeaux and then advanced to the border with Spain.
Operation Barbarossa.
In July 1941 Simon was involved in the invasion of Russia, (Operation Barbarossa) as part of Army Group North, taking Kraslava and breaking through the Stalin line, where Simon was wounded.
In the weeks after the invasion Simon's regiment, during the fighting south of Lake Ilmen, captured huge quantities of Russian equipment and numerous prisoners.
For the fighting in the Battles of the Demyansk Pocket, Simon was awarded the Knight's Cross and promoted to Oberführer (Brigadier General).
In December 1942 Simon was promoted again to Brigadeführer (Major General), prior to being given command of the 16th SS Panzergrenadier Division Reichsführer-SS.
16th SS Panzergrenadier Division Reichsführer-SS.
This new Waffen SS division would be formed in Hungary from Simon's old regiment and the Sturmbrigade Reichsführer SS.
In 1944 the division was moved to Italy, and fought, never complete, at Anzio and later in the Arno sector, where it gained a reputation for stability although it suffered heavy losses during the battles in the Apennines. The division also fought against partisans in the Rückraum area, perpetrating several major atrocities against the civilians,(Sant'Anna di Stazzema massacre and Marzabotto massacre) for which Simon was awarded the Oakleaves for the Knight's Cross and the German Cross in Gold, in October 1944.
XIII SS Corps.
In November 1944, Simon was promoted to SS-Gruppenführer (Lieutenant General) und Generalleutnant der Waffen-SS, and given command of the XII SS Corps.
The XIII SS Corps deployed to the Lorraine region against the United States Army, and from December 1944 defended the Siegfried Line, now called the western wall.
The XIII SS Army Corps was forced to withdraw into the Saarland and the Palatinate where it started to destroy the Rhine bridges.
In April 1945 between Main and Jagst it came up against the 4th US Armored Division and was involved in heavy fighting around the Tauber – Colombia line and around Würzburg and Nuremberg.
The Corps then fought a withdrawal to the Danube and around Munich.
On the orders of Simon the bridges over the Isar were not blown up, as he believed there was no need as the end of the war was near.
Simon ordered the execution of Friedrich Hanselmann, Leonhard Gackstatter and Leonhard Wolfmeyer for "Wehrkraftzersetzung" on 10 April 1945. The farmer Hanselmann had taken away the weapons of 15 year boys from the Hitler Youth and had thrown them in the local pond. The boys reported this to their commanding officer SS-"Sturmbannführer" Gottschalk, who had Hanselmann arrested. Gottschalk sentenced Hanselmann to death and asked the mayor of Brettheim, Gackstetter and the teacher Wolfmeyer to confirm the sentence. The two men refused and were subsequently also arrested and sentenced to death. The men were executed by hanging and strung up on a tree at the entrance of the local cemetery. Simon had ordered to leave the bodies hanging for four days. US forces captured Brettheim on 17 April 1945. The people of Brettheim still feared SS repression and failed to hiss the white flag to signal surrender. This provoked Brettheim to be bombed killing 17 civilians.
On 1 May 1945 the Corps surrendered to the American forces.
After the war, Max Simon was sentenced to death by a British court for his part in the Marzabotto massacre. This sentence was later changed to life imprisonment. Simon was pardoned in 1954 and released from prison.
Max Simon died on 1 February 1961 at Lünen.

</doc>
<doc id="20292028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292028" title="Dethala">
Dethala

Dethala is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3155 people living in 507 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292033" title="Dhap">
Dhap

Dhap is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4092 people living in 694 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292038" title="Dhari, Nepal">
Dhari, Nepal

Dhari is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2981 people living in 525 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292040" title="Katarzyna Popowa-Zydroń">
Katarzyna Popowa-Zydroń

</gallery>http://chopin2010.pl/uploads/pics/Katarzyna_Popowa-Zydron_630_x_450_02.jpg
Katarzyna Popowa-Zydroń is a Polish pianist of Bulgarian descent. 
She graduated with honour from the State High School of Music (Academy of Music) in Gdansk, in prof.Zbigniew Sliwinski's class, in 1973. Completed her postgraduate studies in Hochschule für Musik und darstellende Kunst in Vienna, in prof. Alexander Jenner's class.
Prizewinner of the Polish Competitions: 4th Polish Festival of Young Musicians, 2nd Polish Competition of Piano Music. Entered semi-finals of 9th International Chopin Competition Warsaw, Piano Competition in Terni, Italy, 1975 and ARD Piano Competition in Munich in 1978.
She obtained an honourable mention at the 1975 Fryderyk Chopin International Piano Competition. Rafał Blechacz's teacher, Popowa-Zydroń is best known for her work as a pedagogue. She has been decorated by the Commission of National Education (2004) and the Order of Polonia Restituta's Commander Cross (2005).
She is a professor of piano at the Academy of Music in Gdansk and in Bydgoszcz.

</doc>
<doc id="20292054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292054" title="Dhaulakot">
Dhaulakot

Dhaulakot is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2094 people living in 337 individual households.
Dhaulakot is 13 kilometers from district headquarters Kahlaga. There are nine wards in the VDC. Chandakot is the most important village in Dhoulakot.
The village of Dhaulakot has temples to the Hindu gods Bhumiraj and Brahma. Temples named Harichnd Devta and Ritghade Bubu are also situated at the bank of the Ritghad River.

</doc>
<doc id="20292059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292059" title="Days of Worth">
Days of Worth

Days of Worth were a five-piece English rock band. Formed in 2002, they quickly forged their own variation on the UK rock sound of the time, influenced by the likes of Hundred Reasons, Hell Is For Heroes and more obscure bands such as Handsome and the Boston based outfit Cave In. They also name early 90's bands such as Soundgarden as influences.
In mid-2002 the band released their debut five-track EP, "Extended Play", through indie label Alpha9. Four of the five tracks, "Ladies and Gentlemen", "State of Me", "Take Me Through" and "Narcolepsy" would later be re-recorded for their first album, "The Western Mechanism". The fifth track, titled "Retainer", remains the only track to be exclusive to the EP.
Although the band were quick to distance themselves from their first recording it gained them a sizable local following and attracted the attention of London-based label Visible Noise, who signed them in early 2003.
The album "The Western Mechanism" was released in 2005 to great critical praise. However, despite continued support for the band from the rock press in the U.K, Days of Worth remained somewhat of an obscurity, and were eventually dropped by Visible Noise. They disbanded shortly after.
The band members were: Simon Ellis Griffiths (vocals), Alex Jarczok (guitar), Chris Gane (guitar), Kerry Lambert (bass) and Andy Green (drums).
Bassist Kerry Lambert went on to join DIY indie rock band fiN who have since released four 7" vinyl singles and a digital only album entitled Life Is Wasted On The Living. fiN have toured with the likes of Muse, Incubus, Feeder and Mona and continue to play shows as often as possible all over the UK and Europe.
Simon Griffiths went on to join Post-Hardcore band Radio Alcatraz in late 2010. Radio Alcatraz released their debut album 'Populous: In The Belly Of The Beast' on August 1, 2012, after support slots with Anti-Flag, Godsized and ex Hundred Reasons/Reuben band Freeze The Atlantic.

</doc>
<doc id="20292061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292061" title="Thera obeliscata">
Thera obeliscata

The Grey Pine Carpet "(Thera obeliscata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout Europe.
The wingspan is 28–36 mm. The moth flies from April to October depending on the location.
The larva primarily feed on Pine and Spruce.

</doc>
<doc id="20292068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292068" title="Dhuligada">
Dhuligada

Dhuligada is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2878 people living in 467 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292077" title="Eyarkot">
Eyarkot

Eyarkot is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1448 people living in 239 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292080" title="Monneron family">
Monneron family

The Monneron family was a French family of businessmen and politicians, best known for the Monneron brothers.
It originated in the small village of Ampurany near Tournon-sur-Rhône, but set up shop in Chanos since 1550. Antoine Monneron and his wife Barbe Arnault had 20 children, 8 dying in infancy. They lived successively in Antibes, Tournon (1737), and Annonay (1739) where Antoine bought the position of receiver of the grenier à sel tax. Antoine was also lawyer to the Parlement and controller-general of the Fermes du Roi to the Parlement d'Antibes.
Bank.
Les Frères Monneron was built up in England by Matthew Boulton, thanks to the steam engine of James Watt, producing 2 and 5 sols coins in great quantities in the Soho factory in Birmingham from the end of 1791.
These pieces of necessity money eased the coinage shortage then current in France and their technical and aesthetic quality was much superiour to mediocre base metal issues produced by official sources.
In March 1792, the Monnerons went bankrupt and Pierre fled. His brother Augustin took over the business, but a law of 3 May 1792 forbade the production of money by private concerns. In September a decree forbade the commercialisation of confidence-coins. These necessity coins were in circulation until the end of 1793.

</doc>
<doc id="20292086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292086" title="Ghusa">
Ghusa

Ghusa is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1026 people living in 165 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292099" title="Gokuleswor, Darchula">
Gokuleswor, Darchula

Gokuleswor is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2694 people living in 486 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292114" title="Gulijar">
Gulijar

Gulijar is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2970 people living in 485 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292127" title="Gwami">
Gwami

Gwami is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3361 people living in 550 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292129" title="Suzanne Lachelier">
Suzanne Lachelier

Suzanne Lachelier (b. 1967 in New York) is an American lawyer and Commander in the United States Navy. A career Navy officer, she is among the military attorneys assigned to defend detainees at Guantanamo Bay detention camp. She is the first defense lawyer to be allowed to a top-secret location, known as Camp 7 or Camp Platinum, where former CIA detainees are held at Guantanamo. Lachelier is notable for the legal struggle she waged in order to meet her client, Ramzi bin al-Shibh, who had refused to leave his cell. 
Early life and education.
Suzanne Lachelier was born in New York in 1967. She moved with her family to Orgeval, France, where she lived until 1983. She is fluent in French and English. She graduated from Boston University School of Law in 1992.
Career.
Lachelier is a career officer in the Judge Advocate General Corps of the military. 
She is one of the officers assigned to defend high-value detainees at Guantanamo Bay detention camp before military commissions. She is notable for the legal struggle she waged in order to meet her client, Ramzi bin al-Shibh, who refused to leave his cell. She was worried that he was suffering from mental illness. 
These former CIA detainees were held in a top-secret location in the complex. When they were transported to and from court and other locations, they had to wear hoods to prevent their seeing anything. 
She petitioned the Presiding Officer of the military commissions to be allowed to visit al-Shibh at the secret site. She had been prohibited from visiting al-Shibh, as she did not have the clearance to know its location. She offered to wear a hood, while being transported to and from the site, so she would not learn its location or character.
On 18 November 2008 Lachelier and her co-counsel, Rich Federico, were allowed to visit the site without being forced to wear hoods. They were transported in the same windowless van used to transport the detainees, so they could see nothing and could not learn the camp's location. She was particularly concerned about Bin al Shibh's mental health. 
During the earlier, Presidentially authorized, military commissions, struck down by the United States Supreme Court in "Hamdan v. Rumsfeld" (2006), suspects were not allowed to defend themselves, nor were they free to choose not to attend their commissions. The military commissions that were later authorized by the United States Congress, through the Military Commissions Act of 2006
In May 2008, Lachelier played a key role in arranging for another of her clients, Ibrahim Al Qosi, to make his first phone call home to Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="20292141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292141" title="Hikila">
Hikila

Hikila is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2321 people living in 374 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292150" title="Uncial 0213">
Uncial 0213

Uncial 0213 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering) is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 5th or 6th century.
Description.
The codex contains a part of the Gospel of Mark (3:2-3,5), on only 1 parchment leaf (33 cm by 23 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 23 lines per page.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th or 6th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1953.
The codex is located at the Austrian National Library, in Vienna, with the shelf number Pap. G. 1384.

</doc>
<doc id="20292153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292153" title="Hunainath">
Hunainath

Hunainath is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1631.

</doc>
<doc id="20292161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292161" title="Firmographics">
Firmographics

Firmographics (also known as "emporographics" or firm "demographics") are set of characteristics to segment prospect organizations.
What demographics are to people, firmographics are to organizations.
However, Webster (2005) suggested that the term “firmographics” is a combination of demographics and geographics.
Commonly used firmographics include SIC, company size and location. Mostly term “Firmographics” is used in relation to a first step of nested approach or segmentation funnel, which was introduced by Shapiro and Bonoma in 1984.
Goals and purposes.
Firmographics variables allow to consider the features of organizational behavior in details, for instance in particular industry. It is helpful when there is no significant difference between operating variables, purchasing approach, situational factors and personal characteristics of customers.
Geodemographic segmentation is a logical starting point because 
However, Webster (2005) believed that this approach misses a set of essential variables. Moreover, a differentiation between segmentation bases of nested approach is too complicated.
Historical development.
First attempts to segment industrial markets have been made back in 1934. J. Frederick described five factors that should be considered when defining a component market: industry, product use, company buying habits, channels of distribution, and geographic location.
The term emporographics was coined by Banting in the early 1970s and refers to the equivalent of demographics in the context of industrial markets (Gross, A.C., Banting, P.M., Meredith, L.N., and Ford, I.D.: Business Marketing. Houghton Mifflin, Boston, MA, 1993). However, now the term “firmographics” is increasingly widely used.
Yoram Wind and Richard Cardozo in 1974 advocate a two-stage approach to industrial segmentation that consists of macrosegments and microsegments.
They explain that macrosegments consist of key organizational characteristics such as size of the buying firm, SIC category, geographic location, and usage factors, hence, mostly of firm demographics. In some cases, single-stage segmentation based primarily on business demographics is sufficient for identifying and targeting markets. More typical, however, is that a two-stage approach that will employ benefits and organizational psychographics and purchasing criteria will be needed to provide complete market profiles.
Firmographics play crucial role in one of the most significant developments in business segmentation theory came in 1984 with the work of Bonoma and Shapiro who were the first to propose a truly multistep basis for segmenting business markets. They proposed the use of five general segmentation criteria which they arranged in a nested hierarchy. The set of segmentation bases captures from macro-level to micro-level, and firmographics belong to the macro approach and comprise from industry, company size, customer location.
Benefits and pitfalls.
It is not recommended to base segmentation solely on emporographics in the long term unless they reflect clear differences in needs, benefits, and product use. This is because the increasing competitive pressures observable in most organizational markets will, sooner or later, erode any industry structures not based on customer needs.
Firmographics may bear little direct relation to user needs or purchase requirements and benefits. Curran and Goodfellow suggest that descriptor-based approaches are popular, because they are convenient, clear cut, easy to implement, and they result in boundaries that are relatively stable over time.
Nevertheless, they add, such approaches are also arbitrary and usually are based largely on managerial judgment and intuition. It is easy for empirically oriented academics to underestimate the importance and value of managerial intuition, especially when this is based on experience. The attraction of descriptor-based or firmographic approaches is understandable in the circumstances and can provide useful and important insights to the practical issues of engaging with customers. More accurately, such emporographic variables facilitate such logistical issues of supplier convenience as minimizing sales or distribution costs and, perhaps, prices but this is not the principal reason for emporographic analysis.
But these approaches provide little understanding of underlying customer needs and so do not constitute a sufficient basis for segmentation in unfamiliar or competitively challenging markets. This point is demonstrated in product development processes where sophisticated segmentation will provide ample insight to evolving customer needs into the future, while emporographic approaches will struggle even to describe historic customer needs.
Variables.
Industry.
Industry firmographics refer to the activities of the firm. At a very high level, organizations can be classified into business and government segments.
Most business activities are naturally constrained to certain industries due to their core competencies or the demands of the customers. Only a few business activities are not. Therefore industry type becomes a natural market segmentation variable for businesses. Government organizations can be segmented by their federal, state, county, regional, city, and municipality status. 
The dominant business segmentation variables are those associated with an NAICS or SIC code. NAICS refers to the North American Industry Classification System adapted by the U.S. Census bureau in 1997. SIC refers to the older Standard Industrial Classification system that was established in 1937. Either NAICS or SIC can be used to identify firms by industry. While most businesses use the newer NAICS, many still work with the older SIC and both systems can be used with most modern business research reports and tools.
Location.
Location firmographics refers to the where the business is located. As a segmentation variable, firms may be aggregated by city, metropolitan statistical area, state, region, country, or continent. Alternatively, firms may be targeted according to their distance from a central location, usually the location of the firm conducting the sales and marketing effort. Most business activities are naturally constrained to certain regions due to competitive pressures, legal restrictions, and cost constraints. Only a few business activities are not. As such, location becomes a natural market segmentation variable for businesses. The nature of the industry plays a role if the location is of big importance. Businesses in a certain industry can therefore be compared with each other on location.
Customer size.
Customer size in Firmographics refers to the size of clients the company has. This can range from small- to mid-size companies or Fortune 500 clients.(Korten, 2012) The size of customers companies aim for may distinguish one company from another. The basis for measuring the different size of customers is depending on which product or service is being purchased. For example you have customers that purchase high volume because of low-priced product or customers that purchase low volume because of high-priced product.
Status and Structure.
Status and structure firmographics can refer to the relation of one organization to another, or it can refer to the legal status of an organization.
For instance, individual establishments (also known as firms by the above definition) may be categorized as being independent businesses, part of a larger parent company, or the headquarters of a parent company. Similarly, firms may be categorized as being a stand-alone entity, a franchisee of a franchising organization, a subsidiary of a larger organization, or the outlet of a larger organization. Alternatively, firms may be categorized as being a sole proprietorship, limited liability corporation, limited liability partnership, private corporation, or public shareholder-owned corporation. Other variables describing the status or structure of an organization are used as well.
Performance.
Performance firmographics refer to the characteristics of a firm related to its business execution over time.
The duration of a firm’s existence, rate of growth or decline, profits and losses, and changes in profits and losses can all be indicators of the likelihood of a firm to need a business product or service. Firms in the same industry of relatively similar size but undergoing different rates of growth or decline are likely to have very different demands for business services. As such, they can form meaningful segmentation variables. 
Companies carrying put segmentation of their customers choose performance metrics based on the information they would like to acquire. That is why there may be no performance variable, but a group of variables that can be referred to as «performance», such as:
The table below represents some other possible variables used in firmographics:

</doc>
<doc id="20292167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292167" title="Huti, Nepal">
Huti, Nepal

Huti is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2317 people living in 417 individual households.
References.
Huti is named of the villge & same name as the VDC name is also huti. in HUti VDC there is temple of the GREAT BRAMA DEVTA temple which is located at the huti-2. There are many piligrims came in the temple so BRAMA devta temple is the one of the HOLY place of GOD BRAMA.

</doc>
<doc id="20292178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292178" title="Kante, Nepal">
Kante, Nepal

Kante is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2865.

</doc>
<doc id="20292181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292181" title="Out of Town News">
Out of Town News

Out of Town News is an iconic newsstand located in the center of Harvard Square, Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The newsstand was long noted for stocking the leading newspapers from around the nation and around the world. Customers, especially academics, would come long distances to get the most recent editions of their home town paper, or of newspapers from parts of the world where important news events were unfolding.
In 2008, it was announced that the newsstand might go out of business because its unique function of supplying yesterday's "Times of India" or "Le Monde", flown in overnight, was made obsolete by the ability to read them online. However, in January 2009 a new owner signed a lease to take over the newsstand and keep it alive.
Since the MBTA Red Line extension was finished in the 1980s, the newsstand has been housed in the former MBTA kiosk, a National Historic Landmark built in 1928 as a shelter for the Harvard Square stop on the Boston Elevated Railway, a precursor to the MBTA.

</doc>
<doc id="20292191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292191" title="Khalanga, Mahakali">
Khalanga, Mahakali

Khalanga (Darchula) is a town and Village Development Committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. It is the district headquarters. The town is located near the Mahakali River which is the border with Uttarakhand state, India. Indian and Nepalese nationals cross unrestricted, however there is a customs checkpoint for goods.
Demographics.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4422 people living in 809 individual households.
Media.
To Promote local culture Khalanga has one FM radio station Radio Kalapani - 102.2 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20292193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292193" title="Iulius Mall">
Iulius Mall

Iulius Mall is a chain of malls in Romania. It currently operates four malls in four cities:

</doc>
<doc id="20292206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292206" title="Khandeswori">
Khandeswori

Khandeswori is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1917 people living in 297 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292212" title="Khar, Nepal">
Khar, Nepal

Khar is a village development committee (VDC) of Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of Far-Western Development Region, Nepal. Geographically khar is located 29.79 N and 80.64 E, its nearest border to the district headquarters is Dallekh which is 10- 12 kilometer north east to the Darchula. The Khar VDC is surrounded by Sipti and Dhuligada VDC to the East and South, Katai to the West, and Eyarkot to the North. According to national census 2011 khar VDC has total population 4,272 (2,056 male and 2,216 female) residing 698 households.
References.
1. National Population and Housing Census 2011: Village Development Community/Municipality:http://cbs.gov.np/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/VDC_Municipality.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="20292214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292214" title="List of mountains of Uzbekistan">
List of mountains of Uzbekistan


</doc>
<doc id="20292216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292216" title="1939 South African Grand Prix">
1939 South African Grand Prix

The 1939 South African Grand Prix was a voiturette race held at the Prince George Circuit on 2 January 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20292218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292218" title="Petrovski">
Petrovski

Petrovski () is a Macedonian surname meaning 'son of Peter' and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20292224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292224" title="Kharkada">
Kharkada

Kharkada is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2591 people living in 473 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292231" title="Uku, Nepal">
Uku, Nepal

Uku is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal right bank of Kali river. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3931. It is a Historical place being an ancient kingdom of kings of Pal dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="20292243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292243" title="Muthoot Family">
Muthoot Family

The Muthoot family is one of the foremost business houses in South India. The family has interests in various sectors of business varying from Financial Services to Media. The founder of the Muthoot Group was Ninan Mathai Muthoot, from whom the business house was later taken over by his son, M. George Muthoot. The family traces its roots to the small town of Kozhencherry in Central Travancore.
The Muthoot family are Christians belonging to the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church, and is one of the most influential members among the Christian community in Kerala. M. G. George Muthoot, the third son of M. George Muthoot became the Trustee of the Malankara Orthodox Church in March 2007.
India Today rated the Muthoot Family among the most influential business houses in Kerala. Dhanam (Wealth), a business magazine in Kerala, also rated Muthoot as one of the foremost business families of Kerala.
The Muthoot M. George Charitable Trust reaches over 20,000 people in need of assistance every year. The Trust is engaged in various activities such as Disaster Relief, Community Development and Social Welfare.

</doc>
<doc id="20292244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292244" title="Rithachaupata">
Rithachaupata

Rithachaupata is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3864 people living in 691 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292255" title="Lali, Mahakali">
Lali, Mahakali

Lali is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3005 people living in 528 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292265" title="Hybrid Sanskrit">
Hybrid Sanskrit

Hybrid Sanskrit may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="20292267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292267" title="Eva Sandberg">
Eva Sandberg

Eva Sandberg (November 8, 1911 in Breslau - November 29, 2001 in Beijing) was a Jewish German photographer who took Soviet citizenship. In Moscow she met and married the Chinese communist poet Xiao San. In 1939, after twelve years in Moscow, Xiao was ordered to the revolutionary base at Yan'an; Sandberg was allowed to accompany him.
Only White Woman at Yan'an.
The First (or Central) Red Army and CCP headquarters had been in northern Shaanxi for four years, having arrived there from their abandoned Jiangxi base. Xiao, a Hunanese and an old classmate of Mao's, took over the editorial department at the Reds' Lu Xun Academy of Arts. Under the exacting conditions of the Second Sino-Japanese War Sandberg here bore Xiao two sons. She was the base's only resident western female; the reporter and spy Agnes Smedley, who famously initiated the leadership's Saturday dances, was a visitor. After five years Sandberg returned to Moscow, taking Xiao's sons. The eventual Japanese surrender did not bring peace to China, of course, as the civil war then sputtered to resumption. In March 1947 the Communists evacuated Yan'an and the National Army general Hu Zongnan occupied it. Only in March 1949, with the leadership ensconced in a western suburb of Beijing, did Xiao board a train for Moscow with a delegation of writers; he was headed to Stockholm for committee work on the Geneva Conventions but very much looked forward to seeing his wife and children however briefly after four years.
Only Three Soviet Women in China.
Reunited, the Xiao family returned to The PRC. The CPC-controlled government's first five-year plan brought grand-scale modernisation to the country at last, but collectivisation resulted in famine; doubts raised among the aghast planners were met with political movements called Hundred Flowers and Anti-Rightist, and a plan for the years 1958-62 called Great Leap Forward. In this climate even Xiao San, Mao's boyhood friend, dared write no more poetry; given his history the family could not long hope to avoid the regime's xenophobia, mounting even as Mao relinquished the State Chairmanship to Liu Shaoqi in 1959.
Eva had laid aside her Leica and begun making films of the People's Republic for use by the communist news agencies of Europe. In 1962 it emerged that her travels in this starving land where all travel was controlled by internal passports had aroused suspicion. She came under pressure—as did any Soviet wife then in China—either to take Chinese citizenship or to leave. When her friend Nadia left Zhang Bao and returned to the Soviet Union, Eva knew there were only two such women remaining : Elisabeth (Lisa) Kishkin, wife of Li Lisan, a Lubianka survivor, and Grania, the uneducated wife of Chang Zhenhao, a veteran of the alternate Long March of Zhang Guotao (purged 1937). 
The simple Grania was put on trial, painted as a Revisionist and Capitalist roader. Chang divorced her promptly, losing his son Victor, and was the prosecution's witness. Eva and Lisa spoke in her defense. The paranoid, Stalinistic charge of spying menaced all three women but could not be made to stick. For a few years they imagined nothing worse might come to Grania than the penury to which she as a single, visible-minority mother was reduced, and which they tried to alleviate. However in 1966 Liu, the official State Chair was outfoxed by his resurgent predecessor, and Law gave way to Expedience. Mao's so-called Revolution in Proletarian Culture brought "douzhenghui" violence to bear against the Soviet wives and the men who had married them (and against tens of thousands of other designated victims within and around the Party); all were charged with—and made to confess to—the most preposterous crimes. The following year they were formally arrested; Eva and Xiao, Lisa and Li, divorced Grania and deserted Zhang Bao. Li died within days of his arrest, on June 22, 1967; the others were to spend years in a Beijing prison and years after that in enforced rustification, a sort of internal exile.

</doc>
<doc id="20292268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292268" title="Helper class">
Helper class

Helper Class is a programming technique in object-oriented programming. Helper classes are a term given to classes that are used to assist in providing some functionality, though that functionality isn't the main goal of the application. 
The terminology may also be referring to the Delegate object, also sometimes called a Helper object, in the Delegation pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="20292272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292272" title="Petkovski">
Petkovski

Petkovski () is a Macedonian surname that is the equivalent of Petkov, it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20292277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292277" title="Museum Kampa">
Museum Kampa

Museum Kampa is a modern art gallery in Prague, Czech Republic, showing central European (and in particular Czech) work. The pieces are from the private collection of Meda Mladek, wife of Jan V. Mladek.
The museum opened in 2003 and is housed in Sova's Mills on the eastern bank of the Kampa Island on the River Vltava.
There is a large sculpture of a chair by Magdalena Jetelova outside the museum, which is a prominent landmark visible from across the Vltava.

</doc>
<doc id="20292278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292278" title="Baranowskiella ehnstromi">
Baranowskiella ehnstromi

Baranowskiella ehnstromi is the smallest known beetle in Europe. It lives only in the pores of the bracket fungus "Phellinus conchatus", which grows on "Salix caprea". Its length is ca. to and its width about .
The beetle has been observed in Sweden, Finland and Austria. It was first described, along with the whole genus "Baranowskiella", in 1997 by Ptiliidae specialist Mikael Sörensson and named after entomologist Bengt Ehnström. The beetle has a simple sound producing organ. It can fly and its diet consists of fungi spores.

</doc>
<doc id="20292279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292279" title="Latinath">
Latinath

Latinath is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3392 people living in 587 individual households.In this development region one of the famous temple of this district is located which is called "latainath" or "latinath".

</doc>
<doc id="20292282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292282" title="Malikarjun">
Malikarjun

Malikarjun is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1814 people living in 331 individual households.
Media.
To Promote local culture Malikarjun has one FM radio station Radio Naya Nepal - 104.5 MHz Which is a Community radio Station. 

</doc>
<doc id="20292283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292283" title="French sol">
French sol

The sol was a coin in use in Ancien Regime France, valued at a 20th of a livre tournois. The sol itself was subdivided into 12 deniers.
Over the 17th century the term sol was, apart from in a few instances, progressively replaced by sou, reflecting its pronunciation. In 1787 a sol's buying power was roughly equivalent to that of a Euro from 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20292286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292286" title="Pipalchauri">
Pipalchauri

Pipalchauri is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1854 people living in 293 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292290" title="Scotch marine boiler">
Scotch marine boiler

A "Scotch" marine boiler (or simply Scotch boiler) is a design of steam boiler best known for its use on ships.
The general layout is that of a squat horizontal cylinder. One or more large cylindrical furnaces are in the lower part of the boiler shell. Above this is a large number of small-diameter fire-tubes. Gases and smoke from the furnace pass to the back of the boiler, then return through the small tubes and up and out of the chimney. The ends of these multiple tubes are capped by a smokebox, outside the boiler shell.
The Scotch boiler is a fire-tube boiler, in that hot flue gases pass through tubes set within a tank of water. As such, it is a descendant of the earlier Lancashire boiler and like the Lancashire it uses multiple separate furnaces to give greater heating area for a given furnace capacity. It differs from the Lancashire in two aspects: a large number of small diameter tubes (typically 3 or 4 inches diameter each) are used to increase the ratio of heating area to cross-section. Secondly the overall length of the boiler is halved by folding the gas path back on itself.
Combustion chamber.
The far end of the furnace is an enclosed box called the "combustion chamber" which extends upwards to link up with the firetubes.
The front wall of the combustion chamber is supported against steam pressure by the tubes themselves. The rear face is stayed by rod stays through the rear shell of the boiler. Above the combustion chamber and tubes is an open steam collecting space. Larger long rod stays run the length of the boiler through this space, supporting the ends of the boiler shell.
With multiple furnaces, there is a separate combustion chamber for each furnace. A few small boilers did connect them into one chamber, but this design is weaker. A more serious problem is the risk of reversing the draught, where exhaust from one furnace could blow back and out of the adjacent one, injuring the stokers working in front of it.
Origins.
The first recorded boiler of comparable form was used in a railway locomotive, Hackworth's " 'Wilberforce' " class of 1830. This had a long cylindrical boiler shell similar to his earlier return-flued " 'Royal George' ", but with the return flue replaced by a number of small firetubes, as had been demonstrated so effectively by Stephenson with his " 'Rocket' " a year earlier. The novel feature of an entirely internal combustion chamber was used. Unlike the later Scotch boiler though, this was self-supported by its own stays, rather than using stays through the walls of the boiler shell. This allowed the entire assembly of outer tubeplate, furnace tube, combustion chamber and firetubes to all be removed from the boiler shell as one unit, simplifying manufacture and maintenance. Although a valuable feature, this became impractical for larger diameter chambers that would require the support of the shell.
Variants.
Number of furnaces.
Typical practice for ships was to have two furnaces in each boiler. Smaller boilers might only have one, larger boilers commonly had three. The limitation in boiler size was the amount of work each stoker could do, firing one furnace per man. Larger ships (meaning anything above the smallest) would have many boilers.
As with the Lancashire boiler, the furnace was often corrugated for strength. Various makers had their own particular ways of making these corrugations, leading to their classification for maintenance purposes under the broad titles of, Leeds, Morrison, Fox, Purves or Brown.
Wet back and dry back.
The typical design is the "wet back", where the rear face of the combustion chamber is water-jacketed as a heating surface. 
The "dry back" variation has the rear of the combustion chamber as an open box, backed or surrounded only by a sheetmetal jacket. This simplifies construction, but also loses much efficiency. It is only used for small boilers where capital cost outweighs fuel costs. Although the Scotch boiler is nowadays rarely the primary steam generator on a ship, small dry-back designs such as the Minipac are still encountered, for supporting secondary demands whilst alongside in port with the main boilers cold.
One interesting variant of the dry-back design has been a patent for burning ash-prone fuels. The rear of the combustion chamber is used as an access point for an ash separator, removing the ash before the small-diameter tubes.
Double-ended.
The double-ended design places two boilers back-to-back, removing the rear wall of the boiler shell. The combustion chambers and firetubes remain separate. This design saves some structural weight, but it also makes the boiler longer and more difficult to install into a ship. For this reason they were not commonly used, although back-to-back arrangements of multiple single-ended boilers were common.
Inglis.
The "Inglis" modification adds an extra combustion chamber where an additional single large flue returns from the rear to the front of the boiler. Flow through the multiple tubes is thus from front to back, and so the exhaust is at the rear. Multiple furnaces would share a single combustion chamber.
The major advantage of the Inglis is the extra heating area it adds, for a comparable shell volume, of perhaps 20%. Surprisingly this is not from the additional combustion chamber, but from lengthening the narrow firetubes. These can now run the full length of the boiler shell, rather than just the rather shorter distance from the inner combustion chamber to the front tubeplate. Despite this advantage, it is rarely used.
Use in ships.
The Scotch marine boiler achieved near-universal use throughout the heyday of steam propulsion, particularly for the most highly developed piston engines such as the triple-expansion compounds. It lasted from the end of the low-pressure haystack boilers in the mid-19th century through to the early 20th century and the advent of steam turbines with high-pressure water-tube boilers such as the Yarrow.
Large or fast ships could require a great many boilers. The "Titanic" had 29 boilers: 24 double-ended and 5 smaller single-ended. The larger boilers were diameter and long, the smaller were in length. All had three corrugated Morrison furnaces of diameter, 159 furnaces in total, and a working pressure of .
Shipboard working examples.
Numerous Scotch boilers are in use on ships as of 2011 and new boilers can be built to replace life-expired ones. Examples of preserved steam boats employing Scotch boilers include:

</doc>
<doc id="20292293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292293" title="Rapla, Nepal">
Rapla, Nepal

Rapla is a Village Development Committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1112 people residing in 205 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292298" title="Ranisikhar">
Ranisikhar

Ranisikhar is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1839 people living in 318 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292299" title="Luk Keng Pier">
Luk Keng Pier

Luk Keng Pier () is a small public pier at Luk Keng Village, Yam O, Lantau Island, Hong Kong. There is only a kai-to ferry route going to and from Tsing Lung Tau, Tsuen Wan for villagers to travel to urban area. This closed transportation relationship between Yam O and Tsing Lung Tau explains why Northeast Lantau belongs to Tsuen Wan District, instead of Islands District. It was the only public transportation for Luk Keng Village and the whole Yam O before MTR Sunny Bay Station operates.

</doc>
<doc id="20292301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292301" title="Sankarpur, Darchula">
Sankarpur, Darchula

Sankarpur is a Village Development Committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2645 people residing in 460 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292305" title="Pandev">
Pandev

Pandev () is a Macedonian surname, it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20292313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292313" title="Lee Greenwood discography">
Lee Greenwood discography

Lee Greenwood is an American country music singer. His discography includes twenty-two studio albums (counting two Christmas albums), seven compilation albums and thirty-eight singles (counting his signature song "God Bless the USA", which was released three times). Of his singles, seven have reached Number One on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts: "Somebody's Gonna Love You" and "Going, Going Gone" from 1983, "Dixie Road" and "I Don't Mind the Thorns (If You're the Rose)" from 1985, "Don't Underestimate My Love for You", "Hearts Aren't Made to Break (They're Made to Love)" and "Morning Ride" from 1986. Thirteen more of his singles have reached Top 10 on the same chart, including "To Me", a duet with Barbara Mandrell from their duet album "Made for Each Other".
Besides his peaks on the country charts, Greenwood has reached the Billboard Hot 100 three times: first with the #53 peak of "I.O.U." in 1983, then with the #96 of "Somebody's Gonna Love You" later that same year. His 2001 re-release and re-recording of "God Bless the USA" peaked at #16 on the pop charts. "I.O.U." was also a #4 on Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks, while the first two versions of "God Bless the USA" were also AC hits: the original version reached #26 on that chart, and the 2001 re-release peaked at #12.

</doc>
<doc id="20292321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292321" title="Seri, Mahakali">
Seri, Mahakali

Seri () is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1683 people living in 315 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292329" title="Sikhar">
Sikhar

Sikhar is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2085 people living in 376 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292331" title="Braginka River">
Braginka River

Braginka is a short winding river in the Brahin Raion of Belarus. Its length is 179 km. It falls into Pripyat just above its falling into Dnieper. Part of the river flows through the radioactive zone of alienation, and the river itself is under regular control for nuclear pollution. A small settlement of Brahin stands on the banks of the river.
The river provides a scenery in Konstantin Paustovsky's short story "The Inn on Braginka".

</doc>
<doc id="20292337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292337" title="Sharmauli">
Sharmauli

Sharmauli is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3979 people living in 733 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292343" title="Dimitrovski">
Dimitrovski

Dimitrovski () is a Macedonian surname that literally means "son of Dmitri", famous people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20292344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292344" title="Sipti">
Sipti

Sipti is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 4,339 people living in 749 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292350" title="Sitaula">
Sitaula

Sitaula is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2139 people living in 343 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292356" title="Sunsera">
Sunsera

Sunsera is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2665 people living in 467 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292364" title="Tapoban">
Tapoban

Tapoban is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1841 people living in 305 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292366" title="Back Home Again (Kenny Rogers album)">
Back Home Again (Kenny Rogers album)

Back Home Again is a 1991 album by country music superstar Kenny Rogers.
Overview.
"Back Home Again" marks the last of Rogers' albums with Reprise, and marks the beginning of Rogers' movement between various labels, including his own future upcoming label, Dreamcatcher Records, in years to come.
Of the Reprise albums, this one had the worst chart showing. The album only reached number 42 on the U.S. Country charts and is Rogers' second consecutive album to not attain any certifications from the RIAA. The success of newer artists such as Garth Brooks, Clint Black and Alan Jackson contributed to this fact.
Rogers split from Reprise after this record's run, though he did remain with the parent company WEA at their Giant Records division.
Singles.
The first single from this album was "If You Want To Find Love", which landed at #11 in the U.S. & #12 in Canada. 2 other singles ("Someone Must Feel Like A Fool Tonight" & "I'll Be There For You") did not chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20292368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292368" title="Antoine Joseph Monneron">
Antoine Joseph Monneron

Antoine Joseph Monneron (8 May 1736, Antibes – 29 July 1815, Santiago de Cuba) was a French merchant and businessman. A member of the Monneron family, he was active in the West Indies.

</doc>
<doc id="20292375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292375" title="Archimedes Foundation">
Archimedes Foundation

The Archimedes Foundation is an independent body established by the Estonian government in 1997 with the objective to coordinate and implement different international and national programmes and projects in the field of training, education, research, technological development and innovation.
Main tasks.
The website of the Foundation lists the following as its main tasks.
In the field of R&D
In the field of Education
In the field of Youth

</doc>
<doc id="20292379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292379" title="Andrzej Jasiński">
Andrzej Jasiński

Andrzej Jasiński (born 23 October 1936, Częstochowa) is a Polish pianist.
In 1959 he graduated with honors from the University of Music in Katowice in the piano class of Władysława Markiewiczówna. The following year he won the Maria Canals Competition, and subsequently completed his training under Magda Tagliaferro. He launched an international career (debut - 1961; RAI Orchestra in Turin, Carlo Zecchi) and began his pedagogical work for which he is best known. He taught pianists such as Krystian Zimerman, Joanna Domańska, Jerzy Sterczyński, Krzysztof Jabłoński, Magdalena Lisak, Zbigniew Raubo, Rafał Łuszczewski and Beata Bilińska. 
Jasiński, a honoris causa doctor from the Fryderyk Chopin Music Academy and the University of Music in Katowice, was the jury president of the Fryderyk Chopin International Piano Competition's 2000, 2005 and 2010 editions.

</doc>
<doc id="20292380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292380" title="Mitreski">
Mitreski

Mitreski () is a Macedonian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20292385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292385" title="List of mountains of Tajikistan">
List of mountains of Tajikistan


</doc>
<doc id="20292396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292396" title="1948 Roussillon Grand Prix">
1948 Roussillon Grand Prix

Results from the III Grand Prix du Roussillon held at Circuit des platanes de Perpignan on April 25, 1948 as Formula Two. The Grand Prix is raced in 40 laps with the best drivers from the two 27 laps heats.
Entry list.
Entrant in italic were not present.

</doc>
<doc id="20292399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292399" title="Bhagawati, Mahakali">
Bhagawati, Mahakali

Bhagawati is a Village Development Committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2454 people residing in 435 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20292466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292466" title="Mark Buckland">
Mark Buckland

Mark Buckland (born 18 August 1961 in Cheltenham) is an English former footballer, who played in the Football League for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Career.
Buckland started his football career with his hometown team Cheltenham Town . 
In November 1983 he played for AP Leamington in their FA Cup tie against Gillingham.
He signed for First Division Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1984. He had only one full season at Molineux, 1984-85, during which he made 41 appearances in total. He scored five goals but the club again suffered relegation in what proved his only season in league football.
He was still playing on his 50th birthday in 2011 for Bishop's Cleeve 3rd team.

</doc>
<doc id="20292469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292469" title="Black Man with a Horn">
Black Man with a Horn

Black Man with a Horn, by T. E. D. Klein, is a Cthulhu Mythos novella originally published in "New Tales of the Cthulhu Mythos". Critic S. T. Joshi notes that the story demonstrates a 'deftness of style, a subtley in the build-up of a horrific climax, and a deep understanding of the psychological effects of horror.'
Plot.
In the story, an author—whose literary career has been in the shadow of H. P. Lovecraft and modeled after Lovecraft Circle member Frank Belknap Long--becomes involved in a mystery after a chance encounter with a missionary while traveling. The missionary, traveling in disguise, is fleeing something he encountered while in Malaysia, and refers to the Chaucha. Later, while visiting a museum, the author comes across a reference to the Chaucha. The narrator realizes that the Chaucha are actually the Tcho-Tcho, which he had previously thought to be fictional construct of Lovecraft. Slowly, the narrator becomes threatened by a being the Tcho-Tcho worship: a black, fishlike humanoid demon—the Shogoran—with an appendage that resembles a horn attached to its face.

</doc>
<doc id="20292474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292474" title="Frederick Llewellyn-Jones">
Frederick Llewellyn-Jones

Frederick Llewellyn-Jones (18 April 1866 – 11 January 1941) was a Welsh solicitor who became Coroner for the county of Flintshire and a Liberal, later Liberal National politician.
Family and education.
Frederick Llewellyn-Jones was born at Bethesda, Caernarfonshire. He received his education at Friars School, Bangor and Bala College. He then attended University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. He obtained BA degrees from the Universities of Wales and London and the law degree LLB from London. Later in life he received the Honorary degree of Doctor of Political Science from the University of Pécs in Hungary. In 1892 he married Elizabeth Roberts from Ruthin. They had three sons and two daughters.
Career.
Llewellyn-Jones was admitted as a solicitor in 1891. Over the years he was a member of a number of domestic and international organisations connected to the law, including the International Law Association from 1912–39, the Grotius Society of London from 1915–39, the American Society of International Law, other English and foreign Peace and International Law Societies, the Society of Comparative Legislation and Société de Législation Comparée of Paris and the Medico-Legal Society of London, 1915–38.
He took a particular interest in National Insurance and health matters. He was Chairman of Flintshire Insurance Committee, 1912–40; the President (1937–38) of the Association of Welsh Insurance Committees and President of the Federation of English, Scottish, and Welsh Insurance Committees, 1924–26, 1929–31, and 1934–37. He was appointed by the National Insurance Commissioners and Ministry of Health to be a member of successive Advisory Committees and of the Welsh Consultative Health Council. He also served as a member of the Central Council for Health Education, 1923–40. For many years he served as HM Coroner for Flintshire.
Politics.
In 1914 he was selected as the Liberal party prospective parliamentary candidate for Preston. However by early 1918 he had relinquished that role and announced his intention to contest the University of Wales as a Labour candidate.
Llewellyn-Jones was elected Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) for Flintshire at the 1929 general election. However, in 1931 an economic crisis led to the formation of a National Government led by Labour Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald. The government was initially supported by the Conservative and Liberal parties, and a rump of National Labour MPs. However the Liberals were increasingly divided over the existence of the National Government, particularly over the issue Free Trade. The official party led by Sir Herbert Samuel, although agreeing to go into the 1931 general election supporting the government became more and more worried about the government’s stance on Free Trade and concerned about the predominance of the Conservatives in the coalition. However a group of Liberal MPs led by Sir John Simon who were concerned to ensure the National Government had a wide cross-party base, formed the Liberal National Party to more openly support MacDonald’s administration. Llewellyn-Jones was one of 22 Liberal MPs who met in ‘secret conclave’ on the evening of 5 October 1931. The meeting resolved to form itself into a body to give firm support to the prime minister as the head of a national government and for the purpose of fighting a general election. Sir John Simon wrote to the Prime Minister that night to give him the news and the decision was made to call the group Liberal Nationals. After that, Llewellyn-Jones sat in the House of Commons as a Liberal National. At the 1931 general election, when the official and Liberal National groups were still both supporting the government, Llewellyn-Jones was not opposed in Flintshire either by a Free Trade Liberal or Conservative candidate. However there was opposition to his decision to associate with the Liberal Nationals within the Flintshire Liberal Association. At the meeting held to discuss the general election, Llewellyn-Jones threw down the gauntlet to the Association proclaiming that whether or not they adopted him he would stand anyway, secure in the knowledge that the Conservatives had already agreed not to put up a candidate in the seat. The atmosphere at the meeting was reported as ‘stormy’ by The Times but Llewellyn-Jones got the support of more than half those voting at the meeting. An interesting detail from the election was the public support offered to Llewellyn-Jones by Henry Neville Gladstone, the only surviving son of the great Liberal statesman William Ewart Gladstone whose family home, Hawarden Castle, was located in the constituency. On election day, Llewellyn-Jones found himself opposed only by the Labour Party candidate Miss F Edwards and he was returned to Parliament with the massive majority of 24, 247 votes.
Changing back and resignation.
While he gained election as a Liberal National with Conservative assent and joined the Liberal National group in the House of Commons, Llewellyn-Jones was not mere coalition lobby-fodder. In 1932 he resigned from the Liberal National group and re-took the Liberal whip. In November 1932 a vote of no confidence in him was passed by the Flintshire Conservatives, for persistently voting against the government on fiscal matters, including the Ottawa Agreements. In February 1934, Llewellyn-Jones issued a statement to the effect that he would not stand again at the next general election on the grounds of age and the need for new blood in the constituency.
Welsh education and culture.
Llewellyn-Jones was closely associated with Welsh life and in particular the promotion of education and culture. He was Chairman of the Holywell School Board 1898–1904, a member of Flintshire Joint Education Committee; a Member of the Court of Governors of the University Colleges of Wales, Aberystwyth and Bangor as well as serving as a member of the Welsh University Court and the Court of Governors of the National Library of Wales and of the Welsh National Museum. He also served as the President of the Welsh League of Nations Union in 1933 and in support of Welsh language and culture, he was a member of the Honourable Society of Cymmrodorion and of the Gorsedd of the National Eisteddfod of Wales.
Awards.
Llewellyn-Jones was made a member of the Royal Hungarian Order of Merit.
Death.
Llewellyn-Jones died at Isfryn, Mold, Flintshire on 11 January 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="20292492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292492" title="Kuzmanovski">
Kuzmanovski

Kuzmanovski is a Macedonian (Eastern South Slavic) surname.
It is related to the Serbian surname Kuzmanovic.

</doc>
<doc id="20292503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292503" title="Robert de Lamanon">
Robert de Lamanon

Jean Honoré Robert de Paul de Lamanon, known as Robert de Lamanon (6 December 1752, Salon-de-Provence – 11 December 1787, Tutuila, Island of Maouna, Samoan Islands) was a French botanist, physicist and meteorologist. He joined several scientific expeditions and eventually died on one (the La Perouse expedition).
Family.
He belonged to the lordly family of Lamanon, ennobled in 1572. His father was Jean François de Paul de Lamanon and Anne de Baldony (born in Aix-en-Provence). He had two sisters and an elder brother, Auguste Paul de Lamanon (1748–1820). Auguste was destined for the French Navy by his father, becoming a garde de la marine at Toulon, then an officer.
Life.
Robert's brother Auguste left the Navy on his father's death to devote himself to the study of sciences and letters. Robert left holy orders and together they set out on a trip round Europe and the French provinces collecting plants, documents, manuscripts and objets d'art. They perfected their studies in Paris and there met the most famous scholars of the era : Laplace, Jussieu, d'Alembert, the Monge brothers, Volney, Malesherbes, and Condorcet, secretary of the Académie des sciences.
9 décembre 1787.
Comme une île avait été repérée dans l’archipel Tonga, l’île de Maouna, les explorateurs tentèrent de s’en approcher, afin d’en faire le repérage. Un port indigène avait été repéré et Paul-Antoine-Marie Fleuriot de Langle, capitaine de l’Astrolabe, y débarqua dans l’après-midi du 9 décembre. Il y reçut bon accueil. De nombreux habitants de l’île avaient embarqué sur des canots et observaient les puissantes frégates françaises qui mouillaient dans leurs eaux. De Langle, une fois revenu à bord, décida que l’endroit n’était pas suffisamment sûr pour y laisser les bateaux.
10 décembre 1787.
Le lendemain matin, La Pérouse effectua une randonnée de découverte dans l’île. Plusieurs villageois le suivirent et l’accueillirent avec enthousiasme, allant jusqu’à l’inviter chez eux. Par la suite, l’explorateur loua les beautés naturelles qu’il observa lors de cette marche. Il retourna ensuite sur l’Astrolabe et remarqua qu’un chef indigène et sept de ses hommes se trouvaient à bord. Il leur offrit plusieurs présents.<br>
Dans le même temps, deux officiers, de Langle, capitaine breton, et Thomas Sutton de Clonard, un lieutenant irlandais, informèrent La Pérouse de leur intention d’aller chercher de l’eau le lendemain dans la baie d’Aasu, en raison du risque de scorbut à bord. La Pérouse s’y opposa formellement et une dispute éclata. Finalement, il fut convenu que de Langle irait bien sur l’île le lendemain. Dans la nuit, un orage éclata.
11 décembre 1787.
Le lendemain matin, à onze heures, de Langle prit avec lui soixante-et-un hommes regroupés dans quatre chaloupes. Parmi eux figurait Robert de Lamanon. L’approche de l’île fut assez difficile en raison des intempéries de la nuit passée. Finalement, on posa le pied sur la plage et l’on entreprit de recueillir de l’eau dans des tonneaux. Tout à coup, des pierres furent jetées par les indigènes. "« M. de Langle n'eut le temps que de tirer ses deux coups de fusil ; il fut renversé , et tomba malheureusement du côté bâbord de la chaloupe, où plus de deux cents Indiens le massacraient sur le champ à coups de massue et de pierres. Lorsqu'il fut mort, ils l'attachèrent par un de ses bras à un tolet, afin sans doute de profiter plus sûrement de ses dépouilles. »" Les Français ripostèrent, tuant, semble-t-il trente-neuf indigènes. Douze Français étaient morts. Robert de Lamanon trouva la mort dans ce tragique événement.<br>
Informé du drame, La Pérouse préféra cesser ses relations commerciales avec les habitants de l’île et fit voile vers les Tonga.
Memorial.
A memorial to La Perouse massacred expedition members was built in 1883 in Aasu village on Massacre Bay on the Northwest coast of the island of Tutuila (then — the island of Maouna), Samoan Islands. The monument surmounted by a cross bears the words "Morts pour la Science et la Patrie" ("Those who died for Science and Fatherland") and names of eleven French sailors who were killed in the encounter with the Samoans, among them the name of Robert de Lamanon.

</doc>
<doc id="20292510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292510" title="Faculty of Music">
Faculty of Music

In English-speaking academia 'Faculty of Music' normally refers to a university department, especially at Oxford and Cambridge (UK). In the USA the use of 'faculty' often relates to academic and teaching staff.

</doc>
<doc id="20292515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292515" title="Bozinovski">
Bozinovski

Božinovski ()(also Bozhinovski or Bozinovski) is a Macedonian surname:
The Bulgarian form is Bozhinov.

</doc>
<doc id="20292523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292523" title="List of lakes of Uzbekistan">
List of lakes of Uzbekistan

This is a list of lakes in Uzbekistan:

</doc>
<doc id="20292527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292527" title="Pasadena Apartments">
Pasadena Apartments

The Pasadena Apartments is an apartment building located at 2170 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Description.
The Pasadena Apartment Building is an eleven-story building constructed of yellow brick with limestone facing on the two lower floors. A column of bay windows rises from the basement to the tenth floor; a classic style entrance is in the center of the front façade. The building originally had classical details on the upper floors, including a cornice and false balconies, that have been removed.
Significance.
The building is an early example of upper-class, multi-unit housing, and is one of the earliest of these structures to be built with reinforced concrete. The building was constructed at a time when newly wealthy families associated with Detroit's industrial boom were appearing, yet financing requirements for private homes were substantial. These families often preferred to rent upscale apartments. The Pasedena is notable for its scale, design, and materials.

</doc>
<doc id="20292529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292529" title="Sirsha">
Sirsha

Sirsha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20292543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292543" title="Markovsky">
Markovsky

Markovsky (masculine), Markovskaya (feminine), or Markovskoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20292596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292596" title="Lars Glasser">
Lars Glasser

Lars Glasser (October 4, 1925 - January 15, 1999) was a Swedish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s. He won the silver medal in the K-2 1000 m event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.
Glasser also won six medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with five golds (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1948, 1950, 1954; K-2 500 m: 1950, K-2 1000 m: 1950) and one silver (K-1 500 m: 1948). Note that the K-1 500 m, K-1 4 x 500 m, and K-2 500 m events were part of the International Canoe Federation's 1948 world championships and not of the 1948 Summer Olympics which was also in London. The K-1 4 x 500 m event was held at the Summer Olympics once at the 1960 Games in Rome while the K-1 500 m and K-2 500 m have been held at every Olympics since the 1976 Games in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="20292598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292598" title="Delta Sigma Sorority">
Delta Sigma Sorority

Delta Sigma was a collegiate sorority operating in New England from 1895 to 1908. Its three chapters were absorbed by Alpha Omicron Pi. 
History.
At the end of the spring semester in 1895, six female students at Tufts University drew up plans for Alpha Delta Sigma. In October of the same year, the constitution and bylaws were drafted. Initiations were held on November 14 and December 9 (Start, p. 231). The badge was a "square pin of blue enamel displaying the letters". The official colors were blue and gold (Baird's 1898). This chapter became the Alpha chapter of Delta Sigma. 
Alpha Delta Sigma existed as a separate group from Delta Sigma, Alpha chapter. Baird's (1905) maintained a separate entry for ADS, with membership at 33. Delta Sigma, with Alpha, Beta, and Gamma chapters, are listed among the national sororities. Seventy seven women were members of the Alpha chapter (Baird's 1905, p. 314).
Female students at Brown University created Delta Sigma in 1896. Martha Mitchell described the sorority as "formed as a local organization in 1896, and merged in 1901 with another local society, Alpha Delta Sigma at Tufts" (Encyclopedia Brunoniana). Baird's(1905)described this merger as "the outcome of ΑΔΣ (local at Tufts) and ΔΣ at Brown". Thus, Brown's Delta Sigma is now the Beta chapter. 
The Maine chapter began as Phi Gamma in 1896. It joined Delta Sigma as the Gamma chapter in 1903. Five years later, Alpha, Beta, and Gamma were absorbed by Alpha Omicron Pi (Fernald, p. 24). Delta Sigma ceased to exist as a separate entity. 
Insignia.
The official colors were pale green and white. 
The flower was the violet (Phi Delta Theta, 1907).
The badge was "a square of black enamel with concave sides outlined in gold, and displaying the letters 'ΔΣ' in gold. This square is encircled by a jeweled golden circle" (Baird's 1905).

</doc>
<doc id="20292602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292602" title="Alpine Ski Club">
Alpine Ski Club

The Alpine Ski Club.
The Alpine Ski Club (ASC) is an active club of ski mountaineers based in the UK and the first ski mountaineering club in Great Britain.
The objectives of the club are to:
Membership is open to experienced independent ski-mountaineers who fulfil the minimum entry qualification. Aspirant membership is open to those who do not meet the criteria.
History.
The ASC was created on Saturday the 7th of March 1908 at a dinner in the Devonshire Club hosted by Dr Henry Lunn (later to be Sir Henry Lunn). Founder members included:
The ASC Today.
Activities.
The club provides a venue for active ski-mountaineers to meet, exchange information and to plan new expeditions. It holds two lecture meetings every year in autumn and spring, usually at The Alpine Club and an annual dinner is usually held in November. 
In addition to these UK-based activities, the ASC also organises meetings in the Alps as well as expeditions to little-known mountain ranges across the world. Enterprising guideless ski expeditions in recent years have included ski-mountaineering expeditions to Muztag Ata, Zanskar, Kashmir, Gangotri, Iran and Turkey. Recent Alpine Meets have been in Pontresina, Andermatt, Briançon and the Dolomites.
Sponsorship and Awards.
The Alpine Ski Club has two award schemes.
These are the Kenneth Smith Scholarship and the Memorial Adventure Fund. 
These schemes can provide help for:
The awards are especially, but not exclusively, for young skiers. 
Transceiver Hire.
Avalanche rescue transceivers (ARVAs) are available for hire from the Alpine Ski Club. This is provided as part of the ASC's commitment to safer ski mountaineering.

</doc>
<doc id="20292615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292615" title="La Martinière">
La Martinière

La Martinière may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20292627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292627" title="Ingemar Hedberg">
Ingemar Hedberg

Ingemar Hedberg (born March 8, 1920) was a Swedish sprint canoer who competed in the early 1950s. He won the silver medal in the K-2 1000 m event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.
Hedberg also won three gold medals at the 1950 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Copenhagen, earning them in the K-1 4 x 500 m, K-2 500 m, and K-2 1000 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="20292641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292641" title="Jean-André Mongez">
Jean-André Mongez

Jean-André Mongez (21 November 1750 – May 1788) was a French priest and mineralogist. He died at Vanikoro, on the La Pérouse expedition.
Life.
Mongez was born in Lyon. He joined the regular canons of Sainte-Geneviève Abbey and devoted himself to scientific studies, giving his findings to several scholarly societies.
Editor of the "Journal de Physique", he belonged to the Société d’histoire naturelle at the académies de Rouen, Dijon and Lyon. Many had called for him to enter the Académie des sciences when he left in 1785 as doctor and almoner to the Pérouse expedition. He had been presented for this role by his abbot at Sainte-Geneviève Abbey, Pingré, and his talents also extended to ornithology, entomology, water chemistry, and mineral salts. He received patents from the Jardin royal des plantes to collect for it before setting out.
In the course of the voyage, at Ténérife, all the ship's scholars climbed the mountain, with La Martinière collecting plants and Monneron making an attempt to level out the peak (which failed since the muletiers refused to go right to the top). Father Louis Receveur and his colleagues Lamanon and Mongez experimented on air, magnetics and electricity at the peak. At Macao Lamanon, La Martinière, Mongez and Receveur addressed a collective letter to Lapérouse complaining that he did not listen to them sufficiently.

</doc>
<doc id="20292675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292675" title="Maximilian Raub">
Maximilian Raub

Maximilian "Max" Raub (born April 13, 1926) was an Austrian sprint canoer who competed in the 1950s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two bronze medals in the K-2 1000 m event (1952, 1956).
Raub also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-2 10000 m: 1954) and three bronzes (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1950, 1954; K-2 500 m: 1950).

</doc>
<doc id="20292695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292695" title="Guy Peellaert">
Guy Peellaert

Guy Peellaert (6 April 1934 – 17 November 2008) was a Belgian artist, painter, illustrator, comic artist and photographer, most famous for the book "Rock Dreams", and his album covers for rock artists like David Bowie "(Diamond Dogs") and The Rolling Stones "(It's Only Rock 'n' Roll)". He also designed film posters for films like "Taxi Driver", "Paris, Texas", and "Short Cuts". The band Frankie Goes to Hollywood took their name from Peellaert's painting, titled "Frank Sinatra", which featured the headline "Frankie Goes Hollywood".
Biography.
Peellaert was born into an aristocratic family, but left home at an early age. He studied fine arts in Brussels, and became heavily influenced by American and British pop culture, film noir and pulp literature, before making his debut as a decorator for theaters and comic strip artist.
His style was influenced by psychedelic art and Pop Art. He moved to Paris, where he worked variously in advertising, set design for the casino and the Crazy Horse nightclub, film and television. His comic strip, "Les Aventures de Jodelle", was published in 1966 in the controversial French magazine Hara-Kiri. The protagonist, Jodelle, was modelled after singer Sylvie Vartan. Peellart's second comic strip heroine, "Pravda", made her debut in 1968 and was modelled after singer Françoise Hardy.
In 1973, he collaborated with British rock journalist Nik Cohn on the best-selling book "Rock Dreams", which reportedly sold a million copies after it was published the following year. The book consisted of Peelaert's visual illustrations which celebrated and exaggerated the rebel heritage of pop music and, particularly, rock and roll, with commentary by Cohn. Many of the original artworks were bought by actor Jack Nicholson.
After the success of "Rock Dreams", Peellaert became perhaps best known for his rock album covers. He designed covers for The Rolling Stones ("It's Only Rock 'n' Roll"), David Bowie ("Diamond Dogs"), Étienne Daho (Pour nos vies martiennes), Lio (Wandatta), and others.
He painted in a very photorealistic style and often used pastel. The album cover of David Bowie's "Diamond Dogs" (1974) met with controversy. The cover art features Bowie as a striking half-man, half-dog grotesque. It was controversial as the full painting clearly showed the hybrid’s genitalia. Very few copies of this original cover made their way into circulation at the time of the album's release. According to the record-collector publication Goldmine price guides, these albums have been among the most expensive record collectibles of all time, as high as thousands of US dollars for a single copy. The genitalia was quickly airbrushed out for the 1974 LP’s gatefold sleeve, although the original artwork (and another rejected cover featuring Bowie in a cordobes hat holding onto a ravenous dog) was included in subsequent Rykodisc/EMI re-issues.
Peellaert also designed film posters for films like "Taxi Driver (by Martin Scorsese), Short Cuts (by Robert Altman), L'argent" (by Robert Bresson), "Paris, Texas" and "Wings of Desire" (by Wim Wenders). He also designed programme titles for television shows on the French TV channel Antenne 2 in 1982.
Peellaert and Cohn collaborated again on "20th-Century Dreams" in 1999, with illustrations of political and world historical figures.
His work has been exhibited internationally and magazines like Les Inrockuptibles, The Guardian and Vanity Fair have praised his work.
He died at the age of 74 of cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20292708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292708" title="Herbert Wiedermann">
Herbert Wiedermann

Herbert Wiedermann (born November 1, 1927) was an Austrian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1950s to the early 1960s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won two bronze medals in the K-2 1000 m event (1952, 1956).
Wiedermann also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-2 10000 m: 1954) and three bronzes (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1950, 1954; K-2 500 m: 1950).

</doc>
<doc id="20292786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292786" title="Michael Scheuer (kayaker)">
Michael Scheuer (kayaker)

Michael Scheuer (born May 20, 1927) was a West German sprint canoer who competed in the 1950s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won three medals with a gold (1956: K-2 1000 m) and two bronzes (1952, 1956: K-1 10000 m).
Scheuer also won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (K-4 1000 m and K-4 10000 m: both 1958) and a silver (K-2 1000 m: 1954).

</doc>
<doc id="20292823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292823" title="Joseph Hugues Boissieu La Martinière">
Joseph Hugues Boissieu La Martinière

Joseph Hugues Boissieu (de) La Martinière, also called Joseph La Martinière (1758, Saint-Marcellin, Isère - 1788, Vanikoro, Solomon Islands) was a French doctor of medicine and botanist and biologist. He disappeared in the Pacific whilst a member of the La Pérouse expedition.
Life.
Joseph Boissieu (de) La Martinière was from the Boissieu-Perrin family, an old middle-class family of the Dauphiné. His father Jean-Joseph Boissieu was a doctor of medicine attached to the faculty of the University of Montpellier who served a term as "consul" at Saint-Marcellin. The son Joseph was trained at Montpellier.
As a member of the Lapérouse expedition, Joseph escaped death at the hands of natives in the islands of Samoa in December 1787, by swimming to a boat, without losing the plant specimens he held above water in one hand. In the course of the voyage La Martinière sent correspondence and interim reports back to France, one that traveled overland from Russian Asia in 1787 and another that was conveyed from Australia in 1788; they included newly discovered helminths, crustaceans and the first copepod identified in the Pacific Ocean. In 1788, the two ships of the expedition foundered at Vanikoro in the Solomon Islands and were lost.
His brother Pierre Joseph Didier de Boissieu (1754 - 1812) was a deputy to the National Convention who did not vote for the King's death.
Namesakes.
Places.
Two French streets bear his name::
Botany.
Two flowering plants in the genus "Bossiaea" commemorate his name in Latinised form: 
Zoology.
A fish parasite in the Capsalidae family carries his name:

</doc>
<doc id="20292831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292831" title="Sōka Station">
Sōka Station

Line.
The station is served by the Tobu Skytree Line.
Station layout.
There are two island platforms with four tracks abutting the platforms, going in opposite directions.
History.
The station opened on 27 August 1899.
From 17 March 2012, station numbering was introduced on all Tobu lines, with Sōka Station becoming "TS-16".

</doc>
<doc id="20292842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292842" title="Meinrad Miltenberger">
Meinrad Miltenberger

Meinrad Miltenberger (December 6, 1924, Herdecke, Westphalia - September 10, 1993, Herdecke) was a German sprint canoer who competed in the 1950s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a gold medal in the K-2 1000 m event at Melbourne in 1956.
Miltenberger also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1958, K-2 500 m: 1954), a silver (K-1 500 m: 1954), and a bronze (K-2 500 m: 1958).

</doc>
<doc id="20292847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292847" title="Espresso crema effect">
Espresso crema effect

In materials science, the espresso crema effect is an analogue model for superficial material alteration. Alteration processes such as weathering can influence the physical character and chemical composition of matter near the surface, without affecting the bulk medium beneath. Increases in porosity can increase light refraction, diffuse reflection and scattering, resulting in a brightening of the material's surface. Besides the physical changes, chemical differences compared to the bulk medium may be involved.
Because of increased gas–solid interfaces which result, for example due to selective leaching processes during burial, surfaces of ancient ceramics can appear brighter than they originally were. This has to be taken into account when categorizing and discussing archaeological ceramics.

</doc>
<doc id="20292942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292942" title="Rondebosch Boys' Preparatory School">
Rondebosch Boys' Preparatory School

Rondebosch Boys' Preparatory School is a state primary school in Rondebosch, a suburb of Cape Town, South Africa. It was detached from Rondebosch Boys' High School and established as a separate school in 1929.
History.
The first headmaster, Robert Ramage (aged 38) took up this position on 1 February 1897 with the school having just 8 pupils from Standards 2 - 7. Faced with a flush of applications from local residents, two further developments occurred: a junior department was opened and a one-acre plot of ground, "The Firs", at the corner of Campground and Rouwkoop Roads was purchased for £1900.
New school buildings were erected and teaching commenced there in September 1898. Two years later Mr Ramage bought a local property which had been named Canigou Estate after an imposing monastery located high in the Pyrenees. This became a much needed school hostel.
The school flourished and, by 1927, had an enrollment of 568 boys. The Preparatory School's first headmaster, Mr WH "Papa" Law (1930-1943) was a Yorkshireman who was previously head of the large Tembuland Teachers' Training College where Nelson Mandela once studied.
He was followed by Mr JCR Enslin (1943-1966) who had very definite ideas on education and who guided the school through its change of site in 1948. The next incumbent was Mr RD Holmes (1967-1972), a quiet, sincere man who remained at the helm until his appointment to the inspectorate. He was succeeded by former staff member Mr DM Laidlaw (1972-1987), an ex-RAF pilot, whose innovations included a science room, a computer centre and a 'Magnet' class for extending the brighter senior pupils.
Mr Bruce Lane (1987-1997), the fifth headmaster, proved to be a dynamic educator and administrator. He oversaw the major renovations which were completed in 1994. He served the school with distinction, especially during its hectic centenary year in 1997.
Mr Tony Ryan, formerly deputy of Rondebosch Boys' High (and Pretoria Boys' High School), is the present headmaster. Since his appointment he has displayed commendable inter-personal skills and dedication. The school is undoubtedly in good hands as it continues to prepare boys for a successful future as it develops their spiritual, academic, emotional and social skills. 
Information and Communication Technology.
ICT is part of our everyday lives. We cannot escape from it. Computers are changing the way we work and the way we live. At Rondebosch Boys’ Preparatory School we use IT to encourage students to learn more independently and to learn actively. With this in mind, we have created a learning environment where Information Technology and education meet. It is visible in almost every aspect of our school, from the boy in Grade 1 to the headmaster.
Our Computer Center boasts ‘state of the art’ equipment, and is equipped with 30 Microsoft computers in a dedicated computer laboratory, as well as a total of 180 computers throughout the school, with at least a computer in each class. We also have a laptop / Tablet Trolley that goes to each of the classes. All our teachers use the Microsoft 360 Cloud and thew learners use Google Apps for all of their work. Every boy comes to computers every week for one hour from Grades three to seven and half an hour for Grades one and two. Every boy has his own computer during the computer classes.
Each boy has Internet access, as well as their own e-mail address on the rbps.co.za domain. This has allowed them to work at their own pace in the desired technology areas. 
The purpose of computer education is not only to teach computer skills as a separate subject, but to integrate these skills into other subject areas. 
There are data projectors in many classes, as well as an Interactive Whiteboard. Our Interactive board allows a more interactive learning environment. The board is connected to a computer and then the two devices communicate interchangeably. These boards increase the interactive atmosphere in the classroom which in turn increases the learning experience as boys are visual learners. The teachers project their notes and slide shows onto these boards and instead of becoming a one-sided lecture, it becomes a two-sided experience. Students can edit and make notes on the screen or answer questions directly on the screen. This allows the boys to play a larger part in the discussion and absorb more from each lesson.
Warren Sparrow

</doc>
<doc id="20292957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292957" title="Intuition (Jamie Foxx album)">
Intuition (Jamie Foxx album)

Intuition is the third studio album by R&B singer Jamie Foxx. It was released on December 16, 2008 in the US under J Records.
The album reached the top three on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, and number one on the Top US R&B/Hip Hop Albums Charts, which it topped for six consecutive weeks. The album features several guest artists, including T.I., Ne-Yo, Kanye West, Fabolous, T-Pain, The-Dream and Drake. 
Album concept.
"Intuition", as Foxx describes it, will focus on the needs and wants of the opposite sex. "On my radio show I have this panel of beautiful women and they were talking about how men with a lot of money aren't all that. But if a guy has no money, that's no good either,” Foxx explained. "So I was thinking, What does a woman want? We go from there and build the story and the songs."
Singles.
"Just Like Me", was released as the lead single on November 11, 2008. The song debuted at number forty-eight on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and peaked at number eight. It also peaked at forty-nine on the "Billboard" 100. The remix of Ne-Yo's "Miss Independent," titled "" was released as the second single on December 14, 2008. The third single, "Blame It" featuring T-Pain, was released as the third single on January 26, 2009. In the first week of February, "Just Like Me", "Blame It", and "She Got Her Own" charted on the top-ten in "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs at number eight, number one, and number two, respectively. While on the Conan O'Brien show Foxx performed the remix of the song "Digital Girl" featuring rapper Drake, he later confirmed in an interview with MTV News that it would be a single off Intuition. The full studio version leaked on June 19, 2009, featuring Drake, Kanye West and The-Dream.
Chart performance.
The album debuted at number three on the US "Billboard" 200, selling 265,000 copies in its first week. The album stayed in the "Billboard" 200's top ten for the first two months it was released. "Intuition" has sold one million copies in the US alone, as of May 2010, and has been certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Critical reception.
The album has received generally mixed reviews. "The Boston Globe" reviewed the album positively, stating: "Like many contemporary R&B albums, the cameos sometimes crowd the main attraction, but Foxx is wise enough to intuit when it suits him best to share the spotlight." "VIBE" had a mixed review for the album, stating: "What is missing from "Intuition" is a balance between the party records and the slow jams. The division displays a lack of cohesiveness that separates the effort from being a great album into just a collection of potential singles."
Emily Heward of MusicOMH.com, however, was less impressed with the album, commenting: "["Intuition"'s songs are] lost amidst over-enthusiastic vocal effects" and that "it is hard to recognize the soulful voice that landed him his Oscar."
The Blame It Tour.
In May 2009, Foxx announced he was going on tour in the support of his third album "Intuition". The 40-city tour kicked off on July 2 in Anaheim and ended in October.

</doc>
<doc id="20292963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292963" title="Amos Luzzatto">
Amos Luzzatto

Amos Luzzatto (born Rome, June 3, 1928) is an Italian writer and essayist of Jewish descent, born in a family of ancient tradition (his mother’s father, Dante Lattes, was one of the most important representatives of Jewish Italian culture in the 20th century; his father’s great-great-grandfather, Samuel David Luzzatto (Shadal), was teaching at the Rabbinical College in Padua and was an Italian representative of the “Wissenschaft des Judentums”).
Life.
During his adolescence, he lived in Jerusalem, until 1946. For more than forty years he worked as a surgeon in several Italian hospitals. He was university lecturer and Chief Physician, he devoted his studies especially to the applications of mathematical systems to the medical-clinical researches.
He likes to be defined "physician – expert in Jewish culture". He insists above all on modern Jewish identity, which, according him, has increased the value and has brought to the affirmation of the category of national identity, together with the "religious" one. Following thinkers like Bialik and Ahad Ha'am, he believes that this national identity should develop in continuity with Jewish history and tradition and urges those who follow this path to master, through studying, not only Hebrew, but also Bible, Midrashic-Talmudic Literature and all its developments until our time.
He translated and commented the Book of Job (Feltrinelli, 1991) and The Song of Songs (Giuntina, 1997). He wrote "How to read Midrash" (Morcelliana, 1999), "The place of the Jews" (Einaudi, 2003) and an interview-book "Paths of my life in Judaism, science and politics" (Morcelliana, 2003).
He has contributed with personal essays in the books "Left Wing and Jewish question" (Editori Riuniti, 1989), "Modern Jews" (Bollati-Boringheri, 1989), "Besides the Ghetto" (Morcelliana, 1992), "Annali Einaudi- Storia degli Ebrei d’Italia, vol. II" (Einaudi, 1997). 
He took part with personal reports to several and international conferences on Jewish culture subjects. He held a course on Jewish Literature and the Midrash at the University of Venice, Department of Religious History. At the same University, he organized the "Socrates European Master in Archaeology and the Dynamics of Writing", regarding the Jewish aspect of this subject. At Roma Tre University, he holds a course on Midrash within the "History of Religions" and a Laboratory on the dynamics of prejudice.
He is editor-in-chief of the "Rassegna Mensile d’Israel".
From June 1998 to February 2006, he was the President of the Union of Italian Jewish Communities.

</doc>
<doc id="20292981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292981" title="One Million Random Acts of Kindness Campaign">
One Million Random Acts of Kindness Campaign

The One Million Random Acts of Kindness (RAK) Campaign was launched on BBC on 16 July 2008 by 4000 Saturdays.
Background.
The Campaign encourages people to carrying out a Random Act of Kindess and pass on a RAK Card to the recipient who is then instructed to pass forward their own act of kindness to someone else. RAK cards are printed from the Campaign web site.
The campaign is the brainchild of British social entrepreneur Mark Desvaux.
School Project.
A specific schools RAK project is being launched in November 2012 which allows school children to follow their RAK around the world online.

</doc>
<doc id="20292991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292991" title="Irie Love">
Irie Love

Irie Love (her birth-given name) (born on July 7, 1982 in Kailua, Honolulu County, Hawaii) is a Hawaiian R&B Reggae singer and songwriter. She first gained notice as one of the finalists on the "Brown Bags to Stardom" competition in Honolulu, Hawaii in 1999. She was signed by John Iervolino (one of the judges in the competition) onto his record label, Quiet Storm Records. She was featured as the only new artist on his world music compilation entitled "Roots Music Volume 2: Private Beach Party" for which they used her likeness to promote the album.
In 2000 she moved to Los Angeles, California to study Music and Business at Azusa Pacific University. In 2002 she booked a tour as a back-up singer for the artist Pink. She continued as a back-up singer for the next three years singing for such artists as Dave Hollister and Chaka Khan. In 2006 she moved to Kingston, Jamaica to pursue a solo career in reggae music. She became one of the twelve finalists in the Irie FM Red Stripe Big Break Competition touring around the country performing to thousands while also being featured widely in the local radio and media.
Love was introduced to the reggae group Morgan Heritage at the East Fest in St. Thomas, Jamaica in December 2006. In April 2007, Morgan Heritage signed Irie Love to their production company Gedion Music. She immediately began touring the world as their opening act alongside their younger brother Laza. She also sang backup for Morgan Heritage touring the United States, the Caribbean, central and South America, Africa, Europe and the UK. In October 2008, Love released her first EP entitled "Ehiku"; on October 18, 2008 and threw a launch party for the EP in Waikiki, Hawaii. In January 2009, she released her 1st international album in Japan entitled "The Life of Love". Irie Love has also been featured on several compilation albums such as The Biggest Reggae One-Drop Anthems 2008 and Coconut Island Vol.1 and Unseen Famili Compilation Vol.1, all of which are available on iTunes.
Love is currently living between Hawaii, Los Angeles and London performing and recording with her mentor Salaam Remi, Lee Francis, Fiji and several other producers for her Hawaiian Reggae album for 2012. Her singles ʻIt Is Wut It Isʻ featuring Fiji and ʻMy Loveʻ, from her upcoming 2012 album, have both charted at #1 in the Hawaiian Reggae Charts. Her single ʻIt Is Wut It Isʻ featuring Fiji is also currently featured on Hawaiian Airlines inflight entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="20292993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20292993" title="Tarun Mansukhani">
Tarun Mansukhani

Tarun Mansukhani is a Bollywood director and writer. His most popular film to date would be Dostana produced by Karan Johar starring Abhishek Bachchan, John Abraham and Priyanka Chopra.
He was educated at the Lawrence School, Sanawar.
Beyond the world of film, Mansukhan directed a television commercial entitled "Lead India" to promote voting at the national elections. This was produced by Dharma Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="20293019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293019" title="Andrew Diamond">
Andrew Diamond

Andrew Diamond (born 1969, Stanford, California) is an American reggae artist and music producer.
Originally a drummer, Andrew founded The Solid Foundation Band to support Jamaican reggae artist Winston Jarrett for a US tour in 2000. Since then The Solid Foundation Band also supported The Ethiopian, Tony Rebel, Queen Ifrica, Richie Spice, Norrisman, and Everton Blender.
Andrew lived in Jamaica from 2004 to 2006 and worked at the Resident Engineer at Geejam recording studio.
In 2007, he released his first solo album, "Diamond in the Rough".

</doc>
<doc id="20293060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293060" title="French ship Loire">
French ship Loire

Fifteen ships of the French Navy have borne the name Loire, after the longest river in France:

</doc>
<doc id="20293062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293062" title="Mikhail Kaaleste">
Mikhail Kaaleste

Mikhail Kaaleste (born Mikhail Stoljar on August 20, 1931) was an Estonian sprint canoer who competed in 1950s. He won a silver medal in the K-2 1000 m event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.
Kaaleste changed in last name in 1940 from Stoljar. Originally going into cross country skiing, he was changed to sprint canoeing from his coaches at Dynamo Sports Club. After winning a silver medal in Melbourne, Kaaleste won two bronze medals at the 1958 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Prague (K-2 1000 m, K-4 1000 m). He also won several medals in the Soviet Union in cross country skiing in the 1950s.
In 1964, he became coach for the Dynamo Leningrad biathlon and cross country skiing. Kaaleste's wife, Anna, finished ninth in the 10 km cross-country skiing event at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo.

</doc>
<doc id="20293068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293068" title="Kapalleki">
Kapalleki

Kapalleki is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 4049.

</doc>
<doc id="20293094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293094" title="Mudhegau">
Mudhegau

Mudhegau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2585.

</doc>
<doc id="20293108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293108" title="Saraswotinagar">
Saraswotinagar

Saraswotinagar is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2709 people living in 495 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293110" title="Anatoly Demitkov">
Anatoly Demitkov

Anatoly Nikolayevich Demitkov (27 May 1926 – 15 August 2005) was a Soviet canoeist. He took the silver medal in the K-2 1000 m event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne together with Mikhail Kaaleste. They went on to win the European Championship in 1957 and took third place at the 1958 Flatwater Racing World Championship in Prague.
Biography.
Anatoly Nikolayevich Demitkov was born on 27 May 1926 and fought in the Red Army during World War II. He began his sports career with DSO Spartak.
Anatoly Demitkov and his doubles partner Mikhail Kaaleste competed in the K-2 1000 m event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia after finishing first in their qualifying heat in 3:55.1. They subsequently took the silver medal for their second-place finish in 3:51.4, coming behind West German Michael Scheuer and Meinrad Miltenberger, who finished 1.7 seconds faster in 3:49.6. They went on to win a gold medal at the 1957 European Championship.
Kaaleste and Demitkov finished third at the K-2 1000 m event at the 1958 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships (Flatwater Racing World Championship) in Prague in 1958 and also took a second bronze for their K-4 1000 m finish at the same championship.
He worked as a trainer for DSO Spartak in 1963-1986.
Anatoly Demitkov died on 15 August 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20293113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293113" title="SamKochAvto">
SamKochAvto

SamKochAvto, originally Samarkand Automobile Factory (Russian:Самаркандский Автомобильный Завод), is a joint Turkish–Uzbekistani venture with major investment by the Turkish company Koc Holding. Located in Samarkand, Uzbekistan, the plant manufactures buses and has recently launched a production line for Ford cargo trucks. SamKochAvto produces 4 models of buses and 5 truck models, some of which are exported. Plans have been announced for production of Land Rovers.
Activity.
"Samarkand automobile plant" for the production of medium-capacity buses and small trucks and medium-duty trucks, organized in 1996 by the decision of the Government of the Republic of Uzbekistan for the number 381 from 05.11.1996, the commencement of commercial operations from March 19, 1999.
Products.
The SamAuto lineup includes basic models in the small class SAZ NP 37 chassis Japanese Isuzu, low-floor bus of small class SAZ LE-60, ISUZU trucks and other special vehicles on the chassis of Isuzu.

</doc>
<doc id="20293116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293116" title="Surf Excel">
Surf Excel

Surf Excel, launched in 1948 under the brand name ‘Surf’ in Pakistan & in 1959 launched in India as a first detergent powder. Initially, the brand was positioned on the clean proposition of “washes whitest”. However, with the emergence of numerous local detergent manufacturers and the entry of other global brands, Surf Excel underwent various changes in its Brand Communication. This is in line with the global communication platform of Dirt Is Good, which is a communication strategy of Unilever for its premium detergent products, sold under various brand names; such as Omo in Brazil, Persil in UK and Skip in France, Greece, Spain and Portugal.
Some of the other major detergent products of Unilever in India are "Rin" and "Wheel". The latest entry into the segment is "Comfort", a Fabric Conditioner.
Product Range.
Surf Excel products include "Surf Excel", a detergent powder designed specially for washing machines as it has a low lather formula.Surf Excel Matic was launched in the year 2002. "Surf Excel Matic" has 2 variants Top Load & Front Load. Surf Excel Matic Top Load with special ‘Multi Active System’ molecules is specially designed to work in large quantities of water & remove tough stains in the washing machine itself. While Surf Excel Matic Front Load with its concentrated 'low foam'‘2X Formula’ is designed to remove stains without generating excess foam which is harmful for washing machine. "Quick Wash" is a product that saves up to 2 buckets of water and "Blue" is used for Fabric and Color Care. Surf Excel also has some specialist products like "Gentle Wash", a liquid detergent, and "Surf Excel Bar", a nil mineral detergent bar.
NIL MINERAL BAR:
In India HUL is the only company where NMB is manufactured. 
External links.
It is not Surf Excel which was introduced in 1953, but it was only Surf Powder which was introduced in India.
sdurf excel powder does not dissolve in the washing machine resulting problems .it is high time you improve your product

</doc>
<doc id="20293118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293118" title="Satphari">
Satphari

Satphari is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2422 people living in 401 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293120" title="Nanocharm">
Nanocharm

NanoCharM is a cooperation of eight European organisations and is an
EU-Project founded in the 7th framework program. The goal of this
European collaboration is to establish and enhance ellipsometry and
polarimetry as a measurement tool.
Projects and goals.
Ellipsometry and polarimetry are methods to characterize samples
according to their optical properties and composition. The measurements
do not influence or destroy the samples and are calculated in real-time
experiments. Therefore these methods are suitable for characterizing
samples in-situ and to further monitor the growth process.
The NanoCharM project aims to strengthen the collaboration of users
(scientific and industrial) and their needs with the manufacturers of
ellipsometers.
For this reason, the NanoCharM consortium is organising annual summer
and winter schools during the three years of the project (from
1 January 2008 until 31 December 2010). Additionally, a website has been
established to act as a platform for all users. The website
provides news, a collection of literature, databases, a virtual lab and a
forum for discussion.

</doc>
<doc id="20293127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293127" title="Simchaur">
Simchaur

Simchaur is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2591 people living in 430 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293135" title="Tijali">
Tijali

Tijali is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2044.

</doc>
<doc id="20293141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293141" title="Tikha">
Tikha

Tikha is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3105 people living in 637 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293149" title="Tikhatar">
Tikhatar

Tikhatar is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5222 people living in 958 individual households.
References.
History
This village development committee has a great history of itself. The war between Gorkha and Kingdom of Doti was fougt at bank of the seti river. Malla of Budhakot, Bogtan and Shahi of Dumrakot (this VDC) fought war against Nepali Gorkha's expansion. There is a front(battel field) called NAARI-DANG and reinforcement camp at Kuthakot　(most probably this place is also in this VDC. This village is the birthplace of may national level politicians and bureaucrats. The great revolutionary leader; ex-Prim Minister Dr. K. I.Singh was born in this village. At the time of his premiership in 1956, he establish a school by his name "Indra Primery School" by donating ruppies five thousand. This is the oldest school in this area nowadays the school is known as Indra Higher Secordary school situated at Lek-gada Dumrakot.

</doc>
<doc id="20293159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293159" title="Toleni">
Toleni

Toleni is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4408 people living in 864 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293169" title="Sven-Olov Sjödelius">
Sven-Olov Sjödelius

Sven-Olov Sjödelius (born June 13, 1933) was a Swedish sprint canoer who competed from the early 1950s to the early 1960s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two gold medals in the K-2 1000 m event (1960, 1964).
Sjödelius also won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two silvers (K-1 10000 m: 1963, K-4 1000 m: 1950) and a bronze (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1958).

</doc>
<doc id="20293172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293172" title="Wagalek">
Wagalek

Wagalek () is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2679 people living in 601 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293183" title="Warpata">
Warpata

Warpata is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2892 people living in 519 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293189" title="John McIntyre (hurler)">
John McIntyre (hurler)

John McIntyre (born 1961 in Lorrha, County Tipperary) is an Irish hurling manager and former player. He is the former manager of the Galway senior hurling team.
An effective centre-back, McIntyre enjoyed a relatively successful playing career at club level with Lorrha-Dorrha and at inter-county level with Tipperary. He was a member of the latter team for a number of seasons in the 1980s, when Tipperary were going though an uncharacteristic drought in terms of championship success.
After his playing days ended McIntyre gained notoriety as a manager and coach at all levels. A successful stint as manager of the Clarinbridge club team in Galway followed his first term as manager of the Offaly senior hurling team in the 1990s. McIntyre returned as Offaly manager almost a decade later before being appointed manager of the Galway senior hurling team in November 2008.
Playing career.
Club.
McIntyre played his club hurling with his local team Lorrha-Dorrha and enjoyed some success during the 1980s. In 1984 he captured a north Tipperary divisional title in 1984. This victory paved the way for Lorrha-Dorrha to advance to the final of the county senior championship. Moycarkey-Borris provided the opposition on that occasion, however, McIntyre's side could not match them. A 2–8 to 0–9 score line resulted in defeat for the north Tipp club. In spite of this, Lorrha-Dorrha were named club of the year in 1984, the centenary year of the Gaelic Athletic Association.
McIntyre added a second north Tipperary title to his collection in 1989.
Inter-county.
McIntyre first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Tipperary under-21 hurling team in the early 1980s. That year Tipp were hoping to capture a third All-Ireland under-21 title in-a-row. McIntyre was a key member of the team that claimed the Munster title following a 1–15 to 0–10 defeat of arch-rivals Cork. Tipperary later qualified for the All-Ireland final and McIntyre was once again named in the centre-back position on the team. Kilkenny provided the opposition, however, Tipp had too much for their near neighbours and fierce rivals. A final score of 2–16 to 1–10 meant that McIntyre had picked up a coveted All-Ireland under-21 winners' medal. 
McIntyre subsequently joined the Tipperary senior inter-county team, making his championship debut in a Munster quarter-final against Clare in 1983. It was a n uncharacteristic lean period for Tipp.
In his second season McIntyre lined out in his first Munster final. Cork provided the opposition and were going for a third provincial title in succession. Tipperary were hoping to win their first since 1971. With four minutes remaining Tipperary led by four points and the hoodoo looked set to end. Cork's Seánie O'Leary and Tony O'Sullivan had a different idea. Two quick goals clinched a 4–15 to 3–14 victory and McIntyre's side were defeated once again.
In 1985 Tipperary and Cork went to battle in the Munster decider once again. On this occasion there was no nail-biting finish as Cork secured a 4–17 to 4–11 victory and McIntyre found himself on the losing side for the second time.
By 1986 McIntyre was relegated to the substitutes' bench and was replaced at centre-back by Noel Sheehy. He came on as a replacement in Tipp's Munster semi-final defeat by Clare. This was his last game with Tipperary.
Managerial career.
Clarinbridge.
In 2001 McIntyre was recruited to the Clarinbridge senior hurling team as coach. It was a successful year for the club, as Clarinbridge reached the final of the county senior championship. Reigning All-Ireland club champions Athenry provided the opposition and were the favourites going into the game. Former Galway star Darragh Coen scored a point from a disputed free deep into injury time to secure a deserved 0–18 to 2–11 victory for McIntyre's side. It was Calrinbridge's first county title. The club subsequently reached the Connacht club final. Four Roads of Roscommon provided the opposition, however, Clarinbridge were too strong and won the game by 2–18 to 1–6. McIntyre's side later defeated Ballygunner in the All-Ireland semi-final to set up a championship decider meeting with Birr. That game at Semple Stadium saw Birr take complete control and defeat Clarinbridge by 2–10 to 1–5.
Offaly.
In late 1996 McIntyre became involved in inter-county management for the first time when he took charge of the Offaly senior team. His term in charge was not a successful one. After an average National League campaign Offaly subsequently had an unlucky Leinster semi-final defeat by Wexford. McIntyre's side lost that game by three points on a day when it took a fantastic save by Damien Fitzhenry to prevent Billy Dooley from scoring an equalizing goal in injury-time. He was subsequently ousted as manager and replaced by fellow county-man Michael 'Babs' Keating.
McIntyre was appointed Offaly manager for the second time on November 15, 2004. By this stage Offaly was no longer the hurling power that it was in the 1980s and 1990s. His first season on charge was far from successful. After a 6–28 to 0–15 thrashing by Kilkenny in the Leinster semi-final, McIntyre's side later crashed out of the championship in the All-Ireland qualifier group stage. By 2006 little had changed. After a defeat by Wexford in the Leinster semi-final, McIntyre's side later exited the championship in the All-Ireland qualifier group stage once again. 2007 saw the pattern continue with Offaly being defeated in the semi-final stage of the provincial championship. A defeat of Dublin in the qualifiers failed to save McIntyre's side from being dumped out of the championship. He resigned as manager shortly afterwards.
Galway.
McIntyre was confirmed as manager of the Galway senior hurling team, in succession to Ger Loughnane, on 18 November 2008. There were high hopes for Galway as the team entered the Leinster championship for the first time. After a trouncing of Laois in the opening round, McIntyre's Galway faced three-in-a-row All-Ireland champions Kilkenny in the provincial semi-final. Galway went five points ahead but 'the Cats' clawed their way back to win by 2–20 to 3–13. Galway later defeated Clare and Cork before being surprisingly defeated by Waterford in an All-Ireland quarter-final.
In May 2010, he guided Galway to win the 2010 National Hurling League with a 2–22 to 1–17 win against Cork at Semple Stadium.
In September 2011 McIntyre resigned as manager after a very disappointing season.

</doc>
<doc id="20293208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293208" title="Garden Court Apartments (Detroit, Michigan)">
Garden Court Apartments (Detroit, Michigan)

The Garden Court Apartments is an apartment building located at 2900 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Description.
The Garden Court Apartments is an H-shaped building standing nine stories tall with a symmetrical façade facing Jefferson Avenue. The lowest two stories are faced with limestone, while the remainder of the building is made from red brick. Two rounded bay window units rise the full nine stories. The top story has limestone belt courses and window surrounds, and a balustrade runs along the edge of the flat roof.
History.
The Garden Court Apartments were constructed for J. Harrington Walker (of Hiram Walker & Sons) in 1915. Walker lived across the street from the Garden Court; when the building was completed, he moved into one of the apartments.
The building originally housed 32 very large luxury apartments. Recently, the Garden Court Apartments have been converted to a condominium, with 65 one- two- and three-bedroom units.
The building was featured in the television show "Martin".

</doc>
<doc id="20293213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293213" title="The Kindness Offensive">
The Kindness Offensive

The Kindness Offensive (also known as TKO) is a group based in North London, England, which is renowned for orchestrating large scale random acts of kindness for unsuspecting members of the public. The stated purpose of The Kindness Offensive is to "‘Practice random kindness and senseless acts of beauty’", a phrase first coined by Anne Herbert.
History.
The Kindness Offensive began on 3 August 2008, when three of the four founding members David Goodfellow, Benny Crane,and James Hunter set out for Parliament Hill to ask members of the public what ‘random acts of kindness’ they would like done for them. They received many requests from the public, which they then proceeded to tackle using a technique developed by the fourth founding member Robert Williams which the group call 'Phone Whispering'.
In the following months, they gave away hundreds of free tickets to see West End musicals, concerts and sporting events, as well as musical instruments, kitchen equipment, high-end electrical items and handmade chocolates to name but a few.
TKO hit the headlines in October 2008 for giving away twenty-five tonnes of non-perishable foods to fourteen soup kitchens and drop-in centers across London. Some of the recipients included four branches of the Salvation Army, The Women’s Asylum Seekers Together, and the Muswell Hill Churches Soup Kitchen.
As a consequence of all the media attention TKO has seen, they started their own Youtube channel, which follows them on BBC One’s London News, BBC London 94.9FM, LBC and others. It has seen tremendous interest, with a total number of views climbing well over 2 million.
In December 2008, TKO teamed up with Vinspired and took a 70-strong team of volunteers to help give away over 35 tonnes of presents to people across London. They handed out 3,500 hampers and over 12,000 toys, as well as high-end electrical items and gizmos. They contributed to 12 different charities and community groups the day of the event, including Great Ormond Street Hospital, as well as taking presents door-to-door across London. TKO assert and it is widely accepted that their event on 22 December 2008 was the UK's largest ever Random Act of Kindness (at that time).
Presence in Popular culture.
TKO first hit the news when the Richmond Informer ran an article on 5 September titled "A free guitar for teenager Lucas, no strings attached" which told the story of the trio giving away a red electric guitar to a speechless teenage boy.
Their notoriety rose considerably when a BBC news item exploring their adventures titled ‘The Kindness Offensive Begins’ appeared seven times throughout the day on the BBC One’s London News on 7 October 2008.
On the same day they were interviewed on The Late Show with Jumoke Fashola on BBC London 94.9FM to talk about their work.
The BBC One London News ran another News item titled 'Hampers at the Ready' following the 'vinspired Kindness Offensive' event on 22 December 2008, which saw them hand out over thirty five tones of presents to the public at random as well as other charities and community groups. It generated huge media interest delving into their large, unusual and always inspiring events. Several articles have been written about the group, most notable of which was The Independent, who ran a double page article (pages 10 & 11) focusing on and exploring the kindness and inspiration of this group.
Liam Byrne MP of the Cabinet Office said in the Sunday Times 28 December 2008 of The Kindness Offensive,
"Few have better captured the new urge to give than The Kindness Offensive"
TKO were featured on the front page of the 26 February 2009 edition of the Hampstead & Highgate Express with an article appearing on page 4 titled 'Flipping great pancake day'.
'The Everyday Kindness Awards' was covered by the BBC News with an item titled, 'A pat on the back for kind Londoners', broadcast throughout the day on 14 August.
On 24 August 2009 The Sun newspaper ran a large article on page 14 with the headline, 'It's cool to be kind', which detailed TKO history and aims.
Mayor of London Boris Johnson, officially commended The Kindness Offensive stating,
"The Kindness Offensive project has brought immeasurable joy to many thousands of Londoners"
On Sunday 29 November The Sunday Times Style magazine ran an article with the headline 'The feel good factor' in which TKO exploits were reported along with social commentary from several influential people.
External links.
Kindness Offensive Youtube Channel - [http://uk.youtube.com/user/KindnessOffensive]
References.
BBC One, London News – Air Date - Tuesday, 7 October 2008
BBC News Channel – "'Kind' group hands out free food", Tuesday, 7 October 2008 - [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/london/7657091.stm]
BBC One News
"Hampers at the ready"
Reported by, Gareth Furby
Monday 22 December 2008
BBC Radio Scotland
93.9 FM
Fred MacAudley & Co show
24 December 2008 [http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=db-lXkY8mP8&feature=channel_page]
BBC Radio London
94.9FM
22 December 2008
BBC London Radio 94.9 FM – The Jumoke Fashola show, Air Date – 7 October 2008, 10.00PM [http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=kJ4gvwYjGkg&feature=channel_page]
BBC Radio Sheffield - 19 January 2009
ITN News
"An act of kindness"
Monday 22 December 2008
The Independent
"A Random Act of Christmas Kindness"
By Jerome Taylor
Monday, 22 December 2008
Pages 10–11
The Big Issue
"Festive freebies"
By Daisy Greenwell
Page 42
22 December 2008
The Sunday Times
"Think tank: New ideas for the 21st century: Joining the rush to help others
A new caring spirit shows society wants to heal"
By Liam Byrne
28 Dec 2008
Channel 4 News online
"Payments in kindness"
22 Dec 2008
Source: ITN
View London
"Vinspired Kindness Offensive"
City Talk 105.9FM
22 December 2008
Duncan Barks’ show [http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=5f1F4_YH8QI&feature=channel_page]
LBC 97.3 FM
22 December 2008
Jenny Barnet show [http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=xt22eW7rhaw&feature=channel_page]
The Big Issue, 13–19 October 2008 No.817, Page 42 [http://www.bigissue.com/]
Camden New Journal - Kindness ‘junkies’ offer much food for thought, by Charlotte Chambers, Published: 9 October 2008, Page 6
The Ham and High - "Kindness Offensive hauls in 25 tonnes of food for refugees", By Miguel Cullen, Published: 9 October 2008, Page 29 [http://www.hamhigh.co.uk/content/camden/hamhigh/YourCause/story.aspx?brand=northlondon24&category=YourCause&tBrand=northlondon24&tCategory=YourCause&itemid=WeED09%20Oct%202008%2014%3A31%3A18%3A407]
Richmond Informer – "A free guitar for teenager Lucas, no strings attached" By Patsy Duffy, Published: Friday, 5 September, Page 14 [http://www.trinitymirrorsouthern.co.uk/]
Boring Student.com - Pancake Day 2009
Yamaha UK – "Yamaha’s Kindness Offensive", 9 September 2008 [http://uk.yamaha.com/en/news_events/about_yamaha/2008/kindness/]
Londonist, "No Such Thing As A Free Lunch?"
Published; 8 October 2008, By Dean N Food and Drink - [http://londonist.com/2008/10/no_such_thing_as_a_free_lunch.php]
Kilburn Gent Word Press, "Random Acts of Kindness", 9 October 2008, by Chris Pearson
www.BoringStudent.com, Free pancakes [http://www.boringstudent.com/total-bs/post/free-pancake-craziness-hits-leicester-square]
Rhubarb, Pancake Day! [http://laurenvanderkar.wordpress.com/tag/the-kindness-offensive/]
Rhubarb, Pancake Day at Ed's Diner [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnRsPQzGBa4&feature=channel_page]
BBC News, "Pat on the back for kind Londoners"
All three of 'The Everyday Kindness Awards'.
The Sun Newspaper, 'It's cool to kind'.
The Times Newspaper Style Magazine 'The feel good factor'
The Ham & High, "Giving Sweets to Children, That's far too pick and Risk". 34
The Telegraph, "Council taking Candy from Babies"

</doc>
<doc id="20293215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293215" title="Parco Lago Alloca">
Parco Lago Alloca

Parco Lago Alloca is a community located in Campania, a region of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20293248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293248" title="Hirotsugu Nakabayashi">
Hirotsugu Nakabayashi

, commonly referred to as Woods, is a Japanese football player currently playing for Fagiano Okayama.
Career statistics.
Last update: 16 January 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20293258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293258" title="András Szente">
András Szente

András Szente (December 10, 1939 – September 14, 2012) was a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1950s to the late 1960s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two silver medals at Rome in 1960, earning them in the K-1 4 × 500 m and the K-2 1000 m events.
Szente also won two silver medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships (K-1 4 × 500 m: 1966, K-4 1000 m: 1958).
The Life of András Szente
Szente András V was born on December 10, 1939, in Budapest, Hungary to Szente Erzsebet (Schmidt) and Szente András IV. András was one of four children with an older sister named Katalin and younger twin brothers named István and József. His father owned his own hair salon and was a well-known hairstylist in Budapest with a client list that included some of the most famous opera and movie stars of the time. Growing up in communist Hungary, András saw firsthand how communism limited freedom in Hungary, and his experiences growing up would shape his life forever in ways that he could not have imagined as a young boy. 
In his early teens András took up the sport of kayaking, which is a national pastime for the Hungarian people. He quickly rose through the competitive ranks becoming first a national champion, then a European champion, world champion, and finally a two-time Olympian winning two silver medals in the 1960 Rome Olympics and placing fourth in the 1964 Tokyo Olympics. András saw his sports career as a ticket to travel the world, traveling all throughout Europe with his teammates and visiting distant countries that the average Hungarian only dreamed of because travel was strictly limited during communist rule. In 1956, when András was only in his late teens and in high school, he participated in the uprising when the Hungarian people revolted against their communist dictators. Many years later, after he had defected to California, András would commemorate the anniversary of the ’56 uprising and would reflect back that many of his classmates that went out to protest that day never came home because they lost their lives. In 1969 András defected communist Hungary, traveling to Germany where he worked with American aid workers until he was given permission to come to the United States. He was so grateful to the American people for giving him his freedom and an opportunity to start a new life in America.
Upon arriving in America, András quickly integrated into the large Hungarian-American community in Los Angeles, California, joining a youth dance group where he would meet his future wife, Ágnes Zerinvári. András pursued Ágnes for two years until they fell in love and were married on August 26, 1972. The two were adventurous from the outset, traveling across the United States with their Dalmatian and camper in tow, and later traveled extensively throughout the world. On February 23, 1981, Ágnes and András gave birth to twin boys, Andrew Szente VI and László Szente, and would raise their young family in California before setting off on adventurous travels that would take them to Virginia, Saudi Arabia, West Virginia and ultimately back to Virginia. 
András died on September 14, 2012, at the age of 72 while vacationing with Ágnes in Florida. They had just celebrated their 40th wedding anniversary weeks earlier with their family. András had just retired from work the prior year and was so much looking forward to traveling the world, catching up on reading, and spending more time with his wife, boys and his granddaughter Charlotte. András had always loved the energy and youth of children throughout his life, but he especially loved his grandchild Charlotte, and she too loved him very much. 
As the saying goes, it’s not how many days you lived that is important, but it’s what you did with those days that matter the most. András lived a storied life and lived every day to the fullest. He was a family man whose only concern was for the wellbeing and happiness of his family and friends. András is survived by his wife Ágnes; his sons Andrew and László; his granddaughter Charlotte; and his sister and brothers, Katalin, István and József. 
András’s final wish was that his ashes be scattered into the waters around the world, the same waters that would bring his life to fulfillment. And so every time you gaze out into the great oceans, rivers and lakes, think back on the warmth, love and friendship that he brought to those around him and celebrate the life of Szente András.

</doc>
<doc id="20293284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293284" title="Josephina (road)">
Josephina (road)

The Josephina (, ) is a historic road in Croatia that connects Senj and thus the Adriatic coast and Karlovac and the Pannonian plain. It crosses the Dinaric Alps via the Vratnik pass ( above sea level) between Senj and Brinje and the Kapela Pass between Brinje and Modruš.
Vratnik pass, currently a part of the D23 road, was already in use during Roman time as a salt road, and it became important for timber and other goods in the Middle Ages. However, the first well documented road built along the route was "Via Josephina" named after Joseph II, Holy Roman Emperor who commissioned its construction in 1775. Latin inscriptions carved in rock along the original Via Josephina route completed in 1779 testify that the Emperor travelled through the Vratnik pass on horseback when he realized that the route between Senj, as a major fortress on Adriatic coast, and the hinterland was nearly impassable. Legend has it that this happened when he fell from his horse near Vratnik Pass. Even though the incident is impossible to verify, the town of Josipdol to the east of the mountain pass is named after the Holy Roman Emperor.
In 1775, Joseph II indeed commissioned construction of the route, exactly long, from Vinko Struppi, a military engineer, and the road, named after the Emperor, was completed in 1779. The original route comprised very steep sections and 20% inclines were not uncommon. There was even one climb at a 30% grade. Because of this the road was modified and extended by , in order to remove such steep sections. The first reconstruction was carried out as early as late 18th century, and another one between 1833 and 1845 managed by Field Marshal Josip Filip Vukasović and Josip Kajetan Knežić respectively. Subsequent modifications were not as significant. The road was paved in 1950, when the last minor modifications of the route were executed.
The route was distinguished by mile markers along the route, an obelisk in Karlovac marking the beginning of the road and a specially built gate in Senj marking its end. Most remarkably the original road included a stone bridge across three spans in Tounj, which was expanded during the reconstruction of 1845 and now has two levels. The upper level was destroyed during World War II, but it was rebuilt in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="20293298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293298" title="Coastal migration">
Coastal migration

Coastal migration is a term sometimes used in modern anthropology and genetics for the concept that, from a single origin in Africa 100–200 thousand years before present, early human migrations first spread eastwards to areas outside Africa along routes that were predominantly located around coastlines. Other terms, such as southern coastal route, rapid coastal settlement, coastal migration theory and Coastal Migration Model, are also used.
Coastal migration theory in Asia and Oceania.
The coastal route is primarily used to describe the initial peopling of the Arabian peninsula, India, Southeast Asia, New Guinea, Australia, coastal China and Japan, and is linked with the presence and dispersal of mtDNA haplogroup M and haplogroup N, as well as the specific distribution patterns of Y-DNA haplogroup C and haplogroup D, in these regions. The theory proposes that humans, likely similar to the Negritos or Proto-Australoids of modern times, arrived in the Arabian peninsula from Africa, then on the southern coastal regions of the Indian mainland, followed by spread to the Andaman Islands and modern-day Indonesia, and thence branching southwards to Australia and northwards towards Japan. National Geographic's Genographic Project uses the term 'Coastal Clan' to describe the initial human groups of Y-DNA haplogroup C who expanded eastwards out from Africa along the coastal route around 50 kybp.
Roger Blench discusses the theory in relation to language families.
Coastal migration hypothesis in the New World.
Sometimes, the theory is extended to cover onwards migration, via the Bering Strait (which was a land bridge during the last ice age), into North America, and then onwards to Central and South America along the western coast. Findings such as the report that the sediments in the Port Eliza caves on Vancouver Island, which indicated the possibility of survivable climate until 16 kybp in the area, have helped bolster the hypothesis recently. However, despite such research, the postulate is still subject to considerable debate. For the Pacific Northwest, Carlson, and others have argued for a coastal migration from Alaska pre-10,000 B.P. that predates the migration of Clovis people moving south through an ice-free corridor located near the continental divide. These people were followed by the Clovis culture, which some archaeologists believe moved south from Alaska through an ice-free corridor located between modern British Columbia and Alberta. Recent dating of Clovis and similar paleoindian sites in Alaska suggest that Clovis technology actually moved from the south into Alaska following the melting of the continental glaciers about 10,500 years ago.
As the ice sheets began to melt, it became possible for riverine-adapted people who made and used microblade technology to move west to the Northwest coast. A second migration of the Denali culture at around 10,700 b.p. brought peoples down the coast from Alaska. Carlson hypothesizes that a population with a maritime adaptation could have travelled south from Alaska down the coastal islands by watercraft, settling as the ice receded, then moving up rivers to the interior. This would account for early finds at Ground Hog Bay in SE Alaska and Namu, about 800 km south of Ground Hog Bay near modern Bella Coola dating to 10,180 +/− 800 b.p. and 9700 b.p., respectively. According to the Matson and Coupland dual migration hypothesis, Namu and Ground Hog Bay represent a second migration while the initial migration route south was through the ice free corridor. Part of the difficulty is the lack of site data prior to 10,000 b.p. as well as the limited number of archaeological investigations into the coastal migration model. Other factors affecting migration models are sea level changes and the question of available land mass to support migrating groups of people.
Evidence from Southeast Alaska and Haida Gwaii (Queen Charlotte Islands) in British Columbia, provides some data about food and land resources during the last glacial maximum. Fedje and Christensen (1999) have identified several sites on Haida Gwaii that date to post 9000 b.p. (642). The oldest human remains known from Alaska or Canada are from On Your Knees Cave, which is on Prince of Wales Island in Southeast Alaska. The individual, a young man in his early twenties when he died, has been dated to 10,300 years ago and isotopic analyses indicate the individual was raised on a diet primarily of marine foods. These data suggest that there are a number of submerged sites just beyond the shorelines of Haida Gwaii (Fedje & Christensen, 1999) and along the coast of Southeast Alaska. Paleoecological evidence suggests that travel along the coast would have been possible between 13,000 and 11,000 b.p. as the ice sheets began retreating. Between 13,000 and 10,500 b.p. Haida Gwaii had more than double its current land area (Fedje & Christensen, 1999:638). This area was flooded as the ice sheets began to melt between 11,000 and 9,000 b.p. (Ibid). Therefore any evidence of human occupation would now be below sea level. Conversely, older sites that are located near modern shorelines would have been approximately 15 miles from the coast (Ibid). The antiquity of the lithic scatters that Fedje and Christensen (1999) have found in intertidal zones along the Haida Gwaii coast suggests an early human occupation of the area.
Fedje and Christensen (1999) support Carlson (1990), and Fladmark's (1975, 1979 & 1989) initial coastal migration model rather than the ice free corridor model proposed by Matson and Coupland (1995) through their investigations of intertidal zones on Haida Gwaii. The coastal region was quite hospitable by 13,000 b.p. to peoples with watercraft and a maritime adaptation. Furthermore, Fedje and Christensen (1999) argue that the coast was likely colonized before 13,000 b.p. (648). This assertion is based largely on watercraft evidence from Japan and Australia before 13000 b.p. If maritime peoples colonized Island Southeast Asia, Australia, western Melanesia, the Ryukyu Islands, and Japan between 50,000 and 35,000 years ago, they may well have been capable of migrating from Northeast Asia into the Americas as the North Pacific Coast warmed and deglaciated after about 16,000 years ago. Although no boats have been recovered from early Northwest Coast archaeological sites, this may be due to poor preservation of organic materials and the inundation of coastal areas mentioned above. We can still infer water travel based on the presence of artifacts made by humans found in island sites.
Other evidence comes from zooarchaeological finds along the Northwest coast. Goat remains as old as 12,000 b.p. have been found on Vancouver Island, British Columbia as well as bear remains dating to 12,500 b.p. in the Prince of Wales Archipelago, British Columbia. Even older remains of black and brown bear, caribou, sea birds, fish, and ringed seal have been dated from a number of caves in Southeast Alaska by paleontologist Timothy Heaton. This means that there were enough land and floral resources to support large land mammals and theoretically, humans. Further intertidal and underwater investigations may produce sites older than 11,000 b.p.. Coastal occupation prior to 13,000 b.p. would allow for people to migrate further south and account for the early South American sites.
Anecdotal evidence comes from the surviving Bella Bella oral tradition as recorded by Franz Boas in 1898. "In the beginning there was nothing but water and ice and a narrow strip of shoreline". Some believe this story describes the Northwest Coast during the last glacial maximum and that the story suggests that the Northwest Coast colonization occurred during the last ice age.
Further south, California's Channel Islands have produced even earlier evidence for seafaring by Paleoindian (or Paleocoastal) peoples. Santa Rosa and San Miguel islands, for instance, have produced five sites dating to the Terminal Pleistocene, including the Arlington Man site dated to ~11,000 radiocarbon years (13,000 cal BP) and Daisy Cave occupied about 10,700 radiocarbon years ago (~11,500 cal BP). Erlandson and his colleagues have also identified several early shell middens located near sources of chert, which was used to make stone tools. These quarry/workshop sites have been dated between about 10,800 and 10,500 RYBP (~12,000–11,500 cal BP) and contain crescents and finely made stemmed projectiles points probably used to hunt birds and sea mammals, respectively. Significantly, the Channel Islands have not been connected to the mainland coast during the Quaternary, so maritime peoples contemporary with the Clovis and Folsom complexes in the interior had to have seaworthy boats to colonize them. The Channel Islands have also produced the earliest fishhooks yet found in the Americas, bone bipoints (gorges) that date between about 10,000 and 9500 cal BP.
Even further south, the Monte Verde site in Chile has become accepted as a settlement around 14,800 years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="20293300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293300" title="Cross-platform support middleware">
Cross-platform support middleware

A cross-platform support middleware (CPSM) is a software abstraction layer that guarantees the existence, and correct implementation, of a set of services on top a set of platforms.
Abstraction method.
The abstraction method in the CPSM development is the method used to compile the concrete source code for a given platform without compromising the abstract interfaces provided.
The most commonly used abstraction methods in CPSM development are: conditional compilation and directory separation of sources. 
The first method consists in embedding preprocessor instructions in the source code to conditionally select the source subtree compatible with a given platform. 
The second method takes advantage of the filesystem organization to divide the source code in different folders, one for each incompatible platform. Thus delegating the selection problem to the build system. 
Some distributions like MSYS and Cygwin may help build the cross-platform code in a Unix-like environment even on Microsoft Windows. Both distributions provide a decent version of GNU Make that can direct the build process in a cross-platform fashion.

</doc>
<doc id="20293303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293303" title="Jamie Field">
Jamie Field

Jamie Field (born 12 December 1976) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played for Leeds Rhinos, Huddersfield Giants, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats and Featherstone Rovers as a , , or .
Career.
Born in Bradford, West Yorkshire, Field joined Leeds from amateur club Dewsbury Moor in September 1993. He made his debut in the 1995–96 season, and went on to make 28 appearances for the club. He was loaned to Huddersfield Giants in 1998, appearing 20 times during the Super League III season.
He spent the majority of his Super League career at Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, where he played for eight seasons before being released at the end of 2006.
Outside of rugby league.
Field has owned the personal training gym "5 Star Fitness" since 2004. He runs the gym chain with several other current and former professional sportsmen, including Ross Divorty, Luke Menzies, Damien Gibson (all rugby league players) and Kenny Milne (former footballer).
He married Tracy Rogerson In 2000. Their first child, Oliver, was born in 2002, and their second child, Amelia, was born 4 years later in 2006. Jamie now lives in Tadcaster with Tracy, Oliver and Amelia.

</doc>
<doc id="20293305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293305" title="Josephina">
Josephina

Josephina is a female name, a feminine form of Joseph. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20293306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293306" title="Takashi Rakuyama">
Takashi Rakuyama

Career statistics.
Last update: 29 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20293313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293313" title="Ramsay Brothers">
Ramsay Brothers

Ramsay Brothers are Bollywood filmmakers and son of F.U. Ramsay.
they are producers, directors and editors for many famous Hindi horror movies such as "Veerana", "Purana Mandir" and "Bandh Darwaza", and the TV series "Zee Horror Show" They are a team of seven brothers:

</doc>
<doc id="20293315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293315" title="Denis Alibec">
Denis Alibec

Denis Alibec (born 5 January 1991 in Mangalia) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a striker for Astra Giurgiu.
Club career.
On 19 May 2010, Alibec scored a goal in each half to give Inter victory over Bayern Munich in the UEFA Under-18 Challenge match, part of UEFA Grassroots Day.
Alibec made his Serie A debut on 21 November 2010, coming on as a sub for Jonathan Biabiany in the 68th minute in a 1-2 lost match against Chievo Verona.
He then was in rich form in the Campionato Primavera Girone B for Inter's Primavera side scoring 8 goals in 9 appearances. He is a left footed player while being known for his composure, balance, and relaxed way of playing.
On 24 August 2011, Alibec was loaned to Belgian Pro League side KV Mechelen on a one-year deal.

</doc>
<doc id="20293332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293332" title="György Mészáros">
György Mészáros

György Mészáros (born April 30, 1933) was a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1950s to the early 1970s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two silver medals at Rome in 1960, earning them in the K-1 4 × 500 m and the K-2 1000 m events.
Mészáros also won five medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-2 1000 m: 1954), three silvers (K-1 4 × 500 m: 1958, K-4 1000 m: 1958, K-4 10000 m: 1971), and a bronze (K-4 10000 m: 1954).
His daughter Erika won two Olympic canoeing medals of her own in the women's K-4 500 m event with a gold in 1992 and a silver in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20293338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293338" title="Thomas Chrostwaite">
Thomas Chrostwaite

Thomas Francis Chrostwaite (1873-1958, USA) established the Pennsylvania State Association of Boroughs in 1911. A native of Ashley Borough, Mr. Chrostwaite was an 1898 graduate of Harvard University and went on to serve as a school administrator for several years in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania.
Career.
In 1905, after graduation from Harvard, Chrostwaite was admitted to the Pennsylvania Bar and opened a law office in York County, where he dedicated his efforts as municipal solicitor for Hanover Borough. In this capacity, Chrostwaite became fascinated with community organization, municipal law, and the history of local governments. His passion for these subjects led him to visit borough governments across Pennsylvania, where he would often converse with citizens that lived under various styles of municipal government to gain a more comprehensive perspective of the Commonwealth. His personal enrichment also extended to his foreign travels, where Chrostwaite attempted to further develop his understanding of local governmental systems and their responsiveness to the citizens they serve. His extensive experiences were instrumental in establishing the Pennsylvania State Association of Boroughs. Chrostwaite was editor of the "Municipal Law Reporter". Later he served as school administrator in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania State Association of Boroughs.
In the early years, the Association advocated for health regulations to confront high incidences of disease, promoted infrastructure development which led to job creation and served a vital role in helping to shape state programs that were important to citizens. Chrostwaite retired as President of PSAB in 1957 at the age of 84. To memorialize his contributions, PSAB created the Chrostwaite Institute. He is also commemorated by the Thomas F. Chrostwaite Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20293348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293348" title="Dubb Union">
Dubb Union

Dubb Union is a rap group featuring artists from Los Angeles and the nearby cities of Inglewood, Long Beach, and Watts.
The original name of the group was Westurn Union, but was later changed to Dubb Union to avoid a lawsuit with banking company Western Union.
The members of Dubb Union include Soopafly (Priest Brooks), Damani (Damani Washington), and Bad Lucc (Terence Harden).
Their first major label appearance was on the song "Like This" from Snoop Dogg's 2006 album "Tha Blue Carpet Treatment".
Their street album titled "House Shoe Muzik, Vol. 1" will be hosted by DJ Crazy Toones and is set to release in April 2008. The production was handled by Soopafly and features the single "All Night" as well as "Cali Grown". The official Westurn Union album was released on September 8, 2008 through Doggystyle/Koch.
Bad Lucc has started achieving success as a solo artist. He was featured on Problem's 2012 single "Like Whaaat", which was originally taken from Problem's mixtape "Welcome to Mollywood 2", and peaked at #20 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart, making both artists' most successful single to date. He has also frequently collaborated with Problem, his group The HBK Gang and their founder Iamsu!.
Discography.
Member Discography.
Damani.
Appears on
Mixtapes
Bad Lucc.
Mixtapes

</doc>
<doc id="20293361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293361" title="Ajayameru">
Ajayameru

Ajayameru is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. It was a Capital of Doti kingdom founded by Niranjan dev in 11th century . At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3930 people living in 737 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293364" title="Albert Kingsbury">
Albert Kingsbury

Albert Kingsbury (23 December 1863 – 28 July 1943) was an American engineer, inventor and entrepreneur. He was responsible for over fifty patents obtained between the years 1902 to 1930. [2 Kingsbury is most famous for his tilting pad thrust bearing which uses a thin film of oil to support weights of up to 220 tons. This bearing extended the service life of many types of machinery during the early 20th century. It was primarily outfitted on Navy ships during World War I and World War II. [4
Personal life.
Albert Kingsbury was born in Morris, Illinois and graduated from Cuyahoga Falls High School, OH in 1880.Kingsbury would eventually father five daughters. [1 In addition to his interest in tribology and bearings, Kingsbury enjoyed the world of arts, history, and letters. He devoted much time to the study of foreign languages. Kingsbury died in 1943, and was buried at the Quaker Cemetery, Spring Mills, Pennsylvania. [1
Formal education.
In 1884, Kingsbury attended the University of Akron to study Scientific-Latin courses. He dropped out and worked as a machine apprentice in Cuyahoga Falls. Kingsbury credited this as an important experience that led him to advance his career in engineering.[2 Kingsbury resumed his formal education at Ohio State University, but he again dropped out to work as a machinist with the Warner and Swasey Company in Cleveland.
Kingsbury received his mechanical engineering degree from Cornell University in 1887. It was at Cornell that he met Professor Robert H. Thurston. Professor Thurston was instrumental in shaping Kingsbury’s interest in bearings and tribology. Working under Professor Thurston, Kingsbury conducted tests on bearing materials for the Pennsylvania Railroad. [2 His craftsmanship, honed by his experience in machine shops, allowed Kingsbury to fit half-bushings to the journal by scraping. His hand fitting produced the small tolerances that promoted film lubrication. These bearings, when ran showed no measurable signs of wear, and was Kingsbury’s prompt to the creation of the thrust bearings which now bear his name.
Teaching career.
University of New Hampshire.
Kingsbury pursued a teaching position at the University of New Hampshire. Within two years, he was a professor of Mechanical Engineering courses at the university. [1His new position at the university allowed him to continue pursuing his interest in lubrication. During his time at the University of New Hampshire, he created an innovative test machine to measure friction in coarse pitch, lubricated screw threads at loads of up to 14,000 psi. [2 The usefulness of this invention received mixed reviews from the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME). His research also covered fluid lubricated bearings, and he published a paper entitled "Experiments with an Air Lubricated Bearing". It was at this university that he envisioned the Kingsbury thrust bearing.
Worcester Polytechnic Institute.
Kingsbury joined the Worcester Polytechnic Institute to continue pursuing his interest in lubrication. He secured expansions for laboratory facilities and funding to continue his tests on a centrally pivoted thrust bearing with the aid of his students. [2
Invention of the Kingsbury thrust bearing.
Kingsbury’s research at the University of New Hampshire led him to conceive an early Kingsbury bearing that consisted of several stationary arc segments facing a thrust collar on the rotating shaft. Each segment would have a boss on the side away from the thrust collar, allowing it to tilt and form an oil wedge that would carry the thrust.Kingsbury tested this new bearing with a modified version of his earlier screw thread testing machine. The bearing was successful with pressures of up to 4,000 psi at speeds of 285 rpm. [2 This pressure exceeded that for common collar-type bearings by a factor of 80 to 100, thus proving the promise of the Kingsbury bearing. 
Westinghouse career.
Kingsbury joined the Westinghouse Electric Company in Pittsburgh as a general engineer. He used this as an opportunity to advance the development of his thrust bearings in an industrial setting. Unfortunately, the first test of his thrust bearing was a failure. His bearing overheated during the test and was discarded. [2 This made the company skeptical of Kingsbury’s invention, but Westinghouse’s skepticism did not dent Kingsbury’s mettle. Kingsbury would later fund his own test that proved his bearings successful. Unfortunately Westinghouse decided to stick to more conventional ball bearings for their motors.
Patenting of the Kingsbury thrust http://www.rollerbearing.info.
Kingsbury tried to file for a U.S. patent during 1907. His initial application was rejected as a British patent had been granted in 1905 to A.G.M. Michell who had a similar concept. Kingsbury was able to demonstrate that his 1898 test at the University of New Hampshire predated Michell’s work, so in 1910 Kingsbury was awarded US patent No. 947242 for the tilting pad thrust bearing. [2
Success of the Kingsbury bearing.
Kingsbury would eventually run his own business with the Westinghouse Machine Co. building his bearings. This allowed him to actively pursue applications for his newly patented thrust bearing. His first chance came when the Pennsylvania Water and Power Co. gave him the opportunity to demonstrate his bearing on their power generator at the Susquehanna River.
His first bearing was a failure as it was immediately destroyed by Babbitt wiping. Fortunately for Kingsbury, the Pennsylvania Water and Power Co. gave him a second chance. His bearing succeeded this time, and worked flawlessly for the next 25 years. When it was inspected after 25 years, there was so little evidence of wear that it was calculated that the bearing would last 1,300 to 1,700 years.[2 The same bearing is still operating smoothly today. By World War I, the Kingsbury thrust bearing was used extensively in the navy especially to transmit thrust from propeller shafts to ships' hulls (i.e., the propeller pushes water in one direction, and the Kingsbury thrust bearing, attached to the shaft and mounted to the ship, pushes the ship in the opposite direction).[2 In 1921, the Kingsbury thrust bearing had become so popular that Westinghouse could no longer keep up with the demand, thus prompting Kingsbury to set up his own manufacturing plant.
Later years.
Kingsbury continued to pursue his interest in bearings and tribology later in his life. One of his greatest achievements was his analysis of the effects of side leakage of lubricants from bearings. By recognizing the analogy in the equations for lubrication and those for electrical flow in a conductive fluid and variable depth, Kingsbury was able to make complicated predictions of slider load capacity well before the advent of computers. 
Legacy and awards.
Kingsbury received many accolades for his contributions to science and engineering. He was awarded the Gold Medal of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers in 1931; the Elliott Cresson Medal of the Franklin Institute; and honorary doctorates from the University of New Hampshire and Worcester Polytechnic Institute. The Kingsbury Hall at the University of New Hampshire also pays homage to the great inventor. Albert Kingsbury was inducted in the National Inventors Hall of Fame. [4
Sources.
1)NNDB. http://www.nndb.com/people/948/000170438/ (accessed November 18, 2008)
2)McHugh, Jim. October 2003. Sound and Vibration. Kingsbury Bearings. http://www.kingsbury.com/pdfs/albert_kingsbury.pdf (accessed November 18, 2008)
3)University of New Hampshire- Albert Kingsbury. http://www.ceps.unh.edu/kingsbury/kingsbury_albert.html (accessed November 18, 2008)
4)National Inventors Hall of Fame. http://www.ibs.invent.org/hall_of_fame/344.html (accessed
November 18, 2008)

</doc>
<doc id="20293373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293373" title="Alital">
Alital

Alital is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8307 people living in 1401 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293374" title="Jalan Besar, Kluang">
Jalan Besar, Kluang

Jalan Besar, Kluang or Kluang Middle Ring Road, Federal Route is a federal road in Kluang town, Johor, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 173 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20293375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293375" title="Tomotaka Okamoto (footballer)">
Tomotaka Okamoto (footballer)

He was a member of U-17 Japan national football team for 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup.
Career statistics.
As of 17 December 2010
National team career statistics.
As of 8 November 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20293389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293389" title="Colum Halpenny">
Colum Halpenny

Colum Halpenny (born ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s, playing at club level for Parramatta Eels, Halifax, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a , or .

</doc>
<doc id="20293394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293394" title="Ashigram">
Ashigram

Ashigram is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2708 people living in 468 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293401" title="Lambert's problem">
Lambert's problem

In celestial mechanics Lambert's problem is the boundary value problem for the differential equation 
of the two-body problem for which the Kepler orbit is the general solution.
The precise formulation of Lambert's problem is as follows:
Two different times formula_2 and two position vectors formula_3 are given.
Find the solution formula_4 satisfying the differential equation above for which 
Initial geometrical analysis.
The three points
form a triangle in the plane defined by the vectors formula_9 and formula_11 as illustrated in figure 1. The distance between the points formula_8 and formula_10 is formula_16, the distance between the points formula_8 and formula_7 is formula_19 and the distance between the points formula_10 and formula_7 is formula_22. The value formula_23 is positive or negative depending on which of the points formula_8 and formula_10 that is furthest away from the point formula_7. The geometrical problem to solve is to find all ellipses that go through the points formula_8 and formula_10 and have a focus at the point formula_7
The points formula_7, formula_8 and formula_10 define a hyperbola going through the point formula_7 with foci at the points formula_8 and formula_10. The point formula_7 is either on the left or on the right branch of the hyperbola depending on the sign of formula_23. The semi-major axis of this hyperbola is formula_38 and the eccentricity formula_39 is formula_40. This hyperbola is illustrated in figure 2. 
Relative the usual canonical coordinate system defined by the major and minor axis of the hyperbola its equation is 
with
For any point on the same branch of the hyperbola as formula_7 the difference between the distances formula_44 to point formula_10 and formula_46 to point formula_8 is 
formula_48
For any point formula_49 on the other branch of the hyperbola corresponding relation is 
formula_50
i.e.
But this means that the points formula_8 and formula_10 both are on the ellipse having the focal points formula_7 and formula_49 and the semi-major axis
The ellipse corresponding to an arbitrary selected point formula_49 is displayed in figure 3.
Solution of Lambert's problem assuming an elliptic transfer orbit.
First one separates the cases of having the orbital pole in the direction formula_58 or in the direction formula_59. In the first case the transfer angle formula_60 for the first passage through formula_61 will be in the interval formula_62 and in the second case it will be in the interval formula_63. Then formula_64 will continue to pass through formula_61 every orbital revolution.
In case formula_66 is zero, i.e. formula_67 and formula_68 have opposite directions, all orbital planes containing corresponding line are equally adequate and the transfer angle formula_60 for the first passage through formula_61 will be formula_71.
For any formula_60 with formula_73 the triangle formed by formula_8 , formula_10 and formula_7 are as in figure 1 with
and the semi-major axis (with sign!) of the hyperbola discussed above is
The eccentricity (with sign!) for the hyperbola is
and the semi-minor axis is 
The coordinates of the point formula_7 relative the canonical coordinate system for the hyperbola are (note that formula_82 has the sign of formula_83)
The transfer times from "P"1 to "P"2 for other values of "y" are displayed in Figure 4.
Practical applications.
The most typical use of this algorithm to solve Lambert's problem is certainly for the design of interplanetary missions. A spacecraft traveling from the Earth to for example Mars can in first approximation be considered to follow a heliocentric elliptic Kepler orbit from the position of the Earth at the time of launch to the position of Mars at the time of arrival. By comparing the initial and the final velocity vector of this heliocentric Kepler orbit with corresponding velocity vectors for the Earth and Mars a quite good estimate of the required launch energy and of the maneuvres needed for the capture at Mars can be obtained. This approach is often used in conjunction with the Patched Conic Approximation. This is also a method for Orbit determination. If two positions of a spacecraft at different times are known with good precision from for example a GPS fix the complete orbit can be derived with this algorithm, i.e an interpolation and an extrapolation of these two position fixes is obtained.
Open source code to solve Lambert's problem.
From MATLAB central
PyKEP a Python library for space flight mechanics and astrodynamics (contains a Lambert's solver, implemented in C++ and exposed to python via boost python)

</doc>
<doc id="20293407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293407" title="Bagarkot">
Bagarkot

Bagarkot is a village development committee in south-west of Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. The population is about 6025 according to the census of 2008. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3658 people living in 620 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293408" title="Adam Hughes (rugby)">
Adam Hughes (rugby)

Adam Hughes (born 1 October 1977) is an English born professional rugby league and rugby union footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing representative rugby league (RL) for Wales, and at club level for Milford ARLFC, Leeds Rhinos, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Halifax, Widnes Vikings, Leigh Centurions, Oldham Roughyeds, and Barrow Raiders, as a , or , i.e. 2 or 5, or, 3 or 4, and playing club rugby union (RU) for Leeds Tykes.
Playing career.
International honours.
born 1 October 1977 in Leeds, Adam Hughes won caps for Wales (RL) in 2002 against New Zealand, in 2003 against Russia, and Australia, in 2004 against Ireland. and Scotland, in 2005 against Scotland, and France, in 2006 against Scotland, and in 2007 against Papua New Guinea, Scotland, and Lebanon. Adam Hughes won caps for Wales while at Widnes, Leigh, and Oldham 2002–2007 13(11?)-caps.
First Division Grand Final Appearances.
Adam Hughes played , i.e. number 4, in Wakefield Trinity's 24–22 victory over Featherstone Rovers in the 1998 First Division Grand Final at McAlpine Stadium, Huddersfield on Saturday 26 September 1998.
Championship Cup Final Appearances.
Adam Hughes played , i.e. number 3, in Leigh Centurions's 22–18 victory over Hull Kingston Rovers in the 2006 Northern Rail Cup Final at Bloomfield Road, Blackpool on Sunday 16 July 2006.
Genealogical Information.
Adam Hughes is the brother of the rugby league footballer, Ian Hughes.

</doc>
<doc id="20293415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293415" title="Belapur, Nepal">
Belapur, Nepal

Belapur is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5285 people living in 928 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293417" title="Ian Knott">
Ian Knott

Ian Knott (born 2 October 1976) is a former rugby league player. Knott played at club level for Warrington Wolves, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, and Leigh Centurions, as a , or .
Career.
Knott is one of the many players produced by the amateur scene in Oldham. He came through the ranks at the Mayfield and Wigan St Jude's amateur clubs and was acquired by Warrington Wolves as a youngster along with Paul Sculthorpe and Iestyn Harris. Knott played a key role in helping Leigh Centurions win the 2004 National League One Grand Final and a place in Super League.
A back injury sustained whilst playing prematurely ended Knott's career in 2005. Knott has since had 6 operations to remove or repair damaged discs in his spine and implant an intrathecal morphine pump into his spinal fluid, this was fitted at the Walton Centre in Liverpool. Ian unfortunately now has limited mobility due to constant severe pain and permanent nerve damage and now requires the aid of a walking stick. Knott has received a great deal of help and support since his injury from the Rugby League public, the Rugby League Charity XIII Heroes and the RFL Benevolent Fund.
Personal life.
Knott is married to Danielle and has two boys, Ethan & Haydyn.

</doc>
<doc id="20293427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293427" title="Bhadrapur, Mahakali">
Bhadrapur, Mahakali

Bhadrapur is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2474 people living in 430 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293438" title="Bhageswor">
Bhageswor

Bhageswor is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3402 people living in 595 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293448" title="Bhumiraj">
Bhumiraj

Bhumiraj is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2739 people living in 510 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293462" title="Chipur">
Chipur

Chipur is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2589 people living in 483 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293465" title="Kym Bonython">
Kym Bonython

Hugh Reskymer "Kym" Bonython, AC, DFC, AFC (15 September 1920 - 19 March 2011) was a prominent and active member of Adelaide society in Australia, with a very wide range of interests, activities and achievements in the fields of business, the arts, entertainment and public service.
His occupations included radio broadcaster, pilot, speedway motorbike rider, speedway racing car driver, speedway promoter, hydroplane racer, author, concert promoter, art dealer, art promoter, art collector, jazz aficionado, jazz promoter, jazz collector, jazz musician, monarchist, euthanasia advocate, company director, board member and numerous others.
Biography.
"Kym" was born on 15 September 1920 in Adelaide, South Australia), the youngest child of Sir John Lavington Bonython and his second wife Lady Jean Bonython, née Constance Jean Warren. (Sir John's first wife died in childbirth, aged 26). He was named "Hugh Reskymer Bonython" after an ancestor who had served as High Sheriff of Cornwall in 1619. Both his father, John Lavington Bonython, and his grandfather, John Langdon Bonython, had been (amongst other things) editors of daily Adelaide newspaper "The Advertiser". His father had also served as a councillor, alderman, Mayor and Lord Mayor of the City of Adelaide. Kym was the youngest of six children; he had one half-brother (John Langdon Bonython (1905–1992)), two half-sisters (Lady Betty Wilson and Ada Heath), a brother (Charles Warren Bonython) and a sister (Katherine Verco).
He attended St Peter's College, Adelaide, and upon completion entered into accountancy on the recommendation of his older half-brother John. The Second World War interrupted this: in 1940 he began training as a pilot for the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). Bonython served in the (then) Netherlands East Indies and New Guinea, experiencing several "death defying" near misses. He was in hospital in Darwin (with dengue fever) during the 1942 bombing - he had just evacuated and taken cover when the ward he had been in took a direct hit. During his time with the RAAF, Bonython filled the roles of aircraft captain in 1941, and chief flying instructor with the rank of squadron leader in 1943. On 1 September 1944, Flight Lieutenant Bonython (Aus.280778) was awarded the Air Force Cross (AFC), and on 22 February 1946, Squadron Leader Bonython AFC was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC)
When he returned from service he chose not to return to accounting, deciding on a very different career path. Initially he took up dairy farming on his father's Mount Pleasant property, where he introduced artificial breeding of cattle into Australia. In the 1950s his career changed to incorporate music, the arts, and motor racing.
As a child Kym Bonython developed a passion for jazz, and this influenced a number of his later pursuits. At the age of 17, in 1937, he entered the media with an ABC radio jazz show. The show continued for 38 years, finishing in 1975. His involvement in the jazz scene also extended to making and selling music; in 1952 he became a member of a jazz band as drummer – a skill he had learned as a child – and he opened his first record store in Bowman's Arcade on King William Street in 1954. His passion for music also led him to create his own concert promotion company, Aztec Services, in the 1950s, and as a promoter he brought to Adelaide some of the greats of jazz, including Dizzy Gillespie, Count Basie, Dave Brubeck, Duke Ellington and Louis Armstrong. Later, at the urging of his children, he expanded his range to rock and roll, bringing the likes of Chuck Berry to Adelaide, and he was one of the key people responsible for negotiating the addition of Adelaide to The Beatles Australian tour 1964.
Along with music, Kym Bonython had a passion for art, and he began his collection in 1945. In 1961 he opened his first gallery, the Bonython Art Gallery in North Adelaide, (which later became the Bonython Meadmore gallery). His first major exhibition was British Art of the 60s, where he exhibited the first painting of Francis Bacon shown in Australia. He subsequently moved to Sydney to open the Hungry Horse Gallery in Paddington in 1966. His time with his Sydney gallery ended in 1976, and he returned to Adelaide to buy back his original gallery, operating it until 1983. From 1988 Bonython managed a Sydney gallery once more, managing the BMG Fine Art for a short time. Kym Bonython's eye for contemporary art saw his galleries promote many Australian and international artists, including Sidney Nolan, Pro Hart and William Dobell, and he is widely acknowledged to have discovered and fostered the work of Brett Whiteley. Along with the art galleries and his personal collection (much of which was destroyed when the Ash Wednesday bushfires of 1983 engulfed his Mount Lofty property, "Eurilla"), Bonython authored and published a number of art books.
Kym Bonython gained a reputation as a daredevil partially through another of his interests: motor racing. He raced Speedcars at the Rowley Park Speedway at Bowden, which he also owned the lease on and successfully promoted from 1954 to 1973. Bonython had some major crashes in Speedcars but also some success, winning the South Australian Championship in 1959/60. He didn't just compete at his own track. Bonython competed at venues such as the Sydney Showground Speedway, Claremont Speedway in Perth and the Brisbane Exhibition Ground (Ekka). At one stage he was the national hydroplane champion. His life in motor sports led to many accidents, the most serious being in 1956 when, racing to defend his Australian hydroplane title at Snowdens Beach, his boat crashed; the injuries that resulted led to Bonython spending the next 14 months on crutches. Amongst his achievements in motor sports was his work to bring Formula 1 to Adelaide in 1985, in which he has been described as a "catalyst" for the event. His time in motor sports earned him the title of "the man with 99 lives" and, from Max Harris regarding Rowley Park, the "Cecil B. De Mille of Bowden". In 2007, he was one of 10 inaugural inductees into the Australian Speedway Hall of Fame.
Bonython was also active in public life. He served on the Adelaide City Council, as had both his father and grandfather before him, and he was the chairman of the South Australian Jubilee 150 Board. Other boards of which he was a member included the Adelaide Festival of Arts, Musica Viva Australia and the Australia Council. Bonython was also one of Australia's leading monarchists, chairing the No Republic committee and serving as one of South Australia's delegates to the 1998 Constitutional Convention. Other causes to receive his active support included euthanasia and compulsory national service.
In 1979 he wrote an autobiography: "Ladies' Legs and Lemonade", Kym Bonython, Adelaide: Rigby, 1979.
Kym was married twice and had five children: Chris and Robyn from the first marriage, Tim, Michael and Nicole from the second. On his return from Milne Bay after the war he married Jean Adore Paine - they divorced in 1953. In 1957, while still on cruthes from his accident at Snowden's beach, he married former Miss South Australia Julianna McClure (Julie).
He died on 19 March 2011 at his home in North Adelaide, aged 90. He died during the running of the Clipsal 500 while an F-18 flew overhead, reflecting both his love of motor sports and his time as an RAAF pilot.
He was survived by his wife, Julie, his five children, 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren.
Bonython was given a State Funeral, held on 29 March 2011 at the St Peter's Cathedral. It was attended by many of the friends he made in speedway, including former long time Rowley Park track manager Alan Marks, Australian Sidecar champions Rick Munro and Len Bowes, Speedway City promoter Wendy Turner, Gillman Speedway promoter David Parker, flagman extraordinaire Glen Dix, and 15 time World Champion Ivan Mauger who got his first start in Australia in 1960 when Bonython signed the young Christchurch native to ride at Rowley Park.
Honours and awards.
On 1 September 1944 he was awarded the Air Force Cross. On 22 February 1946 he was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross.
In the Queen's Birthday Honours of June 1981, he was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO), in recognition of service to the arts. (Both his brothers had also been given this honour the previous year.) In the Australia Day Honours of 26 January 1987, he was appointed Companion of the Order of Australia (AC), Australia's highest civilian honour, "in recognition of service to the community, particularly as Chairman of the SA Jubilee 150 Board".
He was also appointed a Knight of the Venerable Order of Saint John (KStJ), and awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of the University by the University of Adelaide (DUniv) in recognition of his outstanding service to the arts and the community.
Other honours included a Lifetime Achievement Award by the Adelaide Critics Circle in 2007, and the Kym Bonython Fellowship, which provides support to up and coming visual artists and was named in his honour, and was first awarded by the Adelaide Festival Centre in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20293470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293470" title="Dewal Dibyapur">
Dewal Dibyapur

Dewal Dibyapur is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5258 people living in 939 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293477" title="Akihiro Sato (footballer)">
Akihiro Sato (footballer)

"This is about an article about a Japanese football player."
"For the Japanese Brazilian model-actor residing in the Philippines, see Akihiro Sato (model)."
Career statistics.
Last update: 4 April 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20293482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293482" title="Dhatal">
Dhatal

Dhatal is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3571 people living in 612 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293488" title="Ganeshpur, Mahakali">
Ganeshpur, Mahakali

Ganeshpur is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3412 people living in 649 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293489" title="National symbols of Uzbekistan">
National symbols of Uzbekistan

The national symbols of Uzbekistan are defined in Article 5 of the Constitution of Uzbekistan. They consist of the Flag, the Coat of Arms, and the National Anthem.
National anthem.
The National Anthem (English translation)

</doc>
<doc id="20293495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293495" title="Gankhet">
Gankhet

Gankhet is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3680 people living in 600 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293497" title="1969 Major League Baseball All-Star Game">
1969 Major League Baseball All-Star Game

The 1969 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was the 40th midseason exhibition between the all-stars of the American League (AL) and the National League (NL), the two leagues comprising Major League Baseball. The game was played on Wednesday, July 23, 1969 at RFK Memorial Stadium in Washington, D.C. The game resulted in a 9–3 victory for the NL. Steve Carlton was the winning pitcher while Mel Stottlemyre was the losing pitcher.
The game was originally scheduled for the evening of Tuesday, July 22, but heavy rains forced its postponement to the following afternoon. The 1969 contest remains the last All-Star Game to date to be played earlier than prime time in the Eastern United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20293499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293499" title="Stefan Kapłaniak">
Stefan Kapłaniak

Stefan Kapłaniak (born April 10, 1933 in Szczawnica) was a Polish sprint canoer who competed from the late 1950s to the mid-1960s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the K-2 1000 m event at Rome in 1960.
Kapłaniak also won two gold medals at the 1958 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Prague, earning them in the K-1 500 m and K-2 500 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="20293507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293507" title="Jogbuda">
Jogbuda

Jogbuda is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 13,521 people living in 2191 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293513" title="Kailapalmandau">
Kailapalmandau

Kailapalmandau is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3344 people living in 694 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293519" title="Khalanga, Dadeldhura">
Khalanga, Dadeldhura

Khalanga is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3253 people living in 700 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293523" title="Władysław Zieliński">
Władysław Zieliński

Władysław Zieliński (born July 24, 1935 in Warsaw) was a Polish sprint canoer who competed in the 1960s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the K-2 1000 m event at Rome in 1960.
Zieliński also won a gold in the K-2 500 m event at the 1958 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="20293527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293527" title="Koteli">
Koteli

Koteli is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3301 people living in 605 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293536" title="Manilek">
Manilek

Manilek is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3248 people living in 629 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293539" title="Merchant Marine Act of 1916 (Alexander Act)">
Merchant Marine Act of 1916 (Alexander Act)

The Merchant Marine Act of 1916 (also known as the Alexander Act) was passed by the US Congress in 1916 to create the US Shipping Board. The bill was sponsored by Representative Joshua W. Alexander (D) of Missouri, who was Chairman of the House Merchant Marine Committee. The act signified the birth of the modern American merchant marine.
Purpose.
The purpose of the US Shipping Board was to develop water transportation, operate the merchant ships owned by the government, and regulate the water carriers engaged in commerce under the flag of the United States as well as to enforce the La Follette Seamen's Act regulations. The Board consisted of 5 members and was empowered to 
Passage and amendment.
The dispersing of the $50 million was to be overseen by the Emergency Fleet Corporation (EFC). Senate Democrats managed to get the bill amended prior to passage that forbade the U.S. from purchasing ships from belligerent powers, "tremendously emasculating" the act according to Secretary of the Treasury William Gibbs McAdoo. Despite such criticism by hardliners, the act signified the birth of the modern American merchant marine.
US Shipping Board.
During the war, the Board was headed by Edward N. Hurley while the EFC passed to the direction of Bethlehem Steel magnate Charles Schwab. The bill also stipulated that the shipping lines owned and operated by the Shipping Board should go out of business 5 years after the end of the European War and that all the Board's property, except vessels designed primarily as naval auxiliaries, should be sold. Many of the ships commissioned during the war were never fully completed, and many of the ships that were completed were either destroyed or auctioned off in the early 1920s. As of June 18, 1984, the duties of the US Shipping Board were reduced and currently apply only to domestic offshore ocean transport.

</doc>
<doc id="20293540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293540" title="Mashtamandau">
Mashtamandau

Mashtamandau is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2844 people living in 525 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293543" title="Nawadurga">
Nawadurga

Nawadurga is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2639 people living in 484 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293544" title="Phyllonorycter maestingella">
Phyllonorycter maestingella

Phyllonorycter maestingella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 7–9 mm. The moth flies in May and June and again in August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Beech.

</doc>
<doc id="20293547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293547" title="Rupal, Nepal">
Rupal, Nepal

Rupal is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4531 people living in 779 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293549" title="Gunnar Utterberg">
Gunnar Utterberg

Gunnar Utterberg (born November 28, 1942) was a Swedish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1950s and early 1960s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won a gold medal in the K-2 1000 m event at Tokyo in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20293550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293550" title="Kenta Uchida">
Kenta Uchida


</doc>
<doc id="20293557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293557" title="Sahastralinga">
Sahastralinga

Sahastralinga is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3412 people living in 657 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293563" title="Samejee">
Samejee

Samaijee is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. It is named after the name of god Samaijee (one of the form of lord Shiva). It is divided into 9 wards.
Ward no: 1 Pali
Ward no: 2 Bakayal
Ward no: 3 Bajkot
Ward no: 4 Khateda
Ward no: 5 Mudrad
Ward no: 6 Silangi
Ward no: 7 Baida
Ward no: 8 Mahar Gaun
Ward no: 9 koteli
The headquarters is located at a small town named Puilek. It is around 14 km from the district headquarters. The major destination of this V.D.C. includes the natural beauties and some temples. Some famous temples are Kola Samaijee, Pali Samaijee, Shikhar Samaijee etc. There are 2 higher secondary schools in the V.D.C. And a graveled road has made it possible to touch the district headquarters. The facilities like water, sanitation, telephone and electricity are accessible to the locals but they are still lacking proper education, hospital and even transportation at the need. One has to walk 14 km to reach the nearest hospital, bank and for all other basic things. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2184 people living in 382 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293566" title="Jalan Mahang-Selama">
Jalan Mahang-Selama

Jalan Mahang-Selama, Federal Route (Formerly Kedah state route ) is a federal road in Kedah, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 170 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20293568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293568" title="Graham Law">
Graham Law

Graham Law is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a , or .
Genealogical Information.
Graham Law is the brother of Northampton Saints rugby union, and Sheffield Eagles, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats rugby league footballer, Neil Law.

</doc>
<doc id="20293571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293571" title="Sirsha, Nepal">
Sirsha, Nepal

Sirsha is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7878 people living in 1269 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20293578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293578" title="Robyn North">
Robyn North

Robyn North (born 16 September 1983) is a soprano English musical theatre actress. She trained at the Sandy Gray School of Dancing, and the London Studio Centre on full scholarship.
Career.
North received a 2008 Whatsonstage.com Theatregoers Choice Award nomination for Best Takeover in a Role, for her portrayal of Christine Daaé in "The Phantom of the Opera". Her long association with the show began for her at the age of 19 when she understudied and played the role on numerous occasions. She later took over as Alternate Christine, and in 2007 she finally returned to the show to take over the role in her own right.
Her other theatre credits include Miss Dorothy in "Thoroughly Modern Millie" in the first national tour in which she also understudied the title role of Millie, opposite Lesley Joseph and the national tour of "Scrooge" in the lead role of Isabel/Helen opposite Shane Richie for Bill Kenwright Ltd. More recently she appeared and the original cast of Andrew Lloyd Webber's revival of "Evita" directed by Michael Grandage at the Adelphi Theatre, appearing on the original cast recording.
In 2010-2011, she toured in the play "Master Class" with Stephanie Beacham for Theatre Royal Bath Productions directed by Jonathan Church, in which she played Sophie de Palma. In 2012, she starred as Nellie Collins in "Floyd Collins" by Adam Guettel at the Southwark Playhouse.
North recorded her debut album "Make Believe" at Abbey Road Studios which was released on Jay Records in October 2008. Her screen credits include Kate in "Hustle" for BBC and the "Les Misérables" film.
Stage credits.
Musicals.
2008 Whatsonstage.com Theatregoers Choice Nomination - Best Takeover in a Role

</doc>
<doc id="20293588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293588" title="Neil Law">
Neil Law

Neil Law (born ) is a rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing club level rugby union (RU) for Northampton Saints and Otley, and playing club level rugby league (RL) for Sheffield Eagles, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats and York City Knights as a , or .
Genealogical Information.
Neil Law is the brother of Wakefield Trinity Wildcats rugby league footballer, Graham Law.

</doc>
<doc id="20293592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293592" title="Antonius Geurts">
Antonius Geurts

Antonius "Toon" Geurts (born February 29, 1932, Veldhoven) was a Dutch sprint canoer who competed in the 1960s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the K-2 1000 m event at Tokyo in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20293594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293594" title="Amargadhi">
Amargadhi

Amargadhi is the municipal center of Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. The district capital of Dadeldhura is located within it. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 18,390.
Media.
To Promote local culture Amargadhi has three Community radio Stations. They are Radio Amargadhi - 97.4 MHz, Radio Sudur Awaz - 95 MHz and Radio Aafno 104.8 MHZ. 

</doc>
<doc id="20293596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293596" title="Rudolf Dulon">
Rudolf Dulon

Christoph Joseph Rudolf Dulon (April 30, 1807 – April 13, 1870) was a pastor of the Reformed Church (Calvinist) and a socialist agitator in Bremen; later he was an educator in the United States.
Life in Germany.
Dulon was descended from a Huguenot family. After completing his time in the gymnasium, and philosophical and theological studies at the University of Halle, he was ordained in Magdeburg in 1836. He accepted pastorates at Flossau, near Osterberg. Even at this time, he put himself in opposition to Church authorities, but in so mild a way that they could be lenient. In 1843, Dulon left the Prussian state Evangelical Church to become pastor for a German Reformed congregation in Magdeburg.
His work as an agitator dates from this time. He worked together with the so-called Friends of the Light and the "Free Congregations," though without adopting their dogmas. What attracted him to them was their common fight against the validity of the articles of faith in the Reformed Church and the Catholicizing tendencies in the uniting Evangelical Church. He was reprimanded, but this only seemed to encourage him. 
In 1848, a vote apparently excluded him from Bremen's Church of Our Lady ("Liebfrauenkirche"), where he had been preaching, but a majority of the congregation overturned the decision and installed him as pastor; and the Senate of Bremen, the city-state government and highest authority in the Bremen state church, initimidated by the upheavals of the time, dispensed with many of the initiation requirements only insisting on adherence to "the word of God." In undertaking his examination, Dulon explained that the Bible and God's word were for him two very different things. In November 1849 he protected the leftist Arnold Ruge, granting him church asylum from an impending arrestation, and organised a further hiding place at Hermann Allmers's, before finding refuge in Brighton. 
Followers streamed to him from all quarters and levels of society, and he moved to the front of the democratic movement. Democracy and revolution were to him the true Christianity. His sermons were characterized by their socialist content. He was strenuously opposed to the illiberal measures of the Friedrich Eichhorn, Prussian minister of cult and education. In 1850 he established the Bremen "Tages-Chronik" (Daily Chronicle), a social-democratic sheet - with Ruge contributing from abroad -, and "Der Wecker. Ein Sonntagsblatt zur Beförderung des religiösen Lebens" (The Alarmist. A Sunday paper for promoting the religious life), a religious weekly.
His string of victories became his fate. In 1851, his newspaper was forbidden in Prussia. The senate drew courage from the changing tenor of the times. In 1852, an intervention in Bremen was resolved upon by the German Confederation, and 10,000 troops stood on the outskirts of town. Dulon's days were numbered. Even in 1851, members of the Friends of the Light had complained to the senate, accusing him of denying essential articles of faith, mocking the gospel and open hostility to Christianity. The senate had referred the charges to theologians (Daniel Schenkel, Friedrich Wilhelm Carl Umbreit, and others) in Heidelberg who had confirmed the senate (though some thought deposing pastors was outside its jurisdiction) and declared Dulon unworthy of spiritual office in the Bremen Reformed state Church. Dulon was suspended, then dismissed and sentenced to six months in jail. He fled to Heligoland, which belonged to the United Kingdom at that time.
Life in the United States.
In 1853 he emigrated with his numerous family to the United States, where he supported himself by lecturing and teaching young people. He became the pastor of an independent congregation in New York City, and at the same time issued a series of “Sabbath Leaves” in the interests of free religion. He started the first German-American school in the United States. In 1855, he bought the Feldner School in New York City, and later, from 1866 until his death, directed the "Realschule" in Rochester, New York. Future Civil War general Franz Sigel, a Badensian, taught in Dr. Dulon's New York schools, and subsequently married one of his daughters. At the end of his life, Dulon published a book, "The German School in America".
In the history of the Evangelical Church, there has hardly been another, except possibly Thomas Münzer, who has put religion in the service of revolutionary socialism so much as Rudolf Dulon.

</doc>
<doc id="20293599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293599" title="Riding Rockets">
Riding Rockets

Riding Rockets: The Outrageous Tales of a Space Shuttle Astronaut is a 2006 book by retired astronaut Richard "Mike" Mullane. The book describes Mullane's experiences in the NASA astronaut corps from 1978 to 1990, including his flights on the Space Shuttle and his personal relationships with other astronauts, including Judy Resnik, who perished in the "Challenger" accident. The book gives a critical glimpse into the culture of NASA and the astronaut corps.

</doc>
<doc id="20293606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293606" title="Intravaginal ejaculation latency time">
Intravaginal ejaculation latency time

Intravaginal ejaculation latency time (IELT) is the time taken by a man to ejaculate during vaginal penetration. IELT varies not only from man to man, but from one time to the next for the same man and tends to decrease with age.
Some medications such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) have an impact on IELT. IELT is one factor used to diagnose and treat conditions such as premature ejaculation. IELT may be relevant in perceptions of sexual performance and actual satisfaction, which may also be dependent on many other factors.
Studies.
Researchers have made conflicting discoveries about IELT. In a multinational study, the authors studied 491 men in the Netherlands, Spain, Turkey, UK, and US. The men were in stable heterosexual relationships. Over a four-week period, couples recorded IELT data using a stopwatch and noted condom use. Median IELT was independent of condom use. Median IELT decreased with age (18–30: 6.5 minutes, 31–50: 5.4 minutes, above 51: 4.3 minutes). Median IELT for all participants was 5.4 minutes. Median IELT varied significantly by individual with 14% of men under 3:20 and 26% of men over 10:00. Potential problems include total sample size, small sample size per country, too few observations for each participant, and psychological effects of using a stopwatch.
In 1991, scholars from the Kinsey Institute stated, "The truth is that the time between penetration and ejaculation varies not only from man to man, but from one time to the next for the same man." They added that the appropriate length for sexual intercourse is the length of time it takes for both partners to be mutually satisfied, emphasizing that Kinsey "found that 75 percent of men ejaculated within two minutes of penetration at least half of the time." In their book "Human Sexual Response", Masters and Johnson published a variety of findings on sexual response and satisfaction based on direct observation and medical exams. Sexual satisfaction is independent of how long intercourse lasts. A man's response time varies with a woman's menstrual cycle; shorter IELTs occur nearest to ovulation. Both partners' sexual experience also affects latency time.
A 2008 survey of Canadian and American sex therapists stated that the average time for heterosexual intercourse (coitus) was 7 minutes and that 1 to 2 minutes was too short, 3 to 7 minutes was adequate and 7 to 13 minutes desirable, while 10 to 30 minutes was too long.
Impact of substances.
Numerous chemical substances influence IELT. Some increase IELT by depressing the central nervous system, such as alcohol and opiates (e.g.: heroine, oxycodone, morphine). Other substances act in different ways. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) delay ejaculation by blocking a physiological process connected to the male point of no return (ejaculatory inevitability). For that reason, SSRIs can be prescribed to treat premature ejaculation.

</doc>
<doc id="20293622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293622" title="Martin Pearson">
Martin Pearson

Martin 'Pee Wee' Pearson (born ) is a professional rugby league and rugby union footballer of the 1990s and 2000s playing representative level rugby league (RL) for Wales, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Halifax (twice), Sheffield Eagles, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a , , or , and playing club level rugby union (RU) for Section Paloise (Pau RUFC).
Playing career.
International honours.
Martin Pearson won caps for Wales (RL) while at Sheffield Eagles, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats 1996(1998?)…2001 3(4, 5?)-caps + 1-cap (sub) 2-tries 2-goals 12-points.
Division Two Premiership Final Appearances.
Martin Pearson played and scored four conversions in Featherstone Rovers' 20-16 victory over Workington Town in the 1992–93 Division Two Premiership final at Old Trafford, Manchester on Wednesday 19 May 1993.
Career Records.
Martin Pearson still holds Featherstone Rovers All Time Record 'The Most Points In A Season', with 391 in the 1992-93 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20293627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293627" title="Paulus Hoekstra">
Paulus Hoekstra

Paulus "Paul" Hoekstra (born 30 December 1944, Enschede) was a Dutch-born, Belgian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1960s to the mid-1970s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the K-2 1000 m event at Tokyo in 1964.
Paul Hoekstra was also a guy who was born in Deventer, Holland in 21 08 1998.
Hoekstra also won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver (K-2 500 m: 1971 for Belgium) and a bronze (K-1 500 m: 1966 for the Netherlands).

</doc>
<doc id="20293649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293649" title="2009 in LGBT rights">
2009 in LGBT rights

This is a list of notable events in the history of LGBT rights that took place in the year 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20293659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293659" title="Maryvale railway line">
Maryvale railway line

The Maryvale railway line was a branch railway in the Southern Downs region of Queensland, Australia.
Maryvale Estate to the north east of Warwick was purchased by the government and subdivided into farms. A branch line to service the region was approved in 1908. Opened on 30 September 1911, the line branched from the Southern Line Southern main line at Killarney Junction (now named Mill Hill) and stretched about 30 kilometres to Maryvale via Womina, Sladevale, Campbell’s Plains, Freestone, Clintonvale and Gladfield.
The line was intended to be part of a "via recta" (Latin, "straight route") from Brisbane to Sydney. Prior to the completion of the New South Wales Government Railways North Coast Line in 1932, the only rail link from Brisbane to Sydney was via the break-of-gauge at Wallangarra on the state border, where the two states' railway systems met. The route from Brisbane to Wallangarra went west from Brisbane to Toowoomba then south to Wallangarra. The "via recta" was a putative short-cut south-west from Ipswich to Warwick, which would have shortened the distance from Brisbane to Sydney by between 92 km and 95 km.
The "via recta" would have consisted of the Maryvale branch from Warwick, the Mount Edwards branch from Ipswich, through Spicers Gap (just south of Cunninghams Gap) through the Great Dividing Range. The "Warwick Argus" reported that the citizens of Toowoomba were unhappy at the prospect of the "via recta" being built, as interstate traffic would bypass their town.
Trial surveys for the "via recta" line began as early as 1880, and the first sod on the Maryvale line was turned on 18 March 1910 by Premier of Queensland William Kidston. However, once the standard gauge line from NSW was extended north to South Brisbane in 1930, the rationale for the "via recta" disappeared and the project was abandoned. 
A daily mixed train began on the line and was later reduced to a thrice-weekly service. A rail motor service began in 1930 and linked with the Sydney Mail at Warwick. A 1932 timetable showed five rail motors and one mixed train per week running in each direction on the Maryvale line, with extra goods services during the wheat season. 
The line closed on 1 November 1960 after the Cunningham Highway was upgraded through Cunninghams Gap due to the increasing popularity of road transport.
References.
"Triumph of Narrow Gauge: A History of Queensland Railways" by John Kerr 1990 & 1998 Boolarong Press, Brisbane

</doc>
<doc id="20293660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293660" title="River and Harbors Act of 1916">
River and Harbors Act of 1916

In United States federal legislation the Rivers and Harbors Act of 1916 provided Federal money for the maintenance and improvements of specified rivers and harbors across the USA. 
This act in particular aided the Cape Fear River in North Carolina and the Mississippi River in Arkansas. Most importantly, however, it authorized the scraping of a shipping channel in the St. Clair River on the border of Michigan and Ontario, Canada, as well as including a provision to build a speed bump protruding several feet above the river bottom to slow the river’s overall outflow. Since the St. Clair River formed the major northern part of the Great Lakes Waterway with Lake St. Clair and the Detroit River in the south, with its mouth forming the largest river delta in North America, the project was intended to be of great importance, both in terms of prestige and in improving overall trade with Canada. The Welland Canal between Lake Ontario and Lake Erie, which allowed shipping traffic to bypass Niagara Falls, had been under construction since 1913, and the St. Clair project was seen as complementary to better connect Lake Erie with Lake Huron. While the foundation was laid, the project itself was never completed.

</doc>
<doc id="20293666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293666" title="Socialist Left">
Socialist Left

Socialist Left might refer to:
Socialist Left might also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20293685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293685" title="Gary Price (rugby league)">
Gary Price (rugby league)

Gary H. Price is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s, and coach of the 2000s, playing at representative level for Great Britain, and at club level for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats (twice), South Sydney Rabbitohs, Featherstone Rovers, and York, as a , or , i.e. number 2 or 5, 3 or 4, 11 or 12, 13, and coaching at club level for Featherstone Rovers.
Playing career.
International honours.
Gary Price won a cap for Great Britain while at Wakefield Trinity in 1991 against Papua New Guinea (sub).
County Cup Final Appearances.
Gary Price played Left-, i.e. number 11 and scored a try in Wakefield Trinity's 29–16 victory over Sheffield Eagles in the 1992 Yorkshire Cup final at Elland Road, Leeds on Sunday 18 October 1992.
Division Two Premiership Final Appearances.
Gary Price played Left-, i.e. number 11, in Featherstone Rovers' 20–16 victory over Workington Town in the 1992–93 Division Two Premiership final at Old Trafford, Manchester on 19 May 1993.
First Division Grand Final Appearances.
Gary Price played Left-, i.e. number 11 in Featherstone Rovers's 22–24 defeat to Wakefield Trinity in the 1998 First Division Grand Final at McAlpine Stadium, Huddersfield on 26 September 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20293686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293686" title="Malacosoma alpicolum">
Malacosoma alpicolum

Malacosoma alpicolum (also, M. alpicola) is a moth of the family Lasiocampidae, the snout moths. It is native to the southern and central Alps.
The wingspan is 18–34 mm. The moth flies from July to August.
The larvae feed on various plants, including roses, common blackberry, "Alchemilla alpina", "Potentilla aurea", "Filipendula ulmaria", and "Euphorbia cyparissias".

</doc>
<doc id="20293690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293690" title="Heinz Büker">
Heinz Büker

Heinz Büker (born July 6, 1941) was a West German sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1960s. He won a bronze medal in the K-2 1000 m event at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo for the Unified Team of Germany.
Büker also won two medals for West Germany in the K-2 500 m at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver in 1966 and a bronze in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20293710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293710" title="Grain Standards Act of 1916">
Grain Standards Act of 1916

It required official certification that export grain sold by grade had been inspected and weighed. It also provided for the establishment of official U.S. grain standards that were used to measure and describe the physical and biological properties of the grain at the time of inspection. It was the culmination of 25 years of investigation, public hearings, and debate. The rapid expansion of the U.S. grain industry created a need for a uniform system of grading in order to better facilitate trade. Independent attempts by local Chambers of Commerce, boards of trade, and major grain corporations to develop standards had resulted in inequalities among markets, emphasizing the need for Federal legislation to reduce the confusion and corruption that characterized the trade. As a result, the Department of Agriculture over time had established laboratory tests and conducted numerous interviews and hearings to identify the most urgent needs of the grain industry. The information became the basis for the legislation that was finally adopted. In Dec. 1914 and Jan. 1915, the House Agriculture Committee tossed around an early version of the bill called the “Moss Grain Grades Bill” sponsored by Rep. Hunter H. Moss Jr. (D) of West Virginia, but did not act on it because of exporting companies’ pressure. The political situation had changed, however, as the election of 1916 approached.

</doc>
<doc id="20293737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293737" title="Holger Zander">
Holger Zander

Holger Zander (born May 24, 1943) was a West German-German sprint canoer who competed in the 1960s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two medals at Tokyo in 1964 with a silver in the K-4 1000 m and a bronze in the K-2 1000 m.
Zander also won two medals for West Germany in the K-2 500 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver in 1966 and a bronze in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20293758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293758" title="Llera, Badajoz">
Llera, Badajoz

Llera is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, an autonomous community of western Spain. Llera has a population of 953 (2007) and an area of 71.5 km².
Geography:
The Spanish municipality of Llera is geographically located in the southern province of Badajoz, on the southern slope of the Sierra de Hornachos, forming a transition area between the Tierra de Barros, Sierra Morena and La Serena. 
Llera belongs to the judicial district of Llerena and the village is situated at 38°27′N, 6°00′W longitude and an altitude of 481 m. It is located 105 km from the capital. 
Llera was established at the time of the Visigoths (600 years), by a population from Hornachos, under the Cerro de la Virgen, in an area called Jarandilla, at the time due to its abundance of rock roses. In the sixteenth century documents still referred to this enclave as Hornachos Llera. 
The People's University of Llera was born as a cultural development project aimed at promoting social participation and continuing education for all groups, to improve the quality of life. Their objectives include: facilitating the development the educated citizen, social and cultural development, facilitating the integration of all groups in their social environment, encouraging citizen participation, eliminating inequalities and discrimination that exist in different social environments.

</doc>
<doc id="20293769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293769" title="Liwang">
Liwang

Liwang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20293778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293778" title="Jimmie Massie">
Jimmie Massie

James P. "Jimmie" Massie III (born May 3, 1958, in Norfolk, Virginia) is an American politician of the Republican Party. Since 2008 he has been a member of the Virginia House of Delegates. He represents the 72nd district in Henrico County.

</doc>
<doc id="20293786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293786" title="Phulbari, Nepal">
Phulbari, Nepal

Phulbari, Nepal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20293803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293803" title="Drepana curvatula">
Drepana curvatula

The Dusky Hook-tip ("Drepana curvatula") is a moth of the family Drepanidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 34–42 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Alder, Oak and Birch.

</doc>
<doc id="20293828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293828" title="Maghound">
Maghound

Maghound was an Internet-based magazine membership service developed by Time Inc and branded as "the magazine lover's best friend." It was launched in 2008 to counter a decline in magazine sales at United States newsstands. The service was discontinued by Time Inc. on April 30, 2012.
Service details.
The website allowed users to order magazines of their choice; users could change which magazines they receive at any time, unlike conventional subscriptions. The membership service provided members the ability to manage their household's magazines from one online account. However, people who subscribed to magazines using Maghound did not receive premium content which publishers reserve for full subscribers, because sales to Maghound customers were reported as single-copy sales. Publishers received the addresses of Maghound users who buy their magazines, but they were not able to advertise to these customers.
Membership pricing was tiered - three magazines for $4.95 a month, five titles for $7.95, seven titles for $9.95, and $1.00 additional per title for eight titles or more. Approximately 10 percent of magazine titles available through this service included a small premium fee. Membership was available in the U.S. only.
On February 2, 2012, Time Inc. announced that Maghound will cease operations on April 30, 2012.
Industry involvement.
Maghound Enterprises., Inc., is a wholly owned subsidiary of Time Inc. and is headquartered at the Time-Life Building in New York City. The membership service was established in September 2008 and is currently operating in Beta mode. At the time of launch, MAGHOUND featured approximately 240 magazine titles from over 50 publishers, with plans to increase the list on an ongoing basis. It currently offers nearly 300 titles. In addition to all major Time Inc. brands, a partial list of participating publishers also includes: Rodale Press, Bonnier Group, Hearst Corporation, Hachette Filipacchi Médias, Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Meredith Corporation, and The Reader's Digest Association, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="20293839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293839" title="Csaba Giczy">
Csaba Giczy

Csaba Giczy (born August 5, 1945) was a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1960s to the late 1970s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two medals at Mexico City in 1968 with a silver in the K-2 1000 m and a bronze in the K-4 1000 m events.
Giczy also won eight medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1971, K-4 1000 m: 1973, K-4 10000 m: 1973), three silvers (K-4 10000 m: 1971, 1974, 1977), and two bronzes (K-4 1000 m: 1970, 1974).

</doc>
<doc id="20293841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20293841" title="Katarzyna Karasińska">
Katarzyna Karasińska

Katarzyna Karasińska (born 24 October 1982 in Wroclaw) is a world class Polish alpine skier. She achieved 5th place in the International Ski Federation's 2005 European Cup slalom event. She also competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics, ranking #30 in Women's slalom, and in the 2005 Alpine Skiing World Cup, ranking #41 in Women's Slalom.

</doc>
