<doc id="20285872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285872" title="The Isle of Octavia">
The Isle of Octavia

The Isle of Octavia is a series of books written by Christopher Lawson, each including a subtitle of its own, i.e. "The Isle of Octavia: Gross Darkness." They generally fall within the category of religious fantasy. Several themes are present, both secular and religious, such as redemption, promise, friendship, love, longsuffering and many others. The series takes place over seven books and tells the story of the land of Octavia and its neighbors. Several recurring characters are also present, including Ba'al, God, and other minor people who play major roles in the series. As of date, only the sixth book "Gross Darkness" has been published, however, a summary is available for all within this article.
The Isle of Octavia: Beginnings.
This is the first book of the series and introduces the reader to the mythical land of Octavia. It is presented as a representation of the Garden of Eden, a paradise created by God for the multitudes He created. He also fashioned an island for a tribe of dragons, known as Dragoni Vista. As expressed in the book, a high ranking seraphim, Ba'al, was expelled from Heaven to a deserted land in the middle of the world due to his pride and greed. Along with him were several other angelic beings who had experienced the same fate. Due to a misunderstanding, a group of people leave Octavia, breaking the one commandment given by Pulsar, a representative of God. They mistake Ba'al, who is going by the alias of Lucius, as their god and bring him back to Octavia. This action causes evil to enter the world and Ba'al attempts to deceive the people into worshipping him. A small group of people, led by Thad, establish a kingdom in the mountains to serve as a counterweight to the evil that has gripped the land. Thad is sent on a journey to retrieve the Ancient, a sword crafted by the hands of God, as well as a set of armor. It is also during this time that the two giants Visogoth and Hollingworth, are created and placed in slumber within the ground of Octavia. The followers of Ba'al build him a grand palace known as Pandemonium and they also construct The Tower of Babel, a focal point in the series. In the end, Thad is unable to kill Ba'al but due to the intervention of Pulsar and the system established, he is able to seal him in an abyss for a season.
The Isle of Octavia: Mya Book I.
The second book of the series takes place roughly eight hundred to a thousand years after the events of the first book. It concerns itself with the birth of a child named Mya and her reign of terror. Having had her soul subdued while in her mother's womb by Ba'al, she rises to become the epitome of evil. The evil king, Moona, seeks her out as a child in order to fulfil his dark ambitions. She proves to be too unstable for him and he summons Mariam, a high ranking rogue official of the monastery, to seal Mya away. This is successful but a few years later Moona frees her to accomplish his of eternal life. She grants this and along with her army of monsters she conquers the kingdoms of Octavia in an effort to centralize her power. Eventually her plan is thwarted and she is sealed away but not without an ominious prophecy concerning her return.
The Isle of Octavia: Mya Book II.
The third book occurs three hundred years after the sealing of Mya. A young official of the court of the kingdom of Fiona is sent to the ancient kingdom of Mystia to investigate claims of Mya's return. While it is proven true, a more sinister plot involves the complete destruction of all the kingdoms of Octavia, to be carried out by Moona, who has by now assumed the name of Mystia. Aided by two mysterious siblings, the young official, named John, travels over the whole continent, and even into the underworld and the abyss that was Mya's kingdom, in an effort to find the Ancient. When the Ancient is plunged into Mya, Ba'al is forced out and Mya returns to a normal person. The book ends with snow falling and the hideous howl of Ba'al in the far distance.
The Isle of Octavia: Mya Book III.
The fourth book in the series takes place the next day after the third book ended. John and Mya are married and become king and queen of Octavia. The monstrosity known as Mystia's kingdom has been swallowed by an earthquake and a new castle is built for the royal couple. John realizes that nothing is safe so long as the wraith known as Ba'al is allowed to freely wander the earth. He begins his quest to find Ba'al, chasing him over the land of Octavia and realizing just how cursed the land has become. He lifts the curse from some places while he is yet unable to do so for others. Towards the end of the book, Ba'al appears in the kingdom and John is about to strike the sealing blow when Mya leaps on top of Ba'al in an effort to protect him. The Ancient pierces both Mya and Ba'al and the result is that the form of Ba'al is split into four equal parts scattered across the globe and Mya vanishes.
The Isle of Octavia: The Rise of Heroes.
The fifth book takes place five hundred years after the tragedy of Mya. Ica, king of Wellington, is the superpower in the east and Raymond, king of Barren, is the superpower in the west. Several years have passed since the four great evils roamed the earth. Due to a variety of circumstances, they are released once again and attempt to rule Octavia from a floating island. The two giants are awakened to battle and each perishes. Once the four evils are reunited, they combine and form a human-like squid creature which escapes into another land. After a frightful shipwreck and battle with evil imps, the heroes seal the evil away with their very life in the hopes it will never resurface.

</doc>
<doc id="20285895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285895" title="William J. Paugh House">
William J. Paugh House

The William J. Paugh House, also known as Rosewall, is a very pure example of a Carpenter Gothic - Gothic Revival house, one of a very few in Northern California. It is located in Jackson, California, in Amador County. It was built in the late 1850s by Charles L. Parish, artist, architect and builder.
According to Parish family lore, it was built to impress a school teacher that Charles was in love with, in order to persuade her to marry him. When his intended bride was tragically killed in a "runaway accident", he raffled the house off, charging one dollar a ticket. He called the raffle "The Charles L. Parish Gift and Musical Entertainment Raffle". He sold 8,650 tickets around the state in 1860 and 1861. Advertisements appeared in the Amador Ledger-Dispatch and the Sacramento Daily Union. 
The house was won in 1861 by Amador County's second Sheriff, Dr. William J. Paugh, who lived there until 1870, when he moved to San Francisco to practice medicine as a physician/surgeon. It was sold at that time to George Snowden Andrews, Jackson Wells Fargo agent from 1857 until 1875.
In 1884 the owner of the house, Superior Court judge George Moore, was shot and killed in the sitting room. A reward was offered by the governor of the state in hopes of apprehending the assassin. 
In 1918 Susan Hocking, who owned the house with her husband Tobias T. Hocking, died from the Spanish flu, the worst pandemic in human history. She is buried in the Jackson City cemetery. 
In 1940 the house was purchased by Walter and Margaret Voss. Walter died in 1958. Margaret, an educated and strong willed woman, lived there until her death in 2001 at 102 years of age, having lived in three centuries.
The house was purchased by Jerry and Jeanette Chaix in 2001 and completely restored during the years 2002-2006. It was placed on The National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
External links.
For a complete history of the house and its restoration see Paugh House website

</doc>
<doc id="20285910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285910" title="Holbrooke">
Holbrooke

Holbrooke can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20285935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285935" title="Franklin P. Hall">
Franklin P. Hall

Franklin P. "Frank" Hall (born December 13, 1937 in Amelia Courthouse, Virginia) is an American politician. A Democrat, he was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates 1976–2009, serving as minority leader 2002–07.
On March 28, 2009 Hall announced that he would retire from the House effective April 14. Governor Tim Kaine appointed him to the Virginia Alcoholic Beverage Control Board as of the same date.

</doc>
<doc id="20285936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285936" title="United States presidential election in Wyoming, 2008">
United States presidential election in Wyoming, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Wyoming took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Wyoming was won by Republican nominee John McCain by a 32.2% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. Polling in the state gave a hefty and large lead to Republican John McCain over Democrat Barack Obama. Because of Wyoming's status as a safe red state, none of the major party candidates campaigned in the state. Despite McCain's landslide victory, Obama did do significantly better than John Kerry in 2004 and even won one more county than Kerry.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
McCain won every single pre-election poll, and each by a double digit margin of victory. The final 3 polls average McCain leading with 58% to 35%.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $447,757 in the state. Barack Obama raised $723,033.
Advertising and visits.
Because Wyoming is a strong red state, not much advertising went into the state. Obama didn't spend anything while the Republican National Committee spent $2,518. Neither campaign visited the state.
Analysis.
Located in the Inner Mountain West, Wyoming is one of the most reliably Republican states in the nation—and by some measures, "the" most Republican and home to then Vice President Dick Cheney. Its demographics are a perfect fit for the Republican Party. It is the least populated state in the nation (even less than the District of Columbia), has no major metropolitan areas, and is a heavily rural and White/Caucasian state. Voters in the state tend to be very conservative on both social and fiscal issues. No Democratic presidential nominee has won Wyoming since Lyndon B. Johnson in his landslide election in 1964--one of only five times a Democrat has won the state since statehood. Democrats however, did hold the state's governorship all but eight years between 1975 and 2011. 
Republicans have several structural advantages in the state. Large chunks of Wyoming are located in out-of-state television markets—most notably Denver and Salt Lake City. This forces candidates to advertise in areas where most of their audience can't vote for them. Additionally, 60 percent of the state's registered voters are Republicans while only 25 percent are Democrats—one of the largest discrepancies in the nation. 
The 2008 election was no different. The state was called for McCain as soon as the polls closed, and gave McCain his Second largest margin of victory in 2008. McCain carried Laramie County, the most populous county that contains the state capital and largest city of Cheyenne, with 58.98 percent of the vote as well as every other county throughout the state often by more than two-to-one margins but two. Obama greatly improved upon Kerry's performance in Teton County, the most affluent county in Wyoming that includes the Jackson Hole prime ski resort and tourism attractions such as Yellowstone National Park and Grand Teton National Park, carrying the county with 60.67% of the vote. Obama also won Albany County, due in large part to the presence of the University of Wyoming at Laramie and the tremendous excitement that his campaign fueled among younger voters and college students. 
During the same election, incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Mike Enzi was reelected in a landslide victory over Democrat Chris Rothfuss, a professor of political science at the University of Wyoming. Enzi received 75.63% of the vote while Rothfuss took in 24.26%. For the state's other U.S. Senate seat's special election, incumbent Republican John Barrasso was also elected in a landslide with 73.35% of the vote over Democratic attorney Nick Carter of Gillette who received 26.53%. The state's sole seat in the United States House of Representatives was also up for grabs, with incumbent Republican U.S. Representative Barbara Cubin retiring. Former State Treasurer Cynthia Lummis, a Republican, defeated Democrat Gary Trauner and Libertarian W. David Herbert for the at-large seat. Lummis received 52.62% of the vote to Trauner's 42.81% and Herbert's 4.42%. Democrats did have success at the state level, however, as they picked up two seats in the Wyoming House of Representatives.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Due to the state's low population, only one congressional district is allocated. This district, called the At-Large district, because it covers the entire state, and thus is equivalent to the statewide election results.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Wyoming cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Wyoming is allocated 3 electors because it has 1 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 3 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 3 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 3 were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin:

</doc>
<doc id="20286009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286009" title="The Brides of March">
The Brides of March

The Brides of March is a memoir by American writer Beren deMotier.
Published in 2007, "The Brides of March", a narrative non-fiction tale of getting married, celebrated, constitutionally banned, and annulled in Oregon, is a brides’ eye view of a “giddy leap through a legal window, straight onto the barbecue pit of public debate.”
Author Beren deMotier tells it like it was Oregon Ballot Measure 36 (2004), and is, as California's Proposition 8 puts same-sex married couples in legal limbo.
Plot summary.
The Brides of March is a bride’s eye view of same-sex marriage at a moment’s notice, with a bevy of brides, their coterie of children, donuts, newspaper reporters, screaming protesters, mothers of the brides who never thought they’d see the day, white wedding cake, and a houseful of happy heterosexuals toasting the marriage! 
But that was only the beginning as these private declarations of love became public fodder, fueling social commentary, letters to the editor, and the fires of political debate, when all The Brides of March wanted was the opportunity to say, “I do,” in this candid, poignant and frequently funny tale of lesbian moms getting to the church on time in Multnomah County.
Reviews.
Just Out declared “deMotier delivers a same-sex memoir you could bring home to mother”.

</doc>
<doc id="20286014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286014" title="Faran Tangi">
Faran Tangi

Faran Tangi is a village and union council of Ziarat District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
It lies 10 km from Ziarat, off the main road to Quetta. A small waterfall formed by the mountain spring flows down, it is 2 km walk from the main road to the waterfall and is ideal place for a picnic.

</doc>
<doc id="20286015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286015" title="Jim Mitteager">
Jim Mitteager

James J. "Jim" Mitteager (17 July 1946 – 24 July 1997) was an American journalist who worked for several tabloid newspapers and covered numerous high-profile incidents.
Life and career.
Mitteager worked for the New York City Police Department before becoming a journalist. While working as a freelance writer for the "New York Post", Mitteager was acquitted in 1979 on charges that he had bribed a correction officer to obtain photographs and information about murderer David Berkowitz.
In 1989, Mitteager helped "The National Enquirer" scoop "People" in getting the first photo of Riley Keough, oldest grandchild of Elvis Presley and Priscilla Presley.
Mitteager served as Los Angeles bureau chief of tabloid "The Globe". Around the time of Mitteager's death, secret recordings of his conversations with celebrities and their representatives while at "The Globe" came to light. The press also reported on his relationship with investigator Anthony Pellicano. According to "Los Angeles" magazine, "Shortly before his death, he gave hundreds of tapes he had secretly recorded to Paul Barresi, an informant and sometime investigator for Pellicano." Nikki Finke reported on the remaining tapes, "When Mitteager died of lung cancer, the tapes were left to his wife, who then gave them to her husband’s favorite tipster, Paul Barressi "the adult film producer and occasional leg man for Pellicano." Conversations on a few tapes brought to light how Pellicano would approach celebrities and their representatives with tips from reporters, and then offer to have the stories killed in exchange for payment.

</doc>
<doc id="20286027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286027" title="Gerard Pappa">
Gerard Pappa

Gerard Pappa (also known as "Gerry" and "Pappa Bear" (c. June 19, 1944 Bensonhurst, Brooklyn - July, 1980 Borough Park, Brooklyn), was a former Colombo crime family associate and eventually a Genovese crime family soldier and known hitman who was widely feared for his violent tendencies, which directly contributed to his own murder in 1980.
Biography.
Gerard was 36 when he was murdered by rival members of the Colombo crime family. Gerard was known to the police and criminal associates as an ice-cold killer although he was known as "Pappa Bear" to his wife and mistresses because of the "teddy bear" nature he displayed when in their presence, or simply "Pap" to his criminal associates. He was the son of first generation emigrants from Rocca di Papa, Italy in Bensonhurst where Sammy Gravano, Anthony Casso and Frank DeCicco were all born and raised. Pappa had straight jet-black hair, steady blue-grey eyes, and a severe high cheekboned, triangle-shaped face. His last name "Pappa" in Italian stands for "Pope" because documents dating from the twelfth century state his parent's village as Rocca di Papa which stands for Castrum Rocce de Papa ("Rock Castle of the Pope"), because Pope Eugene III lived in their village. He is not to be mistaken as a relative of Sammy Gravano criminal associate Michael Papa, a white supremacist who helped Sammy Gravano in the 1990s distribute ecstasy from Arizona to New York City.
He was well known in the mob-infested neighborhoods of Brooklyn and Staten Island. He had been a member of the notorious street gang called the Rampers, which included Thomas Spero, Joe Vitale, Ralph Spero, James Emma and future Gambino crime family underboss Sammy Gravano. Among the ranks of the street gang he was considered a "Ramper senior". As a rising hoodlum in organized crime circles he committed armed robbery, burglary, car theft and extortion. He was a fierce street fighter and described as one of the "baddest bad asses" Brooklyn had ever produced along with his close childhood friend James Emma and Ralph Ronga. It is suspected that Gerard suffered from an antisocial personality disorder and multiple personality disorder with severe violent mood swings. He served under the crime family associate, Carmine Persico and Thomas DiBella before becoming a made man in the Genovese crime family.
Shootout with the Gallos.
He took an oath with the other Rampers, "... be together forever. Fuck the world. Fuck everybody, even the mob" and was said by Gravano to be full of "piss and vinegar." Later on, this would change but that was the attitude they held at that point in their lives. In the early 1960s, during the Profaci-Gallo civil war in the Colombo crime family had an encounter with Gerard, Sammy Gravano, James 'Jimmy' Emma, Joe Vitale, Tommy Snake and Lenny the Mole including a bunch of other gang members. They were hanging around in a bar at 79th Street and New Utrecht Avenue in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn. In the bar were several Gallo loyalists. They were a lot older than the Rampers and had an outstanding argument with member James Emma. They were heavily armed so Gerry and the others loaded up with firearms and headed back to the bar. Sammy later recounted the brutal gun battle in his autobiography,
He was involved in burglaries of local commercial franchises, fencing stolen goods, armed robbery and car theft.
Rescuing Gravano and "Joe Vitale.".
While a member of the Rampers with Gravano and others, he rescued Sammy Gravano and fellow Ramper "Joe V. (otherwise known as Joe Vitale)'s life, who was nearly fatally shot in the abdomen during a bungled car theft in Bensonhurst. He bandaged up Joe V. who was bleeding profusely from a gunshot wound to the side and thought to be in critical condition. Sammy thought that he had been shot in the head. The two gang members had been shot by a distraught citizen who was attempting to pursue Pappa and the others for stealing his car. He drove Joe Vitale. to Coney Island Hospital where he dropped himself out front of the emergency ward. Afterward, he drove Gravano to a doctor who practiced in Upstate New York that could be relied upon for discretion. According to Gerard's doctor associate, he discovered that the bullet instead of entering his brain, had grazed Gravano's temple taking off a small shard of skull behind and slightly above his ear. In the hospital, due to Gerard's rescue efforts, Joe Vitale. miraculously survived his nearly fatal gunshot wound.
Notoriety.
His friend and long time criminal associate Gambino crime family underboss Sammy Gravano later fathered a son with his wife Debra in 1977. In honor of his former friend and childhood idol he named his son Gerard, after Pappa. Gerard Gravano followed his father Sammy into organized crime and at the age of twenty-nine was arrested for helping his father run an ecstasy drug trafficking operation in Phoenix, Arizona while under protection from the Witness Protection Program in 2000.
The breaking point for Pappa.
He was washing his car on a street in Bensonhurst when his close friend and fellow Ramper James Emma was gunned down by contract killers from the Colombo crime family sent on orders by Colombo crime family capo Dominick Scialo. The gunmen then turned their guns on Gerard. At that exact moment, a car was passing and Pappa dove in through an open window. The driver of the car was so overcome with fear that he did not notice Gerard in the backseat and sped off. The murder of James Emma was considered the breaking point for Gerard. He was taken down to the precinct as a witness to the shooting of Emma. Gravano was later shown papers revealing that his friend had filed paperwork for a protection order with the New York City Police Department. Sammy was outraged at his friend's act of perceived betrayal. Gravano stated, "Our relationship and friendship and everything died from that point on." He became the subject of many sitdowns between the Gambino crime family and Colombo crime family for his wanton acts of senseless violence that he displayed but was always given a "pass" and allowed to live because of his efficiency as a contract killer.
Aligning himself with the Genovese crime family.
He was inducted into the Genovese crime family in 1974 and worked as a contract killer who murdered many criminals. He was cunning, treacherous and extreme, said to have personally murdered thirty-seven people. He was known to dress as a woman to disguise himself to fulfill murder contracts. Anthony Casso sold him marijuana, heroin and cocaine and he always paid.
As a legitimate businessman.
As an adult he was a ruthless businessman, he would murder someone for being late in paying back borrowed money just to teach a lesson to enhance his reputation. He became involved with the Local 580 of the Architectural and Ornamental Ironworkers Union and began working on construction and renovation jobs. It was later discovered by federal investigators that Arista Windows was one of the companies that dominated the public sector of the industry from 1978 to 1990, after Pappa was murdered and the ring was dismantled, that the New York Housing Authority (NYCHA) alone granted $191 million in window replacement contracts. Along with the other mobsters involved, he imposed a $1 to $2 per window charge on most public and some private window replacement contracts in the city. He forced competitors to employ 580 local members at the highest rate, while members involved in the cartel were allowed to use non-union members to whom he paid low wages to. He was treacherous and paranoid, Pappa was a particularly dangerous man. Gerard owned many businesses including a window repair and installing firm, Arista Windows with mob associate and Lucchese crime family stool pigeon Peter Savino located at 99 Scott Avenue at the corner of Randolph Street and Scott Avenue in English Kills, Brooklyn. He later became involved in the extortion of public housing construction firms. While his company's building was being renovated in the Spring of 1980, Pappa murdered two men there and buried their corpses in the cement foundation. The two men were Ralph Spero, the uncle of Angelo Sepe who was a capo in the Colombo crime family and mob associate Richard Scarcella, a hoodlum who had insulted and bullied everyone he came in contact with, including Pappa. Pappa had such disdain for Scarcella that he made sure he was buried in concrete just below where the toilet bowl was installed, so that every time someone urinated or emptied their bowels it would be directly on his face.
The Gambino, Colombo, Genovese and Lucchese families had together created a cartel in 1978, which eventually controlled over $150 million in contracts from the New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA). The cartel monopolized the industry through Local 580, a Lucchese crime family controlled local of the Iron Workers Union. Through the union, Gerard could solicit bribes, extort payoffs and enforce their monopoly. The cartel worked their controlled industry by charging a tax of approximately $1.00 to $2.00 for almost every window replacement, public and private, sold in New York City.
The extortion and bid rigging of window replacement and renovation contracts in New York City would continue until his Genovese crime family mob associate Peter Savino turned state's evidence and testified against Victor Amuso, Venero Mangano and many other powerful mobsters.
Fatherhood.
He was the father of Colombo crime family mob associate John Pappa who was born on July 19, 1974 in Bensonhurst. Crime writer David Amoroso compared Gerard's son John to the character Christopher Moltisanti portrayed by Michael Imperioli in "The Sopranos". His son John was only five years old when his father was brutally murdered. As an adolescent and young adult, his son John kept a framed picture of his father on his bedroom dresser and on his arm he had tattooed "Pappa Bear" as a tribute to his late father. John also had a striking resemblance to his father. After Gerard was murdered, his wife took their only son and moved to Holmdel, New Jersey where his son showed skill at playing varsity soccer in high school. His mother later said that he could not stay out of the mob-populated neighborhoods of Bensonhurst, Brooklyn and Staten Island. John Pappa idolized his late father Gerard and wanted to pursue a life of organized crime like his. He aligned himself with the Lucchese crime family, joining the crew of James Galione, a Lucchese crime family soldier who was the son of Gambino crime family made man Ralph Galione. John Pappa showed the ruthlessness inherited from his father when he murdered Colombo crime family capo Joseph Scopo on October 20, 1993.
Gangland slaying.
On July 1980 Gerard was shot to death in the Villa Sixty-Six Restaurant on Fourteenth Avenue and 66th Street in Brooklyn by a Colombo hit squad. It was for revenge of carrying out the murder of suspected Colombo crime family stool pigeon Ralph Spero, the uncle of Angelo Sepe. He was murdered by Dominick Cataldo and his nephews Nicholas and Joseph Cataldo Jr., the sons of Colombo crime family mafioso Joseph Cataldo. Knowing how hard Gerard would be to kill, that he was always armed, very fast and very game, they were hiding in the luncheonette's rear kitchen when he arrived. They approached him from behind and shot him in the head with a sawed-off shotgun, literally blowing his head to pieces. He was killed instantly. Sammy Gravano would later speak of feeling great sadness and remorse for the loss of his childhood friend. Genovese crime family mob boss Vincent Gigante was suspected of handing down the murder contract, but was acquitted of his alleged involvement in the murder in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20286040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286040" title="List of world's largest ships by gross tonnage">
List of world's largest ships by gross tonnage

This is a list of some of the world's largest ships by gross tonnage.

</doc>
<doc id="20286045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286045" title="Neighbourhoods of Baghdad">
Neighbourhoods of Baghdad

The city of Baghdad is divided into 89 administrative neighbourhoods, gathered into nine administrative districts.

</doc>
<doc id="20286062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286062" title="Zachary Philip Katznelson">
Zachary Philip Katznelson

Zachary Philip Katznelson is a British lawyer and senior counsel for the human rights group Reprieve.
Katznelson and his colleagues have represented 37 Guantanamo detainees. He written numerous newspaper op-eds and is frequently quoted in the British press.
Comments on Guantanamo captives' cases.
The BBC News quoted Katznelson's comments following the release of Bisher Al Rawi:
On 6 September 2009, Katznelson made what "The Guardian" characterized as "extraordinary claims" on behalf of his client Shaker Aamer.
He repeated accounts Aamer had offered him of severe abuse during his initial interrogations in the Bagram Theater Internment Facility. Aamer claimed some of the interrogators who abused him in Bagram, in early 2002, represented themselves as MI5 officers. Aamer told him about feeling terrified as he recovered from one stunning beating that his interrogators had left him alone in a room with a pistol on the table. Aamer told him that the interrogators who represented themselves as MI5 officers offered him a choice. If he agreed to spy on suspected jihadists living in the UK he could be released to the United Kingdom. Alternatively he could remain indefinitely American custody.Commenting on Aamer's report that he had been left alone with a gun Katznelson said: Commenting on Aamer's report that MI5 had tried to recruit him as a spy Katznelson said: 
Cases with which Zachary Katznelson has been involved.
Katznelson has filed documents for the following detainees:
On 9 July 2008, he filed a "STATEMENT REGARDING HEARING OF JULY 8, 2008" in Civil Actions: 05-CV-748 (RMC), 05-CV-764 (CKK), 05-CV-1347 (GK), 05-CV-1504 (RMC), 05-CV-2215 (RMC), 05-CV-2349 (RMC), 05-CV-2386 (RBW), 06-CV-1766 (HHK).
On 18 July 2008, he filed a ""STATUS REPORT"" with regard to Jihad Dhiab, Shaker Aamer in Civil Action No. 05-cv-1457 (GK).
On 18 July 2008, he filed a "Status Report" with regard to Ahmed Belbacha (ISN 290) in Civil Action No. 05-cv-2349 (RMC).
On 18 July 2008, he filed a "Status report" with regard to Shaker Abdurraheem Aamer (ISN 239) in Civil Action No. 04-cv-2215 (RMC).
On 18 July 2008, he filed a "Status report" in Civil Action No. 05-cv-764 (CKK) on behalf of Younis Shakur and Abdullatif Mohammed Nasser.
On 16 August 2008, he filed a "NOTICE OF AUTHORIZATION" in Mohammed Omar v. George W. Bush Civil Action No. 05-2386 (RBW) on behalf of Mohammed Omar.
On 18 August 2008, he filed a "NOTICE OF APPEARANCE" on behalf of Ahmed Omar (ISN 30) in Civil Action No. 05-cv-2386 (RBW).
On 29 August 2008, he filed a "CONSENT MOTION FOR ENTRY OF PROTECTIVE ORDER" with regard to Mohammed Abdulmalik in Civil Action No. 08-cv-1440 (CKK).
On 9 September 2008, he filed a "NOTICE OF JOINDER IN PETITIONERS' RESPONSE TO RESPONDENTS' REQUEST FOR RELIEF FROM SCHEDULING ORDER" with regard to Mohammed Abdulmalik in Civil Action No. 05-cv-764, 05-cv-1504, 05-cv-2349, 05-cv-748, 04-cv-2215, 05-1457, 05-cv-270, 08-cv-1440, 05-cv-2386 (CKK, RMC, GK, JR, RBW).
On 12 September 2008, he filed a "MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING REGARDING ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED NATIONAL SECURITY INFORMATION" in Civil Action No. 05-cv-764, 05-cv-1504, 05-cv-2349, 05-cv-748, 04-cv-2215, 05-1457, 05-cv-270, 08-cv-1440, 05-cv-2386 (CKK, RMC, GK, JR, RBW).
On 27 September 2008, he filed a ""Notices of authorization by petitioners to pursue this action"" in Civil Action No. 05-cv-329, 05-cv-2349 (PLF, RMC).
On 27 September 2008, Katznelson and Cori Crider of Reprieve jointly filed a ""NOTICE OF AUTHORIZATION BY PETITIONER SAIFULLAH PARACHA TO PURSUE THIS ACTION"" on behalf of Saifullah Paracha in Civil Action No. 04-2022 (PLF).
On 10 November 2008, Katznelson filed a "MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING REGARDING ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED NATIONAL SECURITY INFORMATION" in Civil Action No. 08-cv-1789 (RWR).

</doc>
<doc id="20286077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286077" title="V.B. Sochava Institute of Geography SB RAS">
V.B. Sochava Institute of Geography SB RAS

The V.B. Sochava Institute of Geography SB RAS is a scientific institution in the east of Russia, focusing on geographical studies.
The institute was established on November 29, 1957. In 2005, it was named after Viktor Borisovich Sochava to honor his distinguished career in national geography.
The prime mission of the institute is to conduct basic and applied research in the field of geographical science.
Its principal areas of research focus on the study of the state and transformation processes of Siberia’s nature, economy and population, and on the development of the principles of ecologically oriented utilization of its resources.
The goal of the institute is to conduct basic research in the field of landscape science, create the theoretical foundations for forecasting, monitoring and management of the geosystem dynamics and system mapping, and to develop the geographical framework for territorial organization of production, and population formation on the territory of Siberia.
Scientific schools.
The institute has scientific schools on population geography, exogenous geomorphology, landscape hydrology, and landscape planning. An achievement of the institute is mapping of nature, the economy and population in regions of Asian Russia and neighboring countries. Cartographic products produced include the National Atlas of Mongolia, the atlases of the Transbaikalia KATEK and Lake Hovsgol, the Ecological Atlas of the Irkutsk Region, and thematic maps.
Applied geography.
The research efforts focus on ecological zoning of the Baikal natural territory, assessment of natural resources and distribution of productive forces of the Siberian regions, and on optimization of the network of specially protected natural territories. The institute is engaged in the ecology of investment projects, among them the projects of development of oil and gas fields, and of the creation of pipelines to transfer hydrocarbon raw materials to countries of the Asian-Pacific region.
Conferences and lectures.
Conferences are held of geographers of Siberia and the far East on and the Far East, on thematic cartography, landscape hydrology, assessment of potential natural resources, recreation geography, social geography, geoinformation and aerospace methods, and on modeling of geosystems, as well as scientific lectures in commemoration of Academician V.B. Sochava. The institute hosts the Bureau of Siberian organizations of the Russian Geographical Society as well as its East-Siberian Division that was established more than 150 years ago.
The V.B. Sochava Institute of Geography SB RAS website

</doc>
<doc id="20286085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286085" title="Sun glitter">
Sun glitter

Sun glitter is a bright, sparkling light formed when sunlight reflects from water waves. The waves may be caused by natural movement of the water, or by the movement of birds or animals in the water. Even a ripple from a thrown rock will create a momentary glitter. 
Light reflects from smooth surfaces by specular reflection. A rippled but locally smooth surface such as water with waves will reflect the sun at different angles at each point on the surface of the waves. As a result, a viewer in the right position will see many small images of the sun, formed by portions of waves that are oriented correctly to reflect the sun's light to the viewer's eyes. The exact pattern seen depends on the viewer's precise location. The color and the length of the glitter depend on the altitude of the Sun. The lower the sun, the longer and more reddish the glitter is. When the sun is really low above the horizon, the glitter breaks because of the waves, which could sometimes obstruct the sun and cast a shadow on the glitter.
Sun glitter can be bright enough to damage one's eyes. Caution should be exercised while observing the glitter.

</doc>
<doc id="20286098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286098" title="Sandman Tangi">
Sandman Tangi

Sandman Tangi is a village and union council of Ziarat District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is 4 km from Ziarat and contains a dramatic waterfall cascading down the rocks which is an attraction for visitors. The great personality Balochistan Malik Momen Khan Esakhail was born in Killi Sandman Tangi. He was the tribal leader of the Esakhail Sanerzai tribe. He passed all his life in the development of his tribe and Ziarat valley.

</doc>
<doc id="20286113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286113" title="Always a Body To Trade">
Always a Body To Trade

Always a Body To Trade is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1980s Rocksburg, a fictional, blue-collar, Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania, adjacent to Pittsburgh).
Mario Balzic is the protagonist, an atypical detective for the genre, a Serbo-Italian American cop, middle-aged, unpretentious, a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force.
The novel tells the story of a double robbery in two identical apartments, rented but hardly ever used by a Pittsburgh drug dealer who's clean with the law. Then young woman is found shot dead on the street. She can't be identified, but her murder has all the appearances of a professional hit. The new mayor of Rocksburg is near hysteria, and he smears the case all over Balzic, who not only has to solve the murder but teach his nosy new boss the not-so-plain facts of police work.
It is the sixth book in the 17-volume Rocksburg series.

</doc>
<doc id="20286137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286137" title="Cam DiNunzio">
Cam DiNunzio

Cam DiNunzio was born on January 6, 1974 in Virginia. He is known most for his role in the band Denali as guitarist.
Career.
DiNunzio joined Denali in 2000 after being asked by singer Maura Davis to help fill out the band along with drummer Jonathan Fuller and bassist Keeley Davis. The band released two albums on Jade Tree Records before disbanding in 2004. Other than Denali, he was a member of various Richmond, Virginia band including Grip, Lazycain, and for a short period of time, River City High. In 2005, he did a short touring stint with Four Walls Falling. In 2009 he formed a new band called Heks Orkest, featuring former Denali bandmates Davis and Fuller. Other members include Ed Trask, formerly of Avail, Kepone, and Holy Rollers, and David Grant, formerly of Action Patrol, The Episode, and Service Anxiety.
DiNunzio was born in Virginia Beach, Virginia and grew up there before going to college at Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond, VA in 1992. He graduated in 1997 with an English degree, and in 2005 he moved to New York City to work for various record labels before returning in 2008 to Richmond to work for a then-new music house called Black Iris Music. Heks Orkest began in 2009, and has played sporadic shows since then.

</doc>
<doc id="20286155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286155" title="Super tweeter">
Super tweeter

A super tweeter is a speaker driver intended to produce ultra high frequencies in a multi-driver loudspeaker system. Its purpose is to recreate a more realistic sound field, often characterized as "airy-ness". Super tweeters are sometimes found in high fidelity speaker systems and sometimes even in home theater systems. They are used to supplement the sound of tweeters by reproducing frequencies which the tweeter may produce only with a narrow polar output, or perhaps with distortion.
A super tweeter is generally intended to respond well into ultrasonic frequencies over 20 kHz, the commonly accepted upper frequency limit of human hearing. Super tweeters have been designed for psychoacoustic testing, for extended-range digital audio such as Super Audio CD intended for audiophiles, for biologists performing research on animal response to sounds, and for ambient sound systems in zoos. Ribbon tweeters have been made that can reproduce 80 kHz and even 100 kHz.

</doc>
<doc id="20286164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286164" title="Chortarolimni">
Chortarolimni

Chortarolimni ( meaning "weed lake") is a lagoon located in the East of the island Lemnos, Greece. Nearby villages includes Kalliopi to the north, Roussopouli to the southwest and Romano to the west. The area is 2.30 km². The lagoon is dry during the summer months.
The lake was once known as Mylou Lake (1738 Pococke) and Komi Lake (1858 Conze). Together with Alyki near Kontopouli and a third small lake Asprolimni, it forms a great ecosystem, where many migrating birds spend the winter.

</doc>
<doc id="20286208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286208" title="Society for Andaman and Nicobar Ecology">
Society for Andaman and Nicobar Ecology

The Society for Andaman and Nicobar Ecology, also known as SANE, is an Indian environmental organization based in Port Blair in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands union territory of India. Its goal is the preservation of the unique land, vegetative, animal, marine and human ecology of the islands.
Involvement.
In 1997, for specific reasons that aren't understood, a group of Jarawa adivasis in the Andaman Islands, hitherto fiercely isolationist, emerged from the forest and made contact with the non-tribal population. Over time, it became common to see Jarawas begging for food by the Great Andaman Trunk Road. This, in addition to widespread encroachment, poaching and commercial exploitation of Jarawa lands, caused a lawsuit to be filed with the Calcutta High Court, which has jurisdiction over the islands. The case escalated to the Supreme Court of India as a Public Interest Litigation (or PIL). SANE joined the Bombay Natural History Society and Pune-based Kalpavriksh in this petition, helping back the plea with ecological, cultural and genetic information. This resulted in the High Court passing a landmark judgment in 2001, directing the administration to take steps to protect the Jarawa from encroachment and contact, as well as preemptively ruling out any program that involved relocating the Jarawa to a new reservation. Planned extensions of the highway were also prohibited by the court.

</doc>
<doc id="20286228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286228" title=".44 S&amp;W American">
.44 S&amp;W American

The .44 S&W American (commonly called the .44 American) is an American centerfire revolver cartridge.
Used in the Smith & Wesson Model 3, it was introduced around 1869. Between 1871 and 1873, the .44 Model 3 was used as the standard United States Army sidearm. It was also offered in the Merwin Hulbert & Co. Army revolvers.
It used an outside lubricated bullet of the same diameter as the .44 S&W Russian, with a slightly greater case neck diameter, and appeared in either Boxer and Berdan priming, and both black and smokeless powder loadings.
Its power resembles the .41 Long Colt, .32-20 Winchester, or .44-40 Winchester, and it could be used to hunt small game at short range.
The .44 American ceased to be commercially available around 1940. It can be handloaded by shortening and reforming .44 Special cases. Original black-powder revolvers should only use black-powder loads; modern powders will generate excessive pressures.
During the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral on October 26, 1881, Wyatt Earp carried an 8-inch .44 caliber 1869 American model Smith & Wesson. Earp had received the weapon as a gift from Tombstone, Arizona mayor and "Tombstone Epitaph" newspaper editor John Clum.

</doc>
<doc id="20286230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286230" title="House (1977 film)">
House (1977 film)

The film company Toho approached Obayashi with the suggestion to make a film like "Jaws". Influenced by ideas from his daughter Chigumi, Obayashi developed ideas for a script that was written by Chiho Katsura. After the script was green-lit, the film was put on hold for two years as no director at Toho wanted to direct it. Obayashi promoted the film during this time period until the studio allowed him to direct it himself. The film was a box office hit in Japan but received negative reviews from critics. "House" received a wide release in 2009 and 2010 in North America, where it received more favorable reviews.
Plot.
In Japan, a young girl nicknamed Gorgeous (Kimiko Ikegami) has plans for a summer vacation with her father (Saho Sasazawa) who had been in Italy scoring film music. Her father returns home and surprises Gorgeous by announcing she has a new stepmother, Ryoko Ema (Haruko Wanibuchi). This upsets Gorgeous as her mother had died years earlier. Gorgeous goes to her bedroom and writes a letter to her aunt asking if she could come visit her this summer instead. Gorgeous' aunt replies and allows her to come visit. Gorgeous invites her six friends, Prof (Ai Matsubara), Melody (Eriko Tanaka), Kung Fu (Miki Jinbo), Mac (Mieko Sato), Sweet (Masayo Miyako) and Fantasy (Kumiko Oba) to come along with her. On arriving at the aunt's house, the girls are greeted by Gorgeous' aunt (Yōko Minamida) to whom they present a watermelon.
After a tour of the home, the girls leave the watermelon in a well to keep it refrigerated. Mac later goes to retrieve the watermelon and does not return. When Fantasy goes to retrieve the watermelon from the well, she finds Mac's head, which flies in the air and bites Fantasy's buttocks before she escapes. The other girls also begin to encounter other supernatural traps throughout the house. The aunt disappears after entering the broken refrigerator, and the girls are attacked or possessed by a series of items in the house, such as Gorgeous becoming possessed after using her aunt's mirror and Sweet disappearing after being attacked by mattresses. These attacks cause the girls to try to escape the house. As soon as Gorgeous walks out the door, the rest of the girls find themselves locked in. The girls try to find the aunt to unlock the door but only find Mac's severed hand in a jar. Melody begins to play the piano to keep the girl's spirits up as the girls hear Gorgeous singing upstairs. As Prof and Kung Fu go to investigate, Melody's fingers are bitten off by the piano, and it ultimately eats her whole.
Upstairs in the house, Kung Fu and Prof find Gorgeous wearing a bridal gown, who then reveals her aunt's diary to them. Kung Fu follows Gorgeous as she leaves the room, only to find Sweet's body trapped in a grandfather clock. Panic-driven, the remaining girls barricade the upper part of the house while Prof, Fantasy and Kung Fu read the aunt's diary. They are interrupted by the giant-sized head of Gorgeous. Gorgeous reveals that her aunt died many years ago waiting for her husband to return from World War II and that her spirit remains, eating unmarried girls who arrive at her home. The three girls are then attacked by household items. Prof shouts to Kung Fu to attack the aunt's cat, Blanche. As Kung Fu lunges into a flying kick, she is eaten by a possessed light fixture. Kung Fu's legs manage to escape and attack the painting of Blanche on the wall. The attacked Blanche portrait spurts blood, causing the room to flood. Prof tries to read the diary to solve the problem, but is pulled under the blood by a monster jar. Fantasy sees Gorgeous in the bridal gown and paddles towards her. Gorgeous appears as her aunt in the reflection in the blood and then cradles Fantasy. In the morning, Ryoko arrives at the house and finds Gorgeous in a classic kimono. Gorgeous tells Ryoko that her friends will wake up soon and that they will be hungry. She then shakes hands with Ryoko and burns her away to nothing.
Production.
Development.
Following the success of the American film "Jaws", a proposition came from the Toho film studio for Nobuhiko Obayashi to develop a similar script. To find inspiration for the story, Obayashi discussed ideas with his pre-teen daughter Chigumi Obyashi. Nobuhiko sought her ideas, believing that adults "only think about things they understand...everything stays on that boring human level" while "children can come up with things that can't be explained". Several of Chigumi's ideas were included in "House" such as a reflection in a mirror attacking the viewer, a watermelon being pulled out of a well appearing like a human head, and a house that eats girls. Other themes Chigumi suggested drew upon her own childhood fears. These fears included a pile of futons falling on her that felt like a monster attacking her, a large loud clock at her grandparents home, and getting her fingers caught in between her piano keys. Nobuhiko shared these story ideas with screenwriter Chiho Katsura. These ideas reminded Katura of a short story by Walter de la Mare about an old woman who is visited by her granddaughters who then puts them in a trunk.
Obayashi incorporated themes of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki into the script. Obayashi was born in Hiroshima and lost all his childhood friends from these bombings. Obayashi applied these themes with the plot element of a woman's ghost waiting for her lover's return from World War II. The woman's bitterness about the war turns her into an evil spirit that devours the girls who were unaffected by the bombings. Obayashi and Chino had worked previously on a script titled "Hanagatami" before being assigned to "House", which made the screenwriting process easy for both of them. Obayashi titled the script "House" as he felt that a foreign title for a Japanese film would be "taboo".
Pre-production.
The script for "House" was green-lit shortly after being presented to Toho. No directors at Toho were interested in directing the film as they felt it would end their career. Obayashi proposed that he would direct it but was turned down as he was not a staff member at Toho. "House" did not start filming until two years after the script's completion. Toho allowed Obayashi to announce that film was green-lit and began promoting the film by passing out business cards which advertised the film. In the 1960s, Obayashi created a short film titled "Emotion" that was popular at Japanese universities and event halls. Fans of his television commercial and film work helped him promote "House" before it was even in production. Products based on "House" that were released included manga, a novelization of the script and a radio drama. The soundtrack for the film was created and released before the film was made. Asei Kobayashi, who worked with Obayashi on his television commercials, contributed the piano pieces for the film's soundtrack. Kobayashi felt that younger people should contribute to the film's soundtrack and suggested Mickie Yoshino and his band Godiego should contribute songs based on Yoshino's piano pieces.
The majority of the cast "House" were not established actors and were people Obayashi worked with on his commercials and independent films. During the two-year waiting period to start filming "House", Obayashi created several commercials and began casting the seven girls from models who were in his commercials. The most experienced members of the main cast were Kimiko Ikegami and Yōko Minamida. Obayashi was friends with Minamida who he filmed in commercials for Calpis. Ikegami was mostly working television and theater at the time and worried that taking the role of the older woman would have a negative effect on the roles she would be subsequently offered, but still agreed to play the part. The country music singer Kiyohiko Ozaki, who plays Mr. Togo in the film, was cast because he was friends with Obayashi through their shared hobby of horseback riding. Other roles were filled by members of the crew and their families; for example, Nobuhiko Obayashi's daughter Chigumi plays the little girl, and the film's production designer plays the shoe maker.
Filming.
Obayashi recalled that his producer told him that Toho was tired of losing money on comprehensible films and were ready to let Obayashi direct the "House" script, which they felt was incomprehensible. Toho officially green-lit the film's production after the success of the radio drama based on "House". Obayashi received special permission to direct the film despite not being a member of the Toho staff.
"House" was filmed on one of Toho's largest sets, where Obayashi shot the film without a storyboard over a period of about two months. Obayashi described the attitude on the set as very upbeat as he often skipped, sang and played quiz games with the younger actresses on the set. Despite having fun on the set, members of the Toho crew felt the film was nonsense. Obayashi found the acting of the seven girls to be poor while trying to direct them verbally. He began playing the film's soundtrack on set, which changed the way the girls were acting in the film as they got into the spirit of the music. Actress Kimiko Ikegami was uncomfortable about a nude scene in the film. To make her more comfortable, Yoko Minamida also took off her clothes. After Obayashi saw Minamida nude, he included a nude scene for her in the film which was not in the original script.
Obayashi already had experience with special effects from his work on television commercials. Obayashi and the cameraman oversaw the special effects for the film. Obayashi desired the special effects to look unrealistic, as if a child created them. For the scene in which Ai Matsubara's character vanishes under the blood, Obayashi had her suspended nude, pouring buckets of blue paint on her to create a blue-screen chroma key effect where the blue colored parts of her body would deteriorate on camera. The outcome of a lot of these effects would be unknown until the film was completed. Obayashi stated that sometimes the effects did not turn out how he originally envisioned them.
Release.
"House" was released on July 30, 1977 in Japan. It was originally released as a double feature with the romance film "Pure Hearts in Mud". Toho did not expect "House" to be successful, but the film became a great hit. The film became specifically popular with a youth audience. "House" was never shown in the United States until the distribution rights were bought by Janus Films to be released as part of their Eclipse line of DVDs. Eclipse was originally conceived as a possible sub-label for cult films for the company. Janus soon began getting requests for theatrical screenings of the film. Janus initiated a small tour of theatrical showings, including two sold-out shows at the 2009 New York Asian Film Festival. In January 2010, "House" began being shown theatrically across North America.
"House" was released by the Masters of Cinema label in the United Kingdom on DVD. Bonus features on the disc included interviews with the cast and crew and the theatrical trailer. "House" was released by The Criterion Collection on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on October 26, 2010. Bonus features on the disc included a making-of feature with interviews with the crew, Obayashi's short film "Emotion" (1966), and an appreciation video featuring director Ti West.
Reception.
The film did not receive many reviews in Japan on its initial release. The general reception among Japanese critics who did review the film was negative. Nobuhiko Obayashi won the Blue Ribbon Award for Best New Director in 1978 for "House", 
and, on "House"'s theatrical screenings across North America, the film began to receive generally favorable reviews. "House" was "The New York Times" critics pick stating that "Mr. Obayashi has created a true fever dream of a film, one in which the young female imagination – that of his daughter, Gorgeous or both – yields memorable results." "The Seattle Times" gave "House" three out of four stars, stating that what the film "lacks in technical wizardry it more than makes up for in playful ingenuity, injecting cheesy effects into outrageously stylized set pieces." "Slant Magazine" gave the film three stars out of four, calling it "equal parts brilliant, baffling, ridiculous, and unwatchable." "The New York Post" gave the film three and a half stars out of four praising the film's originality, comparing it to the work of directors Dario Argento and Guy Maddin. indieWire included "House" in their list of "Haunted House films worth discussing" calling it "the cheeriest, most infectious blood bath in cinematic history." In 2009, the Japanese film magazine "Kinema Junpo" placed "House" on at number 160 on their list of top 200 Japanese films.
"The Austin Chronicle" gave "House" a mixed review, saying that "there's surprisingly little to recommend "House" as a film. But as an experience, well, that's a whole other story."
"The Village Voice" gave the film a mixed review, saying that "Contemporary Japanese pop culture makes the hophead nonsense of "House" look quaint by comparison... though it plays like a retarded hybrid of "Rocky Horror" and "Whispering Corridors", it is, moment to moment, its own kind of movie hijinks." "The Boston Globe" gave the film two stars out of four, opining that films by Sam Raimi and Peter Jackson had attempted similar styled films with better success.

</doc>
<doc id="20286264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286264" title="Jean Terrasson">
Jean Terrasson

Jean Terrasson (1670–1750), often referred to as the Abbé Terrasson, was a French priest, author and member of the Académie française.
Life.
Jean Terrasson, born in Lyon, was elected a member of the Académie française in 1707. His 1715 "Dissertation on Homer's Iliad" took the side of the 'moderns' in the quarrel of the Ancients and the Moderns. In 1721 he became Professor of Greek at the College de France.
His best-known work is probably the fantasy novel "Life of Sethos, Taken from Private Memoirs of the Ancient Egyptians" (1731). This fiction elided Masonic with ancient Egyptian ritual, and served as an inspiration for Mozart and Schikaneder's "Magic Flute".
Commentary on Terrasson.
Antoin E. Murphy writes in "The Genesis of Macroeconomics" (2008):
Given the fortune that Terrasson was making in the Mississippi Company, was it not natural to find him defending its operations in the pamphlets that he wrote. ...Furthermore, given Terrasson and Turgot's clerical connections—they were both "abbés" at this time...— ...Turgot was in no doubt about attributing them to Terrasson. Paul Harsin did not accept this... 'There is no doubt... with respect to Law's paternity of letters'. The abbé Terrasson has also been credited with being the author of..."Mémoire pour servir à justifier la Campagnie des Indes contre la censure de casuistes qui la condamnent" (1720), which is also about Law's system. ...I agree with Harsin that Law either wrote or directed the writing of the letters. ...he may have used Terrasson as an intermediary for pushing his own ideas into the public arena.

</doc>
<doc id="20286277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286277" title="Gore High School (Oklahoma)">
Gore High School (Oklahoma)

Gore High School is a high school in Gore, Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="20286284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286284" title="Sethos">
Sethos

Sethos was a pharaoh of Egypt described by Herodotus in his "Histories" (Book II (Euterpe)):
The Terrasson novel.
Sethos became the hero of an improbably influential fantasy novel, Life of Sethos, Taken from Private Memoirs of the Ancient Egyptians, published in 1731 by the French Abbe Jean Terrasson.
The book appeared in Paris in 1731 and in an English translation by Thomas Lediard published in London by J. Walthoe in 1732. 
According to the noted classicist Mary Lefkowitz, Sethos:
This eighteenth century work of fiction is a primary source of Afrocentrism and of the kind of black history found in such popular books as Martin Bernal's "Black Athena: The Afroasiatic Roots of Classical Civilization", and George James's "Stolen Legacy: Greek Philosophy Is Stolen Egyptian Philosophy".
It is also a key source of a popular web of conspiracy theories positing a secret pagan subculture or Freemasons, devotees of Satan, and environmentalists dedicated to the overthrow of Christianity.
Freemasons.
Although at one time it was believed that "Sethos" was a source for Masonic rituals and ideas, it is now understood that Terrasson took the rituals of the Freemasons, already popular in the France of his day, and projected them backward into his imaginary Egyptian mystery cult.

</doc>
<doc id="20286291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286291" title="Ignite Film Festival">
Ignite Film Festival

The Ignite Film Festival is a Christian short film festival held annually in Sydney, Australia. The major goal of the festival is to develop young Christian film makers and to encourage people to be creative about communicating the truths of the Bible. Each film is no longer than five minutes and includes the theme for the year.
Ignite Film Festival themes.
Each year, Ignite Film Festival has a theme of an item or action being incorporated in the entry films to ensure that they are unique.

</doc>
<doc id="20286302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286302" title="Upon Some Midnights Clear">
Upon Some Midnights Clear

Upon Some Midnights Clear is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1980s Rocksburg, a fictional, blue-collar, Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania, adjacent to Pittsburgh).
Mario Balzic is the protagonist, an atypical detective for the genre, a Serbo-Italian American cop, middle-aged, unpretentious, a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force. 
The novel opens during the yuletide season with Ed Sitko, the chief of the city's volunteer firefighters, telling Balzic about Mrs. Gabin, who was mugged of Christmas money. Before Balzic can investigate, Sitko has firefighters out collecting money for the victim. But the more Balzic looks into the incident, the less he likes it.
It is the seventh book in the 17-volume Rocksburg series.

</doc>
<doc id="20286308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286308" title="George Hysteron-Proteron">
George Hysteron-Proteron

Colonel the Hon. George Hysteron-Proteron is a fictional character created by author J. K. Stanford, He is introduced as a British soldier, sporting gun, and Lord of the manor of Five Mile Wallop, Cambridgeshire. He has been described as "a comic figure of sporting literature" and a "fanatical grouse shot".
In his London home, the Qu'hais' Club, he was known as The Old Grouse-Cock.
Origin and creation.
Hysteron-Proteron's creator J. K. Stanford wrote in 1964 that "George... owed his origin to a face in the East India Club... On one occasion at breakfast he sent for the waiter and said, in my hearing, 'Didn't I order mutton cutlets "with blood"? There's no blood in these! Take them away!' "
The character first appeared in Stanford's first book, "The Twelfth" (1944), which was revised in 1964 as "The Twelfth and After: being the life and death of George Hysteron-Proteron". The original book, "The Twelfth", was written between 1942 and 1943 in the North African desert, while the author was serving with the British Eighth Army between El Alamein and Gabès.
A member of Boodle's wrote after receiving the book as a Christmas present in 1944: "I see the author mentions Boodle's. I don't know if he is a member here but there are six George Proterons sitting round me in the smoking-room at the moment."
The character's surname clearly originates in the term hysteron proteron, a rhetorical device.
Early life.
Hysteron-Proteron was educated at Eton, the Royal Military College, Sandhurst "and the Badminton Library".
While still in the cot, he shot his nanny in the backside with a pea-shooter.
Military career.
He fought with the Black Scots regiment in Matabeleland and the Boer War and in France during the First World War, which he ended in 1918 as a Billeting Officer.
Sportsman.
Hysteron-Proteron was said to be "one of the ten or twelve best shots in the kingdom". He kept "a most elaborate game book" (that is, a detailed record of everything he killed) which in 1938 was in its twentieth volume. He had then shot "about 200,000 head".
Family.
Hysteron-Proteron was a younger son of Lord Parable, while his mother was "a Fleuchary of Brawl, in north Sunderland". His half-brother William Proteron was a Master of Foxhounds, but the two men did not speak to each other for thirty years, this being in connection with their rivalry to inherit the fortune of "a very rich but invalid Hysteron aunt in Suffolk", who when she died left her money equally between the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and the Society for the Abolition of Bloodsports. Hysteron-Proteron's first cousin Randolph Hysteron was a novelist whose "incredibly modern novels" included "What the Hell does it matter?" and "God will call it Quits". His heroes were "lonely and apt to hang round brothels", and Hysteron-Proteron read his books.
Unmarried, Hysteron-Proteron's heir was a nephew, said in 1938 to be "in quod at this moment for dangerous driving on the Kingston By-pass".
Religion.
Until his final four years, Hysteron-Proteron's attendance at church was spasmodic, Sunday being his morning for going round his nests and rearing-field with the estate's head keeper, after his Friday and Saturday sport. However, after giving up shooting in 1938, he would often put on a dark blue suit, stiff white collar, spats, and bowler hat and attend church parade in the family pew.
Hysteron-Proteron found the Church of England's hymns ominous, and once asked the Vicar to lend him some books on the After-life, explaining "When I was a boy, it was just plain heaven and hell, and me nurse always insisted I should never see the first. "You" know what I mean: what are we in for?" He went on to explain his fears of milling around with the Cherubim: "I dislike crowds... I can't stand community singin'! All that harpin' and allelujerin' and celestial choirs. Frightens me... frightful glare there must be off the golden pavements. Don't like the prospect, meself!" He found the Vicar astonishingly ill-informed and uneasy.
Life as a bird.
Stanford's "The Twelfth and After" is largely the account of Hysteron-Proteron's adventures in the shape of a red grouse, a form in which he wakes up, as he nears the end of his shooting career, on the morning of the Twelfth of August. Finding himself as a grouse on a grouse moor as the season begins, Hysteron-Proteron is of course able to use his life-time of experience as a game shot to escape death at the hands of his shooting friends. Indeed, he goes so far as to organize his fellow grouse to outwit the guns.
Honours and clubs.
Hysteron-Proteron was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1918, for military services. He was also Patron and President of the Five Mile Wallop Horticultural Society.
He was a member of the Qu'hais' Club and Boodle's.

</doc>
<doc id="20286349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286349" title="Bulwer Island">
Bulwer Island

Bulwer Island is a reclaimed tidal mangrove island at the mouth of the Brisbane River in the suburb of Pinkenba, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It is named for Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton, the British Colonial Secretary who separated Queensland from New South Wales in 1859 and made Sir George Bowen its first Governor. 
Bulwer Island Refinery.
In May 1961 a TAA DC-4 airliner crashed onto Bulwer Island during landing at Brisbane Airport. The pilot had suffered cardiac arrest and slumped over the control column preventing the co-pilot from regaining control before the plane dived into the mud of the island.
Much of it is now occupied with BP Australia’s Bulwer Island Refinery, the largest in Queensland. Reclamation and refinery construction took place during 1963-65, with the reclamation greatly expanding the original island and joining it to the north bank of the river.
Lighthouse.
A lighthouse, known as Bulwer Island Light, stood on the island between 1912 and 1983, as part of a pair of leading light. In 1983 it was replaced by a skeletal tower and relocated to the Queensland Maritime Museum in Brisbane. 

</doc>
<doc id="20286362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286362" title="Child of the Ghetto">
Child of the Ghetto

Child of the Ghetto is the debut album by rapper G. Dep. It was released on November 20, 2001 for Bad Boy Records and featured production from Sean Combs and members of The Hitmen, among others.
The album peaked at #106 on Billboard 200 and #23 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Single "Special Delivery" from the album peaked at #59 on Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and #3 on Hot Rap Singles. The sales of the album caused G. Dep to subsequently be dropped from Bad Boy Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20286367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286367" title="SDI Technologies">
SDI Technologies

SDI Technologies is the name of a consumer electronics manufacturer whose products are marketed under several national brands, including Timex, Sylvania, eKids, New Balance, KIDdesigns, and iHome. They used to market under Soundesign, a now defunct brand. SDI Technologies employed 110 in 2007, and has a distribution network that covers over 70 countries. Including Asia, SDI employs over 400 people.
History.
SDI Technologies was founded in 1956. In that year, they introduced one of the first pocket cigarette lighters and transistor radios.
Soundesign, a defunct division of SDI Technologies, marketed inexpensive home and portable electronics, but was originally known as RealTone. The Soundesign brand faded as SDI began selling its products under the Zenith brand in 1993. SDI's current offerings include small electronics of the iHome and Timex brands.
References.
Company history and timeline 
Yahoo Finance
Hoovers.com

</doc>
<doc id="20286371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286371" title="Ain Dara Temple">
Ain Dara Temple

The Ain Dara temple, located near the village of Ain Dara, northwest of Aleppo, Syria, is an Iron Age Syro-Hittite temple noted for its similarities to Solomon's Temple as described in the Hebrew Bible. According to the excavator Ali Abu Assaf, it was in existence from 1300 BC until 740 BC and remained "basically the same" during the period of the Solomonic Temple's construction (1000 - 900 BC) as it had been before, so that it predates the Solomonic Temple. The temples of Emar, Munbaqa, and Ebla are also comparable. The surviving sculptures depict lions and sphinxes (comparable to the cherubim of the First Temple).
Massive footprints are carved into the floor; whether of gods or humans or animals is debatable. Also left to speculation is to whom the temple is dedicated. Ain Dara may have been devoted to Ishtar, goddess of fertility; or dedicated to the female goddess Astarte, or the deity Ba'al Hadad.
Geography.
Ain Dara temple is located in north Syria, northwest of Aleppo near the Syro-Turkish border. It was built on a terrace known as the “acropolis of the tell”, a precipitous-faced tell that overlooks the Afrin Valley. The area is divided in two parts, the main tell that is above the surrounding plain, and the lower acropolis which covers an area of .
Just east of the temple site is the modern-day village of Ain Dara.
History.
The discovery of the temple was the result of a fortuitous finding of a colossal basalt lion in 1955. Excavations in 1956, 1962, and 1964 were conducted by Maurice Dunand and Feisal Seirafi; beginning in 1976, Ali Abu Assaf continued the work. He discovered the temple and inferred that it was built in three structural phases in the period from about 1300 BC to 740 BC. The first phase was from 1300 BC to 1000 BC, the second phase from 1000 BC to 900 BC, and third phase from 900 BC to 740 B.C.E. This was preceded by the Chalcolithic period during the fourth millennium BC the tell remained occupied until the Ottoman period (1517 -1917).
After excavations were done, between 1980 and 1985, its similarities with Solomon’s Temple, described in the Biblical texts though not seen on ground, was discussed by archaeologists and historians. Already the smaller Tell Tayinat temple, discovered during excavations in 1936 and located about away, had "caused a sensation because of its similarities to Solomon’s Temple."
According to extensive subsequent debate among archaeologists, Ain Dara has numerous similarities with Solomon's Temple in Jerusalem. Ain Dara, as excavated, has revealed a distinctively similar three-part layout with structural blocks of basalt on limestone foundations. However, it has been conjectured that the temple probably had a mud-brick superstructure covered with wood paneling, which has not survived.
Architecture and fittings.
Exterior.
A courtyard built with sandstones provides approach to the temple. The courtyard is paved with flagstones where a chalkstone basin for ceremonial purposes is seen. The temple, in size, faces southeast. Its exterior contains a cherubim relief. The entrance porch, or portico, marked by two basalt piers or pillars, and a wide hall, were not roofed over and were part of an open courtyard. The entrance pillars appear to have architectural and cultic significance. A sphinx and two lions decorate the temple portico flanking the three steps (out of four) made in basalt.
Interior.
The main sections include the porch, a middle room and an inner room or sanctum. The middle room measures by in size and is lined with lion reliefs, guilloché, and panels resembling window. The square main hall measures by ; at the rear end of this hall reliefs and a stele were added as part of shrine. There are basalt reliefs in the lower wall panels. An elevated podium ( high platform), a niche, and a secondary wall are part of the visible remains. In the small shrine area situated at the innermost area of the temple, carved sockets and grooves are seen on the wall, which point to the former presence of a wooden screen. A ramp joins the main room to the platform area and the sanctum. The back wall of the sanctum has a niche which probably housed a statue of a god or goddess. Paved floors and walls reliefs are visible in the multistoried hallways, at least three stories high, that flank three sides of the temple, with at least one southern entrance. Figure-eight lattice patterns are included on two false, recessed windows that were carved into the temple walls. While all these were dated as part of first and second phase creations, material remains unearthed at the site identify additions made in the third phase of construction, an "ambulatory with a series of side chambers on three sides of the temple". It has also been inferred that these chambers were part of the pre-existing temple platform and not linked to the main temple.
Footprints.
A pair of large, bare footprints, each about in length, are carved into the stone floors of the portico, followed by a single footprint carved beyond the first two, and another single footprint carved into the threshold, “marking the deity’s procession into the cella”. It is also conjectured that these foot prints could be of unidentified "immense clawed creatures". The inference is that the right footprint seen on the threshold, which is spaced at about from the first footprint, could be of human or goddess, in height. It has also been noted that the deities in all the Ain Dara temple reliefs have "shoes with curled-up toes". Hence, the source of the footprints, whether of gods or humans or animals, is debatable.
Similarities with Solomon's Temple.
There are many features in common with Solomon's Temple as described in the Book of Kings. The layout of Dara is similar to that of the Biblical temple, which was also of a long room plan with the three room configuration of a portico at the entrance followed by the main chamber with the shrine. The difference is in the antechamber, which is an add-on in the Ain Dara temple. The size of the Solomon temple was by while that of the Ain Dara is long by wide without side chambers. Other similarities include: location on a high raised site overlooking a city; erected on a raised platform, with a narrow portico and a roof supported on pillars flanked by reliefs on the walls, and carvings of similar motifs; and the raised podium. In brief, 33 of the architectural elements found in Ain Dara are tallied with 65 of the features mentioned in the Biblical description of Solomon's Temple.
References.
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Storeroom_ain_dara_(2).JPG==External links==

</doc>
<doc id="20286373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286373" title="Thatcher Police Department (Arizona)">
Thatcher Police Department (Arizona)

The Thatcher Police Department (TPD) is the municipal law enforcement agency responsible for policing the town of Thatcher, Arizona. It has an approximately 10-man uniformed division.

</doc>
<doc id="20286397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286397" title="George Crompton">
George Crompton

George Crompton (23 March 1829 – 29 December 1886) was an American inventor, manufacturer, and businessman and the son of William Crompton, an inventor. He is most well known for his invention, perfection, and popularization of the Crompton Loom, a fancy loom that could reach maximum speeds of eighty-five picks per second, nearly twice the speed of its most efficient predecessors. Crompton Loom Works, located in his hometown of Worcester, Massachusetts, aided in the Civil War effort to provide uniforms and blankets for the U.S. Army. Crompton’s looms did have competition from foreign innovations, yet when brought to the Paris Exposition Universelle (1867) his products won a silver medal. His looms were also present at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition of 1876. From these two events, the Crompton Loom gained popularity and became famous throughout the manufacturing circles. Crompton was also quite involved in his town of Worcester; he was a member of the common council (1860–1861) and held the office of alderman (1863–1864), in addition to running for mayor unsuccessfully in 1871. When he died, Worcester announced that it had lost the man who helped the town transform from a "pretty New England town" to an industrial city. Crompton was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in 2007 due to the large-scale impact of his loom.
Early life.
George Crompton was born at Holcombe, Tottington, Lancashire, England on March 23, 1829 to William Crompton and Sarah Low. The Crompton family immigrated to the United States in 1836 when George was nine and lived in Taunton, Massachusetts. Even early in his life, multiple sources cite Crompton's uncanny mechanical ability and problem-solving prowess.
In 1837, George's father William, who worked in the textile industry, invented the first fancy power loom. Since looms were certainly a part of George Crompton’s childhood, his father’s invention most likely began to lay the foundation for George’s soon-to-be successful career.
Education.
Crompton attended elementary school in Belmont, England before his family moved to America. After the immigration, he attended public schools in Taunton, Massachusetts and Worcester, Massachusetts. For secondary school he attended Millbury Academy in Worcester, the equivalent of a modern-day high school, and graduated in the normal time period. He did not attend college; rather, he gained occupation-specific experience as a part of the workforce. No mention is made of Crompton’s level of achievement in school, subjects he was interested in, or personal opinions of his academic experience.
Early career.
After graduating from Millbury Academy, George Crompton held two separate positions, one in his father’s office as a bookkeeper, and one as a mechanic for the Colt Company. Crompton saw the innovative skill of Samuel Colt, a manufacturer and owner of the Colt Company, on a daily basis. This insight into an inventor’s mind most likely provided another basis for George Crompton’s eventual knack for invention and keen business sense, in addition to his interest in the manufacturing industry.
Crompton’s first venture took place in 1849, when the patent for his father’s loom was about to expire. William Crompton suddenly became incapacitated, so his son took over the family business. This meant that George had to renew the fancy power loom’s patent in Washington, D.C. At that time, patents were granted for fourteen years, and he believed that instability in the tariff rates had prevented the invention from achieving its highest profits during the patent’s first term. Therefore George called upon Edson Fessenden, conservator of William Crompton’s estate, who gave George money to travel to Washington, D.C. to argue with the patent office. Despite George’s young age and lack of experience, the patent office listened to his arguments and renewed the patent.
A few years after taking over the business, in 1851, Crompton joined Merrill E. Furbush, and together they manufactured looms in a factory in Worcester, concentrating on “narrow looms” until 1857. However, in 1854, a fire burned down the entire factory, and the two men were advised to declare bankruptcy due to debt. They refused to do so, however, and instead asked every single creditor for an extension and drove through the countryside to collect money to pay back the debt. After successfully warding off creditors, the two moved their business to Grove Street in Worcester.
It was after the move in 1857 that Crompton began to produce his most important invention, the Crompton Loom.
Invention of the Crompton Loom.
In 1857, after spending six years on “narrow looms”, Crompton built and implemented a fast-operating broad fancy loom in an attempt to improve upon his father’s invention. This new loom had twenty-four harnesses and three boxes at each end, and it could reach speeds of up to eighty-five picks per minute, a pace that almost doubled what even the most efficient loom could reach prior to Crompton’s invention (forty-five picks per minute). As stated in an 1882 Los Angeles Times article, the Crompton Loom allowed mills to produce “cashmeres, fine flannels, fancy blankets, buggy robes, etc., and fancy colored stocking yarns”. His improvements on his father's loom reduced the labor required to run looms by one half, and made looms easier to maintain and repair while also making them easier and less expensive to build. In all, the Crompton Loom allowed workers to create sixty percent more on a loom that was less expensive and easier to sustain, thus making the process much more efficient.
The Crompton Loom evolved from multiple acquisitions of patents throughout the 1850s and 1860s. Furbush and Crompton held multiple other patents that improved the “narrow looms”, such as double reverse motion improvements. James Greenhalgh patented the first open-shed loom in 1852, but in 1857 the patent was found to be too close to William Crompton’s power fancy loom, and therefore the Greenhalgh Loom patent was disallowed. William Crompton’s patent expired the next year, and when it did, Crompton and Furbush purchased the rights to the Greenhalgh Loom, improved it in several ways, and called it the Crompton Loom. This 1857 version of the loom would improve again, however, until it became one of the best in the world at the Paris Exhibition in 1867, and later would become the standard fancy cotton loom of the United States (around 1870).
Two years after inventing his loom, Crompton broke his partnership with Furbush and formed Crompton Loom Works, which produced and marketed his loom. Since the invention benefited mills so much by making a tedious and expensive process easier with little cost, the Crompton Loom sold quite quickly and easily. This is proven by the fact that Crompton Loom Works produced and sold extraordinary amounts of Crompton looms during the Civil War, a time in which uniforms and blankets were needed in abundance. Since the American Civil War started in the early 1860s and the Crompton Loom was invented in 1857, one can say that the loom became an integral part of the textile industry quite soon after its invention.
Corporate and political ventures.
Due to the prolific nature of his product, Crompton received many offers from foreign firms to buy the rights to his product and act as a European distributor. A German firm run by the Schoenherr Brothers bought the rights to the Crompton loom and, contrary to the agreement, immediately cut off all contact with Crompton Loom Works. While the Brothers were supposed to pay fifty dollars in royalties per loom sold, Crompton never received any money. After numerous letters over a ten-year period, he traveled to Germany with a German lawyer to force the Schoenherr Brothers to pay. German courts were troubled by the fact that Crompton could not prove how many looms were manufactured in Germany, and when he tried to peer into the windows of the Schoenherr factory to count, German authorities arrested him on the grounds of breaking patent law. Crompton was quickly released and eventually won the case, yet he received almost no damage payment. Lawyers told him that the German courts would never side with a non-German. Because Crompton could not stop the Schoenherr Brothers, nothing prevented them from spreading his loom all throughout Europe, making it a standard and easily recreated technology.
Since he still made so much money in the domestic markets with the Crompton Loom Works, George Crompton had both the interest and the ability to invest in other Worcester corporations. He was founder and president of the Crompton Carpet Company, and paid over $200,000 upon the company’s failure in 1878. He was also on the board of directors of the Worcester Gas Light Company, the Worcester National Bank, and the Hartford Steam Boiler Insurance Company. These corporate ventures proved that, along with his innovative skill, Crompton could be a successful businessman.
Like many wealthy men of his time, Crompton was involved in politics. He was alderman in Worcester from 1863–1864, and was a member of the common council of Worcester in 1860-1861. Crompton ran for mayor of Worcester in 1871 as the Republican candidate, and his loss was one of the greatest hindrances to his personal and political goals. He still remained active in the town, however, and presented a speech at the dedication of the Soldiers’ Monument in 1874.
Personal life.
After much success selling his loom in the late 1850s and early 1860s, Crompton bought a dozen acres of land in Worcester surrounding and including an Elizabethan-style mansion called “Mariemont”, along with various other pieces of land throughout Worcester. He started a family, marrying Mary Christina Pratt in 1853, and had nine children who grew up in Mariemont. Although Crompton was technical and intellectual, he was also quite sociable. Mariemont always had guests, either friends of the nine children or friends of George and Mary. Besides being sociable, Crompton was also very learned. He enjoyed reading the many books he had in his libraries, and was said by some to be more learned than most men who had received a college education. He had a defined taste in art, loved to tell stories, and had a tendency to be adventurous. After living at Mariemont for nearly a quarter of a century, Crompton died at home on December 29, 1886.
Awards and recognition.
Crompton was recognized multiple times for his achievements in the textile industry. In 1867, he brought his looms to the Paris Exhibition, where he competed against similar technologies from Belgian, Saxon, English, Prussian, and French looms. According to a transoceanic telegram following the awards ceremony, Crompton’s looms won a silver medal, a great recognition at such a prestigious event. In addition, Crompton’s looms were present at the Centennial Exhibition in Philadelphia in 1876 where he received an award “for the best looms for fancy weaving on shawls, cassimeres, and satinets.” In 1920, the Worcester County Trust Company wrote a book called "Forty Immortals of Worcester and Its Country", in which Crompton appeared. For Worcester’s centennial celebration, the town included Crompton in a list of twenty-four men who the town felt represented Worcester. Crompton was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in 2007 because, according to the website, “Over his lifetime, George Crompton's inventive prowess revolutionized the textile industry.”
Legacy.
Besides producing over one hundred patents surrounding the improvement of his loom, Crompton left behind a legacy that members of the Worcester community easily recognized. He continued his father’s trend and successfully brought textile weaving to America from Britain. While Crompton lived in Worcester for the majority of his life, his impact could be felt throughout many New England towns; he brought areas formerly considered “pretty New England” towns into the forefront of the American Industrial Revolution. While Crompton’s humility kept him from becoming one of the most celebrated and written about inventors, his Crompton Loom was widely used in the United States for many years, and Crompton Loom Works, which became Crompton & Knowles in 1897, lasted well into the twentieth century. In fact, Crompton & Knowles existed until 1999, when it merged with Witco Corporation to form Crompton Corporation. In 2005, Crompton Corporation merged with Great Lakes Chemical Corporation to form Chemtura Corporation, the current manifestation of the original Crompton Loom Works.

</doc>
<doc id="20286398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286398" title="C. Harmon Brown">
C. Harmon Brown

C. Harmon Brown (c. 1930 – November 11, 2008) was an American endocrinologist who was a pioneer in the field of sports medicine. Dr. Brown's research studied the effects of rigorous exercise on women.
Brown graduated from Lafayette College in 1952, where he had been the conference champion in hurdling on three occasions and had set two college records, in the 120-yard high hurdles and 220-yard low hurdles. He was awarded his medical degree in 1956 from The George Washington University School of Medicine. He was chief of the medical service at the Veterans Administration hospital in Livermore, California and director of university health services at California State University, Hayward.
With female participation in scholastic sports increasing, Brown was quoted by "Time" magazine stating that many women may suffer sports injuries, but that "teachers are not equipped to show girls how to gradually improve their physical fitness and cut down on injuries". His research on women participating in athletics showed that different training techniques were needed by women, who he found were more loose jointed and more susceptible to certain injuries, such as dislocated shoulders. His works on the subject include the 1986 "The Menstrual Cycle and Physical Activity" and 1988's "Sport Science Perspectives for Women".
Dr. Brown researched the use of performance-enhancing drugs by athletes and served with the International Association of Athletics Federations and other organizations worldwide to develop antidoping standards. He started working with the Ladies Professional Golf Association in January 2008 on protocols for testing professional golfers for drug use.
Brown was a long-time college professor, spending four decades at the University of California, San Francisco. He coached athletes at all levels, including the international level, in track and field athletics events such as the discus throw, the javelin throw and the shot put. He was on the coaching staff of nine American international teams from 1967 to 1986, including United States teams at two Olympics and two Pan American Games.
Brown died at age 78 on November 11, 2008 of cancer. He had lived in San Mateo, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20286420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286420" title="Divya (rural locality)">
Divya (rural locality)

Divya () is a settlement in administrative jurisdiction of the town of Dobryanka in Perm Krai, Russia, located north-east of Perm. Population: 3,600 (1962).
It was established in 1950 as a settlement serving the construction of a railway station. It was granted urban-type settlement status on September 8, 1961. In 1997, it was demoted in status back to that of a rural locality.

</doc>
<doc id="20286443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286443" title="Joey's Case">
Joey's Case

"Joey's Case" is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1980s Rocksburg, a fictional, blue-collar, Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania, adjacent to Pittsburgh).
Mario Balzic is the protagonist, an atypical detective for the genre, a Serbo-Italian American cop, middle-aged, unpretentious, a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force. 
The novel opens with a former coal miner, Albert Castelucci, asking Balzic to investigate the killing of his son. He feels the state police in charge of the case have botched the investigation, but when Balzic begins, he finds more puzzles than he first expected.
It is the eighth book in the 17-volume Rocksburg series and was nominated for an Edgar Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20286496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286496" title="List of the Chief Justices of Patna High Court">
List of the Chief Justices of Patna High Court

The list shows incumbent and past Chief Justices of Patna High Court, the High Court of the state of Bihar. In Indian legal jurisdiction, High Courts are instituted as constitutional courts under the Indian Constitution.

</doc>
<doc id="20286503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286503" title="New Democratic Party of Manitoba candidates, 1995 Manitoba provincial election">
New Democratic Party of Manitoba candidates, 1995 Manitoba provincial election

The New Democratic Party of Manitoba ran a full slate of 57 candidates in the 1995 Manitoba provincial election, and elected 23 members to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba to remain as the official opposition. Several of the party's candidates have individual biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Brock Holowachuk (Fort Garry).
Brock Holowachuk is a senior planning officer with Manitoba Emergency Measures Organization. He previously worked with the provincial Office of the Fire Commissioner, and was involved in risk analysis and hazard assessment. He has coordinated provincial-federal activities related to the Council of the Federation, and has served as Secretary to Manitoba’s Security Subcommittee of Cabinet and the All Party Task Force on Security. He was president of Manitoba's Disaster Recovery Information Exchange in 2007-08, and has published several works on emergency planning. He has also taken a prominent role in devising strategies for the rescue and care of household pets. 
Holowachuk received 1,857 votes (15.05%) as a New Democratic Party candidate in 1995, finishing third against Progressive Conservative Party incumbent Rosemary Vodrey.

</doc>
<doc id="20286533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286533" title="Bogusław Pachelski">
Bogusław Pachelski

Club career.
Pachelski had a brief spell in the Turkish Super Lig with Adanaspor and six seasons in the Ekstraklasa with Lech Poznań.

</doc>
<doc id="20286542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286542" title="Astragalus monoensis">
Astragalus monoensis

Astragalus monoensis is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Mono milkvetch. It is endemic to the open pumice plains of central Mono County, California.
Description.
"Astragalus monoensis" is a rhizomatous perennial herb with stems growing partly underground and emerging to lie flat on the sand. The leaves are up to 3 centimeters long and are made up of several tiny oval-shaped leaflets. Stem and leaflets are hairy. 
The inflorescence is a cluster of 6 to 12 very pale pink to yellowish flowers, each around a centimeter long. The fruit is a legume pod, curved to bent in shape and drying to a papery, hairy texture. It is 1.5 to 2 centimeters in length and contains around 18 to 20 seeds in its two chambers.

</doc>
<doc id="20286564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286564" title="Parity problem">
Parity problem

The term parity problem may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20286573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286573" title="Miller Red Bare-un">
Miller Red Bare-un

The Miller Red Bare-Un was a single seat lightweight sporting monoplane built by Merle Miller in Georgia, USA. 
Design and development.
Construction began in June 1970 and was completed in May 1971, with the first flight in June of that year. The wings (of 75 sq. ft.) were constructed of Polyethylene terephthalate (dacron)-covered wood ribs and spars, with full span ailerons. The fuselage was of open (uncovered) 4130 steel tube construction. It had tricycle gear with the main gear steel leaf sprung. The engine was a Volkswagen air-cooled engine with a wooden tractor propeller mounted in line with the wing and above the pilot, similar to a "Demoselle." 
The total construction cost was $600. Empty weight was and max weight was . Max speed was , with the take-off and landing speed . The wing and tail surfaces were shaped in German World War I style, as was the paint scheme.
The single prototype was the only example produced. Plans are not available for sale.

</doc>
<doc id="20286596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286596" title="Kannamma">
Kannamma

Kannamma () is a 2005 Tamil language movie directed by S. S. Baba Vikram. Karunanidhi is famous for his dialogues in "Parasakthi", which saw the rise of Sivaji Ganesan as a Tamil superstar.Kannamma opens with a soliloquy on the people, the nation and the DMK patriarch's hopes for its future. But an inauspicious note is introduced with the mocking recitation of Subramania Bharati's famous lines addressed to "Kannamma".The film is peppered with messages on nationalism, caste and communal harmony. But it lacks the spellbinding effect of certain war films.
Plot.
The story is that of a rich medical student, Kannamma - played by Meena - who falls in love with Anandan (Premkumar) after he saves her from an acid attack by her driver, Babu (Karate Raja).
Anandan's friend Madan (Venkat) becomes Kannamma's ever-vigilant sentinel, risking his own marriage with Mala (Vindhya).
Kannamma comes to know of Anandan's martyrdom through TV. Her baby is disputed and she is brought before a village council. These scenes sorely test the viewer's intelligence.
With a new generation gradually taking over the party, octogenarian Karunanidhi's message perhaps lies in the two songs he has written, one of which is addressed to youth. The other song, "Iru vizhi mazhai", is sung by Vani Jayaram.

</doc>
<doc id="20286598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286598" title="W.W. Clyde Company">
W.W. Clyde Company

W.W. Clyde is a heavy civil construction firm based in Springville, Utah.
W.W. Clyde was founded in 1926 by Wilford W. Clyde, brother to George Dewey Clyde, who later became a Governor of Utah. The company began as a business focused on building roads, and now specializes in a variety of construction services, including building bridges and other structures, highways, pipelines, mining and mine reclamation, site development, and aggregate processing. It currently employs about 450 people.
Projects.
In the past, W.W. Clyde & Co. has completed many major projects: 
In 2008, W.W. Clyde constructed Segment 4 of the Legacy Parkway project, a freeway in Davis County. Segment 4 included eight structures and a pedestrian bridge, and was a $100 million project.
W.W. Clyde is a subsidiary of Clyde Companies, Inc, which also owns Geneva Rock, Sunroc, Gorge Rock, and Beehive Insurance.

</doc>
<doc id="20286621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286621" title="Astragalus nevinii">
Astragalus nevinii

Astragalus nevinii is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name San Clemente Island milkvetch. It is endemic to San Clemente Island, one of the Channel Islands of California. This is perennial herb growing upright 10 to 30 centimeters tall. It is coated in woolly, tangled hairs. Its leaves are up to 8 centimeters long and are made up of many oblong leaflets. The inflorescence is a dense cluster of up to 30 cream-colored flowers, each around a centimeter in length. The fruit is a hanging legume pod up to 2 centimeters long which is papery in texture and mostly hairless.

</doc>
<doc id="20286622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286622" title="2000 Las Piñas UFO incident">
2000 Las Piñas UFO incident

The 2000 Las Piñas UFO incident took place at on September 3, 2000. A businessman named Antonio Israel captured, on film, a number of UFOs over Las Piñas, Philippines. Israel says that the video details "up to 12 balls light bouncing in the clear night." The film was taken with a handycam and, though the entire video has not been released, Israel provided The Philippine Star with stills from the video.
Overview.
At 7:30pm on September 3, 2000, Antonio Israel woke up to "gauge the weather" when he spotted two large red objects in the night sky. The "red balls of light, which at times turned to white and yellow" were moving and dancing around the night sky. Intrigued, Israel took his video camera outside and started to film the objects in the sky. Neighbors of Israel pointed up at the sky and shouted in excitement. These shouts can be clearly heard on the video.
A seven-man team from the UN, led by Dr. Jean Chu viewed forty minutes of footage from Israel. The team asked Israel a lot of questions, some of them including movement of the objects, weather conditions, and physical or psychological effects of his neighbors or himself during the sightings. They also inspected his home and the locations from where the objects were witnessed, asking him if anything electronical or mechanical malfunctioned during the incident. Neither the United Nations Team nor the Philippine Weather Bureau drew conclusions from this evidence. Chu stated, "Maybe one can't really say when given just that footage to look at."
Skepticism.
Antonio Israel, the maker of the video, was originally concerned about authorities dismissing the objects in the video as planetary illusions, stating: "Some people may dismiss our claims as just a fruit of fertile imagination." Some time after the video was taken, an anonymous air traffic controller commented, "we have seen them [red balls of light before." He went on to add that he was on duty the night of September 3, and says that he witnessed the objects as well, though he did not log or take video of them. However, the air traffic controller declared that he was not competent enough to comment on the "small balls of fire" in the video itself.
The Air Transportation Office director, Jacinto Ortega Jr., said that he did not receive any reports from his air traffic controllers about any "so-called 'flying objects'." He also said that he did not find anything significant about the red balls of light, stating that there are "too many things that can be seen in the evening sky."

</doc>
<doc id="20286630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286630" title="Mining in Tajikistan">
Mining in Tajikistan

Tajikistan has rich deposits of gold, silver, and antimony. The largest silver deposits are in Sughd Province, where Tajikistan’s largest gold mining operation also is located. Russia’s Norilsk nickel company has explored a large new silver deposit at Bolshoy Kanimansur. More than 400 mineral deposits of some 70 different minerals have been discovered in Tajikistan, including strontium, tungsten, molybdenum, bismuth, salt, lead, zinc, fluorspar, and mercury. These minerals have been found suitable for mining. Uranium, an important mineral in the Soviet era, remains in some quantity but is no longer extracted. The Tajikistan Aluminium Company (TALCO), an aluminium smelter, is the country's only large-scale production enterprise in the mining sector. Tajikistan hosts the annual Mining World Tajikistan, an international exhibition on mining in Dushanbe.
History.
The mining industry reached a notable level in the 9th–11th centuries, visible by ancient mining openings and metallurgical operations. These are evident in the Karamazar Mountains' Mansura mine, in the Kondara Ore Gorge, the Koninukra Silver Mine, Pamir, Darvaza, Kukhilal, and the Lyadzhvardara Lazurite Gorge. The archaeologist Mikhail Evgenievich Masson explored early mining sites in the eastern Tajikistan mountains.
Rare metals were not mined in Tajikistan before the World War II. The output of concentrates of rare metals in 1943, however, exceeded that of 1941 by sixty times, and that of 1942 by ten times.
No copper, molybdenum, tungsten, or zinc has been produced in recent years and mining activity since the 1990s has been severely disrupted due to civil war and political conflict.
Mineral exports contribute substantially to the national economy of Tajikistan. According to the 2008 statistics of the World Bank, aluminium contributed about 50% to the national exchequer, with aluminium and cotton accounting for 9% of the gross domestic product.
Minerals.
Gold.
Gold mining in Tajikistan is significant to the world mineral market. According to estimates from the Tajik Academy of Sciences, gold deposits are estimated at 429.3 tonnes. Tajikistan’s largest gold mining operation is located in Sughd Province, with most gold being mined southeast of Gharm, in the Pamir Mountains, in the Yakhsu Valley, Chkalovsk, and Jilau. It has taken off since independence from Russia with of gold mined in 2000 compared to 1,100 in 1996. However, the Darvaz joint venture did exploit the gold from 1997 to 1999, because its equipment was severely damaged by conflict in the region. As of 2011, Tajikistan produces up to 1.3–1.5 tonnes of gold annually, with a significant investment from China, with Zijin Mining working in the country. In January 2011, according to geologist Azim Ibrokhim, two massive gold deposits were discovered, one in the centre of the country contains 118 tonnes and the other in the north, which is believed to have 59 tonnes of gold. Tajikistan plans to produce 2,441 kg of gold by the end of the year 2012.
Silver.
Proven silver reserves at Big Kon-i Mansur (کلان کان منصور) were determined during the Soviet era at about 50,000 tonnes, according to Tajikistan’s Main Directorate of Geology (MDG). That total equals about 49g of silver per tonne of ore. The same tonne contains 480g of lead and 380g of zinc. The deposit has 1 billion tonnes of ore. The silver deposit is the world’s second largest, according to the Tajik government. The world’s most productive silver mine is Cannington, a BHP Billiton property in Australia. However, Soviet-era projections took only the most conservative estimates into account, geologists say; the ore could be richer than the Soviet estimates.
Aluminium.
The Tajikistan Aluminium Company (TALCO; previously TadAZ, "Tajikistan Aluminium Smelter"), an aluminium smelter, is Tajikistan's only large-scale production enterprise in the mining sector, and runs one of the world's largest aluminium manufacturing plants, located in Tursunzade, in the country's western area. Its production capacity is reported to be 517,000 t/year (accounting for consumption of 40% of electrical energy generated in the country) and most of it is exported with only about 5000 t/year consumed within the country. As of 2006, the company was responsible for some 416,000 tonnes of aluminium in their ball mills, connected to two 500 kW 6 kV motors. Tajikistan’s extensive aluminium processing industry depends entirely on imported ore.
Uranium.
Uranium and graphite was formerly exploited by the Soviets, northeast of Khudzhand, but this industry has now diminished. At its peak, the industry produced approximately 170 tonnes of waste rock annually. The State Enterprise "Eastern Combine for Rare Metals" (SE Vostokredmet) has estimated that Tajikistan still has some 55 tonnes of uranium reserves remaining. Vostokredmet established a plant in Chkalovsk in 1945, known as the Leninabad Mining and Chemical Combine, now Industrial Association "Eastern Combine for Rare Metals" (IA Vostokredmet), and the centre of the uranium industry in the Tajik SSR until it ceased in 1992.
Other.
Mercury was mined at the Dzhizhikrutskoye deposit, north of Dushanbe. Antimony was extracted at Isfara and Dzhizhikrutskoye (2,000 tonnes in 2000); and arsenic, cadmium, tungsten, and lead-zinc in the Yuzhno-Yangikanskiy deposit, north of the Zeravshan River. Copper-bismuth, antimony-mercury, and lead-silver ores are also extracted. Antimony deposits are stated to be the largest in the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) region. Silver deposits have been reported from the northeastern region of Bol'shoy Kanimansur region, which are also considered as one of the largest in the world, apart from being the largest in CIS region. 
Rare metals reserves of gallium, germanium, indium, selenium, tellurium and thallium have been established; some amount of thallium was mined in the 1990s. Some of the rarer minerals are said to be located in the Zerafshan region. Northern Tajikistan has resources required for construction such as granite, limestone, marble and volcanic tuft. Coal extraction is also reported from Fan-Yagnon and Shurab areas.
Strontium deposits have been established in the southern region of Tajikistan in the Chilkultan and Davgir region and these deposits are in the process of commercial exploitation. Deposits of boron, sodium chloride, carbonates, fluorite, precious and semiprecious stones have also been reported. Among the Central Asian republics, Tajikistan ranks first in lead, zinc, and fluorspar resources.
Fossil fuels.
Natural gas is produced in the Gissar Valley and Vakhsh Valley, oil in both the north and south and brown coal is produced at Shurab in the Leninabad region. Coal exploitation in the country has been a major contributor to the national economy in recent years with output of hard coal increasing by 39% to 31,200 tonnes, and brown coal increasing by 70% to 15,200 tonnes. The bulk of foreign investment into Tajik mining activities derives from companies from Canada, United States, United Kingdom, Korea, Germany, Switzerland, Italy, Hungary and Russia, although compared to some of the other Asian countries, investment is extremely low due to the proximity of Tajikistan to Afghanistan and political barriers.
Waste management.
Heavy metals from mining can be harmful to the environment when left exposed, and failures to manage wastes may cause pollution. Wastes from the Anzob processing plant contain antimony, mercury, and sulfates. Wastes from the Adrasman plant contain cadmium, lead, and zinc. Wastes from the Leninabad rare metals plant contain cobalt, molybdenum, nickel, and tungsten. Wastes from the Takob smelter contain lead and zinc. Mining and heavy industry in the Ferghana Valley have contaminated the soil with toxic heavy metals.

</doc>
<doc id="20286655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286655" title="Hardt Regn">
Hardt Regn

Hardt Regn ("Hard Rain") is the third studio album by Norwegian hard rock group Skambankt. It was released on January 26, 2009.
The first single from the album, "Malin" was released on the band's MySpace account and several digital music stores in October 2008.
Background.
After the release of their 2007 album "Eliksir", which scored pretty good reviews and reached No. 8 on the Norwegian album charts, Skambankt toured for most of the year. At the end of the year, the band's frontman Ted Winters joined up with the other band he is a member of, Kaizers Orchestra, to record their new album "Maskineri". Skambankt announced that the band would take a break and the members would pursue separate projects until the fall of 2008.
Recording.
Reports of a new album in the works first surfaced sometime in mid-2008, on their now defunct website. No further information surfaced before September that year, when the band stated on their MySpace that they were indeed going back to the studio to record their third album in Bekk Studio, Nærland, Norway. The recording sessions started on September 9 and finished on September 27. Some recording also took place inside a church in the area near the studio, due to its "interesting acoustic qualities."
Release.
Shortly after the end of the recording sessions, the first single, "Malin", was released on their MySpace account and as a digital single in several digital audio webstores. The song was originally supposed to be featured on "Eliksir", but it was ultimately cut. Some other track titles like "Løgnprofitør" and "Vår Bør" were announced somewhere around the same time. In December 2008, the band released a video preview of the album on YouTube.
In January 2009, the band got together to shoot a video for the track "O Dessverre". The video was directed by Stian Kristiansen, the director of the popular Norwegian film "The Man Who Loved Yngve".
Later the same month, the band released the entire album on MySpace for previewing purposes. On January 26, the album was released on iTunes as well as Norwegian music retailers, both on regular CD and vinyl.
Track listing.
Lyrics for all songs are in the Norwegian language.

</doc>
<doc id="20286659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286659" title="George Miller House (Stehekin, Washington)">
George Miller House (Stehekin, Washington)

The George Miller House is a rustic log cabin near Stehekin, Washington in Lake Chelan National Recreation Area. The cabin was built in 1938 and continues to function as a residence.

</doc>
<doc id="20286670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286670" title="Croatia–Serbia genocide case">
Croatia–Serbia genocide case

The Application of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (Croatia v. Serbia) is a case set to be heard before the International Court of Justice.
The Republic of Croatia filed the suit against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia on July 2, 1999, citing Article IX of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. The application was filed for Croatia by American lawyer David Rivkin. With the transformation of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia into Serbia and Montenegro and the dissolution of that country in 2006, Serbia is considered its legal successor.
The Republic of Serbia counter-filed a genocide lawsuit against the Republic of Croatia on January 4, 2010. The application covers missing people, killed people, refugees, expelled people and all military actions and concentration camps with historical account of World War II persecution of Serbs committed by the Independent State of Croatia, puppet state of Nazi Germany, and Ustaše during World War II.
Both applications have a financial aspect, seeking compensation of damages. Opening arguments began on Monday 3 March 2014 and will last until 1 April 2014.
Croatia v. Serbia.
Croatia waited for the conclusion of the Bosnian Genocide Case against what was then Serbia and Montenegro before it proceeded with its own case. Sakib Softić, agent of Bosnia and Herzegovina in its case, has said that Croatia is in a much better position than his country was in its own court suit.
Preliminary objection.
The Federal Republic of Yugoslavia returned its preliminary objections on September 1, 2002. On November 18, 2008 the court decided on preliminary objections to the case filed by Serbia. The court ruled against Serbia's three objections to the case, while finding that one of these objections was not purely preliminary. Finally, the court decided that it had jurisdiction over the case. Croatia was represented at the proceedings by its justice minister, Ivan Šimonović. The decision made headlines in Croatia and Serbia, more poignantly due to the fact it was the anniversary of the fall of Vukovar in 1991 to Serb forces.
Serbian officials sought from Croatia to withdraw the lawsuit multiple times. Then President of Serbia Boris Tadić said that "Serbia considered in previous years, and still believes, that it is always better for all conflicts from wars during the 1990s to be solved in extra-judicial processes, through peaceful means, however, for such an approach of Serbia, partners on the other side are needed" and the Foreign Minister Vuk Jeremić said that "I think it would be better for Croatia for it to never come to this process. Our main goal and wish is not to sue each other, but to cooperate on the road towards EU integration, to build good neighborly relations, to solve problems which we have inherited." In November 2013 Serbia's Prime Minister Ivica Dačić reiterated a mutual withdrawals of lawsuits between the two countries.
Serbia v. Croatia.
Following the court ruling that it has the jurisdiction in Croatia's case, Serbian foreign minister Vuk Jeremić announced a plan to file a counter-suit against Croatia. The application was submitted on January 4, 2010. The document will include information on crimes committed against Serbs of Croatia in Gospić, Sisak, Pakrac, Karlovac, Osijek, Paulin Dvor and during the operations Flash, Storm and Medak Pocket. The lawsuit also covers all those victims murdered after the war as they tried to return to their homes they left as refugees. The lawsuit against Croatia contains a historical account, with a focus on World War II persecution of Serbs.
A public opinion poll in Serbia by "Blic" found that 69.7% of people supported a counter-suit, while 9.1% opposed it. The lawsuit has been opposed by the minor opposition Liberal Democratic Party whose leader said that "Serbia needs a smart foreign policy, which will not respond with a mistake to a mistake that was made in the last century by Croatia".
Serbia has repeatedly called for a mutual withdrawal of the genocide case as late as January 2014.
Relation to ICTY.
In the final verdict of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in the case of Prosecutor v. Gotovina et al. was an acquittal, some German media have speculated that this opens a possibility for Serbia to pay large reparations to Croatia. However, Serbian media pointed out that several main suspsects involved in the war such as Momčilo Perišić, Jovica Stanišić and Franko Simatović have also been acquitted by the ICTY, leading to speculation on pending likely the closure of Serbia's potential criminal responsibility.

</doc>
<doc id="20286672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286672" title="Sunshine Enemies">
Sunshine Enemies

Sunshine Enemies is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1980s Rocksburg, a fictional, blue-collar, Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania, adjacent to Pittsburgh).
Mario Balzic is the protagonist, an atypical detective for the genre, a Serbo-Italian American cop, middle-aged, unpretentious, a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force. 
The novel opens with a Lutheran minister complaining about a pornography ship that recently opened at the edge of town. Next a brutal knife murder happens in the shop's parking lot. All of this prompts Balzic the police chief to work the case, digging up reluctant witnesses and asking questions.
It is the ninth book in the 17-volume Rocksburg series.

</doc>
<doc id="20286688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286688" title="The Sign of the Chrysanthemum">
The Sign of the Chrysanthemum

The Sign of the Chrysanthemum is a 1973 work of children's literature that was the first published work by the U.S. novelist Katherine Paterson. The novel is set in 12th century Japan and tells the story of Muna, a 14-year-old who searches for his long-absent father following his mother’s death.
Summary.
Muna has never seen his father and only knows that he is a chrysanthemum tattoo on his shoulder. He meets a likable ronin named Takanobu on a ship, which Muna was hiding on. Later on, after Muna and Takanobu leave the ship, they are in the city and go exploring. Muna loses track of Takanobu and gets lost, but the two later reunite. As Takanobu takes care of Muna, he finds him a job cleaning stables. But one New Year's Eve, a fire occurs at the Red Dog where Takanobu met Muna and sent him to do an errand. On the errand, someone tells him that a man named "Plum Face", who person Muna knew is dead. He is also told that Takanobu is "dead". 
Muna faints from the noxious fumes of the fire and is badly burnt. Later, a man named Fukuji, who is the master swordsmith of the capital, finds Muna. Muna stays with Fukuji, doing house chores and other "women's work". One day when Muna is outside, he sees a man dressed as a monk who seems to be following exactly what he does. When Muna pulls a trick on the man, he finds out that he is Takanobu. Takanobu is happy to see Muna again and asks him to do one favor. Takanobu wants Muna to steal a sword from Fukuji and give it to him. He convinces Muna to give him the sword by saying that he is Muna's father.
But when Muna brings the sword to Takanobu, he says he will not give it to Takanobu unless he says he is Muna's father. When Takanobu doesn't answer, Muna attacks. Muna runs away to the woods and buries the sword in front of a neglected shrine. At the same time, Fukuji, who has woken up, wonders where Muna has gone. Suddenly, a visitor comes to Fukuji and tells him that he is Muna's father. Fukuji realizes that the visitor is Takanobu. When Takanobu claims that he is Muna's father, Muna must choose between fulfilling his "father's" wishes and proving his loyalty to Fukujii.

</doc>
<doc id="20286694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286694" title="Aglais milberti">
Aglais milberti

Milbert's Tortoiseshell ("Aglais milberti"), also known as the Fire-rim Tortoiseshell, is the only species of "Aglais" that occurs in North America.
Description.
The wingspan is between 4.2 and 6.3 cm and the forewing's tips are squared off. The upperside is black with wide orange submarginal bands; this orange slightly fades to yellow near the inner edge. Both wings have narrow black marginal borders; the hindwing may have blue spots.
Behaviour.
This is a quick species that flits rapidly around woodland roads. When it lands it may open its wings, often on trees or rocks.
Range and habitat.
Milbert's Tortoiseshell's range includes all of Canada and Alaska south of the tundra, all of the western United States and most of the eastern United States. In these areas they commonly occur in wet areas, including moist pastures, marshes, most trails, and roadsides.
Life cycle.
There are two broods from May to October. During this time adults mate and lay eggs. The female will lay her eggs in bunches of up to 900 individuals on the underside of the host plant's leaves. Early-instar caterpillars eat together in a web, but later instars feed alone. They hibernate as adults, often in small congregations. Adults have been known to mate in low-elevation watercourses in arid regions.

</doc>
<doc id="20286718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286718" title="Astragalus nutans">
Astragalus nutans

Astragalus nutans is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Providence Mountains milkvetch.
Distribution.
It is endemic to the Mojave Desert of eastern California, where it was named for the local Providence Mountains in the Mojave National Preserve.
Description.
"Astragalus nutans" is a small annual or perennial herb growing patchlike and low to the ground or erect to a maximum height near 15 centimeters. Its leaves are a few centimeters long and are made up of several narrow oval-shaped leaflets. Stem and leaves are coated thinly in rough hairs. 
The inflorescence bears 6 to 10 pinkish purple flowers with pale petal tips. The fruit is an inflated legume pod up to 2.5 centimeters long. It dries to a thin papery texture and contains many seeds in its single chamber.

</doc>
<doc id="20286729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286729" title="Jrue Holiday">
Jrue Holiday

Jrue Randall Holiday (born June 12, 1990) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for one season at UCLA before entering the NBA.
High school.
Holiday attended Campbell Hall School in Studio City, California and was ranked as one of the best college recruits in the nation in the class of 2008. He was ranked #2 in the nation by Rivals.com and #4 by Scout.com.
He played on the varsity basketball team all four years of high school. As a senior he was named the 2008 Gatorade Player of the Year. In his senior year he averaged 25.9 ppg, 11.2 rpg, 6.9 apg and 4.8 spg and lead Campbell Hall to a 31–5 record and the California Division IV state title over Cardinal Newman High School. Holiday was selected as a 2008 McDonald's All-American where he scored 14 points and had five rebounds, five steals and three assists for the West Team. He also participated in the 2008 Jordan Brand Classic.
College.
In July 2007 Holiday committed to play basketball at UCLA, where he was recruited and later coached by head coach Ben Howland. He chose UCLA over Washington.
Holiday had 11 points in his first career regular season game in a December 4, 2008 win over Prairie View A&M. Despite being a natural point guard, Holiday started at shooting guard with senior (and New Orleans Hornets 2009 1st round draft pick) Darren Collison starting at point guard.
NBA career.
Holiday was drafted 17th overall by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 2009 NBA Draft. He became the team's starting point guard in March of the 2009–10 season. When Louis Williams returned from injury, Holiday lost his starting job for a few games, but since the Sixers kept losing, Holiday regained the starting job, and kept it for the rest of the season. On April 3, 2010, Holiday scored a career high 25 points against the Toronto Raptors. He finished the game with 25 points, 7 assists and two steals.
On November 5, 2010, Holiday beat his career-high, scoring 29 points against the Cleveland Cavaliers. On February 2, 2011, Holiday recorded his first career triple-double, with an 11 point, 10 rebound, 11 assist win over the New Jersey Nets. 
On March 17, 2012, Holiday scored a then career-high 30 points in a loss against the Chicago Bulls. He achieved another career high on November 25, 2012 against the Phoenix Suns, recording 33 points along with 13 assists. He recorded his second career triple-double on January 2, 2013, also against the Phoenix Suns. On January 24, 2013, Holiday was selected to his first All Star game as a reserve guard. On January 26, 2013, he scored a new career high, 35 points, against the first place New York Knicks. On March 16, 2013, he scored 20 points in the first half in a winning effort against the Indiana Pacers. 
On July 12, 2013, he was traded to the New Orleans Pelicans in exchange for Nerlens Noel and the Pelicans' 2014 first-round draft pick. His season ended prematurely in 2013–14 after season-ending surgery in February 2014 for a stress fracture in his right tibia. He had not played since January 8 because of the shin injury. He had played 34 games, averaging 14.3 points, 7.9 assists, and 1.6 steals per game.
Personal.
His older brother, Justin, is also a professional basketball player. His younger brother, Aaron, attends Campbell Hall School. His younger sister, Lauren, attends UCLA.
In July 2013, Holiday married United States women's national soccer team midfielder Lauren Cheney. The two first met and began dating in 2008 while they were both attending UCLA.

</doc>
<doc id="20286730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286730" title="Azzam Publications">
Azzam Publications

A publishing house based in London, United Kingdom, Azzam Publications has been accused by the authorities of being ""part of a conspiracy to provide material support and communications links to people engaged in terrorism"" by authorities.
History.
After the death of Abdullah Azzam, the publishers formed a group with the intent of publishing and spreading his militant ideology and related paramilitary manuals through print and Internet media.
The publishing house operated from a London post office box ("Azzam Publications — BMC UHUD, LONDON, WC1N 3XX") and an Internet site, www.azzam.com, that was shut down shortly after the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Babar Ahmad, the administrator of "Azzam Publications", was extradited from the United Kingdom to the United States. In December 2013, he pleaded guilty to "conspiracy and providing material to support to terrorism" in a New Haven, Connecticut court.

</doc>
<doc id="20286755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286755" title="Louis Theophiel Duerinck">
Louis Theophiel Duerinck

Louis Theophiel Duerinck (August 1929 – November 9, 2008) was an executive with the Chicago and North Western Transportation Company (C&NW). He is best known for leading the lawsuit that allowed the railroad to access the Powder River Basin.
Duerinck was born to Belgian immigrants in Chicago, grew up in Riverside, and graduated from Fenwick High School in 1947. He then went to the University of Notre Dame for just one year, and finished getting both his Bachelor's and law degrees from DePaul University.
From 1952 to 1955, Duerinck was a lieutenant in the United States Army Judge Advocate General's Corps stationed at Fort Sheridan.
In 1956 Duerinck was hired as a commerce lawyer for the New York Central Railroad in Chicago. He served in the same capacity for the C&NW beginning in 1965.
During the 1970s and 1980s, Duerinck was Senior Vice President of Law and Real Estate. His most notable accomplishment was a 10-year litigation against the Burlington Northern Railroad for trackage rights into the Powder River Basin.
Duerinck retired in 1989. He moved to Glen Ellyn, Illinois in 2007 and died in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20286758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286758" title="Marc Anthony (footballer)">
Marc Anthony (footballer)

Marc Anthony (born 28 March 1978) is a British footballer who last played for Australian club Cockburn City.
Career.
Marc began his career with Celtic, but only made one first team appearance before playing for Scottish lower league clubs Forfar and Berwick. He then moved to Australia where he first played for Football West State League team ECU Joondalup before joining the Stirling Lions. In November 2008 he joined A-League outfit Perth Glory. In 2010 he joined Cockburn City and won the WA State League player of the year for the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20286766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286766" title="Tatsuro Hagihara">
Tatsuro Hagihara

Club statistics.
Last updated: 24 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20286769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286769" title="Correlation inequality">
Correlation inequality

A correlation inequality is any of a number of inequalities satisfied by the correlation functions of a model. Such inequalities are of particular use in statistical mechanics and in percolation theory.
Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="20286795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286795" title="List of Tiny Toon Adventures characters">
List of Tiny Toon Adventures characters

The "Tiny Toon Adventures" animated television series features an extensive cast of characters. The show's central characters are mostly various forms of anthropomorphic animals, each one based on a different Looney Tunes character (with the exception of Arnold the Pit Bull). In the series, the characters attend a school called Acme Looniversity, set in the cartoon community of Acme Acres.
Main characters.
Buster Bunny.
Buster Bunny (voiced by Charlie Adler, later by John Kassir) is the main character of the show along with Babs Bunny. Buster is a young, blue and white male rabbit with a red shirt and white gloves. On several instances in the show, Buster has indicated that Bugs Bunny is his mentor. In the last episode, "It's a Wonderful Tiny Toon Christmas Special", Babs states that Buster is indeed her boyfriend. Charlie Adler was Buster's voice actor until the end of season 3, when he was replaced by John Kassir. Buster resembles the intrepid and intelligent side of Bugs Bunny, sometimes being incredibly ingenious compared to his mentor.
Babs Bunny.
Babs Bunny (voiced by Tress MacNeille) is the second main character alongside Buster Bunny. Babs' full name is Barbara Anne Bunny but she dislikes being addressed by it. Babs is a young, female pink rabbit with a yellow shirt, violet skirt, and violet bows. On plenty of occasions, she can change her attire by spinning around and she can also do impressions of celebrities including Mae West and Jessica Rabbit. In an episode of Animaniacs, she and Buster arrive to a party and Buster affirms in the reception "Buster and Babs Bunny, no relation", implying that after the end of the series, they remain as boyfriend and girlfriend. She represents the crazy and maniac side of Bugs Bunny, though in "Fields of Honey" it is also revealed she drew inspiration from Honey, the girlfriend of the early Looney Tunes character Bosko. Her constant changes of attire and her imitations of fellow characters is a homage to the tendency of Bugs Bunny to disguise himself to fool other characters.
Plucky Duck.
Plucky Duck (voiced by Joe Alaskey at his "normal" age, Nathan Ruegger as a baby) is a young, green male duck in a white tank top. Much like his Looney Tunes counterpart and idol, Daffy Duck, he is portrayed as greedy, selfish and egotistical, often engaging in various schemes with the goal of personal glory. Plucky is friends with Hamton J. Pig and Buster Bunny (although he frequently annoys Buster, again much like Daffy does with Bugs).
Hamton J. Pig.
Hamton J. Pig (voiced by Don Messick) is a young, pink male pig with blue overalls. Based on Porky Pig, Hamton's role in the series is as a straight man, often against Plucky's antic. The only difference is that Hamton never stutters much like his mentor and idol, Porky. Hamton is also shown as being obsessed with cleanliness, as well as being an over-eater.
Elmyra Duff.
Elmyra Duff (voiced by Cree Summer) is a redheaded girl. She wears a blue blouse, a white skirt, black Mary Janes over white socks and a blue bow with a skull at the center. Based on Elmer Fudd, she is a total role reversal of Elmer; instead of hunting animals, she cares for them to selfish lengths. and falling into the stereotype of the "spoiled and piercing-voiced girl." She is one of the few human characters in the series, and like the animal characters, she attends Acme Looniversity where she also serves as the nurse to the point of sometimes duplicating herself like in "The Acme Bowl" where two Elmyras are skipping happily carrying injured players off the football field in the game against Perfecto Prep. 
Elmyra is obsessed with having animals as pets, and will chase them or trap them in order to take them to her house.
She makes a few appearances in Animaniacs and starred along with Pinky and the Brain in a spinoff, Pinky, Elmyra and the Brain.
Montana Max.
Montana Max (voiced by Danny Cooksey), often nicknamed "Monty," or "Max" is a young, brown-haired boy. Based on Yosemite Sam, he is bad-tempered, loud-mouthed, money-hungry tycoon. Like Elmyra, he is a human and attends Acme Looniversity. He is portrayed as a very wealthy character, living in a mansion and not having any friends, just a stubborn little boy. However, he does have a very rarely ever shown sweet side and has at least once been shown to have a good imagination. Elmyra likes Monty a lot, though he usually feels nothing but annoyance towards her. Monty is shown to be an only child and was the very first villain of the series as seen in the pilot episode.
Fifi La Fume.
Fifi La Fume (voiced by Kath Soucie) is a young, purple and white female skunk with a pink bowed ribbon in her hair. Based on Pepé Le Pew, she shares his character traits of having a French accent and seeking romance, only to find the object of her affection repulsed by her odor. She lives in a striped 1959 Cadillac in a wreck yard.
Gogo Dodo.
Gogo Dodo (voiced by Frank Welker) is a young, green male dodo with blue shoes, and a pink and purple umbrella sticking out from the top of his head. Gogo is noted for performing various bizarre sight gags or stunts. Unlike the other characters who attend Acme Looniversity, Gogo made his home in the Daliesque realm known as Wackyland, a surreal land where backgrounds changed constantly and the entrance to which was located across a bridge on the outskirts of the city of Acme Acres, the usual setting of "Tiny Toon Adventures".
According to series writer Paul Dini, Gogo is the only member of the "Tiny Toon Adventures" cast who was a direct relative of one of the Looney Tunes characters; He was the son of the original dodo from the 1938 Looney Tunes cartoon "Porky in Wackyland".
Shirley McLoon.
Shirley "the Loon" McLoon, a female waterfowl, is a citizen of Acme Acres featured in "Tiny Toon Adventures".
Shirley is one of the few characters of the show not directly inspired by an existing Looney Tunes character. Although she seems reasonably intelligent, she speaks with a thick Valley girl accent and is obsessed with superficial New Age paraphernalia. Her name is derived from fellow New Age aficionado Shirley MacLaine, while the latter part of the name is an obvious pun. More often than not, characters refer to Shirley as "Shirley the Loon" rather than "Shirley McLoon." She appears not to notice the negative connotations of the nickname, and, in fact, the mantra she recites while meditating is "Oh, what a loon I am. Oh, I'm a loon." Shirley is often pursued romantically by Plucky Duck and Fowlmouth. When not meditating or fortune-telling, Shirley hangs out with her Acme Looniversity classmates Babs Bunny and Fifi La Fume. She also appears to be a skilled sorceress, as in one episode, she used her powers to give Plucky the IQ of Einstein to help him ace a test.
In "Love Disconnection", while attending a high school dance, Shirley gets doused with red punch (driving her into a tranquil fury as seen in the movie "Carrie"), then proceeds to flood the gym with her telekinetic powers.
Despite her annoyance with Plucky, Shirley does seem to care for him and does date him on occasion.
Shirley is a keen ballerina who has to face prejudice when attending an upmarket ballet school otherwise attended exclusively by Perfecto Prep swans. Jealous at her superior dance skills, they mock her accent and try to sabotage her performance at their recital, but are soon thwarted by Shirley's nimble moves and a behind-the-scenes Babs, staging a sabotage of her own.
Shirley is voiced by Gail Matthius.
Furrball.
Furrball (voiced by Frank Welker) is a young, blue male cat with a hole on his right ear and a bandage on his tail. Furrball is usually depicted as living in a cardboard box in an alleyway, although other times he is shown as one of Elmyra's pets and briefly had a home with Mary Melody. He is often a quite peaceful and innocent character, but he is also one of the most unfortunate characters in the show, since he is almost always chased, abused or bullied, often by being squashed. For example, during the intro credits, he gets squashed flat by a falling piano. He is less anthropomorphic in nature than the other animal characters, generally walking on all fours and almost always a mute, except for typical cat sounds. He is based on Sylvester as well as Penelope Pussycat. 
He is based on Sylvester by chasing Sweetie Pie who is based on Tweety. Unlike Sylvester, he rarely speaks. Therefore he mostly resembles the Sylvester in the Chuck Jones cartoons, who is silent. He is also based on Penelope Pussycat as he is chased by a romantic skunk, Fifi La Fume (who is based on Pepé Le Pew). In one of these speaking roles ("Cinemaniacs"), he was voiced by Rob Paulsen in a mockup of Leonard McCoy from "Star Trek".
Dizzy Devil.
Dizzy Devil (voiced by Maurice LaMarche) is a young, purple male Tasmanian Devil with a yellow beanie, as well as one pink eye and one green eye. He is also crosseyed. He is based on Taz, and like him, spins around in circles and eats constantly. Also like Taz, his speech is generally monosyllabic or composed of random noises. Dizzy is also adored and sometimes accompanied by a trio of young ladies, who often make the other guys, even Montana Max, go crazy.
Dizzy meets the young ladies in an episode where Dizzy fell in love with a little tornado, thinking that is another Tasmanian Devil, but when the tornado leaves the city, Dizzy fall depressed and then the trio of young ladies got moved and decide to pet him. 
Sweetie Pie.
Sweetie Pie (voiced by Candi Milo) is a young, pink female canary with a light blue bowed ribbon in her hair. She is based on Tweety Bird, and is regularly pursued by Furrball as Tweety is pursued by Sylvester. Sweetie's pink coloring, devious grin, and mean-spirited personality seem to be a throwback to Tweety's early appearances. In one of her appearances, she is shown to be cared for by an eagle, that at the beginning thought that she was also an eagle, only to find out that she was indeed too maniac and dangerous to care of. In some instances, she switches from her baby-ish voice to a louder, more obnoxious voice.
Calamity Coyote.
Calamity Coyote (voiced by Frank Welker) is a young, gray male coyote with pink high tops. He is based on Wile E. Coyote. Calamity never speaks, instead communicating through noises and through signs which he pulls out from behind his back. Calamity is also shown to be scientifically proficient, constructing random devices for the other characters. He also pursues Little Beeper unsuccessfully. Like Wile E. Coyote, Calamity's devices also frequently malfunction, although not nearly as frequent as his mentor and some were actually successes where Wile E. Coyote has far fewer to his name. He is also slightly less antagonistic toward Beeper, preferring to work on his various inventions to chasing after the young roadrunner.
Little Beeper.
Little Beeper (voiced by Frank Welker) is a young roadrunner with red and orange feathers and gray sneakers. Much like his Looney Tunes counterpart, Road Runner, Beeper spends most of his time outrunning and dodging the efforts put into capturing him by Calamity Coyote. Unlike the Road Runner, Beeper was able to laugh & make other sounds, but he doesn't speak.
Supporting characters.
Li'l Sneezer.
Li'l Sneezer (voiced by Kath Soucie), based on the classic animated mouse Sniffles from the Looney Tunes shorts, is a young, gray male mouse who wears a diaper. Sneezer is shown to be talkative, like Little Blabbermouse, as well as allergic to many objects. His allergies trigger exaggerated, explosive, gale-forced sneezes capable of seriously damaging or destroying buildings as Elmyra had the misfortune of finding out. He is the youngest of the students at Acme Loo, as he is the only one seen wearing diapers.
Arnold the Pit Bull.
Arnold the Pit Bull (voiced by Rob Paulsen) is a white, muscular, male pit bull with a pair of black sunglasses, parodying Arnold Schwarzenegger. He is one of the few characters who does not attend Acme Looniversity. Arnold is shown as having various jobs, including lifeguard, doorman, zoo-keeper, security guard, bouncer, and gym owner. He hails from Romania, mentioned in the episode "It's Buster Bunny Time" and that he should move back there because it is safer, which explains his strong accent. His love interest is another white muscular pit bull interestingly named "Arnolda".
Byron Basset.
Byron Basset (voiced by Frank Welker) is a brown, black and white male basset hound, generally portrayed as being slow and lazy. He is based on Barnyard Dawg. One sight gag involves him turning around: to do so, he pulls his head and tail inside the folds of his body, and out the other side. He is also shown to be capable of flight, seen in the Tiny Toons movie "How I Spent My Summer Vacation", using his stretchy skin to glide on a waft of air. Byron is sometimes shown to be one of Elmyra's pets as well.
Byron's end tag is a simple "Woof!".
Fowlmouth.
Fowlmouth (voiced by Rob Paulsen) is a young, white male rooster with a blue, short-sleeved shirt. He is based on Foghorn Leghorn, though speaking in a New Yorker accent as opposed to a Southern United States accent. Fowlmouth is shown to be very polite when in his calm demeanor, but when his short temper is provoked, he launches into a bleeped-out swearing tirade. In his first appearance, he was even shown to pepper "all" of his sentences with profanity, but curbs this when children are around. But other appearances show him using euphemisms instead, likely due to Buster's efforts to train him out of swearing in his premiere episode. His general profane word used in all other appearances is "Dadgum".
Mary Melody.
Mary Melody (voiced by Cathy Cavadini in her debut episode "Cross-Country Kitty", and Cree Summer in all other appearances) is a young, female, African-American human. Her name is a parody of Merrie Melodies and based on Granny. As with the other human characters in the series, she attends Acme Looniversity. Melody sometimes hangs out with Babs, Shirley and Fifi. Mary has a sweet disposition with almost everybody and is also a bit more realistic about her surroundings than her human counterparts. She also prefers to blend in to her surroundings and with her peers rather than kick them out like Montana Max or squeeze them to death like Elmyra Duff (also voiced by Cree Summer). Mary lives in an apartment building in the city of Acme Acres.
Bookworm.
Bookworm is a green male worm with large glasses. He is based on the bookworm companion of Sniffles. He works at the Acme Looniversity library and is shown to be well-read, as well as proficient on the computer. In some scenes, he is pursued by Sweetie. Bookworm does not speak. He does, however, say something just before the football game in Buster Busts Loose on the SNES.
Concord Condor.
Concord Condor (voiced by Rob Paulsen) is a young, purple male condor. He attends Acme Looniversity and lives in Acme Acres. He is based on Beaky Buzzard. Concord Condor is shown to be shy and dimwitted, often ending sentences in "nope nope nope nope" or "yup yup yup yup". He lives at Acme Zoo, where he spends most of his time relaxing in his nest and watching TV.
Barky Marky.
Barky Marky (voiced by Frank Welker) is a young, brown and tan male dog. He is based on the Looney Tunes character Marc Antony. Barky Marky is portrayed as a typical canine who loves to play fetch as well as various other sports and activities. Even though Barky starred in his very own short entitled "Go Fetch" with Elmyra Duff, as well as making many cameo appearances on other episodes, appearing in the special "Tiny Toon Adventures: Spring Break Special" and the movie "Tiny Toon Adventures: How I Spent My Vacation", Barky Marky was still referenced and mocked for his lack of appearances on the Saturday Night Live spoof "Weekday Afternoon Live". When Buster Bunny is reading the news out loud from the viewers complaining about him not being in enough episodes, Babs Bunny, posing as a Tiny Toons casting director, asks "Who's Barky Marky?"
Looney Tune characters.
Acme Looniversity Staff.
The faculty of Acme Looniversity are classic Looney Tunes characters that some of the students are based on:
Other Looney Tunes characters.
The following characters have made occasional appearances in this show:
Minor characters.
Tyrone Turtle.
Tyrone Turtle (voiced by Edan Gross) is a little green male turtle with a hard shell, based on Cecil Turtle, a minor Looney Tunes character. Tyrone Turtle is seen in a few episodes such as "Hare Today, Gone Tomorrow", and "The Wide World of Elmyra".
Marcia the Martian.
Marcia the Martian (voiced by Tress MacNeille) is the young female apprentice of Marvin the Martian, and she only appears in one segment, "Duck Dodgers Jr.
Roderick and Rhubella Rat.
Roderick and Rhubella Rat are minor characters and students from Perfecto Prep, a rival school of Acme Looniversity. Roderick and Rhubella are rivals of Buster Bunny and Babs Bunny, and voiced by Charles Adler and Tress MacNeille respectively, who also voice Buster and Babs. They are portrayed as snooty, rich brats who believe they are above everyone else, but always get outdone and outsmarted by the bunny duo.
Danforth Drake and Margot Mallard.
Danforth Drake and Margot Mallard (voiced by Rob Paulsen and Kath Soucie), like Roderick and Rhubella Rat, are minor characters and students of Perfecto Prep. Danforth Drake and Roderick Rat are roommates, and both are members of Perfecto Prep's Sports Teams. Both Rubella Rat and Margot Mallard are two of the three quite unenthusiastic cheerleaders for Perfecto Prep.
Banjo Possum.
Banjo Possum (voiced by Rob Paulsen) is one of the minor characters on the show. He first appeared in the movie.
Banjo Possum is voiced by Rob Paulsen. Banjo is a young, gray and white opossum with blue overalls, a brown and red hat and a banjo. He attends Acme Looniversity and lives in the swamps and backwoods with his kin folk. He is roughly based on the character Lonnie from the movie "Deliverance".
Witch Sandy.
Witch Sandy (voiced by Sally Struthers) is a witch based on Witch Hazel, and had a one-time appearance on the show in a parody of Hansel and Gretel. She lived in a house made out of carrot cake and drew the attention of Buster and Babs. She tried to use the two in a recipe like Hazel, turning Babs into a real rabbit and summoning her cutlery to try and kill Buster, but she got turned into a goldfish. Sandy wears a cute disguise, but she is actually as hideous looking as Hazel.
Saul Sheepdog.
Saul Sheepdog is a blueish green sheepdog puppy based on Sam Sheepdog. He makes cameo appearances in a few episodes such as "The Acme Bowl" and the short "Duck Trek" (parody of "Star Trek") from the episode "Cinemaniacs".
Chewcudda.
Chewcudda (voiced by Frank Welker) is a bull and a minor character on the show. He only appeared in one episode, "A Quack in the Quarks", a parody of "Star Wars". Chewcudda was a parody of Chewbacca, except he is a bull and not a wookiee like Chewbacca. He is based on the Looney Tunes character Toro the bull from "Bully for Bugs".
The Wackyland Rubber Band.
The Wackyland Rubber Band is what the name implies, a band of animorphic rubber bands that are residents of Wackyland. Capable of shaping themselves into various instruments from drums to horns, this lively quartet can play almost anything and is usually featured in large or important events, such as the halftime show of the football game in "The Acme Bowl" or the source of the music at the junior prom in "Prom-ise Her Anything". (They first appear in "Dough For the Do-Do", a late 40s color remake of "Porky in Wackyland")
Lightning Rodriguez.
Lightning Rodriguez is a rejected mouse character based on Speedy Gonzales. Despite this, he actually made 2 appearances on the show; one was in "The Acme Bowl", where he is seen singing with the other 'Tiny Toons' around a campfire at night before playing against Perfecto Prep. His other appearance is in the episode "You Asked for It", where Plucky displays a machine that shows which character the fans want to see (Rodriguez is one of the characters that passes by on the machine's screen).
Patmay K. Pig.
Patmay K. Pig (voiced by Debi Derryberry and Kath Soucie in "Buster and Babs Go Hawaiian") is a pink female pig based on Petunia Pig. She wears an Acme Looniversity cap when she goes to school. She usually wears a green blouse and a pink skirt. She has brown pig tails with pink matching bows on. She appeared at the beginning of "Buster and Babs Go Hawaiian", when Hamton starred in his segment, which got interrupted by Buster and Babs.
Egghead Jr..
Egghead Jr. is a one shot character who greatly resembles Elmer Fudd, (who himself had evolved from an earlier character named Egghead). In "Plucky's Dastardly Deed", he is "the smartest kid in class", whom Plucky aims to swap tests with. "Egghead Jr." also appears in "Hog Wild Hamtom", but this time is redrawn as the actual Egghead Jr. baby chick from the Foghorn Leghorn series.
Julie Bruin.
Julie Bruin (voiced by Julie Brown) is an attractive anthropomorphic female bear and a caricature/parody of her voice actress Julie Brown, who appears in the episode ""Tiny Toon Music Television"" in a segment called ""Just Say Julie Bruin"" which is a parody of Brown's MTV Music Video show Just Say Julie.

</doc>
<doc id="20286801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286801" title="Lawrence Woodmere Academy">
Lawrence Woodmere Academy

Lawrence Woodmere Academy, also known as "LWA," and "Woodmere Academy," is an independent school located in Woodmere, New York, United States. It is accredited by the New York State Association of Independent Schools and the New York State Board of Regents.
History.
The history of Lawrence Woodmere Academy began more than a century ago with the founding of Lawrence Country Day School in 1891 and Woodmere Academy in 1912. The 1990 merger of these two respected schools resulted in the strongest source for independent secondary education on the south shore of Long Island. The blended alumni community continues to give back to the school that enthusiastically carries on their vibrant legacies and traditions.
The founders of Woodmere Academy adopted a motto of Disce Servire, "Learn to Serve." When Woodmere Academy and Lawrence Country Day School merged, this motto was expanded to Veritas, Integritas, Servitium, "Truth, Integrity, Service," reflecting the values of all students and preserving the strong traditions. Students internalize the values of this motto through leadership programs, community service, participation on teams, and the opportunity to question and discuss the world around them.
A strong sense of belonging is the cornerstone of the Lawrence Woodmere Academy experience. The students come from all parts of Long Island, Brooklyn, and Queens, as well as countries abroad. A microcosm of the world at its best, the students see themselves as a family, appreciating one another's individual qualities. This collaborative spirit extends to the parents, whom are valued as partners in their children's education, and to the trustees, whose dedicated governance and work behind the scenes strengthens this school. Only 20 miles from Midtown Manhattan, LWA's beautiful seven-acre campus in Woodmere holds a world of opportunities for all who attend.
Mission.
Lawrence Woodmere Academy is a premier college preparatory school for students, families and educators who embrace quality education with shared priorities, passions and commitment in an environment that values wisdom and nurtures personal, community and global responsibility.
LWA is dedicated to the following ideas that define the school's identity and mission:

</doc>
<doc id="20286804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286804" title="Woodstock District Community Complex">
Woodstock District Community Complex

The Woodstock District Community Complex is considered to be the social epicentre of the Canadian community of Woodstock, Ontario.
Summary.
This facility is the host of Woodstock Navy-Vets hockey games from November to April and community events year-round for the general public as well as private organizations. Besides two ice rinks, the complex also hosts the Woodstock Gymnastics Club, a banquet hall, and an extension site for Fanshawe College. A Woodstock Sports Wall of Fame is also prominently displayed in the building's main foyer; displaying the local elite of the sporting world. The facility is run by the City of Woodstock.
One of the most recent major events using this community centre was the provincial qualifying rounds for the 2009 Tim Hortons Brier (also known as the 2009 TSC Stores Tankard). The competition took place place from February 2 to February 8. The tournament attracted the best men's curling players from all over Ontario Glenn Howard was given the honour of representing the Ontario provincial curling team in the national tournament in Calgary at the Pengrowth Saddledome (now known as Scotiabank Saddledome).
The Complex also hosted the Ontario Tankard in 2001. It was also the venue for wrestling at the 2001 Canada Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20286808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286808" title="David-Matthew Barnes">
David-Matthew Barnes

David-Matthew Barnes (born September 3, 1970) is an American filmmaker, novelist, playwright, poet, and teacher.
Barnes is the bestselling author of the novels "Mesmerized" (Bold Strokes Books, 2010), "Accidents Never Happen" (Bold Strokes Books, 2011), "Swimming to Chicago" (Bold Strokes Books, 2011), "The Jetsetters" (Bold Strokes Books, 2012), "Ambrosia" (Pinwheel Entertainment Group, 2012), "Wonderland" (Bold Strokes Books, 2013), "Stronger Than This" (Bold Strokes Books, 2014), "Fifty Yards and Holding" (Bold Strokes Books, 2014), "Fascination" (Pinwheel Entertainment Group, 2014), and "The Marijuana Mermaids" (2014).
Two of Barnes' young adult novels, "Swimming to Chicago" and "Wonderland", have been nominated by the Rainbow Project Committee of the American Library Association for their annual Rainbow Books, a list of quality books with significant and authentic GLBTQ content for children and teens. 
Barnes also writes romance and suspense novels under the name Dylan Madrid, including "Mind Fields" (Bold Strokes Books, 2013), "Love in the Shadows" (Bold Strokes Books, 2014), "Backstrokes" (Bold Strokes Books, 2014), and a five-book series centering around the life and loves of a Chicago-based investigative journalist named Jennifer Hawkins.
In addition, Barnes is the author of a collection of short stories titled "Boys Like Me" (2014) and two collections of poetry, "Souvenir Boys" (2013) and "Roadside Attractions" (2014).
Barnes is the writer and director of the coming-of-age film "Frozen Stars" (starring Lana Parrilla), which received worldwide distribution in 2003. He is the writer, director, and producer of the dramatic short film "Threnody", starring Caroline Barry and Santiago Charboneau. He is the screenwriter of the romantic comedy "Ambrosia" (adapted from his novel of the same name) and the horror film "Scare Me, Kill Me". He is also the co-writer of the upcoming Latina-themed film "The Other Side of Pretty".
Barnes has written over forty stage plays that have been performed in three languages in eight countries, including "And The Winner Is" (Playscripts, Inc.), "Are You All Right in There?" (Playscripts, Inc.), "Better Places to Go" (Pinwheel Plays), "Bracelets and Boyfriends" (JAC Publishing), "Clean" (JAC Publishing), "Don't Mention It" (JAC Publishing), "False Hopes" (JAC Publishing), "Frozen Stars" (Pinwheel Plays), "Johnny Ramirez Really Wants to Kiss Me" (Pinwheel Plays), "Pensacola" (JAC Publishing), "Sloe Gin Fizz" (JAC Publishing), "Somebody's Baby" (Heuer Publishing), "Temporary Heroes" (Brooklyn Publishers), "Threnody" (Pinwheel Plays), and "Unrequited" (Brooklyn Publishers).
Barnes' stage plays have been official selections for the Chicago Director's Festival, the DC Queer Theatre Festival, FronteraFest, the Johannesburg One-Act Drama Festival, the Mid-America Dramatists Lab, the NYC 15-Minute Play Festival, the Rough Writers New Play Festival, and the Western Australia Drama Festival. His plays have been performed on stages across the country including the American Globe Theatre, the Boston Center for the Arts, the Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center, Hyde Park Theatre, and the Producer's Club in New York City. Internationally his plays have been produced in Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, Taiwan, the United Kingdom, and more.
Barnes' literary work has appeared in over one hundred publications including "The Best Stage Scenes", "The Best Women's Stage Monologues", "The Best Men's Stage Monologues", "The Comstock Review", "Cutthroat: A Journal of the Arts", "Review Americana", and "The Southeast Review". He has also served as the guest editor of dramatic literature for "The Louisville Review" and has written book reviews for the Lambda Literary Foundation since the fall of 2011.
Barnes was selected by Kent State University as the national winner of the Hart Crane Memorial Poetry Award. In addition, he has received the Carrie McCray Literary Award, the SlamBoston Award for Best Play, and earned double awards for poetry and playwriting in the World AIDS Day Writing Contest. He has received national awards in the Split This Rock Poetry Contest and the New Works for Young Women playwriting competition. He is the winner of two Elly Awards from the Sacramento Area Regional Theatre Alliance, an award from "Writer’s Digest", and an award from the Florida Freelance Writers Association.
Barnes is a member of the Dramatists Guild of America, International Thriller Writers, and the Society of Children's Book Writers and Illustrators.
He lives in Denver, Colorado with his partner, Edward C. Ortiz, the founding editor of "7 Word Review".
Biography.
Early life.
Barnes is the oldest child of Samuel Barnes, Jr., a former police officer, and Nancy Nickle, the former exec of an underground hip-hop record label. His parents divorced when he was seven. Barnes has a younger brother, Jamin, (a San Diego restaurant owner, musician, and photographer), and three younger half-brothers: Jason, Andrew, and Jaren.
Barnes is the eldest grandchild of businessman Clifford Harrison Nickle (1916-2002), who owned the Southwood Drugstore in Torrance, California for many years. After her death on Thanksgiving Day in 1997, Barnes founded The Dorothy Nickle Performing Arts Company in honor of his beloved grandmother. Members of the Nickle family founded The Nickle Arts Museum at the University of Calgary in Alberta, Canada.
Barnes' great-aunt was actress Ann Paige who appeared in the films "China Doll" and "The Young Lions" (with co-stars Montgomery Clift, Marlon Brando, Dean Martin, and Hope Lange).
As a child, Barnes was a performing arts student at the Old Globe Theatre in San Diego, where he studied drama and dance.
Barnes spent most of his teenage years in the Bay Area of California where he attended Berkeley High School (classmates included Rebecca Romijn and Dave Meyers).
During his sophomore year of high school, Barnes was cast by Eric B. Productions as a series regular on their Saturday morning television show "Dance Floor". Barnes, who was the youngest cast member, appeared on the show for one year.
Barnes was then cast in a supporting role in a production of the comedic stage play "Once a Catholic", written by Mary O'Malley, which was performed at the Julia Morgan Center for the Arts.
At the age of fifteen, Barnes published his first short story, "The Children Are Crying" (a socio-political fictional account of four teens caught in the aftermath of a nuclear war), in the literary anthology "Across the Generations" (also featuring early work of writer Kim Addonizio).
Barnes later lived in Sacramento, where he studied dance at the Visual and Performing Arts Center (VAPAC) at Sacramento High School.
Barnes opted to postpone college and spent a year living in Europe, primarily in Greece on the island of Ios, where he worked as a dancer.
While attending college, Barnes was active in the flourishing theatre community in Northern California (fellow artists included Colin Hanks and Jessica Chastain), serving as the first resident playwright of the Thistle Dew Dessert Theatre, and directing and starring in over a dozen productions, including the West Coast premiere of Samuel Schwartz's "Vito on the Beach".
Education.
Barnes briefly studied dramatic arts and creative writing at Sacramento City College, before attending American River College (classmates included fellow writer Anthony Swofford).
After receiving a significant scholarship, Barnes moved to Chicago where he studied playwriting at the Theatre School at DePaul University (classmates included Julie Frost, Judy Greer, and Michael Muhney) and television production and fiction writing at Columbia College Chicago, before moving to the Atlanta area and graduating magna cum laude from Oglethorpe University with a degree in communications and English.
Barnes earned a Master of Fine Arts in creative writing from Queens University of Charlotte in North Carolina, where he studied under the mentorship of Brighde Mullins, Ashley Warlick, Cathy Smith Bowers, Rebecca McClanahan, Kym Ragusa and Elissa Schappell.
Barnes studied his craft in private workshop with Tony Award and Pulitzer Prize winner Marsha Norman ("‘night, Mother", "The Color Purple", "The Secret Garden") at the Southampton Writers Conference at Stony Brook Southampton in New York.
In addition, Barnes has attended master classes instructed by Achy Obejas, Michelle Tea, Dorothy Allison, and Faye Dunaway.
Actor.
Barnes has performed in twenty-five theatrical productions including roles in "Once a Catholic" at the Julia Morgan Theatre in Berkeley, "The Furthest Room" at the Stella Adler Theatre in Los Angeles, "Big Love" at The Merriam Theatre in Philadelphia, in the west coast premiere of Sam Schwartz’s "Vito on the Beach", and, most recently, as Mark in "The Shadow Box".
Filmmaker.
Shortly after relocating to the Los Angeles area in 1999, Barnes appeared in a production of Paul Saucido's original stage play "The Furthest Room", performed at the Stella Adler Theatre with co-stars Carlos Leon, Lysa Flores, and Lana Parrilla. Barnes then wrote and directed the independent film "Frozen Stars" (starring Parrilla and featuring Flores's music). After a screening of the film at the Director's Guild of America in Los Angeles, "Frozen Stars" was released in 2003 and received worldwide distribution.
Barnes is the writer, director, and producer of the dramatic short film "Threnody", starring Caroline Barry and Santiago Charboneau.
Barnes is also the screenwriter of the upcoming romantic comedy "Ambrosia" (adapted from his novel of the same name) and the horror film "Scare Me, Kill Me".
He is the co-writer of the upcoming Latina-themed film "The Other Side of Pretty".
Novelist.
After meeting with author and publisher Radclyffe at the Saints and Sinners Literary Festival in New Orleans, Barnes signed a publishing contract with Bold Strokes Books. His first novel, "Mesmerized", was published in November 2010. The young adult novel (set in 1986 in Sacramento, California) tells the story of seventeen-year-old Serena Albright who is coping with the violent death of her older gay brother, the victim of a hate crime. For "Mesmerized", Barnes received a 2011 LGBT Rainbow Award for Best Coming of Age/Young Adult Novel.
Barnes' next novel, a literary suspense thriller set in Chicago titled "Accidents Never Happen", was published in July 2011. The novel is currently being adapted into a screenplay.
Barnes' next novel, a young adult novel titled "Swimming to Chicago" (the first to feature a gay Armenian-American teen), was published in October 2011. "Swimming to Chicago" was recognized by the Rainbow Project Committee of the American Library Association. The novel was a finalist for the 2012 Rainbow Books, a list of outstanding GLBTQ books for children and teens. "Swimming to Chicago" was also short listed as a finalist for a 2011 Independent Literary Award.
Barnes' next novel, a rock 'n' roll love story titled "The Jetsetters", was published in September 2012.
Barnes' next novel, a comedic tale of a single woman searching for true love in Chicago titled "Ambrosia", was published exclusively in eBook in September 2012. This novel is currently being adapted into a screenplay.
Barnes' next novel, a paranormal teen romance titled "Wonderland", was published in February 2013. "Wonderland" is a current nominee for the 2014 Rainbow Books of the American Library Association, a list of quality books with significant and authentic GLBTQ content for children and teens.
"Stronger Than This", which is written in epistolary form and was published in February 2014, explores a friendship formed between a gay man and a lesbian when their soul mates are tragically killed.
Barnes' next young adult novel, "Fifty Yards and Holding", will be published in August 2014. The novel explores how the discovery of a secret relationship between Riley Brewer, the star of the high school baseball team, and Victor Alvarez, the leader of a violent street gang, escalates into a preventable tragedy.
"Fascination", a novel Barnes describes as "a glamorous tale of theatricality and obsession", will be published exclusively in eBook in September 2014.
Barnes is currently working on a new young adult novel,"The Marijuana Mermaids", which explores the theme of female teen rebellion.
Barnes also writes romance and suspense novels under the name Dylan Madrid including "Backstrokes", "Love in the Shadows", "Mind Fields", and a five-book series centering around the life and loves of a Chicago-based investigative journalist named Jennifer Hawkins.
Barnes' first eight novels (including two of his titles written under Dylan Madrid) were edited by award-winning author Greg Herren.
Playwright.
As a playwright, Barnes first received national exposure when editor Jocelyn Beard included excerpts from his plays "Are You All Right in There?", "False Hopes", "Number 76", "Sloe Gin Fizz", and "Threnody" in several scene and monologue collections published by Smith & Kraus in 1999 and 2000.
Playscripts, Inc. published "And the Winner Is" and "Are You All Right in There?", two of Barnes' one-act plays, in 2003. Shortly thereafter, his plays "Temporary Heroes" and "Unrequited" were published by Brooklyn Publishers. His award-winning teen drama "Somebody's Baby" was then published by Heuer Publishing.
In the summer of 2005, the Hope for Change Foundation produced the New York premiere of Barnes' one-act play "And the Winner Is".
In 2010, JAC Publishing and Promotions published Barnes' popular stage play "Pensacola", as well as his one-act play "Clean".
In 2010, Barnes' all-female stage play "Sky Lines" received a world premiere at The Producer's Club in New York City. The production was directed by Margaret Champagne, produced by Tony White, and starred Meridith Nicholaev, Monica Lillian Jones, and Kasey Williams.
Barnes' one-act play "Baby in the Basement" was an official selection for the NYC 15 Minute Play Festival, and was performed in the spring of 2011 at the American Globe Theatre, under the direction of Tony White.
JAC Publishing published Barnes' two-man play "Sloe Gin Fizz" in the summer of 2011.
In 2012, Barnes' gay-themed stage play "We Never Made it to Paris" received a world premiere at The Producer's Club in New York City. The production was directed by Kelly Barrett, produced by Tony White, and starred Thomas Lacey and Kurt Roediger.
That same year the Western Plains Theatre Company produced the Australian premiere of Barnes' stage play "Somebody's Baby" at the Dubbo Regional Theatre and Convention Centre.
Also in 2012, a collection of Barnes' one-act plays were published by JAC Publishing featuring the all-female scripts "Bracelets and Boyfriends", "Don't Mention It", and "False Hopes".
In 2013, Barnes' two-woman one-act play "Relocations" (inspired by Alix Smith's photograph States of Union #3) was selected to receive a world premiere at the Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center as part of their Rough Writers New Play Festival. Shortly after the production, "Relocations" was published by the New York Theatre Experience's Indie Theater Now.
In 2013, Pinwheel Plays published eBook versions of Barnes' plays "Better Places to Go" and "Frozen Stars". In 2014, they will publish thematic collections of Barnes' plays, including "Brave Enough to Love: A Collection of Gay and Lesbian Stage Plays", "Deuces: Stage Plays for Two Actors", "Monologues That Kick Ass", "Now That I Have Your Attention: A Collection of Twenty-One Plays", and "You Think You Know Us: Stage Plays for Teen Actors".
"Johnny Ramirez Really Wants to Kiss Me" Controversy.
One of Barnes' signature pieces is the one-act play "Johnny Ramirez Really Wants to Kiss Me", which tells the story of two teen boys falling in love.
In 2006, the script was selected by Stage Q in Madison, Wisconsin for their festival Queer Shorts. The world premiere was directed by Erik Weinke and starred Gilbert Villalpando and Nathan Figueroa.
A year later, the play received a New York premiere (produced by Frank Blocker and Sydney Stone) at the 78th Street Theatre Lab. The show was directed by Jon Michael Murphy and starred Chris von Hoffman and Bobby Abid.
In April 2008, the play was produced in Boston by Lyralen Kaye and Another Country Productions. As a result, the play received the SlamBoston Award for Best Play.
In late 2009, Kaye developed a new pilot program called Slams4Schools, in an effort to bring diversity-themed theatre to local Boston-area schools. She selected "Johnny Ramirez Really Wants to Kiss Me" for the program.
In October 2010, the play was then performed at the Roy Arias Studio Theatres in New York, selected for the Short Play Lab series by producer John Chatterton. Because he happened to be in New York for the world premiere of his stage play "Sky Lines" (performing at the Producer's Club, a nearby theatre), Barnes directed this production himself, casting Michael Paul Makin, one of Barnes' former students from Penn State, and Marcelo Carrascosa, a young actor who had performed in Barnes' one-act play "Number 76" in Chicago at the Mid-America Theatre Conference.
By early January 2011, Kaye had Slams4Schools up and running. Eight plays were contracted to be performed at an all-male Catholic school in a suburb of Boston. The plays were assigned to student directors, cast, and the rehearsal process began with a planned performance date of April 6. One of those plays was "Johnny Ramirez Really Wants to Kiss Me".
According to Barnes, "In early March, I received an email of concern from Lyralen. She was having problems with the school about my play. I shot back an email asking for clarification - what problems were they having exactly? Although the play had passed through a rigorous selection process, the administration wanted the kiss taken out of the script, references to the kiss to be omitted, and the physicality between the two characters (again...the kiss) to be struck. Lyralen defended my honor and my work. But, in the end, the play was pulled from the festival completely."
Two days later, the school cancelled the entire event. Barnes was forwarded an emailed copy of a plea written by the student (the only openly gay - and Latino - member of the selection committee who was determined to direct the script) and given to the school's administration.
Of this Barnes said, "This young man's words broke my heart...As an educator myself, I was disheartened by the school's decision specifically because of the broken message it sends to young people - especially those who need a play like "Johnny Ramirez Really Wants to Kiss Me" in their lives."
In response to the cancelled performances, Kaye and Another Country Productions scheduled the plays to be performed under the collective title "SlamBoston UNCENSORED" at the Boston Playwrights Theatre on November 14, 15, and 16, 2011. This production marked the first performances of the script to be directed by a woman, Caitlin Ann Stewart-Swift. The show featured performances by Francisco Marquez and Matthew Ian Eriksen.
In 2013, the play was an official selection for the DC Queer Theatre Festival in Washington, D.C. The production was directed by Alvin Ford.
The script is now being adapted into a screenplay.
Poet.
Barnes first published his poetry in 1995 in the literary journal "The American River Literary Review". Since then, his poems have appeared in several magazines, anthologies, and literary journals including "Chelsea Station", "The Comstock Review", "Cutthroat: A Journal of the Arts", "Glitterwolf Magazine", "The Southeast Review", and more.
In 2003, Word Riot Press published "Sins of the Flesh", a chapbook collection of Barnes' early poetry.
In 2008, he received third place for his provocative poem "Latin Freestyle" in the national Split This Rock Poetry Contest. Later that same year, he won the World AIDS Day Writing Contest with his poem "You Wonder".
In 2011, Kent State University awarded Barnes with the Hart Crane Memorial Poetry Award for his poem "Walking to K-Mart to Buy a Dolly Parton Album".
In 2013, the poetry division of Pinwheel Plays published Barnes' first full-length collection of poetry, "Souvenir Boys". In 2014, they will publish a second collection of his poetry, "Roadside Attractions".
Academic career.
In 2008, Barnes was nationally selected to serve as the Emerging Writer in Residence at Pennsylvania State University in Altoona, Pennsylvania where he taught in the English program for one year. While there, Barnes was also actively involved in the university's theatre program, participating as an actor in an award-winning production of Charles L. Mee's "Big Love" (directed by Robin Reese), selected by the Kennedy Center American College Theatre Festival to be performed at the Merriam Theatre in Philadelphia.
In January 2009, Barnes began teaching online English classes for Southern Crescent Technical College. In May 2010, he became a member of their faculty and instructed courses in English, humanities, and speech. In addition, Barnes developed the curriculum for the college's first-ever Theatre Appreciation course, which received statewide approval from the Technical College System of Georgia for instruction in 25 colleges. As of January 2013, Barnes once again instructs courses exclusively online for the college.
In November 2012, Barnes joined the faculty of the Spalding University brief-residency Master of Fine Arts in Writing Program where he mentors students in playwriting, screenwriting, and writing for children and young adults.
Writings.
Novels.
Writing as Dylan Madrid

</doc>
<doc id="20286811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286811" title="Kosuke Kitani">
Kosuke Kitani

On 25 July 2013, He joined to J. League Division 2 club FC Gifu, on a half-year loan from Sagan Tosu.

</doc>
<doc id="20286831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286831" title="Love Is Strange (album)">
Love Is Strange (album)

Love Is Strange is a 1990 album by country music superstar Kenny Rogers.
Singles.
"Love Is Strange" is home to three singles. The title cut, a duet with Dolly Parton, debuted first and made it to number 21 in the U.S. and number 14 in Canada. The follow-up single, released in 1990, was "Lay My Body Down", which reached number 69 in the U.S. but did not chart in Canada. The final single, "What I Did For Love", did the opposite, charting only in Canada, peaking at number 81.

</doc>
<doc id="20286846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286846" title="Kodai Watanabe">
Kodai Watanabe

Club career stats.
As of 23 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20286878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286878" title="Bottom Liner Blues">
Bottom Liner Blues

Bottom Liner Blues is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1990s Rocksburg, a fictional, blue-collar, Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania, adjacent to Pittsburgh).
Mario Balzic is the protagonist, an atypical detective for the genre, a Serbo-Italian American cop, middle-aged, unpretentious, a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force. 
The novel opens with Balzic back in a police car and feeling depressed about his mother's recent death. He gets a call from a woman who thinks her husband may be out to brutally exact revenge on a truck driver with a questionable past. She wants Balzic to stop the attack, but gives him little to go on. He senses there is more coming and he is right.
It is the tenth book in the 17-volume Rocksburg series.

</doc>
<doc id="20286880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286880" title="Junya Hosokawa">
Junya Hosokawa

There are rumors saying that Junya Hosokawa interested to join a football club from Indonesia, Persiraja Banda Aceh.
Club career stats.
As of 23 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20286906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286906" title="Rosie Live">
Rosie Live

Rosie Live is a variety show starring Rosie O'Donnell that aired November 26, 2008 live from New York's Little Shubert Theatre on NBC. It contained singing, dancing, comedy routines and specialty acts. However, poor critical response and ratings doomed the project, and it was not picked up as a series. 
Production.
It was produced by Universal Media Studios in association with O'Donnell's KidRo Productions. Rosie O'Donnell and David Friedman were the co-executive producers. The show was broadcast live in accordance with O'Donnell's preference for live programming instead of tape.
Guests.
Ne-Yo and Alanis Morissette were the featured singers. Liza Minnelli and Gloria Estefan performed duets with O'Donnell. "Lombard Twins" [http://search.yahoo.com/search;_ylt=A0oGkiWCqUFJ3KMAobRXNyoA?p=%22Lombard+Twins%22&fr=yfp-t-501&ei=UTF-8&fp_ip=CA&pop=1&rd=r1&meta=vc%3Dca] tap danced. "Anti-gravity" performed a spinning act. The special also included performances by Rosie's Broadway Kids and guest appearances by Kathy Griffin, Conan O'Brien, Jane Krakowski, Harry Connick, Jr., Clay Aiken, Rachael Ray and Alec Baldwin. 
Jennifer Cody appeared in a skit featuring O'Donnell as "Officer Lockstock" and Cody as "Little Sally", a reference to the off-Broadway show "Urinetown". (Cody's husband, Hunter Foster, was in the original cast of "Urinetown" and was on the writing staff for "Rosie Live".)
Critical response.
The show received almost universally negative reviews from critics. The "Los Angeles Times" critic Mary McNamara wrote, "For those of us who are, and remain, Rosie fans, who think "The View" will never quite recover from her departure, who think her desire to resurrect the variety show was, and is, a great idea, disappointment does not even begin to describe it." "TV Guide" critic Matt Roush panned the show as "dead on arrival," while "Variety" wrote "If Rosie O'Donnell and company were consciously determined to strangle the rebirth of variety shows in the crib, they couldn't have done a better job of it than this pre-holiday turkey." The program finished in third place in its time slot, ahead of ABC and The CW but behind Fox and CBS.
Cancellation.
Initial plans were to, if the show had been successful, use the special as a pilot episode for a series of new "Rosie Live" episodes beginning January 2009, which would have made it the first traditional variety show to air as a regular series in the United States since "The Wayne Brady Show" in 2001, and the first on NBC since "Marie" and the infamous "Pink Lady and Jeff" in 1980. However, "Rosie Live" did not return due to poor ratings. [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/12/02/AR2008120203034_pf.html]

</doc>
<doc id="20286933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286933" title="Yugo Ichiyanagi">
Yugo Ichiyanagi

Club career stats.
As of 10 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20286939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286939" title="Of Nightingales That Weep">
Of Nightingales That Weep

Of Nightingales That Weep is a historical novel for children by Katherine Paterson, published by Crowell in 1974. Set in medieval Japan, the novel tells the story of Takiko, the 11-year-old daughter of a slain samurai warrior. Takiko’s mother remarries Goro, a gentle but unattractive potter/dwarf, whom Takiko fears. When she matures into adulthood, Takiko is able to find employment in the court of the Japanese emperor and falls in love with an enemy spy-Hideo. Eventually, she returns home and is able to reconcile her feelings towards Goro.
"Of Nightingales That Weep" won the 1994 Phoenix Award from the Children's Literature Association as the best English-language children's book that did not win a major award when it was originally published twenty years earlier. The award is named after the mythical bird phoenix, which is reborn from its ashes, to suggest the book's rise from obscurity.

</doc>
<doc id="20286950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286950" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1919">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1919

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1919 Australian federal election. The election was held on 13 December 1919.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text.Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. Nationalist Senators Edward Millen, Herbert Pratten and Josiah Thomas were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. Nationalist Senators Thomas Crawford, Harry Foll and Matthew Reid were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Nationalist Party was defending one seat. Nationalist Senators Robert Guthrie, James Rowell and William Senior were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Four seats were up for election. Uniquely, one of these was for a vacancy extending only until the new Senate assumed its place on 1 July 1920; this was the remainder of James Long's term that had been filled in the interim by Edward Mulcahy. The fourth elected senator would thus serve only until 1 July 1920, whereupon his term would expire. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Nationalist Party was defending one seat. Nationalist Senators Thomas Bakhap, John Earle and John Keating were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. Nationalist Senators William Bolton, George Fairbairn and William Plain were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. Nationalist Senators Richard Buzacott, Hugh de Largie and George Henderson were not up for re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="20286966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286966" title="Caribbean poetry">
Caribbean poetry

Caribbean poetry (often used synonymously for West Indian poetry) comprises any form of poem, rhyme, or lyric that derives from the Caribbean region and writers of the Caribbean diaspora. Particularly after the mid-1970s and 1980s, Caribbean poetry gained increasing visibility with the publication in Britain and North America of several anthologies; over the years the canon has shifted and expanded, drawing both on oral and literary traditions, and with different styles evolving in response to the changing social and political scene.
World-renowned Caribbean poets include Derek Walcott, winner of the 1992 Nobel Prize for Literature, Kamau Brathwaite, International Winner of the Sixth Annual Griffin Poetry Prize in 2006, and Jamaican-born Linton Kwesi Johnson, who in 2002 became only the second living poet to be published in the Penguin Modern Classics series.
Anthony Kellman is the originator of a Caribbean poetic form named "Tuk Verse", which incorporates melodical and rhythmical elements of Barbadian indigenous folk music, his 2008 book "Limestone: An Epic Poem of Barbados" being the first published epic poem of Barbados.
Some notable poets.
Grouped by territory of birth or upbringing
Trinidad & Tobago.
Tricia S. David "Tuning with God." Face book page :http://www.facebook.com/pages/Tricia-S-David/330451267060018?ref=hl

</doc>
<doc id="20286971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286971" title="John Dau Foundation">
John Dau Foundation

The John Dau Foundation (JDF) is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit that was established in July 2007 to develop health facilities that currently do not exist for most of the populations of Duk, Twic East and Bor South Counties in the State of Jonglei in South Sudan. Its mission is to "transform healthcare in South Sudan." Currently, the organization’s primary focus is on funding and overseeing the Duk Lost Boys Clinic. The Duk Lost Boys Clinic specializes in the treatment of diseases such as guinea-worm, malaria, chicken pox, diarrhea, malnourishment, bilharzias, h-worm, kalazar; the immunization of other diseases; and the provision of maternity services. The Foundation is headquartered in Syracuse, New York.
John Dau.
John Dau is the founder and president of the John Dau Foundation. Dau is a survivor of the civil war in South Sudan and part of the exodus of the Lost Boys of Sudan who were forced to flee their families and homeland. Dau was featured in the award-winning documentary "God Grew Tired of Us" in 2006 which won the Grand Jury Prize and the Audience Award at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival.
Governance.
The John Dau Foundation is governed by a ten member Board of Directors that is headed by Bill Coplin, Director of the Public Affairs Department at Syracuse University. The organization’s Board of Advisors is made up of 15 members and includes Lopez Lomong, the Sudanese-born track and field athlete who carried the U.S. flag in the Opening Ceremony of the 2008 Beijing Olympics. He announced his support for JDF in September 2008 and shortly thereafter became a member of the organization’s Board of Advisors. 
Ties to the government of South Sudan.
John Dau has strong ties to local governmental officials in South Sudan. His uncle, Philip Thon Leek, who was a governor of the State of Jongeli and is now a Minister of Transport in the Government of National Unity, has been instrumental in providing contacts and support from the natives, Tribal Chiefs and the Sudanese Peoples Liberation Movements and its Health Ministry. The Foundation has received a commitment from the local government to provide support by the end of 2009 for the existing clinic. Although there is no guarantee that this will happen due to the government of South Sudan's financial constraint, it represents a viable strategy that will require less outside support to sustain what has been developed. 
American Care for Sudan Foundation.
In June 2008, the American Care for Sudan Foundation (ACSF) announced that it would merge with JDF as its operational wing. ACSF was formed initially under the leadership of John Dau and the dedication and hard work of a group of members of the First Presbyterian Church of Skaneateles to build the Duk Lost Boys Clinic in Duk Payuel, South Sudan in early 2007. 
Notable contributions.
Notable contributions to the Duk Lost Boys Clinic and John Dau Foundation include $100,000 donated by Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie (the Jolie-Pitt Foundation) in 2006; $50,000 by the Allyn Family of Welch Allyn in 2006; $25,000 by Volvo in 2008; and $100,000 by United Technologies Corporation in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="20286974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286974" title="Missing Cleveland">
Missing Cleveland

"Missing Cleveland" is the first single from American rock musician Scott Weiland's second solo album, ""Happy" in Galoshes". The single was released on November 11, 2008. In the U.S., the song peaked at number 28 on the Modern Rock Chart. 
The music video for "Missing Cleveland" was directed by Kevin Kerslake, who has worked with Weiland before. The video has been posted on YouTube.com for viewers to see.

</doc>
<doc id="20286977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20286977" title="Masashi Miyazawa">
Masashi Miyazawa

Club team career statistics.
Last update: 27 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20287002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287002" title="Naoki Chiba">
Naoki Chiba


</doc>
<doc id="20287004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287004" title="Silphium integrifolium">
Silphium integrifolium

Silphium integrifolium is a species of flowering plant in the aster family, Asteraceae. Its common names include whole-leaf rosinweed, entire-leaf rosinweed, and prairie rosinweed. It is native to eastern North America, including Ontario in Canada and the eastern and central United States as far west as New Mexico.
Description.
This species is a perennial herb growing from a fibrous root system and producing stems up to 2 meters tall. It can form a large clump of up to 100 stems. The stems are hairless to slightly rough-haired, and sometimes waxy in texture. The leaves are oppositely arranged on the stems. The basal leaves are lost by maturity. The leaf blades are lance-shaped to ovate, smooth-edged or toothed, hairless to rough-haired, and up to about 23 centimeters long. The inflorescence holds one to 15 flower heads. The head is lined with 2 or 3 rows of phyllaries which are hairless or rough and sometimes glandular. The head has up to 36 yellow ray florets and many yellow disc florets. The fruit has a short pappus.
There are two varieties of the species:
Ecology.
The foliage of the plant is eaten by herbivores such as the white-tailed deer and the blister beetle "Epicauta fabricius". Plants have also been noted to lose approximately 17% of their fruits to lepidopteran larvae. The most common herbivorous insect on this species is the gall wasp "Antistrophus silphii". The wasp injects its eggs into the apical meristem of the plant, and as its larvae develop, a spherical gall up to 4 centimeters wide forms in the meristem. This stops the shoot from growing. Up to 30 larvae overwinter in each gall, pupate, and emerge as adult wasps the following season.
Uses.
The plant had uses among Native American peoples. The Meskwaki, for example, 
used the roots to treat pain from injuries.
This species is cultivated for use in gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="20287026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287026" title="Olivier Suray">
Olivier Suray

Club career.
Suray had a spell in the Turkish Super Lig with Altay S.K. and Adanaspor and several seasons in the Belgian First Division with R. Charleroi S.C., R.S.C. Anderlecht and R.A.E.C. Mons.

</doc>
<doc id="20287033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287033" title="Mike 171">
Mike 171

Mike 171 (Graffiti Artist) (aka "White Mike", "Mighty Whitey") is one of the earliest New York City graffiti artists of the late 1960s and 1970s. He is generally credited with originating the "Puff Clouds" and "Smoking Guns", a style of accenting graffiti. His graffiti dominated the A (New York City Subway service) of the New York City Transit Authority. Later, he was one of the founding members of the United Graffiti Artists.
Mike 171 along with SJK 171 and Taki 183 the 2 earliest graffiti artists are both of Greek heritage and both from the very small Greek community in Washington Heights. He began writing in 1968 under the name Mike 171 with SJK 171. Mike 171 attended George Washington High School along with gang members from the "Latin Demons", "Galaxies" and the "Latino Army of Light", which a number of them where early graffiti artists like Phil 169, Henry 161, Bobby I, Leo 163 and Felix 163.
Public attention.
It was in early 1970s Mike 171 was the first to use the "Puff Clouds" and "Smoking Guns" that years later other Graffiti artists would use. 
In 1972, Mike 171 as one of the founding members of United Graffiti Artists, a professional graffiti collective which began to attract media attention. He was featured in an important essay on graffiti art by Richard Goldstein which appeared in "New York Magazine" and inspired a new generation of graffiti artists. 
The University of Chicago The Renaissance Society displayed the United Graffiti Artists Collaborative No. 1, 1972 the first Spray enamel on canvas 24” x 36”.
References.
Tag Town written by Martha Cooper 
publisher: Dokument, 2008 
ISBN 978-91-85639-05-2 
page 20
The Birth of Graffiti
publisher: Prestel, 2007
ISBN 978-3-7913-3796-8
Page 2
Atantica
ISSN 1132-8428
Page47

</doc>
<doc id="20287044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287044" title="Bridge Creek Shelter">
Bridge Creek Shelter

The Bridge Creek Shelter is a rustic log and shingle shelter in North Cascades National Park. It was built in 1940 by the U.S. Forest Service with Civilian Conservation Corps labor.

</doc>
<doc id="20287056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287056" title="Atsushi Nagai">
Atsushi Nagai

His elder brother Hideki is also a Japanese footballer.
Club career stats.
As of 10 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20287075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287075" title="Battle of Tamsui">
Battle of Tamsui

The Battle of Tamsui (French: "combat de Tamsui"; traditional Chinese: 滬尾之役, literally Battle of Huwei, or 淡水之役), fought on 8 October 1884, was a significant French defeat during the Sino-French War.
Background.
The battle of Tamsui was part of the Keelung Campaign (August 1884–April 1885). Following the outbreak of the Sino-French War on 23 August 1884, the French decided to put pressure on China by landing an expeditionary corps in northern Formosa to seize Keelung (基隆) and Tamsui (淡水). On 1 October Lieutenant-Colonel Bertaux-Levillain landed at Keelung with a force of 1,800 marine infantry, forcing the Chinese to withdraw to strong defensive positions which had been prepared in the surrounding hills. Meanwhile, a second French force under the command of Rear Admiral Sébastien Lespès prepared to attack Tamsui.
The bombardment of Tamsui, 2 October 1884.
On 1 October 1884, while the Formosa expeditionary corps went ashore at Keelung, Lespès lay off Tamsui with the ironclads "La Galissonnière" and "Triomphante", the cruiser "d’Estaing" and the gunboat "Vipère". His orders from Courbet were to bombard the Chinese forts at Tamsui, destroy the barrage across the Tamsui River and seize Tamsui itself.
The town of Tamsui (also known as Huwei or Hobe from the Mandarin and Taiwanese pronunciations respectively of its alternative Chinese name 滬尾) had a population of around 6,000 at this period, including a small European colony. Tamsui was defended by two major forts, both to the west of the town. The 'White Fort' (Fort Blanc), so called by the French to distinguish it from Fort San Domingo, the seventeenth-century Spanish 'Red Fort' that had become the premises of the British consulate in Tamsui, was a shore battery that commanded the entrance to the Tamsui River. To the northeast, defending the town against a landing, was a fort still under construction, the 'New Fort' (Fort Neuf). Although the New Fort was only partly armed, it had an excellent all-round field of fire. Other important fortification works had been built on all the neighbouring ridges.
As the French warships were unable to enter the Tamsui River, Lespès decided to bombard the White Fort and the New Fort on the morning of 2 October. In fact hostilities were begun by the Chinese, who began firing at sunrise on 2 October with three cannon which they had placed in the barbette of the New Fort the previous evening. The French flotilla immediately replied, delivering a heavy bombardment which lasted for several hours, eventually destroying the three Chinese guns and putting both the New Fort and the White Fort out of action.
More than 2,000 shells were fired against the two forts. Many failed to explode on impact, and remained dangerous for days afterwards. Others missed their targets, because the bombardment was delivered from long range, and damaged many buildings in Tamsui itself, including all the European residences.
The Canadian Presbyterian missionary George Mackay remained in his house in Tamsui during the French bombardment, refusing to take shelter aboard the British gunboat HMS "Cockchafer" anchored off Tamsui, because he could not take his Formosan converts with him. He left a vivid description of the attack:
When the bombarding began we put our little children under the floor of the house, that they might not be alarmed. My wife went out and in during these trying hours. I paced the front of the house with A Hoa, while shot and shell whizzed and burst all around us. One shell struck a part of Oxford College, another a corner of the Girls’ School, and still another a stone in front of us, and sent it into mid-air in a thousand atoms. A little to the west of us another went into the ground, gouging a great hole and sending up a cloud of dust and stones. The suction of one, as it passed, was like a sudden gust of wind. Amid the smoke from forts and ships, and the roar and thunder of shot and shell, we walked to and fro, feeling that our God was round about us.
Mackay said later, in a conversation recorded by the Anglican missionary William Campbell, that the French marksmanship had been very inaccurate, and had recklessly endangered the lives of innocent civilians.
French preparations for a landing at Tamsui, 2–7 October 1884.
Realising that his naval bombardment had failed to achieve its objective, and as he had only a small landing force at his disposal, Admiral Lespès sent "d’Estaing" back to Keelung on the evening of 2 October to request reinforcements of a battalion of marine infantry to enable him to make a landing to the north of the river, seize the forts, then destroy the command post from which the mines could be detonated. The French could then clear the pass by exploding a large powder charge, and the ships could enter the river. Meanwhile he attempted to neutralise the mines himself. On the evening of 2 October the gunboat "Vipère" scouted the pass and located the buoys of the mines. On the following night the launches tried to drag the electric wires. They failed, and one of them was almost destroyed when the Chinese exploded one of the mines at a distance.
"D'Estaing" reached Keelung on the afternoon of 3 October. By then the French had already secured the hills to the west of the town and the Chinese had retreated, but Courbet was reluctant to release one of his three battalions of marine infantry. It was probably the correct decision, though it would later be criticised. Although the Chinese had momentarily fallen back, they might launch a counterattack at any moment, and if they did the French would need every man to hold the extensive defence perimeter they had just established at Keelung.
Courbet nevertheless did what he could to give Lespès a respectable landing force. He sent him three more ships ("Tarn", "Châteaurenault" and "Duguay-Trouin"), which arrived off Tamsui on the evening of 5 October. They carried their own landing companies and also the landing company from "Bayard", giving Lespès a total of 600 men available for shore operations. Lespès thereupon began making preparations for a landing to assault the defences of Tamsui and clear the mines from the mouth of the Tamsui River.
He organised the 600 sailors available for a landing into a battalion of five companies under the command of "capitaine de frégate" Martin of "La Galissonnière", who had commanded the landing force at Keelung on 5 August with distinction. The ironclads "Bayard", "La Galissonnière" and "Triomphante" each supplied one company. The smaller vessels "d'Estaing" and "Châteaurenault" provided a fourth company, and "Tarn" and "Duguay-Trouin" a fifth.
The Chinese defences at Tamsui.
The Chinese defence was commanded by General Sun K'ai-hua (孫開華), who had been responsible for building the New Fort in 1876. He was assisted by General Chang Kao-yuan (章高元) and Brigadier-General Liu Chao-yuan, Liu Ming-ch’uan’s great-nephew. According to Liu Ming-ch'uan’s official report of the battle, the Chinese force included the Cho-Sheng Regiment, whose commanders included Kung Chang-ao (right wing), Li Ting-ming (centre division) and Fan Hui-yi (rear division). Two other regular battalions from different regiments were also present, under the direct command of Chang Kao-yuan and Liu Chao-yuan. A battalion of Formosan hillmen, recently enrolled by Li T'ung-en, also fought in a skirmishing role, under the command of Chang Li-ch’eng. The Chinese force seems to have numbered around 1,000 infantry in total.
Sun K’ai-hua deployed the Cho-Sheng Regiment in the front line. He entrenched one line of infantry in front of Fort San Domingo facing northwest, the direction from which a French assault was expected, and placed a second line of infantry in wooded terrain on the right flank, almost at a right angle to the main Chinese trenches, where it could enfilade the French advance before it reached the main defences. According to Liu Ming-ch'uan’s report, Kung Chang-ao's division was posted at a spot known as 'the false creek' ("Chia-chiang"), and Li Ting-ming's division lay in ambush at Yu-ch'e-k'ou. Neither locality can now be identified. Sun K'ai-hua commanded the regiment's defence in person.
Behind Fort San Domingo, Chang Kao-yuan and Liu Chao-yuan lay in reserve with two battalions of regulars, each from a different regiment, ready to counterattack when the moment was ripe. Chang Li-ch'eng’s hillmen were posted close to the shore in the hills to the north of the main Chinese positions, enabling them to skirmish against the left flank of the advancing French. These were intelligent dispositions, well-chosen to repulse a frontal attack.
The battle of Tamsui, 8 October 1884.
Rough seas on 6 October and 7 October prevented a landing, but on 8 October the sea was finally calm enough for a landing to take place, and Admiral Lespès landed his 600 "fusiliers-marins" opposite the New Fort early in the morning. Captain Martin of "La Galissonnière", the officer originally scheduled to command the attack, was ill, and command of the attack was transferred at the last moment to "capitaine de frégate" Boulineau of "Châteaurenault". The squadron was deployed in line ahead off the harbour entrance to support the attack, facing north. The line was headed by "Châteaurenault", followed by "d’Estaing", "Tarn", "Triomphante", "Duguay-Trouin" and "La Galissonnière", with "Vipère" bringing up the rear.
Many of the town's European residents, excited by the prospect of a battle, formed picnic parties and flocked to vantage points on the nearby hills to obtain a good view of events. They were confident that the French would win, and expected Tamsui to be in French hands by nightfall.
Boulineau deployed his five companies into two lines, with a strong guard out to the left where the danger of a flanking attack by the Chinese was strongest. His first line consisted of the landing companies of "La Galissonnière" and "Triomphante", each of 120 men, under the respective command of "lieutenants de vaisseau" Fontaine and Dehorter. Dehorter’s company held the right of the line. The second line, 200 metres behind the first, consisted of the two mixed companies from the smaller ships, each of 130 men. The company from "Tarn" and "Duguay-Trouin", under the command of "enseigne de vaisseau" Deman, was on the right, behind Dehorter’s company. "Bayard"’s landing company, 100 men strong, was posted on the left flank of the main body. The deployment, which was completed by 10 a.m. was protected by naval gunfire from the French flotilla, which swept the ground between the beach and the forts.
At 10 a.m. Boulineau led his small force forward at a smart pace over the sand dunes. Things immediately began to go wrong. The dunes had hidden the ground beyond from the sight of the French squadron. The French had been expecting to find an open terrain of rice paddies and small clumps of trees. Instead, they discovered that the approaches to the forts were thickly wooded. The battlefield was dotted with small cultivated fields surrounded by tall hedges and spiny plants. The ground was also broken by ditches, and covered with tall bushy trees. This broken terrain provided perfect cover for the Chinese, and made control by the French commanders almost impossible.
The companies and sections lost sight of one another as soon as they entered the scrub. They also began to drift off the line of advance prescribed by Admiral Lespès. Boulineau realised that there was nothing he could do to regain control, and decided he would have to rely on the initiative of his company commanders. The New Fort was still visible in the distance, so the four companies of his main body could at least see the direction in which they were supposed to be heading.
Around 11.30 a.m. the sailors from "Triomphante", on the right of the first line, made contact with Sun K'ai-hua's troops, concealed in the bushes and trenches between the White Fort and the New Fort. A firefight began at this point, which quickly spread along the French front line and drew in the landing company of "La Galissonnière". The French front line was now under heavy fire from both the Chinese trenches to its front and from the concealed enemy positions in the woods and hedges on its left. The two reserve companies, which had fallen into disorder while picking their way across the broken ground, came up to the front line shortly afterwards. The landing company from "D'Estaing" and "Châteaurenault" entered the line between Fontaine and Dehorter's companies, while Deman's company joined the left of the line.
Meanwhile the Chinese had begun to put pressure on the French left. Despite the supporting fire provided by the French ships, Chang Kao-yuan’s troops were able to force back the French flankguard from "Bayard", pushing it back on the French main body. "Bayard"'s sailors were able to link up with Deman's company, but the French landing force was now deployed in a single line around one and a half kilometres long. It no longer had any reserves. The firefight extended along the entire French front.
The Chinese and French were separated by a distance of about 100 metres. The situation called for regular, controlled volleys by the French, but the excited sailors were firing individually into the bushes, as fast as they could. Boulineau realised that they were simply wasting their ammunition. He repeatedly yelled orders to his men to cease fire, but only a small part of his command could hear him. No bugle signals could be sent, as Boulineau's bugler had been shot dead shortly after the start of the action. The French line continued to waste its ammunition on an elusive target.
The initiative now passed decisively to the Chinese. Chang Kao-yuan's troops kept up their pressure on the French left, working their way around the flank of "Bayard"'s company. Sun K'ai-hua's regulars also began to lap around the company from "Triomphante" on the French right flank, issuing out of the White Fort in large numbers. To deal with the threat to the French left, Deman took part of his company out of the front line and brought it up in support of Fontaine's men. On the right the sailors from "Triomphante" made a series of charges to hold back Sun K'ai-hua's troops.
The pressure on the French line now began to tell. The French had been engaged for an hour, and had used up two-thirds of their ammunition. As the number of wounded rose, men had to be detailed to take them back to the beach. The French line also began to drift backwards. Any hope of stemming the retreat disappeared when several French officers fell in close succession. "Lieutenant de vaisseau" Fontaine of "La Galissonnière" was wounded in the foot close to the Chinese positions on the left of the French line, where the enemy fire from both front and flank was heaviest, and fell not far from the Chinese lines. Two sailors tried to bring him in, but all three men were captured by the Chinese and immediately beheaded. "Enseigne de vaisseau" Deman was wounded close by, and on the French right flank "lieutenant de vaisseau" Dehorter of "Triomphante" was also mortally wounded.
Fontaine and Dehorter's fall was decisive. Both French flanks gave way. The landing company from "Triomphante" was now almost out of ammunition, and could no longer resist the pressure from Sun K'ai-hua's troops. On the left "Bayard"'s company was at one point cut off from the rest of the French line by Chang Kao-yuan's men, and had to charge to disengage itself.
At midday Boulineau gave the order for retreat. The landing companies fell back to the shore, bringing their wounded and some of their dead with them. Nearly one man in every ten had been wounded, and the retreat was necessarily slow. It was covered by the landing companies of "La Galissonnière" and "Triomphante", which fell back slowly, in good order, firing measured volleys to keep the Chinese at a distance. The French had to leave several of their dead behind during the retreat, including the bodies of Lieutenant Fontaine and his two helpers.
The re-embarkation began shortly afterwards. The sea had become very rough, and the boats were unable to ground. The sailors on the beach had to wade out in water up to their necks to embark. As the sailors crowded together in the choppy water, the landing force was at the mercy of a well-timed Chinese attack. Fortunately for the French, the Chinese came up slowly and did little to hinder the evacuation. During the confusion, as the French sailors struggled to clamber aboard the boats, one of the launches capsized, tipping all its occupants into the sea. The Hotchkiss "canon-revolver" mounted at its bow also fell overboard. The launch was soon righted but the French had to abandon the Hotchkiss, which was later recovered by the Chinese and displayed as a trophy of victory.
"Lieutenant de vaisseau" Augustin Boué de Lapeyrère of "Vipère" realised the potential danger of a Chinese counter-attack, and was given permission by Lespès to move his small gunboat to a position close inshore to cover the French withdrawal. From there it fired shells to keep the Chinese at a distance.
At half past midday the first boats put out from the shore and steered towards the French ships. By 1.10 p.m. they had all left the beach. "Vipère" followed them slowly, firing at increasingly long range at the Chinese troops on the shore. At 1.30 p.m. the boats reached the ships. The sea was now very rough, and the wounded cried out in pain as their comrades helped them up the ladders onto the ships' decks.
Significance.
The failure of the attack was an embarrassing setback to the French. Captain Garnot later blamed the defeat on the small size of the landing force, and on the use of naval landing companies rather than trained infantry:
There is no doubt that the main reason for the repulse was that the landing force was too small, but poor tactics also played their part. There was no vanguard to cover the advance of the line of battle. The firing line advanced without a preliminary reconnaissance into difficult terrain, under fire from Chinese snipers who were well dug-in and protected. Confusion and lack of direction was evident in the conduct of the battle. The courage and dash shown by our officers and sailors, who had not been trained for a land battle, cannot conceal the fact that we opened fire in a disorderly manner; that the reserves came up to join the line of battle prematurely, without orders; and that our troops lost our heads, firing wildly at the enemy and using up their ammunition in a few minutes. Infantry tactics cannot simply be improvised, as our landing companies learned by bitter experience.
The French defeat left them stuck on the northern part, unable to advance or capture more land.
Casualties.
French casualties at Tamsui were 17 dead and 49 wounded. The French wounded were evacuated to Keelung aboard "Tarn" on 9 October and were then taken to Saigon aboard the state transport "Nive". Lieutenant Dehorter, mortally wounded, was brought back to the French ships and evacuated with the other wounded. He died aboard "Nive" on 12 October while the transport was still at sea, and his remains were buried in Saigon.
The French dead also included "lieutenant de vaisseau" Fontaine of "La Galissonnière". The French were unable to recover Fontaine's body nor those of two French sailors killed nearby. The bodies of the three dead Frenchmen, abandoned on the battlefield, were beheaded by the Chinese, and the severed heads were paraded through Tamsui on the evening of 8 October by the victorious Chinese army. Captain Boteler of HMS "Cockchafer" and the British consul Frater complained strongly to Sun K'ai-hua about the lack of respect shown to the French dead, and the three severed heads were handed over to them for Christian burial.
Chinese casualties, according to European employees of the Tamsui customs, were 80 dead and around 200 wounded.
Treatment of French corpses.
In one engagement on 8 October 1884 , the Taiwanese aborigines, then known as Formosan "hillmen", beheaded French soldiers and put their heads up on display in the markets.
"A most unmistakable scene in the market place occurred. Some six heads of Frenchmen, heads of the true French type were exhibited, much to the disgust of foreigners. A few visited the place where they were stuck up, and were glad to leave it—not only on account of the disgusting and barbarous character of the scene, but because tlio surrounding crowd shewed signs of turbulence. At the camp also were eight other Frenchmen's heads, a sight which might have satisfied a savage or a Hill-man, but hardly consistent with the comparatively enlightened tastes, one would think, of Chinese soldiers even of to-day. It is not known how many of the French were killed and wounded; fourteen left their bodies on shore, and no doubt several wounded were taken back to the ships. (Chinese accounts state that twenty were killed and large numbers wounded.)
In the evening Captain Boteler and Consul Frater called on General Sun, remonstrating with him on the subject of cutting heads off, and allowing them to be exhibited. Consul Frater wrote him a despatch on the subject strongly deprecating such practices, aud we understand that the general promised it should not occur again, and orders were at once given to bury the heads. It is difficult for a general even situated as Sun is—having to command troops like the Hillmen, who are the veriest savages in the treatment of their enemies—to prevent such barbarities.
"It is said the Chinese buried the dead bodies of the Frenchmen after the engagement on 8th instant by order of General Sun. The Chinesse are in possession of a machine gun taken or found on the beach.
— James Wheeler Davidson, "The island of Formosa, past and present: History, people, resources, and commercial prospects. Tea, camphor, sugar, gold, coal, sulphur, economical plants, and other productions", 1903, also published as "The Island of Formosa: Historical View from 1430 to 1900"
Commemoration.
The French defeat at Tamsui on 8 October 1884 was widely publicised in China, and had a far greater effect on national morale than the simultaneous French victories in Tonkin during the Kep Campaign (6–10 October 1884). A detailed account of the battle by Liu Ming-ch'uan, which absurdly multiplied French casualties, was published in the "Peking Gazette" in November 1884. In this report, Liu claimed that 300 French troops had been killed:
The French fleet being stationed off Taipei, Hobe and other places, the French troops made a vigorous attack on 8 October and landed. Sun K'ai-hua, provincial commander-in-chief, advanced by different routes to attack them with the forces under his command. Chang Kao-yuan, provincial commander-in-chief, and others also led their divisions against the enemy. The French troops were repulsed, and again advanced several times, but our troops engaged them at close quarters, Sun K'ai-hua making a direct advance upon them with his men, and beheading the officer bearing the standard, which he captured, besides killing about 300 of the enemy.
The Chinese victory is still commemorated in Tamsui. According to local tradition, Sun K'ai-hua owed his victory to the intervention of the sea goddess Matsu, a deity revered by the seafaring Chinese of Fukien province and their descendants in Taiwan. The Kuang-hsu emperor, on receiving Liu Ming-ch'uan's report of the victory, observed with satisfaction, 'The goddess has been kind to my people and kind to myself.' A wooden commemorative tablet in the Fu-you kung (福佑宮), a Matsu temple in Tamsui completed in 1796, bears the inscription "yi-t'ien ch'ao-you" (翌天昭佑), 'the noble sky brings kindly sunshine', in allusion to the emperor's words.
Significance.
The battle, one of the rare French defeats in the Sino-French War, was of considerable political significance. China's war party had been placed on the defensive after the loss of China's Fukien fleet in the Battle of Foochow on 23 August 1884, but the unexpected Chinese victory at Tamsui six weeks later bolstered the position of the hardliners in the Qing court. A court conference convened by the empress dowager Tz'u-hsi on 28 October decided to continue the war against France until the French withdrew their demand for the payment of an indemnity for the Bac Le ambush. On 5 November the Qing court offered the French peace terms so extreme that they had no chance whatever of being accepted. They included demands for the cancellation of the Tientsin Accord, the abandonment by France of its protectorate over Annam and Tonkin, and the continuing occupation of Lao Cai, Cao Bang and Lang Son by Chinese troops. The British foreign secretary Lord Granville, who was seeking to mediate the dispute between France and China, described the Chinese terms as 'those from a victor to the vanquished' and refused to transmit them to the French. The intransigence of the Qing court ensured that the Sino-French War would continue for several more months, with increasing losses and expenditure on both sides.

</doc>
<doc id="20287097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287097" title="Takayuki Nakahara">
Takayuki Nakahara

Club career stats.
As of 23 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20287100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287100" title="Wisconsin Wolfpack">
Wisconsin Wolfpack

The Wisconsin Wolfpack was an American football franchise based in Wisconsin. The Wolfpack name and brand was used for two teams: an indoor football team in the Continental Indoor Football League and a traditional (outdoor) football team in the Mid Continental Football League. 
The indoor team played its home games at the Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Madison, Wisconsin in its inaugural season of 2009, but moved to the Hartmeyer Arena for the 2010 season. The outdoor team was somewhat nomadic throughout its history with regards to where it played its home games, however, outdoor games were generally played in the Milwaukee metropolitan area.
Indoor Wolfpack.
Indoor History.
Prior to the Wolfpack franchise's 2008 outdoor campaign, the Milwaukee Bonecrushers of the Continental Indoor Football League approached the Wolfpack coaches and staff and asked them to assist with the completion of their 2008 season following Gilbert Brown's decision to resign as head coach and the resulting resignation of most of the Bonecrushers' staff. Kopac assumed the role of general manager for the Bonecrushers, and brought with him the core coaches of the Wolfpack outdoor team that would later become the core of the Wolfpack indoor team. Kopac led the team to its only win, a 51-46 victory of the Muskegon Thunder.
With infrastructure already in place from the outdoor team, and following the previous year's experience with the Bonecrushers, Wolfpack management announced in early 2009 it would field both indoor and outdoor teams that year. To start the indoor team, Kopac coordinated with Lowe Entertainment, owners of the Rock River Raptors, also in the CIFL, to have Lowe run the indoor franchise while retaining Kopac as head coach. The Wolfpack were Madison's second indoor football franchise and the first to call Madison home since the Madison Mad Dogs folded in 2001. 
The Wolfpack played its inaugural season's home games at the Veterans Memorial Coliseum on the campus of the Alliant Energy Center and used AstroTurf previously belonging to the Pensacola Barracudas of AF2. In its inaugural season, the team finished 7-5 and qualified for the CIFL Playoffs, The team started 5-1 but struggled late in the season after former All-American UW-Platteville quarterback Tom Stetzer was lost to injury. The Wolfpack would fall to the eventual undefeated CIFL champion Chicago Slaughter in the 2009 CIFL Western Conference Championship Game, 63-19.
For 2010, the Wolfpack chose to move its home games to the Hartmeyer Arena on the northeast side of Madison. 2010 also saw the team stock its roster with more players from the nearby Wisconsin Badgers football program. Joining defensive lineman Kurt Ware and linebacker James Kamoku from the 2009 Wolfpack would be tight end Andy Crooks, safety Josh Nettles, defensive lineman Ricky Garner, offensive lineman Kenny Jones and, following a season-ending injury to quarterback Brian Ryczkowski, Matt Schabert. Under Schabert's guidance, the Wolfpack had its most successful season to date, indoor or outdoor, finishing the regular season 8-2 and becoming the only team to defeat the then-undefeated Cincinnati Commandos. The Wolfpack would win its first-ever home playoff game, beating the Fort Wayne FireHawks, 25-24, before falling to the Commandos in the 2010 CIFL Championship Game, 54-40, in Cincinnati.
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 16 || 9 || 0
Outdoor Wolfpack.
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 15 || 15 || 1
Racine Raiders Merger.
After much speculation, the Racine Journal Times reported on December 9, 2010 that Jordan Kopac would return to coaching the Racine Raiders in 2011. This effectively marked the end of the Wolfpack as a franchise. 

</doc>
<doc id="20287117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287117" title="USS Watonwan (ID-4296)">
USS Watonwan (ID-4296)

USS "Watonwan" (ID-4296) was a United States Navy cargo ship in commission in 1919.
"Watonwan" was a steel-hulled, single-screw freighter built for the United States Shipping Board in 1918 at Bristol, Pennsylvania, by the Merchant Shipbuilding Corporation. In 1919 she was taken over by the U.S. Navy for operation by the Naval Overseas Transportation Service (NOTS). Assigned Identification Number (Id. No.) 4296, she was placed in commission at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on 4 February 1919 with Lieutenant Commander Arnold H. Lewis, USNRF, in command.
After loading 7,087 tons of flour, "Watonwan" departed Philadelphia on 19 February 1919, bound for the British Isles, and arrived in Falmouth, England, on 5 March 1919. After discharging a part of her cargo there, she departed Falmouth on 12 March 1919 and called at Plymouth, England, and Gibraltar before departing Gibraltar on 22 March 1919 for Italy. Reaching Genoa on 26 March 1919, she discharged the last of her cargo of flour there, loaded 1,250 tons of stone ballast, and sailed via Gibraltar for the United States.
"Watonwan" tarried briefly at Norfolk, Virginia, arriving on 26 April 1919 and departing on 27 April 1919, before moving on to New Orleans, Louisiana. She arrived there on 8 May 1919 and was decommissioned on 14 May 1919. She was simultaneously struck from the Navy List and returned to the Shipping Board. Laid up in 1923, "Watonwan" was eventually abandoned, due to age and deterioration, in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="20287129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287129" title="History of the Cleveland Indians">
History of the Cleveland Indians

The Cleveland Indians are a professional baseball team based in Cleveland, Ohio. They are in the Central Division of Major League Baseball's American League. Since 1994, they have played in Progressive Field. The Cleveland team originated in 1900 as the Lake Shores, when the American League (AL) was officially a minor league. One of the AL's eight charter franchises, the major league incarnation of the club was founded in Cleveland in 1901.
1894–1946: Beginning to middle.
The Grand Rapids Rustlers was founded in Michigan in 1894 and were in the Western League. In 1900 the team moved to Cleveland and was named The Cleveland Lake Shores. Around the same time Ban Johnson changed the name of his minor league Western League to the American League. In 1900 the American League was still considered a minor league. In 1901 Cleveland renamed itself the "Bluebirds" when the American League broke with the National Agreement and declared itself a competing Major League. The Cleveland franchise was among its eight charter members.
The new team was owned by coal magnate Charles Somers and tailor Jack Kilfoyl. Somers, a wealthy industrialist and also co-owner of the Boston Americans, lent money to other team owners, including Connie Mack's Philadelphia Athletics, to keep them and the new league afloat. Players didn't think the name "Bluebirds" was suitable for a baseball team. Writers frequently shortened it to "Blues" due to the players' all-blue uniforms, but the players didn't like this name either. The players themselves tried to change the name to "Broncos" in , but it never really caught on.
The Bluebirds suffered from financial problems in their first two seasons. This led Somers to seriously consider moving to either Pittsburgh or Cincinnati. Relief came in 1902 as a result of the conflict between the National and American Leagues. In 1901, Napoleon "Nap" Lajoie, the Philadelphia Phillies' star second baseman, jumped to the A's after his contract was capped at $2,400 per year—one of the highest-profile players to jump to the upstart AL. The Phillies subsequently filed an injunction to force Lajoie's return, which was granted by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court. The injunction appeared to doom any hopes of an early settlement between the warring leagues. However, a lawyer discovered that the injunction was only enforceable in the state of Pennsylvania. Mack, partly to thank Somers for his past financial support, agreed to trade Lajoie to the then-moribund Blues, who offered $25,000 salary over three years. Due to the injunction, however, Lajoie had to sit out any games played against the A's in Philadelphia. Lajoie arrived in Cleveland on June 4 and was an immediate hit, drawing 10,000 fans to League Park. Soon afterward, he was named team captain, and the team was renamed the "Naps" after a newspaper conducted a write-in contest.
Lajoie was named manager in , and the team's fortunes improved somewhat. They finished half a game short of the pennant in 1908. However, the success did not last and Lajoie resigned during the 1909 season as manager but remained on as a player.
After that, the team began to unravel, leading Kilfoyl to sell his share of the team to Somers. Cy Young, who returned to Cleveland in 1909, was ineffective for most of his three remaining years and Addie Joss died from tubercular meningitis prior to the season.
Despite a strong lineup anchored by the potent Lajoie and Shoeless Joe Jackson, poor pitching kept the team below third place for most of the next decade. One reporter referred to the team as the Napkins, "because they fold up so easily". In 1912 the teams name was changed to "Cleveland Molly McGuires" after the coal miners who were trying to establish a union and were regarded as "heroes". The name lasted only three years. The team hit bottom in 1914 and 1915, finishing in the cellar both years.
1915 brought significant changes to the team. Lajoie, nearly 40 years old was no longer a top hitter in the league, batting only .258 in 1914. With Lajoie engaged in a feud with manager Joe Birmingham, the team sold Lajoie back to the A's.
With Lajoie gone, the Molly McGuires now needed a new nickname. Somers asked the local newspapers to come up with a new name, and they chose "Indians". Legend has it that the team honored Louis Sockalexis when it assumed its current name in 1915. Sockalexis, a Native American, had played in Cleveland 1897–99. Research indicates that this legend is mostly untrue, and that the new name was a play on the name of the Boston Braves, then known as the "Miracle Braves" after going from last place on July 4 to a sweep in the 1914 World Series. Proponents of the name acknowledged that the Cleveland Spiders of the National League had sometimes been informally called the "Indians" during Sockalexis' short career there, a fact which merely reinforced the new name.
At the same time, Somers' business ventures began to fail, leaving him deeply in debt. With the Indians playing poorly, attendance and revenue suffered. Somers decided to trade Jackson midway through the 1915 season for two players and $31,500, one of the largest sums paid for a player at the time.
By , Somers was at the end of his tether, and sold the team to a syndicate headed by Chicago railroad contractor James C. "Jack" Dunn. Manager Lee Fohl, who had taken over in early 1915, acquired two minor league pitchers, Stan Coveleski and Jim Bagby and traded for center fielder Tris Speaker, who was engaged in a salary dispute with the Red Sox. All three would ultimately become key players in bringing a championship to Cleveland.
Speaker took over the reins as player-manager in , and would lead the team to a championship in 1920. On August 16, the Indians were playing the Yankees at the Polo Grounds in New York. Shortstop Ray Chapman, who often crowded the plate, was batting against Carl Mays, who had an unusual underhand delivery. It was also late in the afternoon and the infield would have been in shadow with the center field area (the batters' background) bathed in sunlight. As well, at the time, "part of every pitcher's job was to dirty up a new ball the moment it was thrown onto the field. By turns, they smeared it with dirt, licorice, tobacco juice; it was deliberately scuffed, sandpapered, scarred, cut, even spiked. The result was a misshapen, earth-colored ball that traveled through the air erratically, tended to soften in the later innings, and as it came over the plate, was very hard to see."
In any case, Chapman did not move reflexively when Mays' pitch came his way. The pitch hit Chapman in the head, fracturing his skull. Chapman died the next day, becoming the only player to sustain a fatal injury from a pitched ball. The Indians, who at the time were locked in a tight three-way pennant race with the Yankees and White Sox, were not slowed down by the death of their teammate. Rookie Joe Sewell hit .329 after replacing Chapman in the lineup.
In September 1920, the Black Sox Scandal came to a boil. With just a few games left in the season, and Cleveland and Chicago neck-and-neck for first place at 94–54 and 95–56 respectively, the Chicago owner suspended eight players. The White Sox lost 2 of 3 in their final series, while Cleveland won 4 and lost 2 in their final two series. Cleveland finished 2 games ahead of Chicago and 3 games ahead of the Yankees to win its first pennant, led by Speaker's .388 hitting, Jim Bagby's 30 victories and solid performances from Steve O'Neill and Stan Coveleski. Cleveland went on to defeat the Brooklyn Robins 5–2 in the World Series for their first title, winning four games in a row after the Robins took a 2–1 Series lead. The Series included three memorable "firsts", all of them in Game 5 at Cleveland, and all by the home team. In the first inning, right fielder Elmer Smith hit the first Series grand slam. In the fourth inning, Jim Bagby hit the first Series home run by a pitcher. And in the top of the fifth inning, second baseman Bill Wambsganss executed the first (and only, so far) unassisted triple play in World Series history, in fact the only Series triple play of any kind.
The team would not reach the heights of 1920 again for 28 years. Speaker and Coveleski were aging and the Yankees were rising with a new weapon: Babe Ruth and the home run. They managed two second-place finishes but spent much of the decade in the cellar. In 1927 Dunn's widow, Mrs. George Pross (Dunn had died in 1922), sold the team to a syndicate headed by Alva Bradley.
The Indians were a middling team by the 1930s, finishing third or fourth most years. brought Cleveland a 17-year old pitcher Bob Feller, who came from Iowa with a dominating fastball. That season, Feller set a record with 17 strikeouts in a single game and went on to lead the league in strikeouts from 1938–1941.
On August 20, 1938, Indians catchers Hank Helf and Frank Pytlak set the "all-time altitude mark" by catching baseballs dropped from the 708-foot Terminal Tower.
By , Feller, along with Ken Keltner, Mel Harder and Lou Boudreau led the Indians to within one game of the pennant. However, the team was wracked with dissension, with some players (including Feller and Harder) going so far as to request that Bradley fire manager Ossie Vitt. Reporters lampooned them as the Cleveland Crybabies. Feller, who had pitched a no-hitter to open the season and won 27 games, lost the final game of the season to unknown pitcher Floyd Giebell of the Detroit Tigers. The Tigers won the pennant and Giebell never won another major league game.
Cleveland entered 1941 with a young team and a new manager; Roger Peckinpaugh had replaced the despised Vitt; but the team regressed, finishing in fourth. Cleveland would soon be depleted of two stars. Hal Trosky retired in 1941 due to migraine headaches and Bob Feller enlisted in the U.S. Navy two days after the attack on Pearl Harbor. Starting third baseman Ken Keltner and outfielder Ray Mack were both drafted in 1945 taking two more starters out of the lineup.
1947–1959.
In Bill Veeck formed an investment group that purchased the Cleveland Indians from Bradley's group for a reported $1.6 million. Among the investors was Bob Hope, who had grown up in Cleveland, and former Tigers slugger, Hank Greenberg.
A former owner of a minor league franchise in Milwaukee, Veeck brought to Cleveland a gift for promotion. At one point, Veeck hired rubber-faced Max Patkin, the "Clown Prince of Baseball" as a coach. Patkin's appearance in the coaching box was the sort of promotional stunt that delighted fans but infuriated the American League front office.
Recognizing that he had acquired a solid team, Veeck soon abandoned the aging, small and lightless League Park to take up full-time residence in massive Cleveland Municipal Stadium. Prior to 1947 the Indians played most of their games at League Park, and occasionally played weekend games at Cleveland Municipal Stadium. League Park was demolished in 1951, although a portion of the original ticket booth remains.
Making the most of the cavernous stadium, Veeck had a portable center field fence installed, which he could move in or out depending on how the distance favored the Indians against their opponents in a given series. The fence moved as much as between series opponents. Following the 1947 season, the American League countered with a rule change that fixed the distance of an outfield wall for the duration of a season. The massive stadium did, however, permit the Indians to set the then record for the largest crowd to see a Major League baseball game. On October 10, 1948, Game 5 of the World Series against the Boston Braves drew over 84,000. The record stood until the Los Angeles Dodgers drew a crowd in excess of 92,500 to watch Game 5 of the 1959 World Series at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum against the Chicago White Sox.
Under Veeck's leadership, one of Cleveland's most significant achievements was breaking the color barrier in the American League by signing Larry Doby, formerly a player for the Negro League's Newark Eagles in , eleven weeks after Jackie Robinson signed with the Dodgers. Similar to Robinson, Doby battled racism on and off the field but posted a .301 batting average in 1948, his first full season. A power-hitting center fielder, Doby led the American League twice in homers.
In 1948, needing pitching for the stretch run of the pennant race, Veeck turned to the Negro League again and signed pitching great Satchel Paige amid much controversy. Barred from Major League Baseball during his prime, Veeck's signing of the aging star in 1948 was viewed by many as another publicity stunt. At an official age of 42, Paige became the oldest rookie in Major League baseball history, and the first black pitcher. Paige ended the year with a 6–1 record with a 2.48 ERA, 45 strikeouts and two shutouts.
In , veterans Boudreau, Keltner, and Joe Gordon had career offensive seasons, while newcomers Larry Doby and Gene Bearden also had standout seasons. The team went down to the wire with the Boston Red Sox, winning a one-game playoff, the first in American League history, to go to the World Series. In the series, the Indians defeated the Boston Braves four games to two for their first championship in 28 years. Boudreau won the American League MVP Award.
The Indians would appear in a film the following year titled "The Kid From Cleveland", in which Veeck had an interest. The film portrayed the team helping out a "troubled teenaged fan" and featured many members of the Indians organization. However, filming during the season cost the players valuable rest days leading to fatigue towards the end of the season. That season, Cleveland again contended before falling to third place. On September 23, 1949, Bill Veeck and the Indians buried their 1948 pennant in center field the day after they were mathematically eliminated from the pennant race.
Later in 1949, Veeck's first wife (who had a half-stake in Veeck's share of the team) divorced him. With most of his money tied up in the Indians, Veeck was forced to sell the team to a syndicate headed by insurance magnate Ellis Ryan. Ryan was forced out in in favor of Myron Wilson, who in turn gave way to William Daley in . Despite this turnover in the ownership, a powerhouse team composed of Feller, Doby, Minnie Miñoso, Luke Easter, Bobby Ávila, Al Rosen, Early Wynn, Bob Lemon, and Mike Garcia continued to contend through the early 1950s. However, Cleveland only won a single pennant in the decade, finishing second to the New York Yankees five times.
The winningest season in franchise history came in , when the Indians finished the season with a record of 111-43 (.721). That mark set an American League record for wins which stood for 44 years until the Yankees won 114 games in 1998 (a 162-game regular season). The Indians 1954 winning percentage of .721 is still an American League record. The Indians returned to the World Series to face the New York Giants. The team could not bring home the title, however, ultimately being upset by the Giants in a sweep. The series was notable for Willie Mays' over-the-shoulder catch off the bat of Vic Wertz in Game 1.
1960–1993: The 30-year slump.
From 1960 to 1993, the Indians managed one third-place finish (in 1968) and six fourth-place finishes (in 1960, 1974, 1975, 1976, 1990, and 1992) but spent the rest of the time at or near the bottom of the standings.
Frank Lane becomes general manager.
The Indians hired general manager Frank Lane, known as "Trader" Lane, away from the St. Louis Cardinals in 1957. Over the years, Lane had gained a reputation as a GM who loved to make deals. With the White Sox, Lane had made over 100 trades involving over 400 players in seven years. In a short stint in St. Louis, he traded away Red Schoendienst and Harvey Haddix. Lane summed up his philosophy when he said that the only deals he regretted were the ones that he didn't make.
One of Lane's early trades in Cleveland was to send Roger Maris to the Kansas City Athletics in the middle of 1958. Indians executive Hank Greenberg was not happy about the trade and neither was Maris, who said that he could not stand Lane. After Maris broke Babe Ruth's home run record, Lane defended himself by saying he still would have done the deal because Maris was unknown and he received good ballplayers in exchange.
After the Maris trade, Lane acquired 25-year old Norm Cash from the White Sox for Minnie Miñoso and then traded him to Detroit before he ever played a game for the Indians; Cash went on to hit over 350 home runs for the Tigers. The Indians received Steve Demeter in the deal, who would have only five at-bats for Cleveland.
Curse of Rocky Colavito.
In 1960, Lane made the trade that would define his tenure in Cleveland when he dealt slugging right fielder and fan favorite Rocky Colavito to the Detroit Tigers for Harvey Kuenn just before Opening Day in .
It was a blockbuster trade that swapped the AL home run co-champion (Colavito) for the AL batting champion (Kuenn). After the trade, however, Colavito hit over 30 home runs four times and made three All-Star teams for Detroit and Kansas City before returning to Cleveland in . Kuenn, on the other hand, would play only one season for the Indians before departing for San Francisco in a trade for an aging Johnny Antonelli and Willie Kirkland. "Akron Beacon Journal" columnist Terry Pluto documented the decades of woe that followed the trade in his book "The Curse of Rocky Colavito". Despite being attached to the curse, Colavito said that he never placed a curse on the Indians but that the trade was prompted by a salary dispute with Lane.
Lane also engineered a unique trade of managers in mid-season 1960, sending Joe Gordon to the Tigers in exchange for Jimmy Dykes. Lane left the team in 1961, but ill-advised trades continued. In 1965, the Indians traded pitcher Tommy John, who would go on to win 288 games in his career, and 1966 Rookie of the Year Tommy Agee to the White Sox to get Colavito back.
1969 Move to the East Division.
Lou Piniella, the 1969 Rookie of the Year and Luis Tiant, who was selected to two All-Star Games after leaving, both left. At one point, Cleveland even traded Harry Chiti to the New York Mets, only to receive him back as the player to be named later after 15 days. The 1970s were little better, with the Indians trading away several future stars, including Graig Nettles, Dennis Eckersley, Buddy Bell and 1971 Rookie of the Year Chris Chambliss, for a number of players who made no impact.
Constant ownership changes did not help the Indians. In 1963, Daley's syndicate sold the team to a group headed by general manager Gabe Paul. Three years later, Paul sold the Indians to Vernon Stouffer, of the Stouffer's frozen-food empire. Prior to Stouffer's purchase, the team was rumored to be relocated due to poor attendance. Despite the potential for a financially strong owner, Stouffer had some non-baseball related financial setbacks and, consequently, the team was cash-poor. In order to solve some financial problems, Stouffer had made an agreement to play a minimum of 30 home games in New Orleans with a view to a possible move there. After rejecting an offer from George Steinbrenner and former Indian Al Rosen, Stouffer sold the team in 1972 to a group led by Cleveland Cavaliers and Cleveland Barons owner Nick Mileti. Steinbrenner went on to buy the New York Yankees in 1973.
Only five years later, Mileti's group sold the team for $11 million to a syndicate headed by trucking magnate Steve O'Neill and including former general manager and owner Gabe Paul. O'Neill's death in 1983 led to the team going on the market once more. His son, Patrick O'Neill, did not find a buyer until real estate magnates Richard and David Jacobs purchased the team in 1986.
The team was unable to move out of the cellar, with losing seasons between 1969 and 1975. One highlight was the acquisition of Gaylord Perry in . The Indians traded fireballer "Sudden Sam" McDowell for Perry, who became the first Indian pitcher to win the Cy Young Award. In , Cleveland broke another color barrier with the hiring of Frank Robinson as Major League Baseball's first African American manager. Robinson served as player-manager and would provide a franchise highlight when he hit a pinch hit home run on Opening Day. But the high profile signing of Wayne Garland, a 20-game winner in Baltimore, proved to be a disaster after Garland suffered from shoulder problems and went 28–48 over five years. The team failed to improve with Robinson as manager and he was fired in . In 1977, pitcher Dennis Eckersley threw a no-hitter against the California Angels. The next season, he would be dealt to the Boston Red Sox where he won 20 games in 1978 and another 17 in 1979.
The 1970s also featured the infamous Ten Cent Beer Night at Cleveland Municipal Stadium. The ill-conceived promotion at a game against the Texas Rangers ended in a riot by fans and a forfeit by the Indians.
There were more bright spots in the 1980s. In May 1981, Len Barker threw a perfect game against the Toronto Blue Jays, joining Addie Joss as the only other Indian pitcher to do so. "Super Joe" Charbonneau won the American League Rookie of the Year award. Unfortunately, Charboneau was out of baseball by 1983 after falling victim to back injuries and Barker, who was also hampered by injuries, never became a consistently dominant starting pitcher.
Eventually, the Indians traded Barker to the Atlanta Braves for Brett Butler and Brook Jacoby, who would become mainstays of the team for the remainder of the decade. Butler and Jacoby were joined by Joe Carter, Mel Hall, Julio Franco and Cory Snyder, which brought new hope to fans in the late 1980s.
After a rare winning season in , Sports Illustrated, with Carter and Snyder pictured on the cover, boldly predicted the Indians to win the American League East in . Instead, the team went on to lose 101 games and finish with the worst record in baseball, a fate attributed to the Sports Illustrated cover jinx.
Cleveland's struggles over the 30-year span were highlighted in the 1989 film "Major League", which comically depicted a hapless Cleveland ball club going from worst to first by the end of the film.
Organizational turnaround.
Throughout the 1980s, Indians owners had pushed for a new stadium. Cleveland Stadium had been a symbol of the Indians' glory years in the 1940s and 1950s. However, during the lean years even crowds of 40,000 were swallowed up by the cavernous environment. The old stadium was not aging gracefully; chunks of concrete were falling off in sections and the old wooden pilings now petrified. In 1984, a proposal for a $150 million domed stadium was defeated in a referendum 2–1.
Finally, in May 1990, Cuyahoga County voters passed an excise tax on sales of alcohol and cigarettes in the county. The tax proceeds would be used to finance the building of the Gateway Sports and Entertainment Complex which would include Jacobs Field and Gund Arena for the Cleveland Cavaliers basketball team. The team had new ownership and a new stadium on the way. They now needed a winning team.
The team's fortunes started to turn in , ironically with a very unpopular trade. The team sent power-hitting outfielder Joe Carter to the San Diego Padres for two unproven players, Sandy Alomar, Jr. and Carlos Baerga. Alomar made an immediate impact, not only being elected to the All-Star team but also winning Cleveland's fourth Rookie of the Year award and a Gold Glove. Baerga would become a three-time All-Star with consistent offensive production.
Indians general manager John Hart made a number of moves that would finally bring success to the team. In , he hired former Indian Mike Hargrove to manage and traded catcher Eddie Taubensee to the Houston Astros who, with a surplus of outfielders, were willing to part with Kenny Lofton. Lofton finished second in AL Rookie of the Year balloting with a .285 average and 66 stolen bases.
The Indians were named "Organization of the Year" by Baseball America in 1992, in response to the appearance of offensive bright spots and an improving farm system.
The team suffered a tragedy during spring training of , when a boat carrying pitchers Steve Olin, Tim Crews, and Bob Ojeda crashed into a pier. Olin and Crews were killed, and Ojeda was seriously injured. (Ojeda missed most of the season, and would retire the following year).
By the end of the 1993 season, the team was in transition, leaving Cleveland Stadium and fielding a talented nucleus of young players. Many of those players came from the Indians' new AAA farm team, the Charlotte Knights, who won the International League title that year.
1994–2000: Central Division is created.
New beginning.
Indians General Manager John Hart and team owner Richard Jacobs managed to turn the team's fortunes around. The Indians opened Jacobs Field in 1994 with the aim of improving on the prior season's sixth-place finish. The Indians were only one game behind the division-leading Chicago White Sox on August 12 when a players strike wiped out the rest of the season. The strike also led to an absurdity: The Minnesota Twins traded Winfield to the Cleveland Indians at the trade waiver deadline on August 31 for a "player to be named later." The 1994 season had been halted two weeks earlier (it was eventually canceled a month later on September 14), so Winfield did not get to play for the Indians that year and no player was ever named in exchange. To settle the trade, Cleveland and Minnesota executives went to dinner, with the Indians picking up the tab. This makes Winfield the only player in major league history to be traded for a dinner.
1995 season: first since 1954.
Having contended for the division in the aborted 1994 season, Cleveland sprinted to a 100–44 record (18 games were lost to player/owner negotiations) in 1995 winning its first ever divisional title. Veterans Dennis Martínez, Orel Hershiser and Eddie Murray combined with a young core of players including Albert Belle, Jim Thome, Manny Ramírez and Charles Nagy to lead the league in team batting average as well as team ERA.
After defeating the Boston Red Sox in the Division Series and the Seattle Mariners in the ALCS, Cleveland clinched a World Series berth, for the first time since 1954. The World Series ended in disappointment with the Indians falling in six games to the Atlanta Braves. The Indians repeated as AL Central champions in , but lost to the Baltimore Orioles in the Division Series. Notably in 1996, tickets for every home game for the Indians sold out before opening day.
1997 season: two outs away!
In 1997 Cleveland started slow but finished with an 86–75 record. Taking their third consecutive AL Central title, the Indians defeated the heavily favored New York Yankees in the Division Series, 3–2. After defeating the Baltimore Orioles in the ALCS, Cleveland went on to face the Florida Marlins in the World Series which featured the coldest game in World Series history. With the series tied after game six, the Indians went into the ninth inning of Game 7 with a 2–1 lead, but closer José Mesa allowed the Marlins to tie the game. In the eleventh inning, Edgar Rentería drove in the winning run giving the Marlins their first championship.
Cleveland became the first team to lose the World Series after carrying the lead into the bottom of the ninth inning of the seventh game. In his 2002 autobiography, Indians shortstop Omar Vizquel blamed José Mesa for the loss, which led to a feud between the players.
1998–2001.
In , the Indians made the playoffs for the fourth straight year. After defeating the wild-card Boston Red Sox three games to one in the first round of the playoffs, Cleveland lost the 1998 ALCS in six games to the New York Yankees, who had come into the playoffs with 114 wins in the regular season.
For the season, Cleveland added relief pitcher Ricardo Rincón and Roberto Alomar, brother of catcher Sandy Alomar, and won the Central Division title for its fifth consecutive playoff appearance. The team scored 1,009 runs, becoming the first (and to date only) team since the 1950 Boston Red Sox to score more than 1,000 runs in a season. This time, Cleveland did not make it past the first round, losing the Division Series to the Red Sox, despite taking a two-games-to-none lead in the series. In game three, Indians starter Dave Burba went down with an injury in the 4th inning. Four pitchers, including presumed game four starter Jaret Wright, surrendered nine runs in relief. Without a long reliever or emergency starter on the playoff roster, Hargrove started both Bartolo Colón and Charles Nagy in games four and five on only three days rest. The Indians lost game four 23–7 and game five 12–8. Four days later, Hargrove was dismissed as manager.
In , the Indians had a 44–42 start, but caught fire after the All Star break and went 46–30 the rest of the way to finish 90–72. The team had one of the league's best offenses that year and a defense that yielded three gold gloves. However, they ended up five games behind the Chicago White Sox in the Central division and missed the wild card by one game to the Seattle Mariners. Mid-season trades brought Bob Wickman and Jake Westbrook to Cleveland, and free agent Manny Ramírez departed for Boston after the season.
The Indians set a Major League record for most pitchers used in a single season. Colon, Burba, and Chuck Finley posted strong seasons, and the bullpen was solid. But with Jaret Wright and Charles Nagy spending months on the disabled list, the team could not solidify the final two spots in the rotation. Other starting pitchers that season combined for a total of 346⅔ innings and 265 earned runs for an ERA of 6.88.
In 2000, Larry Dolan bought the Indians for $320 million from Richard Jacobs, who, along with his late brother David, had paid $45 million for the club in 1986. The sale set a record at the time for the sale of a baseball franchise.
One of the highlights came on August 5, 2001, when the Indians completed the biggest comeback in MLB History. Cleveland rallied to close a 14–2 deficit in the sixth inning to defeat the Seattle Mariners 15–14 in 11 innings. The Mariners, who won a record 116 games that season, had a strong bullpen, and Indians manager Charlie Manuel had already pulled many of his starters with the game seemingly out of reach.
Seattle and Cleveland met in the first round of the playoffs, with the Indians taking a two-games-to-one lead. However, with Freddy Garcia, Jamie Moyer and a strong bullpen, the Mariners won Games 4 and 5 to deny the Indians their first playoff series victory since 1998. In the 2001 offseason, GM John Hart resigned and his assistant Mark Shapiro took the reins.
2002-2010: Shapiro years.
First "rebuilding of the team".
Shapiro moved to rebuild by dealing aging veterans for younger talent. He traded Roberto Alomar to the New York Mets for a package that included outfielder Matt Lawton and prospects Alex Escobar and Billy Traber. When the team fell out of contention in mid-, Shapiro fired manager Charlie Manuel and traded pitching ace Bartolo Colón for prospects Brandon Phillips, Cliff Lee, and Grady Sizemore; acquired Travis Hafner from the Rangers for Ryan Drese and Einar Díaz; and picked up Coco Crisp from the St. Louis Cardinals for aging starter Chuck Finley. Jim Thome left after the season, going to the Phillies for a larger contract.
Young Indians teams finished far out of contention in 2002 and under new manager Eric Wedge. They posted strong offensive numbers in , but continued to struggle with a bullpen that blew more than 20 saves. A highlight of the season was a 22–0 victory over the New York Yankees on August 31, one of the worst defeats suffered by the Yankees in team history.
In early , the offense got off to a poor start. After a brief July slump, the Indians caught fire in August, and cut a 15.5 game deficit in the Central Division down to 1.5 games. However, the season came to an end as the Indians went on to lose six of their last seven games, five of them by one run, missing the playoffs by only two games. Shapiro was named Executive of the Year in 2005.The next season, the club made several roster changes, while retaining its nucleus of young players. The off-season was highlighted by the acquisition of top prospect Andy Marte from the Boston Red Sox. The Indians had a solid offensive season, led by career years from Travis Hafner and Grady Sizemore. Hafner, despite missing the last month of the season, tied the single season grand slam record of six, which was set in by Don Mattingly. Despite the solid offensive performance, the bullpen struggled with 23 blown saves (a Major League worst), and the Indians finished a disappointing fourth.
In , Shapiro signed veteran help for the bullpen and outfield in the offseason. Veterans Aaron Fultz, and Joe Borowski joined Rafael Betancourt in the Indians bullpen. Shapiro also signed right fielder Trot Nixon and left fielder David Dellucci to short-term contracts for veteran leadership. The Indians improved significantly over the prior year and went into the All-Star break in second place. The team brought back Kenny Lofton for his third stint with the team in late July. The Indians finished with a 96–66 record tied with the Red Sox for best in baseball, their seventh Central Division title in 13 years and their first post-season trip since 2001.
The Indians began their playoff run by defeating the New York Yankees in the American League Division Series three games to one. This series will be most remembered for the swarm of bugs that overtook the field in the later innings of game 2. They also jumped out to a three-games-to-one lead over the Red Sox in the American League Championship Series. The season ended in disappointment when Boston swept the final three games to advance to the 2007 World Series.
Despite the loss, Cleveland players took home a number of awards. Grady Sizemore, who had a .995 fielding percentage and only two errors in 405 chances, won the Gold Glove award, Cleveland's first since 2001. Indians Pitcher CC Sabathia won the second Cy Young Award in team history with a 19–7 record, a 3.21 ERA and an MLB-leading 241 innings pitched. Eric Wedge was awarded the first Manager of the Year Award in team history. Shapiro was named to his second Executive of the Year in 2007.
Second "rebuilding of the team".
The Indians struggled during the 2008 season. Injuries to sluggers Travis Hafner and Victor Martinez, as well as starting pitchers Jake Westbrook and Fausto Carmona led to a poor start. The Indians, falling to last place for a short time in June and July, traded CC Sabathia to the Milwaukee Brewers for prospects Matt LaPorta, Rob Bryson, and Michael Brantley. and traded starting third basemen, Casey Blake, for catching prospect Carlos Santana. However, amid the mediocrity, some key players, such as shortstop Jhonny Peralta and catcher Kelly Shoppach, who took over starting duties after Martinez was injured, began to shine. Pitcher Cliff Lee went 22-3 with an ERA of 2.54 and earned the AL Cy Young Award. Grady Sizemore had a career year, winning a Gold Glove and Silver Slugger, and the Indians finished with a record of 81-81.
Prospects for the 2009 season dimmed early when the Indians ended May with a record of 22-30. Shapiro made multiple trades: Cliff Lee and Ben Francisco to the Philadelphia Phillies for prospects Jason Knapp, Carlos Carrasco, Jason Donald and Lou Marson; Victor Martinez to the Boston Red Sox for prospects Bryan Price, Nick Hagadone and Justin Masterson; Ryan Garko to the Texas Rangers for Scott Barnes; and Kelly Shoppach to the Tampa Bay Devil Rays for Mitch Talbot. The Indians finished the season tied for last in their division,
with a record of 65-97. The team announced on September 30, 2009, that Eric Wedge and all of the team's coaching staff would be released at the end of the 2009 season. Manny Acta was hired as the team's 40th manager on October 25, 2009.
On February 18, 2010, it was announced that Shapiro (following the end of the 2010 season) will be promoted to team President, with current President Paul Dolan becoming the new Chairman/CEO, and longtime Shapiro assistant Chris Antonetti filling the GM role.
2011–present: GM Chris Antonetti.
On January 18, 2011, longtime popular former first baseman and manager Mike Hargrove was brought in as a special adviser.
The Indians started 2011 red-hot, going 30-15 in their first 45 games. The team remained around .500 and kept pace with the division leading Tigers through August, just 1.5 games behind them with a record of 54-51 on July 28. However, after that point, the team collapsed, going 26-31 after that period, and finished 80-82, but in second place in the AL Central, 15 games behind Detroit. Their record was the team's best since 2008 and a 15-game improvement over 2010.
The Tribe went into 2012 thinking they could contend for the Wild Card spot. They started the year well, leading the Central for most of April and May and switching places with Chicago in June. They entered the All-Star Break 44-41, just 3 games behind the White Sox for 1st place. The team looked poised for at least a winning season. The team deflated after the All-Star Game, going 9-19 immediately afterward and just 24-57 after July 10 to finish 64-98, their worst record since 1991.
The Indians soon fired their manager and hired Terry Francona, who led the Red Sox to the playoffs in 5 of his last 7 seasons and 2 World Series titles in 4 years, including their first title since 1918. They also cut several minor players, including Grady Sizemore, who played only 1/4 of the previous 3 seasons due to injury, none in 2012. All of the changes led to good hopes for 2013, and the team was up and down for most of May, but returned to winning form in June. The Indians are currently in a 3-way race for the Wild Card spots with Tampa Bay and Texas, with just 2 games separating the 3 teams and the Tribe clenching a wild card spot with a win today.

</doc>
<doc id="20287138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287138" title="Kunimitsu Sekiguchi">
Kunimitsu Sekiguchi

He made a full international debut for Japan on 8 October 2010 in a friendly against Argentine.
Club career stats.
As of 23 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20287141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287141" title="Stratosphere (disambiguation)">
Stratosphere (disambiguation)

The stratosphere is a region of Earth's upper atmosphere.
Stratosphere may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20287162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287162" title="Yuki Nakashima">
Yuki Nakashima

Club career stats.
As of 23 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20287165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287165" title="PRR J1">
PRR J1

The PRR J1 was a class of 2-10-4 or "Texas" type steam locomotives with driving wheels built between 1943 and 1944. The J1 had over of tractive effort, plus an additional if the booster engine was used.
Features.
As with many of the Pennsylvania Railroad's steam locomotives, the J1 had its headlight above the smokebox. Like the M1 the J1's had a keystone numberplate, unlike the round numberplates seen on the rest of the PRR's freight steam locomotives. They also had radial-stay fireboxes instead of the Belpaire fireboxes seen on nearly all of the Pennsylvania Railroad's steam locomotives.
History.
During World War II the Pennsylvania Railroad needed heavier locomotives to pull freight and military equipment, but wartime restrictions prohibited the development of a new locomotive design. In response to this the Pennsylvania Railroad borrowed a 2-6-6-4 Class A of the Norfolk & Western Railway and a 2-10-4 from the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad. Both locomotives underwent extensive testing, with the C&O 2-10-4 chosen to be produced. A total of 125 were built at PRR's shops in Juniata, Pennsylvania. They came to be known as the PRR's "War Babies," but the J1's remained in service into the 1950s. When the Pennsylvania Railroad converted from steam power to diesel, the PRR scrapped most of them in 1958 with the exception of 25. The remaining 25 were scrapped in 1959. It is rumored that the PRR did not spare any of the J1's because of it not being an original PRR design. Think about it. The PRR borrowed a C&O loco for testing, produced their own type, and scrapped all of them. On the other hand, the PRR had come up with their own style of the 2-8-2 Mikado and 4-6-2 Pacific, and spared them.

</doc>
<doc id="20287185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287185" title="Johannes Flüggé">
Johannes Flüggé

Johannes (Johann) Flüggé (June 22, 1775 – June 28, 1816) was a German botanist and physician who was a native of Hamburg.
He studied medicine and natural history at the Universities of Jena, Vienna and Göttingen, and in 1800 received his doctorate at the University of Erlangen. Afterwards he undertook botanical excursions throughout Germany and France.
In 1810 Flüggé established the first botanical garden in Hamburg. He is remembered for his research of grasses in the genus "Paspalum". The plant genus "Flueggea" from the family Phyllanthaceae is named in his honor. In 1810 he published the monograph "Graminum Monographiae. Pars 1, Paspalum, Reimaria".

</doc>
<doc id="20287188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287188" title="Halloween on Franklin Street">
Halloween on Franklin Street

Halloween on Franklin Street is a yearly tradition in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, that encompasses a massive gathering on Franklin Street, the cultural hub of the town. The Halloween celebration began in the early 1980s as a considerably smaller event, involving Chapel Hill residents and college students from The University of North Carolina. Attendees of the event dress up in creative Halloween costumes and walk up and down Franklin Street celebrating the holiday. Since its beginnings, the event had grown in size every year until 2008. Although not sponsored by the Town of Chapel Hill, the celebration has become an attraction for visitors from across the South. Between 2004 and 2007, it was estimated that about 80,000 people converged on Franklin Street for the event, while Chapel Hill is estimated to have a population of 54,492 as listed in the 2007 census, evidence of the number of people who make the trip to Chapel Hill to attend. Because of the size of the celebration, the Town of Chapel Hill closes Franklin Street to all vehicular traffic and prohibits parking anywhere near downtown. Along with the big crowds come safety issues, with some of the biggest concerns being alcohol poisoning and gang-related violence. To deal with these issues, hundreds of police officers patrol the downtown area throughout the entire night. In 2007, approximately 400 police officers were deployed to Franklin Street to ensure that nothing got out of hand. In 2008, the Town of Chapel Hill implemented new measures to attempt to cut down on the size of the Halloween celebration in an action dubbed "Homegrown Halloween" to reduce the crowd size and discourage people from out of town to come to Chapel Hill. The shuttle service that had formerly transported people from park and ride lots to Franklin Street was shut down and the results of Chapel Hill's efforts showed when about 35,000 people showed up for the event.
Among the alternatives to the traditional Franklin Street celebration are the Halloween-themed planetarium shows at Morehead Planetarium and Science Center [http://www.moreheadplanetarium.org], which include two versions of "Scare-o-lina Skies", one for families with school-age children and one for adults and older teens. In 2009, Morehead also offered "Laser Halloween" laser shows on Halloween Day. The planetarium closes by mid-afternoon on Halloween because the adjacent parking lot becomes a staging area for public safety vehicles serving the Franklin Street nighttime celebration.
Security.
For the Town of Chapel Hill, one of the biggest concerns during the event is safety. With crowds of up to 80,000 people, security measures can be difficult to implement, with two of the biggest issues being binge drinking and gang-related activities. Although the celebration is not a town-sponsored event, on average, officials call for around 400 law enforcement officers to control crowds and patrol the streets. During the 2008 celebration, along with other new security measures, officials required bars and restaurants in the downtown area to stop selling alcohol and close their doors at 1:00 a.m. Another action taken by town officials meant to help curb drinking was that of requiring all bars in the downtown area to charge patrons a five-dollar cover charge to get in.
Costumes.
One of the most popular elements of Halloween on Franklin Street is the originality of the costumes of attendees. People that attend this event (including many students from The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill) strive for the most unique costumes possible. Notable costumes from the 2008 celebration included the Joker from the popular 2008 Batman movie, The Dark Knight, and a "Tetris"-themed group costume. According to the UNC-based student newspaper, "The Daily Tar Heel", for students, "Halloween is an opportunity to express their creativity and become a different person for one night".

</doc>
<doc id="20287200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287200" title="Lexy">
Lexy

Lexy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20287204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287204" title="Environmental enrichment">
Environmental enrichment

Environmental enrichment can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20287216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287216" title="Our School">
Our School

Our School () is a documentary film about the lives of ethnic Korean students in a Chongryon-run pro-North Korean highschool in Hokkaido, Japan. Released on 29 March 2007 (Sunday), a "Hankook Ilbo" article on April 3 (Friday) stated it had already exceeded 10,000 viewers. In the end, media reports claim it registered 85,000 or 90,000 viewer admissions in the South Korean domestic market, a far better performance than other recent documentaries such as the 2002 "Yeongmae" (영매, 20,000 viewers), the 2004 "Repatriation" (송환, 30,000 viewers) or the 2006 "Bisang" (비상, 40,000 viewers); it was suggested this might be a new domestic record. Director Kim Myeong-joon received the Kim Yong-gun Memorial Society prize in relation to his work on the film.
The film was released on DVD in Japan in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20287227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287227" title="Vulpinic acid">
Vulpinic acid

Vulpinic acid is a naturally occurring pulvinic acid derivative found in several lichen species, as well as some non-lichenized fungi. It was first isolated in 1925. It is bright yellow, and relatively toxic.
Occurrence in lichens.
Together with usnic acid and pinastric acid, vulpinic acid is secondary metabolite of the fungi. It is speculated that the substances are used as repellent for some herbivores. The substance showed also some activity against gram-positive bacteria.

</doc>
<doc id="20287231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287231" title="Hinn">
Hinn

Hinn is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20287240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287240" title="Takuto Hayashi">
Takuto Hayashi

Club career stats.
Last update: "2 February 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="20287278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287278" title="Keita Isozaki">
Keita Isozaki

Club career stats.
As of 11 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20287288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287288" title="Lu Keng">
Lu Keng

Lu Keng ( born 1919 in Baoshan, Yunnan, China, died June 22, 2008) was a reporter for more than 60 years during some of the most turbulent times in Chinese history. As a journalist, he was banned both in mainland China and Taiwan. His articles criticised authorities and state leaders in the past, winning him the renowned title of "true journalist". Though it also costed him 22 years in jail under the Communist Party and Kuomintang.
Biography.
Lu was nicknamed "Big noise" (大聲) and used the pen name "Chen Ji-sun" (陳棘蓀). He graduated from the journalism training programme at the Central Politics School and became the first radio reporter in China. He joined the field in 1940.
Stationed in Europe during World War II, he won his early reputation through his interviews with American generals Eisenhower, MacArthur and Marshall. 
Lu went to Hong Kong in April 1978 and established a Chinese-language bi-weekly magazine Pai Shing with editor Hu Juren in 1981. He also taught at the Hong Kong Shue Yan University and wrote a column in the Hong Kong Economic Journal.
Controversies.
With Republic of China.
Lu was promoted to editor of the China Times in Nanjing after the war and then jailed after disclosing the corruption of senior officials Kong Xiangxi and Song Ziwen.
With People's Republic of China.
His call for freedom of speech in 1957 once again landed him in jail, this time in the Communist Party's Anti-rightist campaign. He was not freed until 1975.
Lu interviewed Communist Party general secretary Hu Yaobang in Beijing on May 10, 1985, and published an article which touched on many sensitive issues and described Hu as an enlightened liberal likely to tolerate dissent. The article led to Deng Xiaoping sacking Hu in 1987.
Death.
Lu died on June 22 at the age of 89 peacefully in a hospital in San Francisco after struggling with a blood clot in his lungs for 10 days. His remains will be sent to his hometown in Yunnan.
Quotes about Lu.
"He was very proud of being a journalist and, in contrast to many who tend to become a senior editor after accumulating years of experience, he never thought it shameful to be a working journalist, even when he was old," said Li Pu, former Xinhua deputy head.
Senior journalist Yang Jisheng said Lu had "never bowed to power, never bowed to anybody, he was only responsible for facts".
Lu was blacklisted in 1990 as persona non grata and forbidden entry to the mainland for helping former Xinhua Hong Kong director Xu Jiatun (許家屯), who was exiled to the US for siding with reformist leader Zhao Ziyang in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20287289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287289" title="Calostoma">
Calostoma

Calostoma is a gasteroid genus of 29 species of fungi in the suborder Sclerodermatineae. Like other gasteroid fungi, "Calostoma" do not have the spore discharge mechanism associated with typical gilled fungi (ballistospory), and instead have enclosed spore-bearing structures. Resembling round, orange to red gelatinous puffballs on thick stalks, species have been collected in regions of deciduous, temperate, tropical or subtropical forests. They have a worldwide distribution, including eastern North America, Asia, and Australasia. The common name given to some species, "prettymouth", alludes to the bright red fruit bodies with openings that may somewhat resemble lips.
The unusual fruit body structure has historically led mycologists to suggest various classification schemes based on presumed relationships to other puffball or "stomach mushrooms". Phylogenetic analyses performed in the 2000s show the genus to be evolutionarily related to the Bolete mushrooms. "Calostoma" species are ectomycorrhizal, forming symbiotic associations with trees from various families. The type species, "Calostoma cinnabarinum", is ectomycorrhizal with oak.
Taxonomy.
The original genus description, based on the type species "Calostoma cinnabarinum" (synonymous with "cinnabarina"), was published by French botanist Nicaise Auguste Desvaux in 1809. Before the advent of modern genetic analysis, the "Calostoma" was considered to be part of the Gasteromycetes, a grouping of fungi with enclosed spore-bearing structures. Specifically, it was classified in the order of stalked puffballs, although some mycologists have suggested that the genus "Calostoma" should be merged with "Tulostoma" (xerophilic stalked puffballs), "Scleroderma" (hard puffballs), "Geastrum" (earthstars), or "Pseudocolus" (stinkhorns). Some authors have placed "Calostoma" in its own family, the Calostomataceae.
In the 2000s, a phylogenetic analyses using nuclear and mitochondrial ribosomal gene sequences helped to clarify the phylogeny of "Calostoma". Using the species "C. cinnabarinum" and "C. ravenelli" as representative examples, the research showed the genus evolutionarily related to the monophyletic Boletales clade, and separate from clades containing most of the gilled mushrooms, puffballs, stalked puffballs, earthstars, stinkhorns and non-bolete Gasteromycetes. "Calostoma" belongs to the suborder Sclerodermatineae in the Boletales order. The Boletales comprise the following genera: "Boletinellus", "Calostoma", "Gyroporus", "Phlebopus", "Pisolithus", "Scleroderma", and "Veligaster". "Calostoma" is thought to have diverged evolutionarily from the other Boletales between 52–115 million years ago.
The genus name "Calostoma" is derived from the Greek "kallos" or "beauty", and "stoma" (στóμα) or "mouth"; similarly, several species are referred to in the vernacular as "prettymouths". In Korea, it is called "Yongi", or "red cheeks".
Description.
Fruit bodies, technically known as "gasterocarps", form spherical spore-bearing heads with a peridium (outer tissue layer) made of two to four clearly defined layers of tissue. The outermost peridial layer is a thick gelatinous or shiny cuticle, which during maturity peels away to reveal the brightly colored peristome that has a star-shaped pore through which spores may escape. The innermost layer of the peridium is papery and membranous, and remains attached to the outer layers only at the apex of the star-shaped apical pore or slit. The fruit bodies may either have no stalk (sessile), or be atop a stalk. The stalk, made of thick, intertwined and fused cords of hyphae, is hygroscopic, and will expand upon absorbing moisture. The spore mass in the head, the gleba, is pale, and initially has thick-walled skeletal hyphae called "capillitia". Clamp connections are present in the fungal hyphae.
Spores.
The spores are spherical to elliptical in shape, and typically have surfaces that are reticulate (with interconnected grooves resembling a net) or pitted. The variations in the elaborate pitted-spore reticulations have inspired investigation with techniques such as scanning electron microscopy and atomic force microscopy. The latter technique was used to distinguish subtle details (at the nanometer scale) and differences in the fine structure of the spores of various "Calostoma" species. The spore reticulations have purpose: they become entangled and interwoven with nurse cells and scaly hyphae, the net effect of which is to prevent the spores from being blown away simultaneously.
Development.
When grown in humid conditions, such as might typically be found in a temperate deciduous forest, "Calostoma" species develop a thicker, more gelatinous exoperidium (the outermost peridial layer). As the stalk expands, the exoperidium becomes sloughed off, exposing the endoperidum and a raised peristome—the ridge of tissue around the opening suggestive of the common name, "prettymouth". The exoperidium may help to protect the maturing gleba of late-fruiting species from harmful variations in temperature or humidity, or from insect predation.
Habitat and distribution.
The species in "Calostoma" have been collected in regions of deciduous, temperate, tropical or subtropical forests, containing tree species from the families Fagaceae, Nothofagaceae, Myrtaceae, and Dipterocarpaceae. The type species "C. cinnabarinum" was shown to form ectomycorrhizae with "Quercus" species, using isotopic labeling, molecular and morphological analyses. Southeast Asian "Calostoma" have also been described as ectomycorrhizal. "Calostoma sarasinii" forms ectomycorrhizae with species of "Lithocarpus" (Fagaceae) while "Calostoma retisporum" forms ectomycorrhizae with species from the Myrtaceae. The ectomycorrhizal mode of nutrition is predominant in the Sclerodermatineae suborder. Historically, it had been assumed to be saprobic, due to its taxonomic uncertainly, and presumed relatedness to other saprobic fungi like the stalked puffballs and the earthstars.
The distribution of the genus is limited to Australasia (Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea), Southeast Asia, Asia, and North and Central America. Species have been described from Indonesia (Borneo, Java, Sumatra, New Guinea), Ceylon, Himalaya, Nepal, Taiwan, China, New Zealand, North America, and Latin America. Australian species include "C. fuhreri", "C. fuscum", "C. insigne", "C. rodwayi", and "C. viride". David Arora mentions a preference for humid forests in eastern North America, particularly in the southern Appalachian Mountains.
Uses.
Edibility.
In general, "Calostoma" species are not considered edible; because they typically begin their development underground, by the time fruit bodies appear they are too tough for consumption. However, a 2009 study reported that in the community of Tenango de Doria (Hidalgo state, Mexico), "Calostoma cinnabarinum" used to be collected by children and consumed "like a tidbit", although the tradition seems to have been abandoned in recent years. Locals called the young fruit bodies "yemitas".
Bioactive compounds.
"Calostoma cinnabarinum" contains a pigment named calostomal that is responsible for its red color. The chemical structure is all-"trans"-16-oxohexadeca-2,4,6,8,10,12,14-heptaenoic acid.
Species list.
The following species list is compiled from Index Fungorum as well as species published in the literature, but missing in Fungorum, specifically "C. formosanum", "C. junghuhnii", and "C. sarasinii". The name listed under the species binomial is the authority—the author of the original description of that species, followed by the year of publication.

</doc>
<doc id="20287301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287301" title="Against All Odds (2009)">
Against All Odds (2009)

Against All Odds (2009) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), which took place on February 8, 2009 at the TNA Impact! Zone in Orlando, Florida. It was TNA's first PPV event broadcast in High-Definition and the fifth event under the Against All Odds chronology.
Storylines.
Against All Odds featured eight professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds and storylines. Wrestlers portrayed villains, heroes, or less distinguishable characters in the scripted events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20287306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287306" title="Ram Khamhaeng (disambiguation)">
Ram Khamhaeng (disambiguation)

Ram Khamhaeng was a Thai king in the Sukhothai period. 
Ram Khamhaeng, Ramkhamhaeng or Ram Kham Haeng may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20287316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287316" title="Rhythm and Blues (World Saxophone Quartet album)">
Rhythm and Blues (World Saxophone Quartet album)

Rhythm and Blues is the ninth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and their third on the Elektra label. The album features performances by Hamiet Bluiett, Julius Hemphill, Oliver Lake and David Murray and was first released in 1989.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "The combination works quite well on this surprising success. ".

</doc>
<doc id="20287339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287339" title="Suns-Diamondbacks Education Academy">
Suns-Diamondbacks Education Academy

Suns-Diamondbacks Education Academy is part of the Phoenix Union High School District. The campus was originally located at 1505 North Central Avenue, in Phoenix, Arizona, USA. Suns-Diamondbacks' enrollment is 186 students. This alternative program was designed to help students (age 16-21) at risk of dropping out to complete their high school education in a small learning environment with specialized classes and schedules. Created in 2001, over 300 at risk students went from dropping out to diplomas in the school's first four years. Two new classrooms were added for an additional 40 students in August, 2006. The school is partnered with Communities in Schools of Arizona, and corporate sponsors APS, Honeywell and the Arizona Diamondbacks (MLB) and Phoenix Suns (NBA) professional sports teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20287348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287348" title="Dino Dvornik (album)">
Dino Dvornik (album)

Dino Dvornik is the epymous debut album by the late Croatian singer Dino Dvornik. Released in 1989, the album is a mix of R&B, synthpop, and pop rock. The album was highly successful, selling 750,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20287363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287363" title="USS Watson (DD-482)">
USS Watson (DD-482)

USS "Watson" (DD-482) was a United States Navy destroyer which was never laid down, her construction contract being cancelled in 1946.
"Watson" was planned as a modified "Fletcher"-class destroyer to be built by the Federal Shipbuilding and Drydock Company at Kearny, New Jersey. She was to be powered by an experimental diesel propulsion system. However, due to more pressing World War II destroyer construction programs, "Watson" was never laid down, and her construction contract was cancelled on 7 January 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="20287374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287374" title="Charles Moseley">
Charles Moseley

Charles A. "Chuck" Moseley is a Democratic member of the Indiana House of Representatives, representing the 10th District since 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20287380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287380" title="Berkley (fishing)">
Berkley (fishing)

Berkley is a fishing tackle company founded in Spirit Lake, Iowa in 1937 as Berkley Fly Co. by Berkley Bedell. Berkley is most known for its brands Berkley Trilene fishing line and Powerbait scented lures.
The Jarden Corporation acquired Berkley's parent company, Pure Fishing, in April 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20287388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287388" title="Tim9-Tim10 complex">
Tim9-Tim10 complex

Tim9 and Tim10 make up the group of essential small Tim proteins that assist in transport of hydrophobic precursors across the intermembrane space. Both Tim9 and Tim10 form a hexamer, the Tim9-Tim10 complex, that when associated, functions as a chaperone to assist translocation of preproteins from the outer mitochondrial membrane to the translocase of the inner membrane. The functional Tim9-Tim10 complex not only directs preproteins to the inner mitochondrial membrane in order to interact with the TIM22 complex, but also guides β-barrel precursor proteins to the sorting and assembly machinery (SAM) of the outer membrane.
Structure of the Tim9-Tim10 complex.
The Tim9-Tim10 complex is made up of three Tim9 molecules and three Tim10 molecules. Each Tim9 and Tim10 subunit consists of 80-110 amino acid residues with four conserved cysteine residues that form two intramolecular disulfide bonds. Each subunit folds into a helix-loop-helix structure, with each loop forming a donut shape that comprises the upper face of the complex. The structure of the Tim9-Tim10 complex takes on the form of an α-propeller, with two helical blades radiating from a narrow central pore.
Biogenesis of the small Tims.
Small Tim proteins are synthesised lacking a cleavable presequence, but instead containing internal targeting information and need to be imported to the intermembrane space. The intermembrane space import and assembly machinery (MIA) is believed to mediate transport of the small Tim precursors into the intermembrane space subcompartment. MIA is composed of two main essential cysteine-rich proteins; Mia40 and Erv1. Mia40 is also referred to as Tim40 in yeast and deficiency of Mia40 has been reported to affect import of the small Tims. Mia40 is anchored to the mitochondrial inner membrane via an N-terminal hydrophobic segment, exposing a large domain to the intermembrane space. It contains 6 conserved cysteine residues, which allow the binding of incoming Tim precursor proteins. Following import of small Tim proteins into the intermembrane space Mia40 interacts with small Tim proteins via disulfide bonds. Following isomerisation of the disulfide bridge, the polypeptide is released. Mia40 which is now in reduced state, is then oxidised by Erv1. This oxidation step is vital to facilitate further rounds of precursor protein import. Without Erv1 activity, reduced Mia40 accumulates and is in inactive conformation. Interaction between the incoming precursor proteins, Mia40 and Erv1, is maintained as a result of a flow of electrons that are transferred from the incoming protein to Mia40 and from reduced Mia40 to oxidised Erv1. Precursors are then released in oxidised state and form disulfide bridges which prevents their escape out of the intermembrane space. Small Tim proteins are then maintained in active conformation within the intermembrane space by Hot13 (helper of Tims). It is possible that Hot13 may have reducing effects on small Tim proteins as they counterbalance the harmful effects that oxidative agents exhibit.

</doc>
<doc id="20287430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287430" title="Drive My Soul">
Drive My Soul

"Drive My Soul" is the debut single by Canadian singer-songwriter Lights from her debut self-titled EP. It was released as the EP's lead single on March 11, 2008 in Canada. The song reached #18 on the Canadian Top 100. It was later included on her debut album "The Listening".
Background.
"Drive My Soul" is about the element in your life that you cannot live without and without it you feel lost and lose control. Lights said that this element could be anything you feel drives your soul and keeps you in the right path: your parents, a friend, or even something supernatural or a religious element.
Lights has stated that "Drive My Soul" was actually a song where she had the title first before she even wrote the lyrics. She's said it all started when she was listening to an indie radio station, and heard a song which she thought had the lyrics "Drive My Soul" sung in a really beautiful way. After hearing the song, Lights, searched for the lyrics and to her surprise the lyrics "Drive My Soul" were never used in the song she heard. When she was searching for ideas to write, she went back to the title of "Drive My Soul" for her own song.
Music video.
The music video features Lights as Barbarella in a campy, 1960s-style science fiction film theme, and her romantic relationship with an astronaut. Lights has mentioned that the astronaut can represent anything that you want. The video's astronaut is played by her father, Eric Poxleitner.
It starts with Lights sitting on her bed reading a comic (presumably the one she had written in "Saviour") when she looks out the window and sees something glowing. A purple planet can be seen from the window. She gets up and looks into her binoculars. She sees an astronaut roasting marshmallows on the planet. The astronaut appears to notice; he looks up at Earth with interest. Lights then walks over to her computer and inserts a map of Earth. After pressing a couple of buttons, she creates a spaceship and drives out of the city and into space. As Lights zooms through space towards the purple planet, a comet hits the ship and it crashes into the purple planet. As the dust clears, Lights walks toward the astronaut and grabs his hand. The two walk away together, and the video ends with a shot of the comic that Lights was reading. It details her meeting with the astronaut, and at the bottom it says "to be continued". That comes to "February Air".
The video reached number one on MuchMusic's "Countdown" for the week of January 8, 2009.
Uses in other media.
The song was featured on the hit TV series "The Hills". It was also used in an Old Navy women's swimwear commercial
in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20287434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287434" title="Quill Corporation">
Quill Corporation

Quill Corporation is the largest mail-order office supply retailer in the United States with revenues of $1.3B per year and EBITDA of over 20%. Currently headquartered in Lincolnshire, Illinois, Quill offers more than 200,000 products including school and office supplies, office machines, furniture, technology, cleaning and breakroom, custom-printed and promotional products. Over 70% of Quill's sales are conducted online.
Quill is currently owned by Staples, Inc. and is recognized as their most profitable division, accounting for nearly 25% of the company's net income. Between 1998 and 2009, Quill grew from $500 million in revenues to over $1.3 billion. The company is still one of Staples' fastest growing divisions and is led by Michael Patriarca, President of Quill Corporation.
History.
Quill Corporation was the outgrowth of an idea by Jack Miller. In 1956, with a small loan of $2,000 from Jack's father-in-law, a desk, chair and two phones, Quill's first office was established in the back room of his father's poultry shop on the north side of Chicago. Initially lacking retail experience, the young entrepreneur relied heavily on his face-to-face selling techniques to drive revenue. With the assistance of Jack's brother Harvey, the two evolved their marketing strategies to include mail-order campaigns that enticed potential customers with substantially discounted prices and free shipping - transforming Quill Corporation into one of the first mail-order companies in the United States. In 1974, Quill reported annual sales of $3.5 million. During the early and mid-1980s, the company's revenues skyrocketed, amounting to $180 million in 1986. Its mail-order business was the most successful within the office supplies market, with more than 40 million catalogues and flyers sent to a customer base of approximately 600,000 businesses and organizations, and listing more than 9,000 various office supplies and products. In 1996, the company launched the web site Quill.com. In the winter of 1998, Quill Corporation was acquired by Staples, Inc. for approximately $685 million. Jack Miller utilized funds from the sale of Quill to create the Jack Miller Center.
Environmental responsibility.
In an effort to be more environmentally friendly Quill added a larger assortment of "green" products including paper, cleaning and breakroom, filing and binder products, as well as a laser cartridge recycling box that is free to order and free to return to Quill.
Online.
The domain quill.com attracted at least 1 million visitors annually by 2008, according to a Compete.com survey. The online community, Office Living was launched in November 2006 with a variety of articles from tips to recipes that are useful for a busy office professional.
Acquisitions.
In July 2002, Medical Arts Press became a subsidiary of Quill when Staples, Inc. purchased the Minneapolis-based company for $385 million. Since 1950, Medical Arts Press has helped healthcare practices meet their unique front-office supply needs. Medical Arts Press carries the industry's largest selection of specialty filing and general office supplies, 100% government-compliant forms, code books, office furnishings, imprinted patient communication and giveaways, ink and toner, breakroom supplies and more.
In addition to the acquisition of Medical Arts Press, Quill also obtained SmileMakers and Hayes Marketing Inc. (HMI). Both provide creative products to help build patient loyalty and promote practices with giveaway items, promotional postcards, greeting cards and more.
"So fast, so simple" slogan.
In 2006, Quill's "So fast, so simple" branding campaign was launched. In conjunction with a program to migrate catalog shoppers to the Web site, Quill.com, the goal of the campaign was to encourage shopping online for a faster, simpler way to shop for office supplies.

</doc>
<doc id="20287477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287477" title="Gail Riecken">
Gail Riecken

Gail Riecken is a Democratic member of the Indiana House of Representatives, representing the 77th District since 2009.
Riecken supported the state mandated purchase of syngas through coal gasification technology. Developers of Leucadia National proposed a $2.6 billion syngas plant in Rockport, Indiana. Under the terms of the deal endorsed by Riecken, the state of Indiana would have bought syngas under a 30-year contract and then mandate that utilities within the state pass on any losses from the transaction on to Hoosier customers. Gas from the plant would make up about 17 percent of the state's supply. The deal received criticism due to government intrusion in the energy markets, and for forcing consumers to sign up for risky long-term gas purchases at prices substantially higher than market prices. Questions were also raised due to Leucadia National hiring Mark Lubbers to promote the deal. Lubbers is a former aide and close friend of former Governor Mitch Daniels. The project was ultimately panned by the state legislature in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20287485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287485" title="Jeremy Deputat">
Jeremy Deputat

Jeremy “JD” Deputat , (born December 2nd, 1976) is an American photographer and art director from Detroit, Michigan). 
The Wayne State University graduate has worked with Kid Rock, Eminem, 50 Cent, Game, Reggie Bush, Anthony Bennett, Stephen Peterman, Olivier Francois, among others. His work has appeared in "Rolling Stone", "Vibe", "Spin", "XXL", "Billboard", "AdWeek", "ESPN The Magazine" and more. His commercial clients include Adidas, Atlantic Records, Interscope Records, Shady Records, Universal Music Group, Casio, Carhartt, Chrysler, Red Bull North America and more. 
Deputat's first published book, titled "I'm Kid Rock, What's Your Excuse?", was published in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20287518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287518" title="Franciscan Friary, Copenhagen">
Franciscan Friary, Copenhagen

The Franciscan Friary, Copenhagen (also known as Greyfriars - ) was the most important Franciscan friary in Denmark.
History.
The friary of the Franciscans in Copenhagen was founded in 1238 by Countess Ingerd of Revenstein. She was one of Denmark's wealthiest women of the period, a member of the powerful Hvide family. She was the daughter of Jacob Sunesen, and the sister of Bishop Peder of Roskilde. She had become acquainted with the Franciscans, a relatively new order, while she lived in Germany with her husband. She founded several Franciscan houses in Denmark, including the one in Copenhagen, to whom she gave the farm which stood at the time outside the town. The friary was run by the Guardian and several brothers with specific responsibilities for the hospital, guest house, and so forth. 
Over time the friary acquired several properties scattered through Copenhagen which provided a good income through rents. Though it was officially forbidden for the friars to receive money, the rule was bent enough to make life a little easier for them, who were nicknamed the "beggar monks" because they could be seen on the streets asking for gifts of food. The friary also received remuneration for praying for the souls of the recently departed. 
The friary consisted at its height of a church, a refectory, a great hall which was used on many occasions for important state meetings and meetings of the provincial which governed Franciscan monasteries in Denmark.
Within the enclosing walls could be found a guesthouse, a hospital for the sick and poor, quarters for lay brothers, a large garden, a brewery, and an apple orchard. They also maintained a house for a brother at Dragør.
The Franciscan church was renowned for its many relics, including those of Saint Olav, Saint Erik, Saint Canute, Saint Eskil, Abbot Vilhelm, Saint Bridget, Saint Willehad, and many others.
Dissolution.
Already in the 1520s many people in Copenhagen flocked to hear the preaching of the new Lutheran doctrines. Many Danes felt that the tithes and additional requests to fund religious houses were excessive and an early target of the anti-Catholic party were the "beggar monks". Led by the mayor of Copenhagen, the town fathers made it illegal for monks or friars to go out into the street to beg for food or alms. Because it was done lawfully, the guardian and vice-guardian of the friary had no redress and therefore wrote a letter dated 25 April 1530 conveying the friary and its contents and properties away from the Franciscan order, with an explanation of the reasons for abandoning it: 
"...Since we are required for the sake of many weighty reasons, and the ordinary people in Copenhagen will not permit us be here... and we are locked inside friary and may not go into the street to ask for God's alms." 
The brothers abandoned the friary immediately thereafter.
Eight of the brothers who had learned a craft removed their habits, married and settled down in Copenhagen with the help of the magistrate and citizens. Several months passed before the crown administrators decided that the church, conventual buildings and burial ground would be turned over to the University of Copenhagen for income. New streets were laid out through the former garden and apple orchard. Rent from the houses owned by the friary were used to support the hospital.
Frederik I issued a royal decree on 6 August 1532 which changed all of that: the monastery, church and income-producing houses were now all given over to fund the work of the hospital for the benefit of the poor and sick. 
The church tower was a visible part of the city skyline as late as 1596. The huge cellars of the friary became the town jail and eventually the church itself was converted to a prison. In 1621 Christian IV added an orphanage and recommissioned the church as a house of worship, though it was called the "Prison Church".
The friary buildings were mostly destroyed in the fires of 1728 and 1807. Others were pulled down to make room for private houses and businesses. 
Parts of the thick outside walls and conventual buildings were incorporated into new structures near Grayfriars Market Square in Copenhagen, but there is today little evidence of the hundreds of years of occupancy by the Franciscans at Grayfriars.

</doc>
<doc id="20287553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287553" title="Mike Mazzei">
Mike Mazzei

Mike Mazzei is a Republican United States politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma and is an Assistant Majority Floor Leader of the Oklahoma Senate.
Electoral history.
Mazzei was elected by an overwhelming majority in a five person Republican primary in 2004. The Democratic Party did not field a candidate and no independent or third-party candidate filed for the general election; thus, the primary win resulted in his election to the Oklahoma Senate.
Mazzei faced no opposition in his 2008 election bid.
Personal life.
In his personal profession, Mike Mazzei, CFP, is the president of Tulsa Wealth Advisors in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He created The Financial Freedom Process(r) to help individuals leverage their wealth in order to achieve their lifetime visions. He enjoys helping retirees and entrepreneurs develop comprehensive life, financial and investment strategies that enable them to reach greater success, enjoy life to the fullest and leave lasting legacies.
Senator Mazzei is a graduate of George Mason University and the College for Financial Planning, and is a member of the Financial Planners Association. Mike belongs to Asbury United Methodist Church and serves on the board for The Salvation Army.
Senate duties.
Mazzei was appointed as Co-Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee in 2006 and re-appointed as the sole Chairman upon the Republican Majority election in 2008. He was also named to serve as a Republican Assistant Floor Leader in the Oklahoma State Senate in 2007, and in 2008 was elected to serve as Assistant Majority Floor Leader.

</doc>
<doc id="20287561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287561" title="Grant Haskin">
Grant Haskin

Grant Haskin (born 1968) is the former Executive Deputy Mayor of Cape Town, where he also served briefly as acting Mayor City of Cape Town, South Africa.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Grant was born in Camps Bay, a suburb on Cape Towns Atlantic coast. The family moved to Wynberg in Cape Town's Southern suburbs and he was enrolled at Wynberg Boys Junior School. A few years later, the family moved to Constantia but he continued with his schooling at Wynberg Boys High School, matriculating there in 1986. He spent the nest two years doing compulsory national service in the South African Defence Force.
Career.
Grant became a member of the ACDP in late 1998 at the age of 30. He was a volunteer at the party's provincial office, where he served as a general office assistant, tea maker, photo-copier, toilet cleaner and campaign assistant until the 2 June 1999 National General Elections. A month later, at the party's provincial annual general conference, he was elected to serve as Provincial Secretary General, a post he was re-elected to until 2005 when he became the Provincial Chairman. In December 2000, he was elected to the City of Cape Town as a councillor via the ACDP's proportional representation list, where he was also elected as caucus leader of the seven ACDP councillors. As a result of the 2004 National General Elections, Grant was elected to the Western Cape Provincial Parliament as MPP. In March 2007, the ACDP redeployed him from MPP to Councillor in the City of Cape Town to take up the ACDP's seat on the Mayoral Committee as political head of Amenities and Sport in the City of Cape Town. After the controversial 'walk-over window period' in September 2007 and the protracted negotiation process with the DA on the ACDP's claim to regain the Executive Deputy Mayors seat, he was elected Executive Deputy Mayor of Cape Town. He served as acting Executive Mayor of Cape Town for a brief period after Helen Zille, leader of the Democratic Alliance, who was Executive Mayor of Cape Town, was elected Premier-elect of the Western Cape.
His term as Executive Deputy Mayor ended suddenly on 27 May 2009 when the Democratic Alliance broke its contractual agreement with the ACDP and claimed the post for themselves on the grounds that they 'could be as effective as possible, politically'. Even though the DA also blamed the ACDP for 'breaches of trust', these allegations were refuted. The ACDP subsequently walked away from the governing agreements it had with the DA across the Western Cape Province. During his term as Executive Deputy Mayor of Cape Town, he was political head of the City's policies and programmes on, inter alia, substance abuse, street people, orphans and vulnerable children (OVC) and international relations. 
During the subsequent term as caucus leader for the ACDP, he completed his B.Admin Honours degree in International Relations (Political Science) at the University of the Western Cape (UWC) and is presently writing his full Masters thesis. As a result of the 18 May 2011 Local Government Elections he was re-elected councillor for the City of Cape Town where he remains the Caucus leader. He was recently elected the Provincial Leader for the Western Cape Province of the ACDP.

</doc>
<doc id="20287574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287574" title="National symbols of Tajikistan">
National symbols of Tajikistan

The national symbols of Tajikistan are defined in Article 3 of the Constitution of Tajikistan. They consist of the flag, the coat of arms, and the national anthem (Surudi Milli).
The National Anthem (rough English translation)

</doc>
<doc id="20287579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287579" title="Thelonious Monk Blue Note Sessions">
Thelonious Monk Blue Note Sessions

Jazz pianist Thelonious Monk's first sessions as a bandleader were recorded between 1947 and 1952, and released on Blue Note records as a series of 78 RPM singles. These singles were then compiled in later years—with additional performances from the sessions—into long-playing album formats. As Monk's reputation and fame grew, the sessions were recompiled again and again into more complete configurations. This article details various releases of these sessions.
The Sessions.
The Blue Note recordings were made over the course of six sessions. "Versions" refers only to the number of eventually-released performances; other takes may have been recorded.
All compositions by Thelonious Monk unless otherwise noted.
Singles.
Singles released from the Blue Note sessions include the following:
1951-1952 series of 10-inch LPs.
Genius of Modern Music (Blue Note LP 5002, 1951).
Side 1:
Side 2:
Genius of Modern Music Vol. 2 (Blue Note LP 5009, 1952).
Side 1:
Side 2:
Milt Jackson, Wizard of the Vibes (Blue Note LP 5011, 1952).
Side 1:
Side 2: 
Tracks A1-A2, B1-B3 are from an April 7, 1952 session which does not feature Thelonious Monk.
1956 Series of 12 inch LPs (monochrome photo covers).
Milt Jackson and The Thelonious Monk Quintet (Blue Note BLP-1509, 1956).
Side 1:
Side 2: 
Tracks A1-A5, B5 are from an April 7, 1952 session which does not feature Thelonious Monk.
Genius of Modern Music Volume One (Blue Note BLP-1510, 1956).
Side 1:
Side 2:
Genius of Modern Music Volume Two (Blue Note BLP-1511, 1956).
Side 2:
1989 CD Recompilations.
These CD releases use the cover art of the 1956 twelve inch LPs, but redistribute the performances between the volumes into a strict chronological order, with alternate takes immediately following the first-released takes.
A 2-CD set called The Complete Genius, featuring the 1956 yellow cover art, includes "all" of the Blue Note sessions (including July 2, 1948), ordered in a similar manner.
Genius of Modern Music Volume One (uses 1956 yellow cover).
1-6 recorded Oct 15, 1947<br>
7-16 recorded Oct 24 1947<br>
17-21 recorded Nov 21, 1947
Milt Jackson and the Thelonious Monk Quintet (uses 1956 red cover).
10-17 recorded July 2, 1948<br>
1-9 are from an April 7, 1952 session which does not feature Thelonious Monk.
Genius of Modern Music Volume Two (uses 1956 red cover).
1-9 recorded July 23, 1951<br>
10-18 recorded May 30, 1952
2001 CD Recompilations.
The sessions were recompiled, under the same title, on CD in 2001 as part of the RVG series, remastered by Rudy Van Gelder from the original session lacquers. The cover art for the original 8-song 10 inch LPs was used. While the earlier CDs grouped all takes of each title together, the recompilation put the alternate takes at the end of each session.
The July 2, 1948 session was released on Blue Note CD "Milt Jackson--Wizard of the Vibes", which also used its respective 1952 10-inch LP cover art.
Genius of Modern Music Vol. 1 (2001).
1-6 recorded Oct 15, 1947<br>
7-16 recorded Oct 24 1947<br>
17-21 recorded Nov 21, 1947
Milt Jackson, Wizard of the Vibes (2001).
10-17 recorded July 2, 1948<br>
1-9 are from an April 7, 1952 session which does not feature Thelonious Monk.
Genius of Modern Music Vol. 2 (2001).
1-9 recorded July 23, 1951<br>
10-18 recorded May 30, 1952
Other Compilations in Brief.
The Complete Genius (Blue Note 2 LP set, BN-LA 579-H2).
1976 compilation featuring all takes released in 1940s and 1950s.<br>
Sessions presented in this order: 3, 1, 2, 4, 6, 5.
The Complete Blue Note Recordings Of Thelonious Monk (Mosaic Records 4 LP Boxed Set, MR4-101).
Limited edition 1983 set was the first appearance of most of the alternate takes. Ordering is similar to later Blue Note (Japan) 2-CD "Complete Genius."
The Complete Genius (Blue Note Japan, 2 CD set).
Similar in visual appearance and sequencing to the 1989 releases, combines "Genius of Modern Music" volumes 1 & 2, with the 1948 Milt Jackson section properly placed in-between. Features the yellow "volume 1" cover from 1956. This may only have been released by Blue Note Japan.
The Complete Blue Note Recordings Of Thelonious Monk (Blue Note, 4 CD Boxed Set).
1994 compilation with similar cover to Mosaic LP set includes all takes from the six sessions, together with two tracks, "Reflections" and "Misterioso", recorded with Sonny Rollins on April 14, 1957, and the same five (of a total of seven) of the tracks recorded live at the Five Spot Café with John Coltrane in the late summer of 1958 that had previously been released as "The Thelonius Monk Quartet featuring John Coltrane: Live at the Five Spot: Discovery!".
External links.
Covers and Liner Notes of 10" LPs: http://www.gokudo.co.jp/Record/BlueNote1/index.htm<br>
Covers and Liner Notes of 12" LPs: http://www.gokudo.co.jp/Record/BlueNote2/index.htm<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20287582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287582" title="February Air">
February Air

"February Air" is the second single from Canadian singer-songwriter Lights from her debut self-titled EP. It was released on December 9, 2008 in Canada. The song reached #90 on the Canadian Hot 100 Billboard magazine chart. An acoustic version of the song was released on her EP, "Acoustic".
Music video.
The video is the sequel to "Drive My Soul". The video opens with a shot of Lights sleeping on her futuristic bed, while the astronaut hangs his head in sorrow and leaves the house. Lights is all alone. She then wakes up, and sees that there is a message waiting for her. When she checks the message, she smiles for it is a shot of her and her beloved astronaut from the Drive My Soul video. Missing him again, she packs up her things, carrying a message in her bag that she had printed earlier. At first, she happily strolls along, but after a while she comes to a hill and collapses from the cold. She waits a bit, then stands up and throws a paper airplane that she had made earlier. It lands at the astronaut's feet, who picks it up. The message reads, "Miss You <3"

</doc>
<doc id="20287604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287604" title="Robert Ramsay (baseball)">
Robert Ramsay (baseball)

Robert Arthur Ramsay is a former professional baseball pitcher. He pitched parts of two seasons, 1999 and 2000, in Major League Baseball for the Seattle Mariners.
Ramsay attended Washington State University, where he played college baseball for the Cougars from 1993–1996.
Ramsay was drafted by the Boston Red Sox in the 7th round of the 1996 Major League Baseball Draft. The Red Sox traded him to the Mariners for Butch Huskey on July 26, 1999. Ramsey was diagnosed with cancer, ending his professional career. Since his retirement, Ramsay has been coaching and teaching.

</doc>
<doc id="20287614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287614" title="Mary Ann Sullivan">
Mary Ann Sullivan

Mary Ann Sullivan is a Democratic member of the Indiana House of Representatives, representing the 97th District since 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20287616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287616" title="Microsoft Security Essentials">
Microsoft Security Essentials

Microsoft Security Essentials (MSE) is an antivirus software (AV) product that provides protection against different types of malware such as computer viruses, spyware, rootkits and Trojan horses. It runs on , Windows Vista and Windows 7, but not on Windows 8, which has a built-in AV component. The license agreement allows home users and small businesses to install and use the product free of charge. It replaces Windows Live OneCare, a discontinued commercial subscription-based AV service, and the free Windows Defender, which until Windows 8 only protected users from adware and spyware.
Built upon the same virus definitions and scanning engine as other Microsoft antivirus products, MSE provides real-time protection, constantly monitoring activities on the computer and scanning new files as they are downloaded or created and disabling detected threats. It lacks the personal firewall of OneCare or the centralized management features of Forefront Endpoint Protection.
Microsoft's announcement of its own AV software on 18 November 2008 was met with mixed reactions from the AV industry. Symantec, McAfee and Kaspersky Lab—three competing independent software vendors—dismissed it as an unworthy competitor, but AVG Technologies and Avast Software appreciated its potential to expand the consumers' choice of AV software. AVG, McAfee, Sophos and Trend Micro claimed that the integration of the product into Microsoft Windows would be a violation of competition law.
The product received generally positive reviews praising its user interface, low resource usage and freeware license. It secured AV-TEST certification on October 2009, having demonstrated its ability to eliminate all widely encountered malware. However, it lost the certificate on October 2012, having shown a constant decline in protection and repair scores. In June 2013, MSE achieved the lowest possible protection score, zero. According to a March 2012 report by anti-malware specialist OPSWAT, MSE was the most popular AV product in North America and the second most popular in the world, which has resulted in the appearance of several rogue antivirus programs that try to impersonate it.
Features.
Microsoft Security Essentials is an antivirus software (AV) product that fights malware (malicious software), including computer viruses, spyware, Trojan horses and rootkits. The software runs on Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7. It replaces Windows Live OneCare, a discontinued commercial subscription-based AV service, and the free Windows Defender, which until Windows 8 only protected users from adware and spyware. It automatically checks for and downloads the virus definitions it relies on from Microsoft Update, a web-based software service updated three times a day. Users may alternatively download the updates manually from the Microsoft Security Portal website. On 30 September 2011, a faulty definition update caused the product to incorrectly tag Google Chrome as malware. The issue was resolved within three hours.
MSE is built upon the same foundation as other Microsoft security products; all use the same virus definitions and anti-malware engine, known as Microsoft Malware Protection Engine (MSMPENG). It lacks the personal firewall of OneCare or the centralized management features of Forefront Endpoint Protection.
MSE provides real-time protection, constantly monitoring activities on the computer and scanning new files as they are downloaded or created. It disables detected threats and prompts for user input on how to deal with them. If no response is received within ten minutes, suspected threats are handled according to the default actions defined in the application's settings. Depending on those settings, it may also create System Restore checkpoints before removing the detected malware. As a part of real-time protection, by default, MSE reports all suspicious behaviors of monitored programs to Microsoft Active Protection Service (MAPS, originally Microsoft SpyNet), a web-based service. If the report matches a newly discovered malware threat with an unreleased virus definition, the new definition is downloaded to remove the threat.
Hardware requirements for the product depend on the operating system. On a computer with Windows XP, it requires at least a 500 MHz processor and 256 MB of RAM. On a system running Windows Vista or Windows 7, it requires a 1 GHz processor and 1 GB of RAM. It also needs a computer monitor with a display resolution of at least 800 × 600 pixels, 200 MB of free hard disk space and an Internet connection.
Development.
On 18 November 2008, Microsoft announced plans for a free consumer security product, codenamed "Morro". This development marked a change in Microsoft's consumer AV marketing strategy: instead of offering a subscription-based security product with a host of other tools, such as backup and a personal firewall, "Morro" would offer free AV protection with a smaller impact on system resources. Amy Barzdukas, senior director of product management for the Online Services and Windows Division at Microsoft, announced that "Morro" would not directly compete with other commercial AV software; rather it was focused on the 50 to 60 percent of PC users who did not have or would not pay for AV protection. By 17 June 2009, the official name of "Morro" was revealed: Microsoft Security Essentials.
On 23 June 2009, Microsoft released a public beta to 75,000 users in the United States, Israel, China and Brazil. Anticipated to be available in 20 markets and 10 languages, the product was scheduled for release before the end of 2009; the final build was released on 29 September 2009.
Version 2.0.
Almost a year after the initial release, Microsoft quietly released the second version. It entered the technical preview stage on 19 July 2010, and the final build was released on 16 December 2010. It includes "Network Inspection System" (NIS), a network intrusion detection system that works on Windows Vista and Windows 7, as well as a new anti-malware engine that employs heuristics in malware detection. Version 2.0 integrates with Internet Explorer to protect users against web-based threats. NIS requires a separate set of definition updates.
Version 4.0.
Sixteen months after the release of version 2.0, Microsoft skipped version 3.0 and released Microsoft Security Essentials 4.0. A public beta program started on 18 November 2011, when Microsoft sent out invitations to potential participants without announcing a version number. The first beta version was released on 29 November 2011, and the final build on 24 April 2012. Microsoft subsequently initiated a pre-release program that provides volunteers with the latest beta version and accepts feedback.
Version 4.5.
On 21 February 2014, version 4.5 entered beta stage. On the same day, Microsoft announced that starting with this version, Windows XP would not be supported. Older versions would continue to receive virus definition updates until 14 July 2015.
Future.
Microsoft Security Essentials does not run on Windows 8, which has its own security subsystem. On 13 September 2011, at "BUILD" conference in Anaheim, California, Microsoft unveiled the developer preview of Windows 8, which had a security component capable of preventing an infected USB flash memory from compromising the system during the boot process. On 15 September, Windows 8 developer's blog confirmed that Windows Defender in Windows 8 would take over the role of virus protection. In an included video, Jason Garms of Microsoft showed how Windows Defender is registered with Action Center as an AV and spyware protection tool, and how it blocks drive-by malware. On 3 March 2012, "Softpedia" reviewed the consumer preview of Windows 8 and noted the similarity in appearance of Windows Defender and Microsoft Security Essentials 4.0 Beta. According to "Softpedia", Windows 8 Setup requires Microsoft Security Essentials to be uninstalled before upgrading Windows 7.
Licensing.
The product's license agreement allows home users to download, install and use it on an unlimited number of computers in their households free of charge, so long as each computer has a legitimately licensed copy of Microsoft Windows. Since October 2010, small businesses have also been allowed to install the product on up to 10 devices, but use in academic institutions and governmental locations is forbidden, as is reverse-engineering, decompiling or disassembling the product or working around its designed limitations.
MSE requires no registration or personal information to be submitted during installation; however, the validity of the operating system's license is verified during and after installation using the Windows Genuine Advantage system. If said license is found to be invalid, the software will notify the user and will cease to operate after a period of time.
Reception.
Industry response.
The announcement and debut of Microsoft Security Essentials was met with mixed responses from the AV industry. Symantec, McAfee and Kaspersky Lab, three competing vendors, claimed it to be inferior to their own software. Jens Meggers, Symantec's vice president of engineering for Norton products, dismissed it as "very average – nothing outstanding". Tom Powledge of Symantec urged his customers to be mindful of what protection they chose, bearing in mind that OneCare offered "substandard protection" and an "inferior user experience". Joris Evers, director of worldwide public relations for McAfee stated "with OneCare's market share of less than 2%, we understand Microsoft's decision to shift attention to their core business." Justin Priestley of Kaspersky stated that Microsoft "continued to hold a very low market share in the consumer market, and we don't expect the exit of OneCare to change the playing field drastically."
Avast Software said that it had an ambivalent view towards the product. Vincent Steckler, Avast Software CEO said "MSE is not the silver bullet but it is also not the bad sequel to One Care that some claim." A representative of AVG Technologies stated, "We view this as a positive step for the AV landscape. AVG has believed in the right to free antivirus software for the past eight years." However, AVG raised the issue of distributing the software product and said, "Microsoft will have to do more than simply make the product available," adding that integration of Microsoft Security Essentials with Microsoft Windows would be a violation of competition law. McAfee, Sophos and later Trend Micro affirmed that an antitrust lawsuit would surely have followed if Microsoft had bundled the product with Windows.
The announcement of Microsoft Security Essentials affected the stocks of AV vendors. On 19 November 2008, after Microsoft announced codename "Morro", Symantec and McAfee shares fell 9.44 and 6.62 percent respectively. On 10 June 2009, after announcing an upcoming beta version, Microsoft shares rose 2.1 percent. Symantec and McAfee shares, however, fell 0.5 and 1.3 percent respectively. Daniel Ives, an analyst with FBR Capital Markets, said that Microsoft Security Essentials would be a "long-term competitive threat", although near-term impact would be negligible.
Reviews and awards.
The public beta version received several reviews, citing its low resource usage, straightforward user interface and price point. Brian Krebs of "The Washington Post" reported that a quick scan on a Windows 7 computer took about 10 minutes and a full scan about 45 minutes. Ars Technica reviewed it positively, citing its organized interface, low resource usage, and its status as freeware.
Nick Mediati of "PCWorld" noted MSE's "clear-cut" and "cleanly designed" tabbed user interface. He did, however, find some of the settings to be cryptic and confusing, defaulting to "recommended action", with the only explanation of what that action is to be found in the help file. He was also initially confused because the user interface failed to mention that Microsoft Security Essentials automatically updates itself, rather than having to be manually updated via the "Update" tab; an explanation of this feature was included in the final release.
Neil Rubenking of "PC Magazine" successfully installed the beta version on 12 malware-infected systems and commented on its small installation package (about 7 MB, depending on the operating system) and speedy installation. But the initial virus definition update took between 5 and 15 minutes, and the full installation occupied about 110 MB of disk space. Rubenking noted that the beta version sets Windows Update into fully automatic mode, although it can be turned off again through Windows Control Panel. Some full scans took more than an hour on infected systems; a scan on a clean system took 35 minutes. An on-demand scan test Rubenking conducted in June 2009 with the beta version found 89 percent of all malware samples: 30 percent of the commercial keyloggers, 67 percent of rootkits, but only half of the scareware samples. The product's real-time protection found 83 percent of all malware and blocked the majority of it: 40 percent of the commercial keyloggers and 78 percent of the rootkits were found.
On 7 January 2010, Microsoft Security Essentials won the "PC Advisor"'s "Best Free Software" award. In December the same year, it secured AV-Comparatives' Bronze award for proactive detection of 55 percent of new or unknown malware, the Silver award for low false-positives (six occurrences) and the Bronze award for overall performance.
In October 2009, AV-TEST conducted a series of trials on the final build of the product in which it detected and caught 98.44 percent of 545,034 computer viruses, computer worms and software Trojan horses as well as 90.95 percent of 14,222 spyware and adware samples. It also detected and eliminated all 25 tested rootkits, generating no false-positives. Between June 2010 to January 2013, AV-TEST tested Microsoft Security Essentials 14 times; in 11 out of 14 cases, MSE secured AV-TEST certification of outperforming AV industry average ratings. Microsoft Security Essentials 2.0 was tested and certified on March 2011. The product achieved a protection score of 2.5 out of 6, a repair score of 3.5 out of 6 and a usability score of 5.5 out of 6. Report details show that although version 2.0 was able to find all malware samples of the WildList (widespread malware), it was not able to stop all Internet-based attacks because it lacks personal firewall and anti-spam capabilities. In an April 2012 test, version 2.1 achieved scores of 3.0, 5.5 and 5.0 for protection, repair and usability. Version 4.0 for Windows 7 SP1 (x64) was tested in June 2012 and achieved scores of 2.5, 5.5 and 5.5 for protection, repair and usability. In October 2012, the product lost its AV-TEST certification when Microsoft Security Essentials 4.1 achieved scores of 1.5, 3.5 and 5.5 for its protection, repair and usability.
In AV-TEST's 2011 annual review, Microsoft Security Essentials came last in protection, seventh in repair and fifth in usability. In the 2012 review, it came last in protection and best in usability; however, having lost its certificate, it was not qualified for the usability award. In June 2013, MSE achieved the lowest possible protection score, zero.
Market share.
On 29 September 2010, a year after its initial release, Microsoft announced that MSE had more than 30 million users. The "Security Industry Market Share Analysis" report of June 2011, published by OPSWAT, describes it as one of the most popular AV products in the world, with 10.66 percent of the global market and 15.68 percent of the North American market. The same report shows Microsoft as the number one AV vendor in North America with 17.07 percent market share, and the number four AV vendor worldwide.
John Dunn of "PCWorld", who analyzed the report, noted that the tendency to use free AV software is something new: "After all, free antivirus suites have been around for years but have tended to be seen as the poor relations to paid software." He named Microsoft Security Essentials as an influence on PC users to adopt free AV software.
A September 2011 OPSWAT report found that MSE had further increased its market share to become the second most popular AV product in the world, and remained the most popular in North America. OPSWAT reported in March 2012 that the product had maintained its position, and that Microsoft's market share had improved by 2 percent worldwide and 3 percent in North America. Seth Rosenblatt of "CNET News" commented on how the product's share rose from 7.27 in 2010 to 10.08 in 2012, stating that "use of the lightweight security suite exploded last year".
Impersonation by malware.
The popularity of Microsoft Security Essentials has led to the appearance of malware abusing its name. In February 2010, a rogue security package calling itself "Security Essentials 2010" appeared on the Internet. Designated "TrojanDownloader:Win32/Fakeinit" by Microsoft, it bears no visual resemblance to the Microsoft product. It reappeared in November 2010, this time calling itself "Microsoft Security Essentials 2011". A more dangerous rogue appeared in August 2010. Designated "Rogue:Win32/FakePAV" or "Unknown Win32/Trojan", it closely resembles Microsoft Security Essentials and uses sophisticated social engineering to deceive users and infect their systems, under the guise of five different fictional anti-malware products. It also terminates and prevents the launch of 156 different programs, including Registry Editor, Command Prompt, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Opera, Safari and Google Chrome.
References.
Notes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="20287626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287626" title="2008 Longnan riot">
2008 Longnan riot

The 2008 Longnan riot was a protest that turned into a riot involving thousands of people in Longnan, Gansu, People's Republic of China.
Cause.
The state media did not explain the source of the unrest, though local residents said many protesters were angered by the government's decision to transfer its offices to a wealthier city. Residents in Longnan said the disturbances there were fueled by economic distress, unchecked corruption and a lack of transparency by the local Communist Party.
Riot.
A crowd of about 1,000 - 2,000 people attacked a government office in northwest Gansu province, smashing cars and beating up police and officials. The crowd eventually grew to 10,000 according to some sources. Armed police officers from the provincial capital used tear gas to subdue the rioters.
Aftermath.
Damages are estimated at more than five million yuan (US$731,000).

</doc>
<doc id="20287633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287633" title="Popeseye steak">
Popeseye steak

Popeseye steak is thinly-sliced rump steak, originating in Scotland and available in the United Kingdom.
Etymology.
The etymology of the term "popeseye steak" is twofold:
Butchery.
One first begins with a cut of rump steak. Then, thinly slice the rump steak across the widest face of the rump steak (shown as the top of the steak in the illustration). Slice width varies; one Scotch Beef butcher sells slices that "typically weigh around 6oz" each.
Characteristics.
Popeseye steak is very tender, and, due to its relative thinness compared to other steaks, cooks quickly, particularly if used as a pan frying steak. Cooking of this cut should stop as soon as it is brown on each side.
Food preparation.
These steaks can be enjoyed as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20287641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287641" title="Premi">
Premi

Premi ( "") is a Bengali movie that released in 2004. Directed by Rabi Kinagi, the movie featured Jeet, Jishu Sengupta and Chandana Sharma. This was Chandana Sharma's debut movie
This movie is also the debut of music director Jeet Ganguly.
Plot.
This movie is a remake of Telugu blockbuster movie "Nee Sneham" (English: Your Friendship) (2002) Directed by Paruchuri Murali starring Uday Kiran, Aarti Agarwal, Jatin Grewal
Rahul and Sumit are best friend and are footballers by profession. To save Rahul from an accident Sumit injuries his leg and becomes unable to play football. Rahul makes a promise to Sumit that he could fulfill Sumit’s dreams by becoming a great football player. One day Rahul meets Puja in a taxi and falls in love at first sight. Puja lives with her grandmother and grandfather. Meanwhile Puja also meets Sumit, whom she admires for his strength grit even being an invalid. Puja and her friends go to Goa and there they are joined by Rahul & his friends who had come there for a football match. Both Puja & Rahul becomes friend. But Puja is getting married to somebody else. Puja's marriage is cancelled as somebody accuses Puja as having an affair with Rahul. Puja’s grandfather cannot bear this shock & dies. This makes Puja misunderstand & hate Rahul. Rahul tries to help Puja secretly. Whenever she lands in any kind of trouble Rahul helps her and & even steals money from his father to help Puja. Rahul remains in the background & only contacts Puja via letters, where he address himself as a friend. Puja falls in love with this secret friend and is desperate to meet him. On the day of Holi Puja mistakes Sumit, as the secret friend & thrilled with joy she sends a marriage proposal to Sumit's home through her grandmother. Their marriage is finalised. Rahul is heartbroken to see his lady love marrying his best friend but he cannot say anything to Sumit as he is still is indebted to Sumit for saving his life. Puja is angry at seeing Rahul & tells him to stay away from her new life. Finally all misunderstandings are cleared and Rahul marries Puja.
Critical reception.
The two multiplexes feel the dashing combo of the two young Turks of Tollywood and their lady love has the pull to lure in the audiences. “Though it’s not the niche variety, Premi is a well-made, well-publicised urban romantic film which, we feel, will appeal to our audiences. Also because the Salt lake area consists of a large bulk of Bengali cine-goers. If this experiment succeeds, we may go for more such films,” revealed a spokesperson for INOX.
Much on the same lines, a spokesperson for 89 Cinemas added: “Premi is targeted at the youth and we think it will click with our viewers.
” While an audio cassette of Premi comes free with every ticket sold (Rs 60 and Rs 80) at the Salt Lake multiplex, the Swabhumi multi-screen is offering a slashed rate of Rs 50. The film rolls out at 6.30 pm, INOX-City Centre, and at 1.15 pm, 89 Cinemas. For masala films with local stars, the emphasis is more on glossy look and feel (read: fresh locales, trendy costumes, stylish interiors). In Shree Venkatesh Films’ Premi, the outdoors were all Gangtok, leading lady Chandana got her costumes designed from Mumbai, the wardrobe for Jeet and Jishu Sengupta was picked up from Pantaloons, Westside and Forum. The trendy casuals that Koel Mallick sports in "Shudhu Tumi", at the Arunachal Pradesh shooting sites, are also from Pantaloons.

</doc>
<doc id="20287642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287642" title="Western Independence Party of Manitoba candidates, 1990 Manitoba provincial election">
Western Independence Party of Manitoba candidates, 1990 Manitoba provincial election

The Western Independence Party of Manitoba ran six candidates in the 1990 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about the party's candidates may be found on this page.
Jan Mandseth (Fort Garry).
Mandseth received 249 votes (2.30%), finishing fourth against Progressive Conservative candidate Rosemary Vodrey.
Source: Elections Manitoba, Historical Summary

</doc>
<doc id="20287650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287650" title="Ginga-J">
Ginga-J

Ginga-J is the Ginga middleware subsystem which provides an execution infrastructure for Java applications, with functionalities for the Digital TV environment. 

</doc>
<doc id="20287651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287651" title="Stereoscopic Displays and Applications">
Stereoscopic Displays and Applications

Stereoscopic Displays and Applications (SD&A) is an academic technical conference, founded in 1990, in the field of stereoscopic 3D imaging. It is an annual conference that specialises in all forms of stereoscopic imaging, including stereoscopic 3D display hardware, stereoscopic 3D image capture, stereoscopic 3D image storage and processing, and also applications of these technologies. Although the name of the conference might suggest that it concerns only two-view 3D images, the conference includes significant coverage of multi-view autostereoscopic displays and volumetric 3D displays. The conference is held as part of the annual Electronic Imaging: Science and Technology Symposium organised by the two technical imaging societies IS&T and SPIE. 
Overview.
SD&A is an academic technical conference dedicated to stereoscopic imaging topics. Its backbone is the technical presentations, which are all accompanied by a technical paper published in the conference proceedings by SPIE Press (in cooperation with IS&T). Alongside the technical sessions, the conference has its own keynote, a popular demonstration session (where 20-30 stereoscopic displays can be seen in one place at one time), the 3D theater (where the latest stereoscopic content is shown), and a discussion forum.
Proceedings.
The technical proceedings are published jointly by SPIE and IS&T. Over 1100 technical papers have been published over the history of the SD&A conference. The full list of conference proceedings, including a compilation DVD-ROM (1990-2009), is listed at the SD&A website. 
The DVD-ROM compilation ""Stereoscopic Displays and Applications 1990-2009: A Complete 20-Year Retrospective - and The Engineering Reality of Virtual Reality 1994-2009 (CDP51)"" released in 2010 represents a technical knowledge base containing the complete technical record of the Stereoscopic Displays and Applications conference (1990-2009), The Engineering Reality of Virtual Reality conference (1994-2009), and papers from a selection of ten other 3D related SPIE conferences (1977-1989) predating SD&A. The disc contains 1260 individual technical papers – 816 from the Stereoscopic Displays and Applications conference, 223 from The Engineering Reality of Virtual Reality conference, and 221 papers from the SPIE 3D conferences prior to SD&A.
History.
SD&A was founded in 1990 by John O. Merritt and Scott Fisher, and has been held annually since. Holography pioneer Stephen Benton was also an SD&A conference chair from 2000 until his death in 2003.
From 1990 to 1993, papers from the SD&A conference were published in its own proceedings volume. From 1994, the papers from the SD&A conference were co-published with papers from The Engineering Reality of Virtual Reality conference (which was co-located with SD&A) in a volume series titled "Stereoscopic Displays and Virtual Reality Systems". From 2008, SD&A went back to the publication of papers in its own proceedings volume.

</doc>
<doc id="20287659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287659" title="Hans Hildenbrand">
Hans Hildenbrand

Hans Hildenbrand (1870 – 1957) was a German photographer who was famous for taking color photographs during World War I. His French counterpart is considered Jules Gervais-Courtellemont. Hildenbrand was a photographer for National Geographic after the war.

</doc>
<doc id="20287671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287671" title="Self-affirmation">
Self-affirmation

The theory of self-affirmation is a psychological theory that was first proposed by Claude Steele (1988) with the premise that people are motivated to maintain the integrity of the self. The ultimate goal of the self is to protect an image of its self-integrity, morality and adequacy. On the whole, integrity is defined as the sense that one is a good and appropriate person and the term "appropriate" refers to behavior that is fitting or suitable given the cultural norms and the salient demands on people within their culture. This theory explains why people respond in such a way to restore self-worth when their image of self-integrity is threatened. In this theory, people would respond to the threat using the indirect psychological adaptation of affirming alternative self resources unrelated to the provoking threat. As a result, these "self-affirmations" enable people to deal with threatening events and information without resorting to defensive biases, by fulfilling the need to protect self-integrity in the face of threat. In fact, this self-affirmation allows people to respond to the threatening information in a more open and even-handed manner.
Threats to the individual self.
People tend to interpret relatively uncomfortable information in a way consistent with their existing beliefs (see confirmation bias), a phenomenon which is associated with valued aspects of self-identity. The need to protect a valued identity is a major source of biased processing. Fortunately, people identify with multiple values. Researchers discovered that providing people with affirmation opportunities on alternative sources of self-integrity lead to a less biased evaluation to threatening information. Self-affirmation increases the openness of people to ideas that are difficult to accept.
Specifically, affirmation leads to attitude change by means of a more careful consideration of the information rather than through heuristic processing. Moreover, self-affirmation studies suggested that discomfort resulting from cognitive dissonance could be overcome if their self-integrity is enhanced through the affirmations of an alternative domain of identity.
For example, when encountering threatening health information, people often try to resist the information and persist with their unhealthy habits. In this case, self-affirmation can be used to help them be aware of potential risks and they may be more willing to consider the information, leading to higher motivation to engage in corrective reactions. In addition, self-affirmations encourage people to take a more global view on their self-integrity. When doing a threatening task, people who perceive themselves as having more abilities would feel less stressed as their overall feelings of self-integrity rely less on their performance on that particular task.
In relationships.
People often experience threats in their relationships, such as having a secret they do not want their partner to know or suspecting their partner is cheating on them. People with low self-esteem tend to react defensively to even mild threats in their relationships by distancing themselves from their partner, which may ultimately result in the demise of the relationship. Self-affirmations may reduce this tendency. When presented with a relationship threat, people with low self-esteem reacted less defensively if they were given the opportunity to self-affirm than if they were not given this opportunity.
In groups.
Besides reducing self-based and relationship-based threats, self-affirmations could also reduce threats to the self at a collective level, i.e. when people confront some threatening opinions or humiliating comments about the groups they belong to, such as race, gender, or affiliation with a location or sports team.
The usefulness of self-affirmation is portrayed in the experiment conducted by David Sherman. American "patriots" were given to read a report arguing "Islamic terrorism can be understood in terms of the social and economic forces of the Middle East" and "existence of flaws in US foreign policy to the fostering of terrorist attacks". When these participants were asked to self-affirm prior to reading the report (to write about an important value unrelated to their national identity), patriots became more open to the report. Self-affirmation also helps eliminate self-serving bias and group-serving bias, which is prevalent in attributions and group judgments. In conclusion, by affirming some aspects of the self, and unrelated to their group, an individual is able to maintain an overall self-perception of worth and integrity.
Important factors.
Culture imposes some effect on the process of self-affirmation. In individualistic cultures, the self is more emphasized, and independence stands out; meanwhile in collectivist cultures, kinship is emphasized and interdependence plays a significant role. Collectivists are less likely to be motivated to protect the self-integrity since self-esteem is less emphasized in their culture. However, the general process that affirmation reduces defensive responses to threats appears to be culturally invariant. Self-esteem also affects the self-affirmation process. People who affirm themselves in one aspect when they are facing threats to another aspect are believed to have more psychological support with which to self-affirm. Previous studies proved that high self-esteem individuals have more affirmational assets, and hence are more resilient to threatening incidents. People with high self-esteem are more likely to rely on self-affirmation than other defensive mechanism such as rationalization. Generally, self-affirmation increases people's open-mindedness and flexibility. However, the domain from which the threat and affirmation emerge is important. In the case that the threat and affirmation come from the same domain, self-affirmation would lead to a decrease in open-mindedness and flexibility. Further research is needed to determine the conditions under which affirmations lead to open-mindedness.
Applications.
Fighting against stress by affirming love from your partner.
Self-affirmation is an effective tool when we are faced with life pressures. Specifically, personal relationships, such as romantic relationships, are a noteworthy resource of affirmation during stressors. The affirmation process can be done by writing down positive statements about our partners, such as how they care about us and how we appreciate the love from our partners.
Relieving the strained relationship with partners.
Several different factors contribute to the stability of interpersonal relationships. Upward social comparison, the process of contrasting ourselves with someone who is more capable, may pose a threat to the relationships. The risk generally arises after we compare ourselves with others and realize that our partners are more proficient than us. When dealing with this kind of within-relationship threat, especially for closer relationships, the potential threat can be alleviated by affirming and giving emphasis to the warmth and kindness in the relationship.
The others.
The technique of self-affirmation can also be used in multiple ways.
By writing down our desirable characteristics before a threat, we are less biased when we see threatening health messages. This can be applied in some group-based cigarette cessation programs. For smokers, after receiving a self-affirmation intervention, they will have a lower defensiveness towards graphic cigarette warning labels. With lowered defensiveness towards those warning labels, smokers will have a stronger intention to quit smoking. Self-affirmation can also be utilized in different settings. For example, there is evidence that shows that by using self-affirmation, heavy drinkers will have a higher self-perceived risk as well as a higher intention to reduce alcohol consumption.
In a study concerning risky sexual behavior of undergraduates, those who received a self-affirmation intervention before viewing an AIDS-educational video had a higher self-perceived risk of contracting AIDS than the control group. Moreover, those self-affirmed students were also more likely to buy condoms after watching the video.
However, all of these research studies disguised the intent of the affirmation intervention, sometimes portraying the intervention as a separate study to the subsequent measurement. In a cautionary tone about the broad applicability of this intervention, research indicates that self-affirmation has no effect when the participant is fully informed about the purpose of the study.

</doc>
<doc id="20287698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287698" title="Todd Lamb (politician)">
Todd Lamb (politician)

Todd Lamb (born 1971) is a Republican United States politician from Oklahoma who is serving as the 16th Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma and was a member of the Oklahoma Senate from 2004 to 2011. For the 52nd Oklahoma Legislature, Lamb's fellow Republican state senators elected him as their Majority Floor Leader. As Majority Leader, Lamb was the second highest ranking state senator, behind then-Senate President pro tempore Glenn Coffee. 
On July 1, 2009, Lamb filed to run for Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma in the 2010 elections to succeed outgoing Lt. Governor Jari Askins, who stepped down to run for Governor of Oklahoma.
Early life and career.
Lamb is the son of Norman Lamb, a former Oklahoma State Senator and the former Oklahoma Secretary of Veterans Affairs under Governor Brad Henry. Lamb was raised in Enid, Oklahoma, and graduated from Enid High School and Oklahoma State University.
In 1993, he joined Frank Keating's campaign for Governor of Oklahoma, and was subsequently appointed to the Governor's staff following the November, 1994 election. He resigned from the Governor's staff in order to become a Special Agent with the United States Secret Service in 1998, where he conducted numerous criminal investigations relating to counterfeiting, bank fraud, identity theft, and threats against the President of the United States. During the 2000 presidential election campaign, he served as a site supervisor for George W. Bush's campaign. In 2001, he was appointed to the national Joint Terrorism Task Force, and following the 9/11 terror attacks was assigned to assist in the investigation of the attacks.
Senate career.
Lamb was a member of the Oklahoma Senate from 2004 to 2011, representing the 47th Senate District (which includes part of Oklahoma City as well as Edmond). He faced no opposition in the 2008 election.
In August 2009, the bill he introduced (which was made law) requiring doctors to perform ultrasounds and offer women detailed information about the tests before performing abortions was struck down.
As Majority Floor Leader, Senator Lamb was Ex Officio in all committees.
Campaign for lieutenant governor.
On July 1, 2009, Senator Lamb filed to run for the office of Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma in the 2010 elections. Senator Lamb made his announcement in late August 2009. As part of the announcement, Senator Lamb held events in Oklahoma City, Tulsa, Enid, and Lawton.
Lamb faced four Republican primary election opponents in John A. Wright (R-Broken Arrow), a member of the Oklahoma State House, Bill Crozier (a former Republican candidate for Superintendent of Public Instruction), Bernie Adler (an Oklahoma City real estate investor), and Paul Nosak (a tree removal service owner from Oklahoma City), and won the primary election with over 66% of the votes cast, thus avoiding a runoff.
In the general election, Lamb faced Democrat Kenneth Corn and independent candidate Richard Prawdzienski and won with over 64% of the votes cast.

</doc>
<doc id="20287710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287710" title="Execution (album)">
Execution (album)

Execution is the first full-length album by Tribuzy.
Personnel.
The band:
Guest Musicians:
Production people:

</doc>
<doc id="20287721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287721" title="Jules Gervais-Courtellemont">
Jules Gervais-Courtellemont

Jules Gervais-Courtellemont (1863–1931) was a French photographer who was famous for taking color autochromes during World War I. He was born in the province of Seine-et-Marne, near Paris, but grew up in Algeria, where he developed a passion for the pre-colonial Orient and devoted most of his professional career in search of the exotic. In 1894 converted to Islam prior to making a pilgrimage to Mecca. Images collected in Turkey, Palestine, Egypt, Tunisia, Spain, India, Morocco and China formed the basis for his popular illustrated lectures, which he illustrated with lantern slides. With the outbreak of World War I, Courtellemont returned to his home province to record the war. After the war, Courtellemont began working for an American publication. He eventually became a photographer for "National Geographic". In 1911, Courtellemont opened the "Palais de l'autochromie" in Paris, which comprised an exhibition hall, studio, laboratory, and lecture hall with a seating capacity of 250. It was in this hall that Courtellemont would project his autochromes both of the Orient and, after 1914, of the war, particularly the Marne battlefields. These lectures proved to be so popular that Courtellemont issued a twelve-part series later bound in book form called "The Battle of Marne" and later a four-part series entitled "The Battle of Verdun". These are the first books ever published in color on war. Between 1923 and 1925 he wrote a three-volume work entitled "La Civilisation – Histoire sociale de l'humanité", illustrated with his photographs. He was a lifelong friend of the novelist, Orientalist and photographer Pierre Loti. While over 5,500 Gervais-Courtellemont autochromes survive in various institutional collections, his work in private hands is quite rare and sought after. Courtellemon died in 1931. His German counterpart is Hans Hildenbrand.
Style.
Courtellemont's work displays a tight sense of composition, an acute awareness of the interplay of light on color, and a haunting familiarity of symbolism. Landscapes are carefully composed, with due attention to lighting and placement within the picture frame. He used symbols such as the lonely cross and the charred tree for dramatic effect.

</doc>
<doc id="20287747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287747" title="Chevalier (name)">
Chevalier (name)

Chevalier is both a French surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Surname:
Given name:

</doc>
<doc id="20287751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287751" title="1985 Philadelphia Eagles season">
1985 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 1985 Philadelphia Eagles season was their 53rd in the league. The team improved upon their previous output of 6–9–1, winning seven games. This was the fourth consecutive season in which the team failed to qualify for the playoffs.
Philadelphia was in position to earn a wild-card berth with a 6–5 record by late November, but a four-game losing streak torpedoed their playoff hopes. That losing streak also cost head coach Marion Campbell his job before the season finale at Minnesota. Under interim coach Fred Bruney, the Birds pulled off a 37–35 victory at the Metrodome to finish the season on an up note.
Two bright spots emerged at the quarterback position.. Ron Jaworski returned from the broken leg suffered at the end of the 1984 season, and performed well enough (3,450 passing yards, 17 TDs) to be considered for comeback player of the year, though no award was given out. In addition, second-round draft pick Randall Cunningham made his debut on September 22 at Washington and earned his first career victory at RFK Stadium.
On November 10 at Veterans Stadium, Jaworski hooked up with wide receiver Mike Quick for a club-record 99-yard touchdown pass in overtime to beat the Atlanta Falcons, 23–17. 
Offseason.
Player Selections.
The table shows the Eagles selections and what picks they had that were traded away and the team that ended up with that pick. It is possible the Eagles' pick ended up with this team via another team that the Eagles made a trade with. 
Not shown are acquired picks that the Eagles traded away. 

</doc>
<doc id="20287752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287752" title="Versus de Verona">
Versus de Verona

The Versus de Verona, also Carmen Pipinianum or Rhythmus Pipinianus ("Ritmo Pipiniano"), formed a medieval Latin poetic encomium on the city of Verona, composed during the Carolingian Renaissance, between 795 and 806. It was modeled on the "Versum de Mediolano Civitate" (c.738), which is preserved today only in a Veronese manuscript. The anonymous "Versus" have been ascribed to Pacificus, archdeacon at Verona from 803 until his death in 846, but this ascription is unlikely. The poem consists of thirty-three strophes and three verses. 
Context and content.
Contextually, the "Versus" were composed in a city that had undergone a recent ecclesiastical reform—under its bishops Eginus (c.780) and Ratold (799)—and the establishment of an abbey and basilica dedicated to the patron Saint Zeno outside the walls of the city and the establishment of the orthodox Cathedral of Maria Matricolare within the walls. In 799 Pippin of Italy had moved his royal court from Pavia to Verona. At the time Verona possessed newly rebuilt walls, studded with forty regular towers and eighth tall ones at the gates, referred to in lines 4–6. The poet of the "Versus", probably a monk, stresses not only the glory of Verona's Christian present, but departs from his model, the "Versum", to praise its pagan past: "fana, tempora, constructa a deorum nomina" ("its shrines and temples were built and dedicated to the gods", line 13). The monuments specifically referred to are the Roman amphitheatre and the Ponte di Pietra. The "Versus" can form a valuable source for early medieval Verona, since the city was partially destroyed by the earthquake of 3 January 1117. 
In lines 22–24, the Veronese poet does lament the evil of the city's pagan founders. Thereafter the "Versus" is dedicated to the thirty-five saints, forty martyrs, and twelve apostles associated with Verona. The list of Veronese bishops after line 40 does not appear to be based on the earlier "Sermo de Vita S. Zenonis" or "Vita Zenonis", but is similar to a list of bishops embroidered on the "Velo di Classe" of bishop Anno ("c".760). The return of the relics of Firmus and Rusticus, which had first been taken to Africa, then to Capodistria and finally to Trieste, before bishop Anno brought them back around 760 and re-buried them in their original sarcophagus, inspired reference to these saints. The anonymous poet, in competition with Milan, lists some Milanese saints (lines 63–64) and some cities which praise Verona, "the gateway to the bounds of Liguria": Aquileia, Mantua, Brescia, Pavia, Rome, and Ravenna; Milan is notably omitted.
Linguistic analysis.
The anonymous poet was inventive in his use of language. He praises Verona in line 2 for its pre-eminence among the cities "in partibus Venetiarum, ut docet Isidorus", "in the area of the Veneto, as Isidore teaches." In fact, Isidore teaches no such thing, and the plural form "Venetiarum" is an invention of the poet. In general, the poet's non-classical usages contrast with his evident learnedness. His verses are marked by "syllabic irregularities" among other anomalies. 
The "Versus" are sometimes classified as "popular" poetry, on the basis of their vulgarisms. This generally assumes that the poet was writing in an uneducated manner, but this is unsatisfactory in the case of the Veronese writer, who often deliberately moves away (grammatically) from his source. Rather, the poet is constructing a Latin more accessible to his clerical audience, based on their spoken Latin. There is a parallel between this and the similar vulgarising of Paulinus II of Aquileia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20287758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287758" title="Gerald Fenwick Metcalfe">
Gerald Fenwick Metcalfe

Gerald Fenwick Metcalfe (23 Aug 1871 - 1929) was a British portrait painter, miniaturist, illustrator and modeller. He was born at Landour, India. In 1881 he was living with his widowed mother in Walcot, Somerset. He studied at the South Kensington, St John's Wood (where he met Byam Shaw, also born in India) and Royal Academy Schools. He was working in Chelsea 1902-3 and at Albury, Surrey, 1914-1925.

</doc>
<doc id="20287778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287778" title="USS Waubansee (YTM-366)">
USS Waubansee (YTM-366)

USS "Waubansee" (YTB-366), originally YT-366, later YTM-366, was a United States Navy harbor tug commissioned in 1944 and stricken in 1983.
"Waubansee" was laid down as a yard tug on 24 April 1944 at Morris Heights, New York, by the Consolidated Shipbuilding Corporation. While under construction she was reclassified as a large harbor tug and redesignated YTB-366 on 15 May 1944. Launched on 10 June 1944, she was completed and placed in service at the New York Navy Yard, Brooklyn, New York, on 11 October 1944.
After initial service at the Boston Navy Yard in Boston, Massachusetts, "Waubansee" was reassigned to the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, on 30 April 1953. Reclassified as a medium harbor tug and redesignated YTM-366 in February 1962, "Waubansee" operated in the 1st Naval District, providing tug and tow services and pilot assistance.
Taken out of service and placed in reserve in August 1977, "Waubensee" was berthed at Portsmouth, Virginia.
According to her "Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships" entry, "Waubansee" was being prepared for reactivation at the time of the entry's publication in the spring of 1979, but there are no available records that confirm a reactivation. She was stricken on 15 April 1983, pending disposal.
In 1983, the Federal government donated the tug to SUNY Maritime College and was rechristened the "Domer".

</doc>
<doc id="20287786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287786" title="Tzipi Hotovely">
Tzipi Hotovely

Tzipi Hotovely (, born 2 December 1978) is an Israeli politician. She is a member of the Knesset for the Likud party since 2009. On 18 March 2013 she joined the new government of Israel as Deputy Minister of Transportation.
Hotovely is a doctorate student at the Faculty of Law in Tel Aviv University. Hotovely practises Orthodox Judaism and is a self-described "religious rightwinger". At the age of 34, she was the 18th Knesset's youngest member. She is described as the "ideological voice" of the Likud Party. She regularly campaigns for improved women's rights, and chaired the Knesset Committee on the Status of Women in the 18th Knesset, before joining the government at the beginning of the 19th Knesset in 2013.
Early life.
Hotovely's parents were immigrants from Georgia, then part of the former Soviet Union. She was born and grew up in Rehovot and graduated from the 'Bnei Akiva' ulpanit (a national-religious high school for girls) in Tel Aviv. She subsequently served two years of national service as a tour guide in Beit HaRav Kook museum in Jerusalem, and as a Jewish Agency representative in Atlanta.
She completed her Bachelor's and Master's degrees at Bar-Ilan University, graduating with honors. Upon completion of her academic studies she interned in the law office of Ram Caspi in Tel Aviv, specializing in Corporate Law, and became a certified lawyer in 2003. Between 2003 and 2005 she served as the editor of Bar-Ilan's Journal of Law, and later chose to continue her academic career, beginning her studies for a doctorate at Tel Aviv University. During her studies she was active in the World Union of Jewish Students (WUJS), and represented the organization at a student conference in South Africa. She was also the representative of the World Bnei Akiva movement in Paris. She has a higher education in Judaism, having studied at the Bruria Seminary in Jerusalem, and the Girl's Seminary at Bar-Ilan University.
She married Or Alon, a lawyer, on 27 May 2013.
Media career.
In 2006, she joined the panel of the political discussion program "Moetzet HaHahamim" (Council of
the Wise) on Channel 10, hosted by Dan Margalit. Among the panel's members were journalists Amnon Dankner, the late Tommy Lapid, Ari Shavit and Gideon Levy. Hotovely represented the right-wing on the panel, and was among the critics of the Olmert government following the 2006 Lebanon War. She supported the reserve soldiers' demonstrations, and called on the country's leadership to resign.
Also in 2006, she started writing opinion pieces for Maariv concerning current political issues, and
since 2007 she has a regular column in the Judaism section of nrg, the subject being the link between topics
in Judaism and current events. She took part in several television programs on Channel 2: "Osim Seder" (putting in order) with Ben Caspit, "Talking of Current Events" with Dalia Neumann, and "Medinat Halakha" with Uri Orbakh and Sarah Blau. She also participated as a guest host in the program "HaBayit HaYehudi" (The Jewish House) on
Channel 1.
Political career.
On 11 November 2008, she announced that she was joining Likud, and would compete in the party's primaries for the 18th Knesset. She made the 18th slot on the party's list for the 2009 elections, and became a member of the Knesset.
In March 2011, she wrote that Israeli author Amos Oz was naive, after he sent a Hamas leader a copy of his auto-biography, writing that Oz would lack even the instinct to distinguish between Mordechai and Haman.
In July 2011, Hotovely met with Glenn Beck. She told him that "this conflict isn't territorial...This is a religious battle led by Islam. We can't ignore this basic truth."
In December 2011, as part of the Haredi-secular conflict in Israel in winter of 2011-2012, Hotovely gained media attention by sitting at the front of a Mehadrin public bus used by the Haredi public, where women are asked to sit at the back of the bus.
Hotovely rejects Palestinian statehood aspirations — she's for Eretz Israel, or a Greater Israel spanning over the entire land of historic Palestine.

</doc>
<doc id="20287795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287795" title="David Johnny">
David Johnny

David Johnny (born on January 5, 1982) is a Malaysian footballer from the state of Sabah who plays as a right back for Sabah FA in the Malaysia Premier League. He previously played for University Malaysia Sabah.

</doc>
<doc id="20287855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287855" title="Brian Bingman">
Brian Bingman

Brian Bingman (born December 9, 1953) is a Republican United States politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma and is the President Pro Tempore of the Oklahoma Senate.
He currently works for Uplands Resources Inc. in Tulsa as Vice-President of Land and Operations and is the current President of the Energy Council, an international coalition of states and Canadian province leaders in energy policy.
Bingman is a member of the Creek Nation and the Sapulpa Chamber of Commerce.
Early life.
Bingman received a BBA in Petroleum Land Management from the University of Oklahoma in 1976. Bingman continues active participation in the American Association of Petroleum Landmen, Tulsa Association of Petroleum Landmen and the Oklahoma Independent Producers Association. He is an active member of the First Presbyterian Church of Sapulpa.
Political career.
Bingman served as Mayor of Sapulpa from 1992 to 2004.
Bingman was elected to the Oklahoma House of Representatives in 2004 and the Oklahoma Senate in 2006. He won his 2006 Senate election with 10,668 votes to opponent John Mark Young's 9,593 votes.
Bingman was appointed the Co-Chairman of the Energy Committee in 2006 and was re-appointed as the sole Chairman of the committee upon the Republican majority election in 2008.
Bingman became President Pro Tempore of the Senate on January 4, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20287873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287873" title="1985 St. Louis Cardinals (NFL) season">
1985 St. Louis Cardinals (NFL) season

The 1985 St. Louis Cardinals season was the 66th season the team was in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 9–7, winning only five games. This was the third straight season in which the team did not reach the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="20287916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287916" title="Mridula Sinha">
Mridula Sinha

Mridula Sinha (born on 27 November 1942 in Village Chhapra of Muzaffarpur district in Bihar) is a famous writer of Hindi Literature and Ex Chairperson of Central Board of Social Welfare. A film based on the life of Rajmata Vijayaraje Scindia was made using the biography of the book "Ek thi rani aisi bhi" written by Mrs Sinha. She is also a former Bharatiya Janata Party Mahila Morcha president. 
Short biography.
Mridula Sinha was born to Anupa Devi and Baboo Chhabile Singh on 27 November 1942 in the village Chhapra of Muzaffarpur district, now in Bihar state of India. After taking the post graduation degree in Psychology she did B.Ed.. ( i.e. a bachelor degree in education). She started her life as a college lecturer in Muzaffarpur. She left the job of principal from a school of Motihari and dedicated herself to Hindi literature. After marriage with Dr Ram Kripal Sinha, who was earlier a college lecturer and later became a cabinet minister in Bihar state government, Mridula also joined the politics.
She lives with her spouse and children in New Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="20287930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287930" title="Jalayir">
Jalayir

Jalayir (/Jalair; ,also Djalair (~ Yyalair), Jalair ) is one of the Darliqin Mongol tribes according to Rashid-al-Din Hamadani's Jami' al-tawarikh. They lived along the Shilka River of modern Russian Zabaykalsky Krai. After the Mongol conquest in the 13th century many Jalayirs spread over Central Asia and the Middle East. Jalayirs are one of the founding tribes of Mongolia's largest ethnic group Khalkha. Smaller clans named Jalayir are also found among the Inner Mongolians in China. The Jalayirs who stayed in Central Asia under the rules of Genghis Khan's older sons' descendants eventually adopted Turkic language. They are found among the Kazakhs of the Great jüz; also they are found among the Uzbeks (especially among Uzbeks of Southern Tajikistan and Afghanistan), Karakalpaks, and the Kyrgyz. The Jalayirs who went to Iran, Iraq, and Afghanistan found the Jalayirid Sultanate in 1330. The state was then taken over by the "Black sheep" Turks or Kara Koyunlu in 1432. Smaller numbers of powerful Jalayir families lived in Khorasan, Iran as well as in the Mughal Empire until the 19th century.
Early history.
The Jalayir might be the Chaladi who were recorded in Chinese sources of 910. The Jalayirs revolted against the Khitan rule in 1014. Subsequently, they were suppressed by the Khitans in the next year. Then the Jalayirs turned to the Mongol tirbe and defeated the Borjigins utterly. But Khaidu of the Borjigin conquered and dispersed them among Mongol tribes around 1060.
The Jalayir is one of the three core tribes in Khamag Mongol confederation in 12th century.
The Jalayirs such as Mukhulai helped Genghis Khan to found his Empire. During the Mongol invasion of Khorazm in 1219-1223, Muqali campaigned in North China as the first prince of the state (guo-wang) and a viceory. The Jalayirs served under Great Khans as steward, chief judge, imperial tutor and advisor. Genghis Khan also gave 1,000 men under Jalayir Moqe noyan to his son Chagatai Khan in Turkestan. And a body of the Jalayir settled in Golden Horde.
Medieval Jalayirs.
When Möngke Khan ordered Hulagu (Alau) to conquer Abbasid caliphate, Ayyubids in Syria and Mamluks in Egypt in 1252, the Jalayirs prepared strong military contingent. Their commander Kok-Elege participated sieges of Persian and Arab fortresses from 1256–1261 and the battle against Berke's commander Nogai Khan in 1262.
Under Genghis Khan's successors, Muqali's descendants inherited his title and came to be one of the mainstays of Confucian influence in Kublaid Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368). The Jalayirs were close to Great Khans in China and Il-khans in Iran. In Il-khanate, Jalayir Buqa revolted against Tekuder Khan and installed Hulagu's grandson Arghun in 1284. But his coup was revealed and executed by his protégé later. After the death of Qazan Khan (r. 1343-1346), Chagatai Khanate fell under the control of nomadic Turco-Mongol clans: the Jalayir in the north, the Arlat in the west, the Barlas in the centre, the Qaraunas and the Qa'uchin in the south-west and the Dughlats in the east. Meanwhile, Hasan Buzurg established Jalayirid Dynasty and tried to reunite Turco-Mongol states in the name of his puppet khans in Iraq and western Persia of which fell into political chaos after the death of Il-khan Arpa Ke'un in 1336. When Tamerlane ravaged the Jalayirid Dynasty of Ahmad (1383–1410), Central Asian Jalayirs were one of main clans in both Timurid Empire and Moghulistan. The Jalayirids in Persia were finally overthrown by Kara Koyunlu Turks in 1432. But the Jalayirs in Central Asia were active for two more centuries.
In 16th century, the Jalayirs played important role in Eastern and Central Mongolian politics. They were one of the 14 clans of Khalkha tumen and Dayan Khan's son Gersenj was written in Mongolian chronicles as the prince of Jalayir (Jalaid).
Jalayir tribe in the Kazakh people.
Now, the Jalayir (or Жалайыр in Kazakh language) tribe is one of the big-major tribe of the modern Kazakh people from the ancient time, the Jalayir population about 700,000 in Kazakhs, belongs to the Senior-Juz of Kazakhs, mostly the Jalayirs live in north, north-east and middle part of Kazakhstan such as Saryarka region, Karagandy province and Akmola province and east Kazakhstan province, Jalayirs also exists with a few populations among the Kazakh people in Uzbekistan and Russia (see the Jalayir tribe of Kazakh people - from Wikipedia Jalayir introduction in Kazakh language - https://kk.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%96%D0%B0%D0%BB%D0%B0%D0%B9%D1%8B%D1%80).
Modern Jalayirs.
Iran.
The Jalayirs were brought to Khorasan by Timur and numbered 400 families. They are the inhabitants of Kalat-i-nadiri.
Until end of the 19th century, Kalat-i-nadiri had its own hereditary chief of Jalayir tribe who held the fortress as feudatories of Persia. Under Nader Shah Afshar Jalayirs rose to power and held important official positions within government and military:
Hereditary rulers of Kalat-i-nadiri:
India.
There were Jalayirs who served in Mughal Empire as officials.
Mongolia.
They are part of the Khalkha people of Mongolia. Also, they are found at present as a clan and a banner in the Jirim and Ordos Leagues as well as Chahar of Inner Mongolia.
Former USSR.
Today the Jalayir clans found among the Great jüz tribal union in Kazakhstan, Uzbeks, Karakalpaks, and Kyrgyz.
Ethnic origin theory.
"The term Jalayir (~ "Yyalair") can be the Mongolian version of the Turkic name for the "dynastic" tribe of the Second Uigur Kaganate (758-843): Yaglakar ~ "yala er". Yaglakar (Ch. 藥羅葛/药罗葛 Yaoluoge) was the royal tribe of the Tele Uigur On-Uigur Toquz Oγuz "ten Uigur tribes in the Tokuz-Oguz confederation".

</doc>
<doc id="20287976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287976" title="Moving Right Along">
Moving Right Along

Moving Right Along is an album released in 1993. It is the eleventh album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and their seventh and final album to be released on the Italian Black Saint label.
The album features performances and compositions by Hamiet Bluiett, Eric Person, Oliver Lake and David Murray with a guest appearance by James Spaulding on two tracks.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ron Wynn awarded the album 4½ stars stating "The WSQ did its usual array of material, from bubbling R&B and funk-tempered numbers to hard bop and swing-oriented tunes, plus two stirring renditions of "Amazing Grace."".

</doc>
<doc id="20287979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287979" title="Yonty Solomon">
Yonty Solomon

Jonathan "Yonty" Solomon (6 May 193726 September 2008) was a South African pianist who was soloist throughout the world with many of the most important symphony orchestras.
Biography.
Solomon was born in Cape Town, the youngest of seven children of a family from Lithuania. At the age of six he showed an interest in boogie-woogie and jazz. After winning a musical scholarship, and receiving support from Kendall Taylor, he studied at the University of Cape Town, graduating with distinction in both music and psychology.
He continued his studies with Dame Myra Hess, Guido Agosti and Charles Rosen. He won several major piano competitions, including the Harriet Cohen Beethoven Medal. He made his Wigmore Hall debut in London in 1963 with Bach's "Goldberg Variations"—which became his "calling card"—and Chopin's 24 Preludes. Shortly after this, he accompanied Mstislav Rostropovich in recital. He played duo recitals with many other leading musicians throughout his career.
While Solomon was renowned for his interpretations of the music of Debussy, Ravel, Albéniz, Granados, Janáček and Chopin, his repertoire extended from Bach and Beethoven through to contemporary composers. He gave the first performance of Richard Rodney Bennett's "Five Studies" (1964), Wilfred Josephs's "Piano Studies" and his Piano Concerto (both 1967) and Usko Merilaainen's Piano Sonata No. 2 (1967).
He was the first pianist in recent years to receive permission from Kaikhosru Shapurji Sorabji to perform and record his music. In 1976, he played several of Sorabji's pieces in London. His recital featuring three of Sorabji's "Études transcendantes (100)" (1940–44) at the Wigmore Hall in 1980 was praised for its "effortless handling of explosive textures" and "brilliance without sacrifice". He recorded Sorabji's "Le jardin parfumé".
In 1990, he formed the Solomon Trio with the violinist Rodney Friend and the cellist Timothy Hugh. Between 1990 and 1994, they performed in Milan, Geneva, Birmingham, and London, as well as in Germany and Spain. They made a recording for Pickwick of the Tchaikovsky and Arensky piano trios. He also recorded for Decca, Philips, Altarus, Carlton, BBC, and other labels.
Yonty Solomon worked as musical advisor on television and several films. He gave 300 hours of tuition to Navin Chowdhry to mime playing a musical prodigy in "Madame Sousatzka" (1988). His playing of works by Chopin, Schumann, Brahms, Schubert, and his own "Beethoven to Boogie" could also be heard in the film. He coached Hugh Grant in "Impromptu" (1991), in which Grant portrayed Frédéric Chopin.
He was a Fellow of the Royal College of Music, where he was Professor of Piano. He was also a professor at Trinity College of Music and President of the Alkan Society.
His generosity in giving charity concerts included Jewish charities. A brain tumour became evident in January 2008, and he died in London in September. He was survived by his partner, Rowan Meyer.

</doc>
<doc id="20287991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20287991" title="Divergent question">
Divergent question

A divergent question is a question with no specific answer, but rather exercises one's ability to think broadly about a certain topic.
In education.
Popular in inquiry education, divergent questions allow students to explore different avenues and create many different variations and alternative answers or scenarios. Correctness may be based on logical projections, may be contextual, or arrived at through basic knowledge, conjecture, inference, projection, creation, intuition, or imagination. These types of questions often require students to analyze, synthesize, or evaluate a knowledge base and then project or predict different outcomes.
A simple example of a divergent question is:
"Write down as many different uses as you can think of for the following objects: (1) a brick, (2) a blanket."

</doc>
<doc id="20288029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288029" title="Northern Light (spacecraft)">
Northern Light (spacecraft)

Northern Light is a proposed unmanned mission to Mars that would consist of a lander and a rover, being planned by a consortium of Canadian universities, companies and organisations. The primary contractor for the spacecraft is Thoth Technology Inc..
The spacecraft would consist of four parts: An apogee kick engine to provide orbital injection for a cruise vehicle that carries the Northern Light lander and the Beaver Rover to a direct rendezvous with Mars using a Hohmann transfer orbit. Atmospheric entry would be achieved by a heat shield, parachute and airbag deployment system. 
The lander would transfer the rover to the Martian surface. Once deployed on the Martian surface, the lander contacts Earth directly utilizing the 46m parabolic antenna located at the Algonquin Radio Observatory.
The Beaver Rover is designed to have a maximum range of 1000 metres (0.62 mile) from the landing site. It would operate under battery, utilizing tools and sensors to investigate surface rocks that may contain the presence of photosynthetic life.
History.
The project officially started in 2001, and its project leader is Ben Quine, from York University, Canada. York University has participated in the Canadian Space Program and has designed several space research instruments and applications currently used by NASA, including the meteorological station on board the Phoenix Mars lander.
Partners in this Mars project are York University, University of Alberta, University of Toronto, University of Waterloo, University of Winnipeg, University of Western Ontario, University of Saskatchewan, University of New Brunswick, McGill University and Simon Fraser University. The mission control for the period after it lands on Mars, would be headquartered at York University.
The cost will be an estimated $20 million, or possibly less if another country shares the rocket. The Canadian Space Agency confirmed it knows of the project, but has no involvement in it.
Scientific goals.
There are four primary goals for the mission:
Payload of the Beaver Rover.
The rover system is required for geological surface exploration and for subsurface imaging. With a mass of approximately 6 kg (13.2 lb), the rover will operate under its own power and will have a range of roughly . The rover will be equipped with a visible camera for manoeuvering and surface exploration, as well as a Point Spectrometer and microscope camera for geological survey. A ground-penetrating radar will explore the Martian subsurface and will look for water; an active vibrator and receiver will use short, sub-millisecond pulses to conduct an acoustic study of the subsurface. For immediate subsurface exploration, the rover will be equipped with a rock grinding tool.
MASSur Seismic Sensor.
The MASSur Seismic Sensor, developed by the University of Calgary and GENNIX Technology Corporation, will provide depth profiles of the Martian surface. Specifically, a seismometer will conduct tests to determine the rigidity and elasticity of the Martian topsoil as well as its rock properties. Sediments, permafrost, and water may all have distinct signatures. This seismic system will use a vibrational source and elastic-wave receivers (accelerometers) on both the lander and on the Beaver Rover. The redundancy of lander and rover appartus, ensures that some primary science objectives can be met without rover deployment.
Ground Penetrating Radar.
The Ground-Penetrating Radar (GPR) will utilize a 200 MHz radar to provide fine-scale, sub-surface imaging to a depth of 20 m (65 ft) on loose aggregate and up to 100 m (328 ft) on permafrost or ice. It shares several systems with the seismic instruments.
TC Corer.
The corer will be capable of drilling up to 10 mm into surface rocks. This tool is used in conjunction with the Aurora spectrometer and microscope to examine the near-surface composition and to look for biosignatures of near-surface life. The core is contributed to the mission from Hong Kong. The flight model instrument has a mass of 350g.
Payload of the Northern Light Lander.
Aurora Spectrometer.
The spectrometer has a wavelength coverage of 625 nm to 2500 nm and observes the whole sky. The instrument will measure variations in spectral irradiance which can be utilized to determine aerosol and atmospheric composition including the concentration of carbon dioxide, the major constituent of the Martian atmosphere. It will also carry out angular dependency of radiation influx in the atmosphere. The Aurora instrument has a mass of 450g.
Argus Spectrometer.
Similar in design to the award-winning Argus 1000 spectrometer, flown on CanX-2, the radiometer will be the primary equipment of the Northern Light lander making measurements of spectral rock reflectance. The spectrometer has a mass of 240g.
Camera systems.
The camera systems on the lander will have the capability of narrow and wide field surveys.
The narrow field survey will provide a very high resolution, panoramic view of the landing site. Colour filters will perform some spectral mapping and mineral identification of the surrounding soil; the camera will also perform limited atmospheric and astronomical observations. Colour images of Earth will be obtained.
The wide field survey will provide an overall colour view of the lander’s surroundings to help rover deployment and route planning.
MASSur Seismic Sensors.
Similar specifications as those on the Beaver Rover.
Environmental sensors.
Environmental sensors will monitor environmental conditions at the landing site. Various equipment will measure UV rays, oxidising substances, air pressure, air temperature, dust impact, wind velocity, and ground vibration. These sensors will have a combined mass of 130 g. Flight models were previously developed for Britain’s Beagle 2 lander.
Launch.
A planned launch date is not available. The launcher type has not yet been confirmed.
Tracking.
The entry system will be tracked and targeted utilizing a combination of Doppler radar and very long baseline interferometry. This data is processed by a high-resolution orbital model that utilizes high-precision ephemeris to predict spacecraft location and trajectory.
Upon launch, tracking will commence at the Algonquin Radio Observatory. After orbital injection, the spacecraft will be contacted periodically to obtain system status and to determine trajectory. As the package reaches the Matrian thermosphere continuous tracking will commence in order to verify mechanism deployment during descent.
Landing site.
The landing site has not yet been determined. Given the purpose of the equipment aboard the spacecraft, the landing site will more than likely be a dry 'sea', within 5 km of a basin formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20288037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288037" title="Diagnostic electron microscopy">
Diagnostic electron microscopy

The transmission electron microscope (TEM) is used as an important diagnostic tool to screen human tissues at high magnification (the ultrastructural level), often in conjunction with other methods, particularly light microscopy and immunofluorescence techniques. The TEM was first used extensively for this purpose in the 1980s, especially for identifying the markers of cell differentiation to identify tumours, and in renal disease. Immunolabelling techniques are now generally used instead of the TEM for tumour diagnosis but the technique retains a critical role in the diagnosis of renal disease and a range of other conditions. 
Specifically, TEM should be used for diagnostic purposes when it: (1) provides useful (complementary) information in the context of a carefully considered differential diagnosis; (2) provides an ‘improved’ diagnosis that results in better treatment strategies and; (3) is time & cost effective in respect to alternative techniques. For diagnostic purposes solid tissues are prepared for TEM in the same way as other biological tissues, they are fixed in glutaraldehyde and osmium tetroxide then dehydrated and embedded in epoxy resin. The epoxy resin block is trimmed and the target tissue is selected using a light microscope by viewing semithin sections stained with toluidine blue. The block is then retrimmed and the specific area for observation is ultrathin sectioned, preferably using a diamond knife. The ultrathin sections are collected on 3mm copper (mesh) grids and stained with uranyl acetate and lead citrate to make the contents of the tissue electron dense (and thus visible in the electron microscope).
External links.
The Association of Clinical Electron Microscopists (UK)[http://www.acem.org.uk/]

</doc>
<doc id="20288060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288060" title="Mastan">
Mastan

Mastan () is a Bengali thriller Movie was released in 2004,directed by Rabi Kinagi, the movie featured Jeet, Swastika Mukherjee, Hara Pattanayak and Mihir Das.It was an unofficial remake of 1999 Bollywood critically and commercially successful movie 'Jaanwar' features Akshay Kumar, Karishma Kapoor and Shilpa Shetty.
Plot.
The film revolves around the life of Raju (Jeet), a poor boy whose mother dies of starvation. He is taken under the fold by the local smuggler Bhanupratap. He grows up to become an antisocial and an associate of the smuggler. However, he decides to sever ties with the underworld after he falls in love with Mamata. But his past becomes a barrier in his way as Mamata's father comes to know of their relationship. Ultimately Mamata is forced to marry Avinash, a CBI officer after her father suffers a heart attack. This transforms Raju into a ruthless criminal. Meanwhile Avinash, the husband of Mamata, comes into town. He disrupts and puts a stop to Bhanupratap's smuggling business and he sends Raju to kill him. But raju confronts Mamata who begs him to spare Avinash's life. Raju asks them to leave the city. The train Mamata was travelling in meets with an accident. They lose their child. Raju now turns off from the underworld (as he could not kill Avinash) and finds the child.
Critical reception.
The film was a critically and commercially failure and got mostly negative reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="20288100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288100" title="Edward DeLaney">
Edward DeLaney

Attorney Edward DeLaney is a Democratic member of the Indiana House of Representatives, representing the 86th District since 2009.
On November 2, 2010 Delaney won reelection by defeating Republican Kurt A. Webber by 53 to 47 percent.
Edward is running for reelection in 2012 and his son Tim is running for senator.

</doc>
<doc id="20288126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288126" title="Protopopov">
Protopopov

Protopopov is the surname of several Russian individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="20288128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288128" title="Bowden development">
Bowden development

The Bowden development is an urban development on a former site of the Clipsal corporation in the suburb of Bowden, within the City of Charles Sturt, in the Adelaide metropolitan area of South Australia. The site covers 102,478 square metres, or about 10 hectares, and is bounded by Park Terrace to the south, the Adelaide to Outer Harbour
railway line to the west, Drayton Street to the north and Sixth and Seventh Streets to the east.
History.
The Bowden site was occupied by Clipsal, a company manufacturing conduit and electrical accessories, in 1936. The opportunity for an urban development on the site grew out of the South Australian Government's plans for eleven transport-oriented developments in the Adelaide metropolitan area, combined with Clipsal's decision that the Bowden site is surplus to company requirements and plan to vacate. The site was originally offered for sale in early 2008 with offers to be received by July 2008. Offers in the realm of 75 to 80 million Australian dollars were expected however evidently not attained; as the 2008 economic crisis accelerated and falling property prices diminished the likelihood of a sale at expected prices, the South Australian government intervened and announced in October 2008 that it would purchase the site. It was revealed in November 2008 the government had agreed to pay A$52.5 million. The Clipsal Industries and Gerard Corporations will continue to lease and occupy the site until the end of 2009 at which time the purchaser will gain vacant possession of the site.
The future.
The South Australian Government anticipates that the site will be used to develop around 1500 residential apartments, retail outlets and commercial offices around a town centre. No specific site plans have yet been drafted. The SA Government is promoting the plan as an economically, socially and environmentally sustainable development which will be combined with upgrading the public transport infrastructure to the area, such as a new electrified rail and tram system. Bowden is presently served by Bowden railway station which is a lower frequency station.
Following demolition, site cleanup, surveying, planning and approval, individual sites have commenced remediation and planning, and development is expected to be completed by 2020 to 2025. The development is expected to increase the population of Bowden, which was 648 in the 2006 census, by 3,500.
In April 2011, the plans for the development were approved and an information and sales centre opened in March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20288160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288160" title="San Jerónimo de Millapoa">
San Jerónimo de Millapoa

San Jerónimo de Millapoa was a fort founded by Alonso de Sotomayor in 1585. It dominated the small valleys of the eastern slopes of the Nahuelbuta Range of Catirai, in the upper part of the Culenco River, in the mountainous area 25 kilometers south of the modern commune of Santa Juana. The fort had a small garrison for the defense of that region that left it in the general rising of the Mapuche in 1599. It was repopulated in 1607 under Governor Alonso Garcia Ramon, but it did not last for much longer, always harassed by the Mapuche it was demolished by the Spaniards as part of the peace with Catirai worked out at the May 1612 Parliament of Catirai. 
Source

</doc>
<doc id="20288163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288163" title="Mikel Balenziaga">
Mikel Balenziaga

Mikel Balenziaga Oruesagasti (born 29 February 1988) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao as a left defender.
Club career.
Born in Zumarraga, Gipuzkoa, Balenziaga started his football grooming at Real Sociedad, playing two full seasons with its B-team in the third division. However, in the 2008–09 campaign, he switched to neighbours Athletic Bilbao.
Initially thought of as a member of the reserve side, Balenziaga quickly beat competition from veterans Koikili and Javier Casas to become the undisputed first-choice for the vast majority of the season, making his first-team debut on 14 September 2008 in a 0–0 away draw against Málaga CF – another club graduate, Ander Iturraspe, also made his first La Liga appearance in that game.
In July 2009 Athletic bought Xabier Castillo from neighbours Real Sociedad, and Balenziaga, seeing his chances for the upcoming season dim, accepted a loan move to CD Numancia, freshly relegated from the top division. He transferred to Real Valladolid in the 2011 summer, after an unassuming campaign in which he made only one official appearance for the "Lions".
After two solid years as first-choice in Castile and León, Balenziaga returned to Athletic for the 2013–14 season to challenge for a first-team spot under new manager Ernesto Valverde.

</doc>
<doc id="20288198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288198" title="Robert W. Bower">
Robert W. Bower

Dr. Robert W. Bower (June 12, 1936) was born in Santa Monica, CA and is an applied physicist. Immediately after receiving his Ph.D. from The California Institute of Technology in 1973, he worked for over 25 years in many different professions: Engineer, Scientist, Department Head at University of California, Davis, and as president and CEO of Device Concept Inc. He also served as the President of Integrated Vertical Modules, which focused on three-dimensional, high-density structures. His most notable contribution, however, is his field-effect device with insulated gates—also known as a self-aligned-gate MOSFET (metal–oxide–semiconductor field-effect transistor), or SAGFET. Bower patented this design in 1969 while working at the Hughes Research Laboratories in Malibu, California. He has also published over 80 journals and articles, patented over 28 inventions, and authored chapters in 3 different books.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Robert W. Bower was born in Santa Monica, California in 1936. He remained in California throughout his life, except for 1954 – 1958 when he enlisted in the Air Force. After his service with the Air Force, he enrolled in UC Berkeley and in 1962 earned his A.B. in Physics while working at the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory. One year later, he earned his M.S. in Electrical Engineering from Caltech. In 1965, he worked in Malibu, California with Hughes Research Laboratories, which specializes in aerospace and defense operations. He later returned to Caltech and received his Ph.D. in Applied Physics in 1973. Currently, Dr. Bower is Professor Emeritus at the University of California, Davis, where he has been teaching for over 14 years.
Primary accomplishments.
At the Hughes Research Laboratories in the late 1960s, Bower strove to find the ideal element to integrate in all circuits. In 1920, Lilienfeld conceived of the basic design for this idea but had no platform to build or test his device. In the late 1950s, McCaldin and Hornoi devised of the silicon planar process and Kilby and Noyce established an Integrate circuit that could serve as a basic platform for Lilienfeld’s design. In 1963, Steven Hofstein and Frederic Heiman compiled the ideas from all previous scientists and were able to describe the fundamental nature of the MOSFET on a silicon planar process platform; however, they lacked one key asset that would power the MOSFET. In 1965, Bower conceived of the self-aligned-gate ion-implanted MOSFET which was the key to advances in integrated circuits.
Self-aligned-gate ion-implanted MOSFET.
The MOSFET (metal–oxide–semiconductor field-effect transistor) is a device that amplifies or switches electronic signals. However, without the self-aligned gate, the MOSFET lacked a proper source to improve the accuracy of the entire fabrication process. Dr. Bower therefore established a small self-aligned gate designed to arrange a highly doped gate as a mask of the source and drain around it. His patent (U.S. 3,472,712) was filed on October 27, 1966 and issued to him on October 14, 1969.
Patent controversy.
Bower’s invention underwent much controversy when Kerwin, Klein, and Sarace argued that they were the actual inventors of the self-aligned gate transistors. In 1966, Bower and Dill presented the first publication the self-aligned gate transistor at the International Electron Device Meeting in Washington D.C.. That IEDM publication described the self-aligned gate transistor fabricated with both metal and polysilicon as the gate material and using both ion implantation and diffusion to form the source and drains. This was presentation 16.6 of this IEDM meeting. To Bower and to the attorneys who litigated the Bower U.S. 3,472,712 patent it was determined in the courts that his patent covered the general principal of using a gate as mask for both metal and polysilicon gates using ion implantation to establish the source and drain regions. Bower does not acknowledge the statement "Although Bower believed he was first in using aluminum as the gate and later developed the device using polysilicon as the gate, he was unable to prove it to the courts and the patent was awarded to Kerwin, Klein, and Sarace (U.S. 3,475,234)" is true. Actually is was the Hans G. Dill patent U.S. 3,544,3999, filed on October 26, 1966 that described the formation of the polysilicon gate self-aligned gate FET using diffusion of the source and drain that was disputed by the Kerwin et al. patent, not the Bower patent. It was also determined in a number of court cases that the vast majority of self-aligned gate FETs were made using ion implantation rather than diffusion to introduce the dopants into the source-drain regions. Bower conferred with the attorneys who litigated these cases and they confirmed that the statement "The US patent system grants the patent to the first developer of the invention, not the first one to be issued a patent." is not a valid statement of patent law.
Other works.
Aside from his large contributions in the advancement of MOSFET, Robert W. Bower has published over 80 journals and articles, patented over 28 inventions, and authored chapters in 3 different books. He has recently been working with Integrate Vertical Modules to focus on three-dimensional, high density solid structures.
Awards and recognition.
Robert W. Bower was recognized with many awards. Most notably was his induction into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in 1997 for his invention of the self-aligned gate ion implanted MOSFET. In 1999, he was elected as a member of the National Academy of Engineering, one of the highest professional distinctions granted to an engineer. Other awards granted include the Distinguished Senior Fellow Award, Alexander von Humbold Research Award, Ronald H. Brown American Innovator Awards, and Distinguished Alumni Award. These awards were granted for his contributions as an alumnus and his accomplishments as an inventor.

</doc>
<doc id="20288202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288202" title="List of Testees episodes">
List of Testees episodes

This is an episode list for the FX sitcom "Testees". The show aired for one season from October 9, 2008 to December 18, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20288279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288279" title="Binkelj">
Binkelj

Binkelj (; ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. Urban expansion has made it an actual continuous part of the town of Škofja Loka.
Name.
Binkelj was attested in written sources in 1300 as "in dem Winchel" (and as "ze Alten Lak zu Winkhel" in 1392, "am Puhel" before 1492, and "im Winkhel" in 1500). The name is derived from Middle High German "winkel" 'corner, secluded area, hiding place'. In the 19th century the German name was "Winkel".

</doc>
<doc id="20288307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288307" title="Zaini Ujang">
Zaini Ujang

Prof. Zaini Ujang is a professional environmental engineer cum scientist who integrates studies on water ecology with engineering systems towards pollution control and sustainability, especially with reference to river rehabilitation in developing countries. His interest in the field leads him to collaborate with leading scholars worldwide, particularly in membrane bioreactor, granulation process and biofouling control. He is currently serving as Secretary-General (II), Ministry of Education Malaysia. 
Prior to the appointment, he was leading the oldest technical university in Malaysia and South East Asia, and the biggest graduate-focused university in Malaysia, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia from October 2008 – May 2013. He also sits on various boards, such as the Chemical Companies of Malaysia (CCM), Institute of Sultan Iskandar for Urban Habitat and High Rise Buildings, private universities Multimedia Technology Enhancement Operations Sdn Bhd (METEOR) and Chair of Proton Technology Advisory Council, a leading car manufacturer in South East Asia. For his remarkable contribution to the nation, he became the first recipient of the prestigious Malaysia Merdeka Award 2009 for the category of Outstanding Scholastic Achievement. He has been conferred the Panglima Jasa Negara (PJN) award by His Majesty Yang Di-Pertuan Agong in conjunction with the Birthday of the Yang Di-Pertuan Agong in 2012. He is the “Tokoh Maal Hijrah 1433H” of Negeri Sembilan 2011. Zaini obtained his B.Eng. (Chem. Eng.) from UTM, and MSc and PhD in environmental engineering from University of Newcastle, UK. He is also an alumnus of the Harvard Business School (AMP 177), a Fellow of the Academy of Science Malaysia, Senior Advisor to the Prince Khalid bin Sultan Chair on Water Research, King Saud University, Chairman of the Environmental Quality Council, Malaysia and Fellow of the Institute of Chemical Engineers, UK. He has registered more than 20 intellectual property rights, published more than 250 technical papers and 27 books.
Career.
Prior to his appointment as UTM Vice-Chancellor since October 2008, he served as Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Research and Innovation) of the university. He was the Dean, UTM Faculty of Chemical and Natural Resources Engineering from July 2006 to March 2007. His outstanding professional and leadership skills were also demonstrated during his tenure as the Director, Institute of Environmental & Water Resource Management (IPASA), UTM from 2001 to 2006. He has extensive experience in formulating and implementing strategies towards positioning UTM as Malaysia’s premier university in engineering and technology, an Entrepreneurial Research University and winning national award for Intellectual Property Awards for 2007, 2009 and 2010. He drives various initiatives to position UTM as an academic research and innovation hub such as the formation of Research Alliances, KPI-based management and establishment of university-industry partnership through Iskandar Malaysia Research Centre (IMREC) and Iskandar Malaysia Academic Partnership (IMAP). He also headed the ICT committee of Malaysian Higher Education Institutions 2007-9. His management style is widely appreciated, especially for his participatory commitment and team building approach and his role as a strategic planner, team player and academic mentor. His significant role in transforming UTM into a research and graduate-focused university is proven with UTM currently having the highest number of postgraduate students in the region involved in cutting-edge research and impactful as well as value-driven innovation in science, technology and engineering.
Prof. Zaini is also instrumental in establishing the UTM Endowment Fund and outsourcing research and innovation funds, from both local and international agencies. Besides the Malaysian Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation (MOSTI), he has strong research affiliations with the Netherlands Tropical Research Foundation (WOTRO), the European Commission, the Swedish International Development Corporation Agency (SIDA), the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS), the Rockefeller Foundation and leading universities in the United Kingdom, Denmark, Sweden, the Netherlands, Italy, Japan, Australia, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Indonesia, South Korea, Switzerland and the United States.
He has registered more than 20 intellectual property rights jointly owned with his co-workers and former students, and has commercialised six research products including (a) StormWater Filter (b) Software for Wastewater Treatment Plant Design Advisor (WASDA), (c) Hybrid Membrane Bioreactor (d) River Bank Infiltration System (e) Software on Environmental Health Risk Assessment (RISKAS) and (f) Software on Integrated Solid Waste Management Plan (ISWAM). He is in the process to commercialise a software on the Cost Estimation of Water and Wastewater Facilities (COWAS) and Aerobic Granule Production for Activated Sludge Processes.
Publications.
He has published more than 250 technical papers (more than 50 published in indexed international journals), 30 books, and several book chapters, many research monographs and technical reports on environmental engineering, and more than 1000 articles on environment, innovation and higher education. Despite his busy schedule as the UTM Vice-Chancellor, he regards publication as a priority and still publishes technical journal papers in ISI-indexed journals such as Bioresource Technology, Water Science Technology and Desalination. He co-authored the best-seller textbook with Prof. Mogens Henze on Municipal Wastewater Management for Developing Countries (IWAP, London, 2006), and co-edited a WEMS series on Environmental Biotechnology. He was appointed Member of the Editorial Board, Water Science & Technology (impact factor 1.24 in 2007, Publisher: IWA Publishing, London), WST Water Supply, Water and Environmental Management Series (IWA Publishing) and Membrane Water Treatment (Korea, Techno-Press).
Advisory services.
He has been involved in many high profile projects as a Technical Consultant and Corporate Advisor, such as Malaysia’s environmental performance index (EPI) and megascience in water sector, since 2009; arbitration case with Singapore on the reclamation of the Johor Straits, water pricing with Singapore and provide technical assistance to developing countries. He was the Principal Consultant for the Master Plan Development of River Rehabilitation in the city of Johor Bahru, formulation of the National Master Plan for the implementation of Cleaner Production (CP) practices, Master Plan for Lake Eutrophication Management in Malaysia, and contributed to the development of scientific laboratories and pilot plants of Environmental Bioengineering and Biotechnology, including Membrane Bioreactors, Constructed Wetlands and Sequencing Batch Reactors. He is also instrumental in establishing university-industry partnership particularly with Proton Holdings, CCM Berhad and IWK. In 2005, he was appointed Chairman of the Technical Committee to advise the State Government of Negeri Sembilan to overcome the water crisis in Seremban. Since 2000, he was appointed the Principal Consultant for the implementation of various environmental initiatives on water supply, sewerage, river rehabilitation and industrial ecology. He has also been appointed as consultant to water-related issues with Taibah University, Saudi Arabia. He was appointed head of a research-consulting team to study ground water in the holy city of Madinah, Saudi Arabia since 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20288309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288309" title="Arthur Sendas">
Arthur Sendas

Arthur Antônio Sendas (1935 São João de Meriti - October 20, 2008 Rio de Janeiro) was a Brazilian businessman and business magnate, who founded one of Brazil's largest supermarket chains, Sendas supermaket. 
Sendas began building and growing his first grocery store when he was just 17 years old. Eventually Sentas grew to become one of Brazil's largest chains. Sendas supermarkets were sold to rival company, Grupo Pão de Açúcar, in 2003. The supermakets continue to be operated under the Sendas name.
On October 20, 2008, Sendas was shot as he opened the door of his Leblon, Rio de Janeiro, apartment. He died of his injuries at a Rio de Janerio hospital hours later at the age of 72. Sentas' 28 year old driver, Roberto Costa Jr., who was seen arguing with Sendas shortly before the shooting, later confessed to the murder. Police detective Bianca Araujo said that Costa feared losing his job after Sendas' grandson João Arthur Sendas decided to move to the United States. 
After his death, his first-born son Arthur Sendas Filho, took over as the CEO.
His son João Antônio Sendas committed suicide in 2003.
Sendas was a support of Vasco da Gama.
The Governor of Rio de Janeiro state, Sergio Cabral, declared three days of mourning following Sendas' death.

</doc>
<doc id="20288379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288379" title="302 (disambiguation)">
302 (disambiguation)

302 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20288391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288391" title="Requiem for Julius">
Requiem for Julius

Requiem for Julius is the seventeenth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and their fifth on the Justin Time label. The album features performances by Hamiet Bluiett, John Purcell, Oliver Lake and David Murray and is dedicated to the band's founding member Julius Hemphill.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos awarded the album 4 stars stating "A long-overdue official farewell for Hemphill, Requiem for Julius not only harkens back to the sound of WSQ's initial recordings, but indicates that they have plenty of original music left in the tank.".

</doc>
<doc id="20288395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288395" title="Better Living TV Theater">
Better Living TV Theater

Better Living TV Theater was an early American television program originally broadcast on ABC and later on the now defunct DuMont Television Network. The documentary series, featuring moderator Fischer Black, ran from 1953 to 1954. The ABC version was a summer replacement series which aired on Sunday afternoons. The final ABC broadcast occurred on August 16, 1953. 
On April 21, 1954, the DuMont Network began to air the series in prime time. "Better Living TV Theater" aired on Wednesday nights at 10:30 pm EST, until June, when the program was moved to Sunday nights. The final broadcast was on August 29, 1954.
Episode status.
One episode of this series survives at the Paley Center for Media.

</doc>
<doc id="20288412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288412" title="Miguel Syjuco">
Miguel Syjuco

Miguel Syjuco (b. November 17, 1976) is a Filipino writer from Manila and the grand prize winner of the 2008 Man Asian Literary Prize for his first novel "Ilustrado".
Personal Life and Education.
Born Miguel Augusto Gabriel J. Syjuco, he is the son of Representative Augusto Syjuco Jr. of the second district of Iloilo in the Philippine House of Representatives, and Judy Jalbuena.
Syjuco graduated from high school in 1993 from the Cebu International School. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in English Literature from the Ateneo de Manila University in 2000 and completed his MFA from Columbia University in 2004. He has since been based primarily in Montreal, Quebec.
In early 2011 he completed a PhD in literature from the University of Adelaide.
Early in his career, he was a fellow of the 1998 Silliman National Writers Workshop in Dumaguete, Negros Oriental.
Writing career.
His novel, "Ilustrado", won the Grand Prize for the Novel in English at the 2008 Palanca Awards. In November of the same year, he won the Man Asian Literary Prize also for "Ilustrado".
In 2010, the novel won the QWF Paragraphe Hugh MacLennan Prize for Fiction, Quebec's top literary prize, and was a New York Times Notable Book of 2010 as well as a "Globe and Mail" Top 100 of 2010. The novel was also a finalist for the Commonwealth Writers' Prize, a finalist for the Amazon First Novel Award, and a finalist for the 2010 Grand Prix du Livre de Montreal. In late 2010, Ilustrado was published in translation in Spanish (Tusquets), Swedish (Natur och Kultur), and Dutch (Mouria).
In 2011, "Ilustrado" joined books by David Mitchell, Aleksandar Hemon, Marie NBiaye, and Wells Tower for the Premio von Rezzori. It was also among the three top finalists for the $55,000 Prix Jan Michalski, an annual Swiss prize for the best international book, as well as the Prix Courrier International, which honors the best international books translated in France.
In 2011, it was published in translation in Serbian (Geopoetika), French (Editions Christian Bourgois), Catalan (Tusquets), Italian (Fazi), Japanese (Hakusuisha), Czech (Jota), German (Klett-Cotta), and Brazilian Portuguese (Compahnia das Letras). 
Syjuco is represented by Peter Straus at the Rogers, Coleridge and White Literary Agency in London, and by Melanie Jackson in New York City. He has already sold a second book to North American publishers.

</doc>
<doc id="20288417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288417" title="Atsushi Kitagawara">
Atsushi Kitagawara

Biography.
Atsushi Kitagawara was born in Nagano Prefecture, Japan. While studying for a BA in architecture at Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music he won first prize in the "Japan Architect" International Design Competition. He graduated in 1974 and proceeded to a Masters degree at the same institution, participating in an urban design project while attending graduate school. He began working as an architect in 1975, and in 1982 founded his own firm Atsushi Kitagawara Architects, Inc. He was in 2005 appointed Professor at the Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music.
Since beginning work in his twenties Kitagawara has undertaken architectural projects, urban planning, landscape design, furniture and stage design (including "One of a Kind" for Jiri Kylian, choreographer and artistic director of the Netherlands Dance Theatre). His concepts and methods draw on fields including poetry, music and contemporary arts. He has won a number of awards, including the Architectural Institute of Japan Award in 2002, the first prize in the Innovative Architecture International Award (Italy) in 2006, the Grand-Prix in the Kenneth Brown Architecture Design Award in 2007, the Murano Togo Prize, the AIA Japan Professional Honor Award in 2008, Top Prize of JIA Grand Prix in 2009, and the Japan Art Academy Prize in 2010.
As of 2008 he works extensively outside Japan, including from his atelier in Europe. He also teaches at the Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music and practices along with associates at Atsushi Kitagawara Architects.
He is a protagonist of an artistically shaped and expressionistic architectural style, which celebrates the experience of space, without losing sight of the functional requirements. Through numerous award-winning projects, such as the Nakamura Keith Haring Museum, he is constantly exploring new means of construction, composition and usage of materials. He thereby creates complex spatial structures and façades, which challenge the conventional viewing patterns of the user, whilst never diminishing the human criteria.
Awards.
First Prize of "The Japan Architect" International Design Competition, Yoshioka Award /1973
Newcomer Prize, Japan Institute of Architects /1991(Metroça)
Tokyo Architectural Award /1994 (Higashi Nihonbashi Police Box)
Gold Medal, Good Design Award /1995（ARIA）
Japan Society for Finishing Technology Award /1997（ARIA）
Premium Award, Architectural Institute of Japan /1997（ARIA）
Kumamoto Landscape Award /1999（Uki Shiranuhi Library and Art Museum）
Japan Federation of Architects and Building Engineers Associations Award /2000(Ueda Municipal County Culture House)
Bessie Award (New York Dance and Performance Award) /2000
Architectural Institute of Japan Award /2000(Big Palette Fukushima)
Library Architecture Award of J.L.A. (Japan Library Association) /2001（Uki Shiranuhi Library and Art Museum）
Premium Award, Architectural Institute of Japan /2002（Uki Shiranuhi Library and Art Museum）
Canada Green Design Award /2002(Gifu Academy of Forest Science and Culture)
Building Contractors Society Award /2002 (Gifu Academy of Forest Science and Culture)
Architectural Institute of Japan Award /2002 (Gifu Academy of Forest Science and Culture)
Eco-Build Award /2002(Gifu Academy of Forest Science and Culture)
Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Award / 2003 (Kino-kuni Site Sight Information Pavilion)
Gold Medal, Arcasia Award /2003(Gifu Academy of Forest Science and Culture)
First Prize, Innovative Architecture International Award, Italy /2006 (Kaisho Forest View tube) (Kino-kuni Site Sight Information Pavilion)（Hida Beef Cattle Memorial Museum）
Special Prize, Public Architectural Award /2006（Gifu Academy of Forest Science and Culture）
Grand-Prix, Kenneth Brown Architecture Design Award / 2007（Gifu Academy of Forest Science and Culture）
Architectural Culture Award of Yamanashi-pref / 2007(Nakamura Keith Haring Collection Art Museum)
Togo Murano Award / 2008 (Nakamura Keith Haring Collection Art Museum)
AIA Japan Professional Honor Award / 2008 (Nakamura Keith Haring Collection Art Museum)
Toshima Streetscape Award Grand Prix / 2009 (Toshima Gakuin High School)
Top Prize of JIA Grand Prix / 2009 (Nakamura Keith Haring Collection Art Museum)
The Japan Art Academy Prize / 2010 (Nakamura Keith Haring Collection Art Museum)
Architectural Institute of Japan Award /2011（Inariyama Special Education School) 
Building Contractors Society Award /2011（Inariyama Special Education School) 
Works.
1985 Kaita MURAYAMA Memorial Art Museum
1985 “Rise” Cinema Theater
1986 Miaon-Kaku
1986 395
1988 Mesa
1988 Cloudy Spoon
1989 Metrotour / Awajicho Building
1989 Metroça
1989 Vasara
1990 Saint-Loco
1991 Metrotristan
1992 Higashi Nihonbashi Police Box
1992 “Fog Forest” Showa Emperor’s National Memorial Park
1993 Chuken, tea ceremony space
1994 Annex of Ikegami Industry Inc.
1994 Iwaki New Town Center
1997 Santaria Church
1997 Ueda Municipal County Culture House
1997 Sendenkaigi Headquarters
1998 Big Palette Fukushima
1998・1999・2000 One of a kind（NDT- performed worldwide/ Opera Garunie in Paris, NY Lincoln Center）
1998 Tsuyama Region Center
1998 Hakone Public Rest House of Minato-ku
1999 Toshima Gakuin High School, phase1
1999 Uki Shiranui Library and Art Museum
2001 Kino-Kuni Site Sight Information Pavilion
2001 Gifu Academy of Forest Science and Culture
2002 Daigaku-Megane Laboratory Corp. Building
2002 ARS GAllery
2002 Hida Beef Cattle Memorial Museum
2002 Japan P.E.N. Club Headquarters
2003 Toshima Gakuin High School, phase2
2003 Sasebo Shinminato Liner Terminal
2003 Imperial Palace Outer Garden Rest House
2004 Showa Tetsudo High School
2004 ARIA
2004 Villa Esterio
2005 Kaisho Forest View tube
2005 C’BON Headquarters
2006 Midori Headquarters
2007 Inariyama Special Education School
2007 Nakamura Keith Haring Collection Art Museum
2007 Akasaka Phoenix
2008 One of a kind（Opéra National de Lyon）
2009 ARCA
2009 Sendenkaigi Nishiwaseda building
2010 CANITTE
Books.
Modern Architecture / Space and method 7 - Atsushi Kitagawara, Doho-sha, 1986
Atsushi Kitagawara, JA vol.8: The Japan Architect, Shinkennchiku-sha, 1992
Atsushi Kitagawara and Koichi Inakoshi Archigraph 2: photographic monologue, TOTO Publications, 1993

</doc>
<doc id="20288442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288442" title="Pregnancy rate">
Pregnancy rate

Pregnancy rate is the success rate for getting pregnant. It is the percentage of all attempts that leads to pregnancy, with attempts generally referring to menstrual cycles where insemination or any artificial equivalent is used, which may be simple artificial insemination (AI) or AI with additional in vitro fertilization.
Definitions.
There is no universally accepted definition of the term. Thus in IVF pregnancy rates may be based on initiated treatment cycles, cycles that underwent oocyte retrieval, or cycles where an embryo transfer was performed. In terms of outcome, "pregnancy" may refer to a positive pregnancy test, evidence of a pregnancy with a "viable" fetus or implantation. Furthermore, pregnancy rates can be influenced in IVF by transferring multiple embryos that may result in multiple births. A strict definition in the IVF setting would refer to the singleton pregnancy rate that determines how many live singletons are born in relation to initiated IVF cycles.
Related end-points.
In some cases, success rates include delivery or presence of a live baby (preferably specified as "delivery rate" or "live birth rate" respectively). 
Implantation rate.
Implantation rate is the percentage of embryos which are implanted compared to the number of embryos transferred in a given period. It represents the capacity of each embryo transferred during this period to implant in the uterus and to result in pregnancy.
Live birth rate.
Live birth rate is the percentage of all cycles that lead to live birth, and is the pregnancy rate adjusted for miscarriages and stillbirths.
For instance, in 2007, Canadian clinics reported a live birth rate of 27% with in vitro fertilisation. 
Fertilization rate.
In IVF or its derivatives, "fertilization rate" may be used to measure how many oocytes become fertilized by sperm cells. A fertilization rate of zero in one cycle, where no oocytes become fertilized, is termed a "total fertilization failure". Repeated ICSI treatment may be useful or necessary in couples with total fertilization failure.
Pregnancy rate for AI.
Generally, pregnancy rate for AI it is 10 to 15% per menstrual cycle using ICI, and and 15-20% per cycle for IUI.
Pregnancy rate for IVF.
With enhanced technology, the pregnancy rates are substantially higher today than a couple of years ago. In 2006, Canadian clinics reported an average pregnancy rate of 35%. 

</doc>
<doc id="20288451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288451" title="Bandhan (2004 film)">
Bandhan (2004 film)

Bandhan () is a Bengali family Drama movie released in 2004. It was directed by Rabi Kinagi, and featured Jeet, Koyel Mullick in double role, and Victor Banerjee in the lead role. "Bandhan" was a huge success in Bengal and was a Blockbuster at the Box office. It was also the highest grossing Bengali film of 2004. The film was a remake of Tamil film "Unnai Thedi".
Plot.
The story is one of the pivotal characters, Mina narrating the story so far and introducing the family members to the audience. Mina is no more. Her husband Rohit and son Rony live in Singapore, but they have no contact with Mina's family because Mina had married against her family's will. Presently, Chumki, Mina's cousin is to get married. Her mother Sabitri Devi and most of her family wants Rohit to be a part of the wedding but her father is against it. However Sabitri Devi is stubborn and ultimately succeeds in being able to invite Rohit for the wedding. Rohit is welcomed by the entire family except Pratap Narayan and his son. Rohit is constantly humiliated by the two of them but he doesn't lose hope and does not get hostile. He also explains to Rony as to why he is unwanted in the family. Meanwhile, Mina's twin sister, Rina comes home. Rony looks up to her as his mother while Rohit and she get closer. Rohit and Rony are slowly accepted by Pratap Narayan but things complicate again when Rina's marriage is fixed elsewhere. Rina insists on marrying Rohit but he does not want to face the family rejection again. In the meantime, a letter written by Rina and addressed to Rohit falls into Pratap Narayan's hands and he drives Rohit out of his house again. Things finally are settled and Pratap Narayan goes to the station to get Rohit back.
Critical reception.
"Bandhan" earned mainly positive reviews from all the critics.

</doc>
<doc id="20288459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288459" title="William Lewis (tenor)">
William Lewis (tenor)

William L. Lewis (born November 23, 1931, Tulsa, Oklahoma) is an American operatic tenor and academic.
Biography.
William Lewis was educated at the University of Colorado, Texas Christian University and New York University. He began his career as a writer and an athlete before deciding to pursue a career in opera. He began his voice training under Karl Kritz and Arthur Faguy Coté in Fort Worth, followed by studies with Susan Seton and Hulda and Luigi Rossini in New York. He made his professional opera debut in 1953 with Fort Worth Opera as Rinuccio in Puccini's "Gianni Schicchi". Two years later he won the Metropolitan Opera's "Audition of the Air" competition (pre-cursor to the National Council Auditions). Lewis made his debut at the Metropolitan Opera as Narraboth in "Salome" on March 1, 1958 and subsequently sang in 234 performances in his 35 years with the company. In 1975 he made his debut at San Francisco Opera as Steuermann and Erik in "The Flying Dutchman" and has sung in sixteen different productions with the company in subsequent seasons. In 1981 he made his debut at the Salzburg Festival in the title role of Offenbach's "The Tales of Hoffmann", returning there for the following four years in such roles as Arbace in "Idomeneo" and the First Geharnischter in "The Magic Flute". In 1990 he made his debut at the Teatro Lirico in the world premiere of Azio Corghi's "Blimunda".
Although he sang a wide operatic repertory ranging from Mozart to Wagner, Lewis often sang in 20th century works. At the Met he was Andres and Drum Major in Wozzeck (1959, 1974) Aegisth in "Elektra" (1970), Steva in "Jenůfa" (1974), Alwa in "Lulu" (1977), Oedipus in "Oedipus Rex" (1983), and Red Whiskers in "Billy Budd" (1989). At San Francisco Opera he was Steva in "Jenůfa", Albert Gregor in "The Makropulos Affair", Boris in "Katya Kabanova", Frank Sargeant in "Angle of Repose", and Sergei in "Lady Macbeth of Mtsensk". He also sang Pollux in Richard Stauss' rarely performed 1940 opera "Die Liebe der Danae" in a concert performance at Lincoln Center in January 2000. Amongst the roles he has created are Bill in Samuel Barber's "A Hand of Bridge" (Spoleto, June 7, 1959), Riccardo III in Flavio Testi's "Riccardo III" (La Scala, January 27, 1987), and Frank Sargeant in Andrew Imbrie's "Angle of Repose" (San Francisco Opera, November 6, 1976). William Lewis wrote the libretto for Earl Wild's Easter oratorio "Revelations" as well as singing the role of St. John in its world premiere, conducted by the composer. Broadcast on ABC on April 22, 1962, "Revelations" was the first oratorio commissioned by a television company.
Lewis holds the Frank C. Erwin, Jr. Centennial Professorship in Opera at the University of Texas, Austin where he is also the director of the Studio Ensemble of the Butler Opera Center. He also teaches at the Austrian-American Mozart Academy in Salzburg, which he founded in 1995, and at the Franco-American Vocal Academy in Périgord, France.
Lewis can be seen on DVD in the Metropolitan's 1984 production of Zandonai's "Francesca da Rimini", opposite Renata Scotto, Plácido Domingo, and Cornell MacNeil.

</doc>
<doc id="20288514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288514" title="Steppenwolf (World Saxophone Quartet album)">
Steppenwolf (World Saxophone Quartet album)

Steppenwolf is the eighteenth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and their sixth on the Justin Time label. The album features a live performance by Hamiet Bluiett, John Purcell, Oliver Lake and David Murray and was recorded at the Steppenwolf Theatre in Chicago on March 1, 1999.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by David R. Adler awarded the album 4 stars stating "Bluiett's "Hattie Wall," the WSQ theme song, concludes the program with boogying showmanship. Recommended.".

</doc>
<doc id="20288526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288526" title="Bodovlje">
Bodovlje

Bodovlje (; or "Wodoule") is a village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Geography.
Bodovlje is a clustered village that lies on the right bank of the Poljane Sora River, along both sides of Bodovlje Creek (). Most of the settlement is on the floodplain along the river, but some houses also stand in the narrow valley along the creek. The creek valley is bounded by Dešna Hill (505 m) to the east and Saint Peter's Hill (, 674 m) to the southwest. There are fields and meadows in the flat area along the river, and the creek valley and hillsides are forested.
Name.
Bodovlje was attested in written records in 1291 and 1318 as "Vondeul" (and as "Vodobli" in 1500). The name is presumably derived from the plural demonym "*Bǫdovľane", created from a place name such as "*Bǫdovľe (selo)" (literally, 'Bǫdъ's village'), based on the personal name "*Bǫdь" or "*Bǫdъ". An alternate, but less likely, theory is that the name is derived from "*ǫdolьje" 'valleys' via prothesis and the phonological development "v" > "b", known as "betacizem" in Slovene (i.e., "*ǫd-" > "*vǫd-" > "*bǫd-"). In the past, the settlement was known as "Wodovlje" or "Wodoule" in German.
Mass grave.
Bodovlje is the site of a mass grave from the period immediately after the Second World War. The Bodovlje Mass Grave () is located on a steep forest slope 200 m southeast of the village. It contains the remains of 22 to 24 Home Guard prisoners of war that were taken from the prison at Loka Castle on the night of 29 May 1945, murdered, and buried in a former Partisan bunker.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Peter. It dates to the early 16th century, although the nave was vaulted in the Baroque style at a later date. The nave contains remains of frescos from the early 16th century. The sanctuary is also decorated with saints in the lower borders, apostles at window height, and evangelists and angels higher up, all by the painter Jernej of Loka dating to between 1525 and 1540. The church altars date to the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20288535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288535" title="Bandhan">
Bandhan

Bandhan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20288550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288550" title="Shailesh Rao">
Shailesh Rao

Shailesh Rao is the Vice President International Operation of Twitter. Prior to this he was the Managing Director of Google India, at Gurgaon, near Delhi. Prior to this, he was a Director of local search for Google at its Mountain View headquarters and Vice-President of Products at Yodlee before that. He was born to Nagaraj and Rama on 25 November 1970 in Toronto, Canada. Shailesh has a BA from the University of Pennsylvania with Honors, a BS from the Wharton School with a concentration in finance, and an MBA from The Kellogg School of Management in 1999 and eventually joined Google in 2005. Prior to enrolling at Wharton, he worked for a firm named Strategic Planning Associates for four years.

</doc>
<doc id="20288555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288555" title="Bhujpur Thana">
Bhujpur Thana

Bhujpur Thana () is a newly established Thana in Chittagong District.
This Thana is inaugurated by Inspector General of Bangladesh Police Mr. Noor Mohammad on 21 July'2007
Geography.
Bhujpur Thana is located at 22.6833, 91.8042 and total area 486.9 km².
Administrative.
Kazir Hat is the administrative center of Bhujpur Thana.Bhujpur has 6 Union. Unions are: Baganbazar, Bhujpur, Dantmara, Harualchari, Narayanhat, Suabil
References.
lcgbangladesh
dip.gov

</doc>
<doc id="20288566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288566" title="Breznica pod Lubnikom">
Breznica pod Lubnikom

Breznica pod Lubnikom () is a village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Breznica" to "Breznica pod Lubnikom" in 1953. The name is derived from the common noun "breza" 'birch'. Like similar toponyms in Slovenia (e.g., "Brezova, Brezovec, Brezovci"), it originally referred to the local vegetation.
History.
Ancient settlement in the area is attested by the discovery of Neolithic artifacts above the village in Lubnik Cave (, also known as Kevdrc Cave) on the south slope of Mount Lubnik (1025 m). During the Second World War, the Partisans Peter Kavčič (a.k.a. Jegorov; 1908–1944) and Danila Kumar (a.k.a. Andreja; 1921–1944), later named a People's Hero of Yugoslavia, were killed in fighting here. They are commemorated by a monument.
Unmarked grave.
Breznica pod Lubnikom is the site of an unmarked grave from the Second World War. The Breznica Grave () is located on a steep slope 10 m below the road northwest of the village. It contains the remains of the civilian Gabrijela Lukanc, whom the Partisans abducted from her home in Puštal in the fall of 1944 and murdered after several days.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Breznica pod Lubnikom include:

</doc>
<doc id="20288569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288569" title="252nd Armor Regiment">
252nd Armor Regiment

The 252nd Armor Regiment is an armored regiment of the North Carolina Army National Guard and thus also of the United States Army.
History.
The 252nd Armor Regiment was originally constituted on 20 March 1959 as the 196th Armor for the North Carolina Army National Guard as a parent regiment under the Combat Arms Regimental System and assigned to the 30th Infantry Division. Twelve days later, on 1 April 1959, 3rd Battalion, 139th Infantry Regiment and the 130th Tank Battalion, both from the 30th Infantry Division, were re-flagged and reassigned to the regiment as the 1st Reconnaissance Squadron and the 2nd Medium Tank Battalion, respectively. On 10 March 1963, the regiment was reorganized as the 252nd Armor Regiment, consisting of 1st and 2nd Battalions as elements of the 30th Infantry Division (concurrently, the former 196th Armor Regiment was reconstituted and reorganized from existing units of the North Carolina Army National Guard as the 196th Cavalry Regiment, hereafter a separate lineage).
After the 30th Infantry Division was reorganized as the 30th Infantry Brigade, the regiment was reorganized as well. On 1 December 1973, 1st Battalion was reorganized as an element of the 30th Infantry Brigade, while 2nd Battalion was reorganized as a separate armor battalion of the North Carolina Army National Guard, where it was later deactivated. On 1 June 1989, the regiment was withdrawn from the Combat Arms Regimental System and reorganized under the United States Army Regimental System.
1st Battalion, 252nd Armor deployed with the rest of 30th Brigade for a year-long tour of duty to Iraq in February 2004.
1st Battalion, 252nd Armor deployed back to Baghdad, Iraq on 18 April 2009 in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom 9. This was their second deployment as a battalion, but their first deployment as a brigade in whole. Over 4,000 soldiers were deployed and stationed throughout Baghdad. C Company, 1/252 CAB ran over 600 Combat missions during a 10-month period making them the most used unit in the Combat Arms perspective for the 30th Brigade. 2nd Platoon of C Company was hit on two separate occasions with Improvised explosive devices approximately 1 week apart. 3rd Platoon, C Company was ambushed north of FOB Falcon in the Saydiyah district. Over 10 insurgents were captured with no injuries or casualties to 3rd Platoon.
1st Battalion.
After redeploying from Iraq in 2005, the 30th Infantry Brigade began the process of converting from an enhanced heavy separate brigade to the new heavy brigade combat team table of organization and equipment. As part of this reorganization, 1st Battalion was converted to a combined arms battalion. In the process, the battalion lost one of its three tank companies to 1st Battalion, 120th Infantry Regiment, but gained two infantry companies from the recently deactivated 119th Infantry Regiment as well as an engineer company. The battalion is set to deploy with the rest of the brigade in early 2009. 1st Battalion currently has companies in the following locations in North Carolina:
Distinctive unit insignia.
A gold color metal and enamel device in width consisting of a red embattled arrowhead charged with a gold fleur-de-lis flanked and surmounted on either side by a pierced green mullet. The device is supported by a tri-segmented gold scroll inscribed “READY” “POISED” “DECISIVE” in black letters. 
The pierced green mullets (simulating spur rowels) surmounting a gold fleur-de-lis represent service in Europe during World War II. The red embattled arrowhead simulates the spirit of the unit and is symbolic of the motto “Ready, Poised and Decisive.” The red and green together refer to the decorations of the French Croix-de-Guerre and the Belgian Fourragere awarded to elements of the Regiment. 
The distinctive unit insignia was approved on 16 November 1966. It was amended to change the symbolism on 29 January 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20288573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288573" title="Corn N' Oil">
Corn N' Oil

A Corn N' Oil is an alcoholic cocktail most noted for its use of the very dark and oil-like blackstrap rum. While the origins of its name are largely unknown, it is making a resurgence in modern cocktail culture.
Variations.
Variations of the Corn N' Oil include varying the ratios of rum to falernum as well as the addition of Angostura bitters.

</doc>
<doc id="20288581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288581" title="Nguyễn Công Trứ">
Nguyễn Công Trứ

Nguyễn Công Trứ (阮公著) also Hi Văn (Uy Viễn, Hà Tĩnh 1778–1858) was a Vietnamese poet and scholar.
He came up against a lot of obstacles in academic field in which he was really successful only when he reached the age of 42. Nguyễn Công Trứ held a respectable position in military as a General. Nguyễn Công Trứ was a poet contributing to Vietnamese declamation’s foundation, namely the poem “Bài ca ngất ngưỡng”
Nguyễn Công Trứ earned respect as a devoted Confucian scholar and elder statesman. While living in a corrupt feudal system, Nguyễn Công Trứ was known to be honest and straightforward. Nguyễn Công Trứ dedicated nearly all his life to his country and the welfare of its citizens. After his retirement, Nguyễn Công Trứ lived the rest of his life in his hometown and gave a hand with the restoration of pagodas and gave lectures in Buddhism’s belief.
He died 7 December 1858. At Nguyễn Công Trứ’s funeral came King Tự Đức as well as distinguished mourners.
Life.
Nguyễn Công Trứ was born into a poor family. But with diligence, Nguyễn Công Trứ graduated from high school in 1813 and came first in interprovincial Laureate contest in 1819. Then, Nguyễn Công Trứ led a varied life as a mandarin in Nguyễn Dynasty. He held the highest position as Hai An’s Minister and Minister of Defence in 1836 (Quảng Ngãi Province with Hai Duong is Hai An in the past). In 1845, Nguyễn Công Trứ was demoted as a border guard.
When he was an officer in charge of farms (a General takes on agriculture owing to being ordered by the King), Nguyễn Công Trứ broke fresh ground to bring farmers 45.990 acres of enriched rice fields. Kim Son and Tien Hai were the most enriched ones. To give credit for his distinguished civil services, the residents set up Nguyễn Công Trứ’s shrines. One is now in Tien Hai (founded in 1852) and the other is in Kim Son (founded in 1856). The king gave him valuables such as hundreds of ingots of silver, an agate sculpture of horse, a gong bearing a golden inscription “Lao năng khả tưởng” (the meaning: his credits and devotion to duty deserves rewarding).
Because Nguyễn Công Trứ was a righteous, honest and straightforward mandarin, many a dishonest official had an aversion to such individuality of his. Nguyễn Công Trứ was slandered 3 times, however, luckily enough, everything was brought to light and he was completely vindicated then. Furthermore, in the event of Kim Son’s and Tien Hai’s bumper crops, the residents invited the 75-year-old mandarin to join the harvest festival as a red-carpet treatment, and dishonest officials vilified him a rebel leader in Kim Son and Tien Hai but then he succeeded in justifying himself to King Tự Đức. Understandably, Nguyễn Công Trứ took the honor and dishonor for granted.
Life as a poet and activist.
His poems, which have mostly been written in pictographic script of Vietnamese, show deep feeling. Some findings have shown that Nguyễn Công Trứ had over 1000 poems mainly of Tang prosody and declamation style of Vietnam. The majority of them is now missing. Approximately 150 of his works remain today. What people find remarkable for Nguyễn Công Trứ’s poems is the individualism, which is truly of the freedom and the independence. Nguyễn Công Trứ made contributed to the growth of medieval Vietnamese literature as well as the variation of this language on the grounds that his works are mainly composed in pictographic script of Vietnamese.
The conception of morality in medieval society is “Lap duc- Lap cong- Lap ngon” "(Lập đức–Lập công - Lập ngôn)", which Nguyễn Công Trứ strove for. “Lap duc”, according to the feudal intelligentsia, is devoting to bring about the country’s prospect and the well-being of its citizens. “Lap cong” bears the meaning of fulfilling the missions assigned by the King. “Lap ngon” is to make a significant contribution to the arts.
Nguyễn Công Trứ led a full and varied life insofar as he was once promoted to the rank of General, but then demoted to the lowest rank as a border guard. Nguyễn Công Trứ experienced many ups and downs in his life and career Furthermore, Nguyễn Công Trứ earned a lot of respect as a devoted Confucian scholar and experienced statesman. Nguyễn Công Trứ dedicated nearly all his life to his country and the welfare of its citizens. After his retirement, Nguyễn Công Trứ lived the rest of his life in his hometown and gave a hand with the restoration of pagodas and gave lectures in Buddhism’s beliefs.
When French colonists invaded Viet Nam in 1858, Nguyễn Công Trứ was one of feudal intellectuals bravely fighting against the enemy’s deployment. Besides, he went unhesitatingly: “Should I be at my last gasp, I will fight tooth and nail for the country’s freedom and independence.” Nguyễn Công Trứ died on 7 December 1858. At Nguyễn Công Trứ’s funeral came King Tự Đức as well as distinguished mourners and The King himself gave the late statesman parallel sentences as an offering “tả hữu nghi văn nghi võ- tử sinh danh tướng, danh thần”. They bear the meaning of complimenting Nguyễn Công Trứ on his great talent for not only literature but also martial arts.
Many poems of Nguyễn Công Trứ’s is on Vietnamese high school curriculum, namely “BÀI CA NGẤT NGƯỞNG” and “NỢ NAM NHI”. Nguyễn Công Trứ High School was named after Nguyen Cong Tru in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20288599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288599" title="The Bigelow Theatre">
The Bigelow Theatre

The Bigelow Theatre (also known as Bigelow-Sanford Theater and as Hollywood Half Hour and Marquee Theater in syndication) is an American anthology series originally broadcast on CBS Television and on the DuMont Television Network.
This series is not to be confused with the similarly named "The Bigelow Show", a musical variety program which aired on NBC and CBS in the late 1940s.
Broadcast history.
The series aired on CBS on Sunday nights at 6pm EST from December 10, 1950 to June 3, 1951. There were no regularly featured actors on "The Bigelow Theatre", but guest stars included Cesar Romero, Lloyd Bridges, Gale Storm, and Chico Marx.
After the series ended on CBS, "The Bigelow Theatre" aired on DuMont on Thursdays at 10pm EST from September 6 through December 27, 1951. There were 27 episodes on CBS, and 15 on DuMont, however, some of the DuMont episodes were reruns of the CBS series.
Episode status.
Nine episodes are held by the UCLA Film and Television Archive, at least two of which (October 4 and the December 27 finale) aired on DuMont. 
One CBS episode from February 11, 1951, "Agent From Scotland Yard", is held by the Library of Congress in the J. Fred MacDonald collection.

</doc>
<doc id="20288656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288656" title="Brode, Škofja Loka">
Brode, Škofja Loka

Brode (; in older sources also "Brodi", ) is a village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
"Brode" was attested in written sources in 1291 as "Furten" and "in villa Fůrten" (and again as "Furten" in 1318 and "Furtten" circa 1400). The name is originally a plural accusative of the Slovene common noun "brod" 'ford, shallow river crossing' and thus refers to a local geographical feature. In the 19th century the German name was "Wrodech".
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Thomas. It is a late Gothic church and originally had a flat ceiling which was vaulted in the 18th century. Remains of frescos from the mid-16th century by the painter Jernej of Loka can be seen, depicting the Last Judgment, The Crucifixion, Saint George and the Dragon, and the Sacrifice of Isaac. The main altar dates to 1774.

</doc>
<doc id="20288663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288663" title="Buffy (album)">
Buffy (album)

Buffy was the tenth album by Buffy Sainte-Marie and her first after leaving Vanguard Records, with whom her relationship had been strained for several albums.
Despite being on a different label from its predecessor "Quiet Places", "Buffy" was recorded with essentially the same personnel in Norbert Putnam on bass, David Briggs on keyboards, Kenny Malone on drums and the Memphis Horns. Together, these gave a sound far removed from her initial folk roots and much closer to ordinary rock. Indeed, "Buffy" was recorded at much the same time and place as "Quiet Places" and no label took it up until her last Vanguard recordings had been released.
Despite "Buffy" commanding a high price tag upon completion, MCA did little to promote it. Very few music magazines ever bothered to review it and "Buffy" was out of print as early as 1978. It has never been reissued independently since then and was only rereleased in 2008 with "Changing Woman" and "Sweet America".
Track listing.
All songs written by Buffy Sainte-Marie unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20288694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288694" title="Bukov Vrh nad Visokim">
Bukov Vrh nad Visokim

Bukov Vrh nad Visokim () is a settlement above Visoko pri Poljanah in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name "Bukov Vrh nad Visokim" literally means 'beech peak above Visoko'. Like similar names (e.g., "Bukovo", "Bukovica", "Bukovec", etc.), it is derived from the Slovene adjective "bukov", from the common noun "bukev" 'beech', referring to the local vegetation.

</doc>
<doc id="20288704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288704" title="James Franklin Hyde">
James Franklin Hyde

James Franklin Hyde (11 March 1903 – 11 October 1999) was an American chemist and inventor. He has been called the “Father of Silicones” and is credited with the launch of the silicone industry in the 1930s. His most notable contributions include his creation of silicone from silicon compounds and his method of making fused silica, a high-quality glass later used in aeronautics, advanced telecommunications, and computer chips. His work led to the formation of Dow Corning, an alliance between the Dow Chemical Company and Corning Glass Works that was specifically created to produce silicone products.
Life.
Early years and education.
James Franklin Hyde was born in Solvay, New York on March 11, 1903. He attended Solvay High School and graduated on June 25, 1919 at the age of 16. He was partly encouraged by one of his science teachers to enter into the field of science.
After high school, Hyde attended Syracuse University, where he earned both his Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts degrees. Afterwards, he earned a Ph.D. in organic chemistry at the University of Illinois. He then completed his academic education at Harvard University, where he was granted a post-doctoral fellowship under Dr. James Bryant Conant. He also received an Honorary Doctor of Science degree from Syracuse University.
Research.
In 1931, Hyde became the first organic chemist to accept a position at Corning Glass Works (now Corning Inc.). He was hired to investigate the new plastics that challenged the glass industry. Hyde had studied Kipping and Ladenburg’s work in the field of organic silicon chemistry and sought to find a flexible, high temperature binder for the glass fibers that would allow for an increase in service temperature for insulating materials. He followed Kipping’s procedure for creating organic silicon compounds by using Grignard’s magnesium-containing reagent and eventually synthesized a fluid that hardened to a rubbery mass. This new composite was one of the first Class H insulators and made it possible for Corning to produce high temperature motors and generators. This silicone was used in ships and planes during World War II, as cable and wire insulation, in aeronautical equipment, and in window insulation. Future versions of this silicone would be used in breast implants and in prosthetic heart valves.
In 1934, Hyde used a method called “frame hydrolysis” to create fused silica, an impurity-free glass. This method involved heating silicon and oxygen by running silicon tetrachloride gas through an oxygen flame. The result was a fine, glassy powder of silicon dioxide, which could be pressed into various shapes. Hyde’s method proved to be a breakthrough in glass production.
Fused silica was initially used in mirrors, telescopes, radar, and later in spacecraft windows and fiber optics. Corning researchers used this fused silica when they invented optical fiber in 1970, which provided faster transmission speeds than copper wires did. Fused silica has also made the miniaturization of computer chips possible, as it is used in high transmission microlithographic lenses.
Decades later, Hyde remarked that “was surprised at some of the things silica has gone into, but was not surprised at the versatility of such a beautiful and useful material.” He claims that his inspiration for developing his fused silica was the telescope that was being built at the Palomar Observatory in California. However, he was too late to influence this telescope project, which was built by Corning using Pyrex, a glass it developed in 1915.
On August 27, 1934, Hyde filed a patent application with the United States Patent Office for “ method of making a transparent article of silica.” This patent was granted to him on February 10, 1942.
Hyde’s work led to the formation of the Dow Corning Corporation in 1943, a joint venture by Corning Glass Works and the Dow Chemical Company to produce silicone products. Dr. William Armistead, former vice chairman for technology at Corning Glass Works, not only recognizes Hyde as “the father of silicones,” but also calls him “the father of Dow Corning.” The Dow Corning Corporation now operates in more than 20 nations around the world, with $4.94 billion in revenue in 2007.
In 1951, Hyde was appointed the position of senior research scientist for basic organosilicon chemistry at Dow Corning. He had previously held the position of manager of the Organic Chemistry Research Laboratory at Corning from 1938 until 1951.
Later years.
In 1973, Hyde retired but continued to serve Dow Corning as a research consultant.
Since 1992, the J. Franklin Hyde Scholarship in Science Education has been awarded annually by Dow Corning and the Dow Corning Foundation to outstanding students who plan to teach science at the secondary level.
In 2000, Hyde was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame.
For the remainder of his days, Hyde lived alone on Marco Island, Florida. His three children visited him regularly. He is proud of his accomplishments during his career and says that “it gives a great satisfaction that [he did something useful in life.”
Dr. James Franklin Hyde died in his Florida home on October 11, 1999, at the age of 96, with over 100 patents held in his name while at Dow Corning.
Personal life.
In 1930, James Franklin Hyde was married to his wife Hildegard. He has three children: James F. Hyde, Ann H. Hyde, and Sylvia Hyde Schuster.
Hyde’s wife Hildegard died in 1991. He said to the New York Times: “When you lose someone close to you like that, you never really get over it.”

</doc>
<doc id="20288719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288719" title="Wendy Sharpe (footballer)">
Wendy Sharpe (footballer)

Wendy Sharpe (born 25 June 1963) is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level. Sharpe is New Zealand's leading women's international goalscorer.
Sharpe made her full Football Ferns debut in a 3-3 draw with Australia 18 May 1980 and finished her international career with 51 caps and 29 goals to her credit, her last cap being in a 0-2 loss to Australia on 19 March 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20288726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288726" title="Yuddho">
Yuddho

Yuddho or Juddho ( "") is a Bengali action Movie was released in 2005 and dubbed in Oriya,directed by Rabi Kinagi, the movie featured Mithun Chakraborty, Deboshree Roy, Jeet and Koyel Mullick.
Plot.
The story revolves around police officer agnishwar rai, who keeps getting transferred due to his aggressive nature. He ends up at Utapra police where young boy sujo sinha is the local tough guy. A girl is raped by the younger brother of the local ML, Mithun arrests him but the ML gets him put in prison and his wife murdered. There starts his revenge where he slowly kills all the persons responsible for putting him behind bars and killing his wife, ending with his death and that of the ML.
Soundtrack.
Tomar o chokhe te chaoa
Baisakhe te prothom dekha
I love you
Sadher Lau
Sure Sure Aaj Mon

</doc>
<doc id="20288738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288738" title="Boyce Watkins">
Boyce Watkins

Boyce D. Watkins is an American author, economist, political analyst, and social commentator. Formerly a member of the finance faculty, and currently a Scholar in Residence in Entrepreneurship and Innovation at Syracuse University, he also is a Distinguished Scholar with the Barbara Jordan Institute for Policy Research, and was previously a Visiting Fellow at the Shanghai University of Finance and Economics and the Centre for European Economic Research (Mannheim, Germany). Watkins is also a faculty affiliate with the College Sports Research Institute at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He has authored several financial advice books, including "Financial Lovemaking 101: Merging Assets with your Partner in Ways that Feel Good", "Black American Money", as well as "What if George Bush were a Black Man?"; his work has also appeared in such publications as the "Journal Of Small Business Management", and "The Journal of Economics and Business." 
In addition to publishing scholarly articles on finance and investing, Watkins is an advocate for education, economic empowerment, and social justice, and has made regular appearances in various national media outlets, including CNN, Good Morning America, MSNBC, Fox News, BET, NPR, Essence Magazine, USA Today, The Today Show, ESPN, The Tom Joyner Morning Show and CBS Sports. He is also a frequent guest on, "The Wendy Williams Experience" radio program. Watkins is also a frequent contributor to "theGrio" and TheLoop21.com.
Early life.
Watkins was born in Louisville, KY to a teen mother. His father left shortly after his birth, and only spoke to his son 3 times. Watkins' mother, Robin Couch, married when Boyce was 3 years old to Larry Watkins, a young Vietnam veteran from Louisville. The family struggled for years, but worked hard for economic advancement.
Watkins' mother encouraged her children to be the best they could be at anything they did. Larry, who would become Watkins' adopted father, was a tough, stern head of the household who joined the local police force at the age of 30. 
Watkins struggled in school, earning very poor grades all throughout. His teachers placed him in special education and also told him that he was not smart enough to go to college. 
"When I look back on those years as a black boy in a racist state like Kentucky, I get angry," says Watkins. "I almost lost the future that God had in store for me."
In high school, Watkins was captain of his track team. He also had a job working for Taco Bell, along with other fast food restaurants. 
Watkins' teenage years were tough. His father was a good provider, but very tough, leading him to feel abandoned and unloved. His uncle, 8 years his senior, was regularly sent to prison, which only added to his feelings of abandonment. "Those were tough years for me," says Watkins. "I honestly think my mind has blocked them out."
Watkins received a small scholarship from a group called "Black Achievers", based in Louisville, KY, to the University of Kentucky, which was just enough to pay his tuition.
Early adulthood.
During his senior year in high school, Watkins met his first girlfriend. Six months after high school graduation, she gave birth to their first and only child. He was a freshman in college at the time, and the child was born during Fall break.
The pressure of fatherhood further motivated Watkins to work hard in school. It was during his first semester at The University of Kentucky that he earned straight As for the first time in his life. 
Watkins went on to win several honors in college, including Freshman of the Year, Sophomore of the Year and numerous scholarships. He finished with a triple major in Finance, Economics and Business Management. He was selected as the Wall Street Journal Outstanding Graduating Senior in Finance and went on to begin his PhD study at Indiana University.
Beginnings of his career in social activism.
Watkins left the PhD program soon afterwards, deciding to return to his alma mater, The University of Kentucky, in order to study mathematics and statistics, two subjects he'd struggled with in the past.
It was during his time as a graduate student at The University of Kentucky that Watkins became more involved with political activism. The racism he perceived in the language used in his campus newspaper, The Kentucky Kernel, led Watkins to begin writing columns himself. In his work, he challenged what he felt were the racially-divisive foundations of his campus. Watkins also battled with the University President at the time, Charles Wethington III, referring to him as "Chuck" and claiming that he was racially insensitive and unqualified to be a campus president.
Syracuse University.
After leaving The University of Kentucky, Watkins spent a year at The University of Rochester, eventually transferring to Ohio State University to finish his PhD.
Working under Rene Stulz, David Hirshleifer and Andrew Karolyi, Watkins finished his PhD at Ohio State University. His first academic position was with Syracuse University. 
In 2004, Watkins completed his first book, "Everything You Ever Wanted to Know about College—A Guide for Minority Students". The book was a success and began his work in public scholarship. "I wrote this book for all the young kids like me who were told they can't go to college," said Watkins.
A few months later, Watkins created his second book "What if George Bush were a Black Man?", a satirical discussion of President Bush and the presence of "White privilege" in America. Watkins explores the criminal justice system, the educational system, and the economic systems of America, using statistics and anecdotes to describe likely fates for President Bush and other privileged individuals if they were poor and Black.
The book was featured on national media. Prominent African American Scholar Michael Eric Dyson referred to Watkins as "brilliant", and Fox News Analyst Dr. Marc Lamont Hill stated that Watkins is "one of the greatest minds of our time".
His next books were "Financial Lovemaking 101: Merging Assets with Your Partner in Ways that Feel Good", "The Parental 411: What Every Parent should Know about Their Child in College", and "Quick and Dirty Secrets of College Success: A Professor Tells It All".
Bill O'Reilly and Juan Williams.
Watkins has an on-going feud with Bill O'Reilly from Fox News. Watkins referred to Bill O'Reilly and Sean Hannity as "UnAmerican borderline Klansmen who graduated from the Rush Limbaugh School of Arrogant Self-righteousness". During one CNN episode, after Bill O'Reilly made controversial statements about African Americans during his visit to Sylvia's Restaurant in Harlem, Watkins referred to Juan Williams as "Bill O'Reilly's happy little Negro", in reference to Williams' insistence that O'Reilly did nothing wrong.
In response, Williams wrote a scathing piece about Watkins in Time Magazine. O'Reilly spent a week on his show calling for Watkins to be fired from his post at Syracuse University. Watkins referred to Bill O'Reilly, Sean Hannity and Rush Limbaugh as "The Axis of Ignorance" for what Watkins believed to be racist attacks against the Black community.
Later in the spring of 2008, Watkins formed an online protest through his website YourBlackWorld.com. In response to Fox News criticism of Senator Barack Obama and Pastor Jeremiah Wright, Watkins asked his supporters to write to Bill O'Reilly's corporate sponsors and complain about O'Reilly's behavior. 
Watkins' protest led O'Reilly to spend a week during May 2008 calling for Watkins to be fired. He also sent reporters to question the Chancellor of Syracuse University, Nancy Cantor, and ask her why she had not challenged Watkins for his words. In his comments, O'Reilly claimed that Watkins accused him of wanting to lynch Michelle Obama, the wife of then Senator Barack Obama and that he was "smearing the good name of Syracuse University by spreading these kinds of lies".
Keith Olbermann, host of "Countdown with Keith Olbermann" came to Watkins' defense, stating that O'Reilly did in fact joke about lynching Michelle Obama. He also mentioned that O'Reilly's lash at Watkins stemmed from his protest against O'Reilly's corporate sponsors. Others, such as Rev. Jesse Jackson backed Watkins as well, with Rev. Jackson inviting Watkins onto his show over 15 times in 2008.
As it turned out, O'Reilly had made a remark about Michelle Obama and lynching on February 21, 2008; "I don’t want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama unless there’s evidence, hard facts, that say this is how the woman really feels. If that’s how she really feels — that America is a bad country or a flawed nation, whatever — then that’s legit." He later, after pressure, apologized, saying; "I'm sorry if my statement offended anybody." on his Feb 22, 2008 program.
Watkins' challenge to the NCAA.
Watkins is an advocate for the rights of college athletes. In his work as a faculty affiliate for the College Sport Research Institute at The University of North Carolina Chapel Hill, Watkins has challenged the NCAA on its refusal to compensate college athletes, stating that the NCAA exploits Black families by using young men for their athletic ability and refusing to share the wealth with their families.
In his work, Watkins has appeared on several national media outlets, including CNN, ESPN, Fox, and CBS Sports explaining why athletes should be compensated. He has also challenged the tax exempt status of the NCAA, stating that the United States Congress should step in and conduct an anti-trust investigation into the NCAA.
In op-ed pieces opposite NCAA President Myles Brand, Watkins has argued that students' rights are being violated on a regular basis by the NCAA and that a fairer compensation model should be used by the league. He cites that the revenues from NCAA March Madness exceed that of the Super Bowl and the World Series combined. Watkins also cites the fact that many coaches are made into millionaires by a system designed to keep star athletes and their families in poverty. At the conference for the North American Society for the Sociology of Sport (NASSS), Watkins cited the work of Harry Edwards during the 1968 Olympics as a spring board for Black athlete activism. 
"Like hookers kept dazed on drugs, the Black athlete is kept ignorant by his coaches so they can continue to rob him blind," says Watkins. "Coaches in college are given little incentive to increase graduation rates, and even choose the classes for the athletes. It's a sham."
Financial activism.
Through his position at Syracuse University and YourBlackWorld.com, Watkins also provides regular financial advice to a largely African American audience. He argues that African Americans should consider their financial independence to be part of their spiritual and social independence. He also argues that African Americans should find a way to "own the land on which you stand", in order to be truly liberated in America.
BET and Lil Wayne.
Watkins has been highly critical of hip-hop, Black Entertainment Television and rap artist Lil Wayne. After reading the lyrics to Wayne's song "We Be Steady Mobbin', Watkins said that he was "ditching Lil Wayne completely" and that Wayne had "positioned himself as an enemy of the black community" who can be linked to "the holocaust occurring within the black community today". He has also said that Black Entertainment Television has a similar agenda as the Ku Klux Klan.
Adidas and the "Slave Shoes".
Watkins slammed shoemaker Adidas for its JS Roundhouse Mid shoe created with a shackle design. In an opinion-editorial, Watkins dubbed the shoe as "slave shoes." Before canceling the shoe, Adidas wrote a statement in support of the designer and the design. The shoe "is nothing more than the designer Jeremy Scott's outrageous and unique take on fashion and has nothing to do with slavery," Adidas said in a statement. Civil Rights leader Rev. Jesse Jackson agreed with Watkins: "The attempt to commercialize and make popular more than 200 years of human degradation, where blacks were considered three-fifths human by our Constitution is offensive, appalling and insensitive,” he stated. 
Russell Simmons and The War On Drugs.
Watkins joined hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons to co-author a letter to President Barack Obama urging him to put an end to the War On Drugs. The letter acquired more than 175 signatures from celebrities, activists, business and thought leaders, and scholars. Simmons and Watkins outlined specific programs the president can enforce to put an end to Ronald Reagan's War On Drugs; including supporting the Youth Prison Reduction through Opportunities, Mentoring, Intervention, Support, and Education (Youth PROMISE) Act, forming a panel to review requests for clemency that come to the Office of the Pardon Attorney, and increasing transitioning programs for released inmates. Following the release of the letter, President Obama declared an end of the War On Drugs with strategies to treat addictions and diverting non-violent drug offenders into treatment instead of prisons.
Mountain Dew, Tyler, the Creator, and Lil Wayne.
Watkins criticized Mountain Dew for approving what he dubbed to be 'the most racist commercial in history' created by Tyler, the Creator. He also slammed the beverage company for paying rapper Lil Wayne a lucrative endorsement deal following his derogatory lyrics about Civil Rights icon Emmett Till. The article forced Mountain Dew to pull the series of commercials created by Tyler, the Creator and pull the plug on Lil Wayne's lucrative endorsement deal. Watkins and Tyler, the Creator exchanged Twitter messages back and forth, with Watkins stating he had an "altered perspective" after listening to Tyler, the Creator's music. Media outlets ran with Watkins' statement, claiming he'd recanted his initial stance. He later clarified the nature of his Tweet in a YouTube video, stating he does not approve of the commercial.

</doc>
<doc id="20288748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288748" title="Steve Dildarian">
Steve Dildarian

Steve Dildarian (born November 3, 1969) is an American former advertising copywriter who is the creator, writer, producer and voice of Tim in the HBO animated television series, "The Life & Times of Tim".
Dildarian grew up in East Brunswick Township, New Jersey and graduated from Glassboro State College (now Rowan University).
During his advertising career, he worked for several ad agencies, including BBDO and Goodby, Silverstein & Partners. In 2006, Dildarian created an animated short film called "Angry Unpaid Hooker", which won the best animated short at the U.S. Comedy Arts Festival, and is the basis for "The Life & Times of Tim". Dildarian's animation is characterized by a raw, minimalist, two-dimensional style - similar to Mike Judge's "Beavis and Butt-head" series. Along with MJ Otto, Dildarian also starred in a web series entitled "KAB man". The series was commissioned by Keep America Beautiful (KAB) to raise awareness about environmental issues. It is composed of three five minute episodes available on YouTube and on KAB man's companion website, www.kabman.org.

</doc>
<doc id="20288779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288779" title="The Cases of Eddie Drake">
The Cases of Eddie Drake

The Cases of Eddie Drake is an American crime drama series which aired on the DuMont Television Network. The series ran during 1952, and was a crime drama originally filmed by CBS Television in 1949. The TV series was adapted from the radio series "The Cases of Mr. Ace" (1945-1947) starring George Raft, with both series written by Jason James.
However, the nine TV episodes were never broadcast on CBS. In 1952, these episodes were purchased by DuMont and aired on that network instead. (For an example of a DuMont-filmed series which aired on CBS, see "The Honeymooners".) DuMont also filmed four additional episodes to round out the series to the standard 13-episode season.
Synopsis.
The series stars Don Haggerty as Eddie Drake, a private eye from New York, and (in the original nine episodes) Patricia Morison as psychiatrist Dr. Karen Gayle. Actress Lynne Roberts portrayed criminologist Dr. Joan Wright in the final four episodes. In the series, Drake drives a 3-wheeled 1948 Davis D-2 Divan car. The final episode aired on May 29, 1952.
Episode status.
The episode "Shoot the Works" (aired April 10, 1952) is available online. The episode "Sleep Well, Angel" (May 1, 1952) is in the collection of the Paley Center for Media.
Films released in the UK.
Between February 1954 and February 1956, four feature films edited from the "Eddie Drake" series were released by Butchers Film Service and Jack Phillips Film Distribution to smaller cinemas in the UK: 

</doc>
<doc id="20288784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288784" title="List of football records in China">
List of football records in China

These are the Records for the Chinese Football League since its inception in 1994.
Scorers.
All Time Top scorers.
The following is a cumulative record of all time goals scored by single players in Chinese Top Level Professional League, since its inception in 1994 as the Chinese Jia-A League. Players with at least 50 goals are listed.
Appearances.
All-time top appearances.
The following table lists players who have played the most games within the top tier of Chinese football. Zou Yougen is the first player to make 300 or more appearances within the Jia-A or CSL League.
Top Appearance foreigner players.
This section listed the foreign players who had mostly caps in Chinese Top Level professional football leagues
Manager.
League winning manager.
this table listed manager of Chinese top level professional league Champions
All-time League Table.
The All-Time League Table is a cumulative record of all match results, points and goals of every team that has played in the League since its inception in 1994. The table that follows is accurate as of the end of the Chinese Super League 2009 season. Teams in bold are part of the Chinese Super League 2010. Numbers in bold are the record (highest) numbers in each column.
League attendance.
the attendance figures are announced by the league department of CFA. 1994–2001 Jia-A figures was corrected by Titan Sports., also on Blog.Sina.Com, the figures after 2002 was calculated from the record of the Official CFA site
Awards.
China used to have three main award series, they are:
Mr. China Football Award, started from 1994, voted by fans all over the country, to award the player of the year.
Three Golden Awards,Organized by China Sports Daily, Started from 1983, the most famous Chinese football awards, to award the best performance players in all kinds of tournament, not only in the leagues, the awards includes:
Player of the year – Golden Ball awards
Best Scorer of the year – Golden Boot awards
Refree of the year – Golden Whistle awards
Official CFA League awards, Is the Official League awards, Awarded by CFA, includes:
Most Valuable players of the league awards (MVP) 
League Top Scorer awards
Manager of the year awards
Refree of the year awards
in 1999 season, three other items added as regular awards
Youth Player of the year awards (MYP)
Club of the year awards
Fair play club of the year awards
The league oscar also involve some occasional awards
In the year 2002, the three series above was merged into the Official CFA Annual Awards. It now includes:
Mr. Football League Golden Ball awards, also called MVP awards or Mr. China Football awards by some media
Best Scorer Golden Boot awards
Refree of the year Golden Whistle awards
Manager of the year awards
Youth player of the year awards
Best player awards.
Most Valuable Player of the League.
Most Valuable players of the league awards; from the 2002 edition onwards, named Mr. Football League Golden Ball awards
Mr. China Football.
First awarded in the year 1994, in the year 2002 it mergend with the "Most Valuable Player of the League" award of the Official CFA Annual awards
Golden Ball Awards.
It first awarded in the year 1983, and in the year 2002, mergend with the "Most Valuable Player of the League" award of the Official CFA Annual awards
Top Scorer of the League.
It first awarded in the year 1980
Manager of the year.
the award does not necessarily goes to the manager of the champions.
Team of the year.
The Team of the Year is awarded by the Chinese Football Association, It first awarded in 1995, no award in 1998 & 2000, Voted by fans all-over China, Since 2004, the Best 11 was announced by Chinese Super League Official sites but no award given to the players.
Other Records.
"As of October 20, 2012"
Individual Player.
for top scorers, see statistics above

</doc>
<doc id="20288830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288830" title="Helping behavior">
Helping behavior

Helping behavior refers to voluntary actions intended to help the others, with reward regarded or disregarded. It is a type of prosocial behavior (voluntary action intended to help or benefit another individual or group of individuals, such as sharing, comforting, rescuing and helping).
Altruism is distinguished from helping behavior. Altruism refers to prosocial behaviors that are carried out without expectation of obtaining external reward (concrete reward or social reward) or internal reward (self-reward).
Perspectives on helping behavior.
Kin selection theory.
Kin selection theory explains altruism in evolutionary perspective. Since natural selection aids in screening out species without abilities to adapt the challenging environment, preservation of good traits and superior genes are important for survival of future generations (i.e. inclusive fitness). Kin selection refers to the tendency to perform behaviors that may favor the chance of survival of people with similar genetic base.
WD Hamilton has proposed a mathematical expression for the kin selection:
“where B is the benefit to the recipient, C is the cost to the altruist (both measured as the number of offspring gained or lost) and r is the coefficient of relationship (i.e. the probability that they share the same gene by descent).”
An experiment conducted in Britain supports kin selection The experiment is illustrated by diagrams below. The result shows that people are more willing to provide help to people with higher relatedness and occurs in both gender and various cultures. The result also show gender difference in kin selection which men are more affected by the cues of similar genetic based than women.
Reciprocal altruism.
Reciprocal altruism is the idea that the incentive for an individual to help in the present is based on the expectation of the potential receipt in the future. R. Trivers believes it to be advantageous for an organism to pay a cost to his or her own life for another non-related organism if the favor is repaid (only when the benefit of the sacrifice outweighs the cost).
As Peter Singer notes, “reciprocity is found amongst all social mammals with long memories who live in stable communities and recognize each other as individuals.” Individuals should identify cheaters (those who do not reciprocate help) who lose the benefit of help from them in the future, as seen in blood-sharing in vampire bats.
Trade in economic trades and business may underlie reciprocal altruism in which products given and received involve different exchanges. Economic trades follow the “I’ll scratch your back if you scratch mine” principle. A pattern of frequent giving and receiving of help among workers boost both productivity and social standing.
Negative-state relief model.
The negative-state relief model of helping states that people help because of egoism. Egoistic motives lead one to help others in bad circumstances in order to reduce personal distress experienced from knowing the situation of the people in need. Helping behavior happens only when the personal distress cannot be relieved by other actions. Therefore the model explains why people’s avoidance behavior from people in need: this is another way of reducing distress.
Supporting studies.
1) Guilt feelings were induced to subjects by having participants accidentally ruin a student’s thesis data or seeing the data being ruined. Some subjects experience positive events afterwards, e.g. being praised. Results show that subjects who experience negative guilt feelings are more motivated to help than those who had neutral emotion. However, once the negative mood was relieved by receiving praise, subjects no longer had high motivation in helping.
2) Schaller and Cialdini found that people who are anticipating positive events (listening to a comedy tape), will show low helping motivation since they are expecting their negative emotions to be lifted up by the upcoming stimulation.
Empathy-altruism hypothesis.
Helping behavior may be initiated when we feel empathy for the person, that is, identifying with another person and feeling and understanding what that person is experiencing.
According to the Empathy-altruism hypothesis by Daniel Batson (1991), the decision of helping or not depends primarily on whether you feel empathy for the person and secondarily on the cost and rewards (social exchange concerns). It can be illustrated in the following diagram:
The hypothesis was supported by some studies. For example, a study conducted by Fultz and his colleagues (1986) divided participants into a high-empathy group and a low-empathy group. They both had to listen to another student, Janet, who reported feeling lonely. The study found that high-empathy group (told to imagine vividly how Janet felt) volunteered to spend more time with Janet, whether or not their help is anonymous, which makes the social reward lower. It shows that if the person feels empathy, they will help without considering the cost and reward, and it complies with the empathy-altruism hypothesis.
Responsibility – prosocial value orientation.
A strong influence on helping is a feeling of and belief in one's responsibility to help, especially when combined with the belief that one is able to help other people. The responsibility to help can be the result of a situation focusing responsibility on a person, or it can be a characteristic of individuals (leading to helping when activated by others' need). Staub has described a "prosocial value orientation" that made helping more likely both when a person was in physical distress and psychological distress. Prosocial orientation was also negatively related to aggression in boys, and positively related to "constructive patriotism". The components of this orientation are a positive view of human beings, concern about others' welfare, and a feeling of and belief in one's responsibility for others' welfare.
Social exchange theory.
According to the social-exchange theory, people help because they want to gain goods from the one being helped. People calculate rewards and costs of helping others, and aim at maximizing the former and minimizing the latter, which is known as a “minimax” strategy.
Rewards are incentives, which can be materialistic goods, social rewards which can improve one’s image and reputation (e.g. praise) or self-reward.
Rewards are either external or internal. External reward is things that obtained from others when helping them, for instance, friendship and gratitude. People are more likely to help those who are more attractive or important, whose approval is desired. Internal reward is generated by oneself when helping, for example, sense of goodness and self-satisfaction. When seeing someone in distress, one would empathize the victim and are aroused and distressed. We may choose to help in order to reduce the arousal and distress.
Preceding helping behavior, people consciously calculate the benefits and costs of helping and not helping, and they help when the overall benefit of helping outweigh the cost.
Implications.
Cultural differences.
A major cultural difference is the difference between collectivism and individualism. Collectivists attend more to the needs and goals of the group they belong to, and individualists focus on their own selves. With such contrast, collectivists would be more likely to help the ingroup members, but less frequent than individualists to help strangers.
Economic environment.
Helping is influenced by economic environment within the culture. In general, frequency of helping behavior is inversely related to the country economic status.
Rural vs. urban area.
The context influences helping behaviors. While there is a myth that small towns are "safer" and "friendlier", it has yet to be proven. In a meta-analytical study by Nancy Steblay, she found out the in either extreme, urban (300,000 people or more) or rural environments(5,000 people or less), are the worst places if you're looking for help. 
Choosing a role.
Edgar Henry Schein, former professor at MIT Sloan School of Management, assigns three different roles people follow when responding to offers of help. These generic helping roles are The Expert Resource Role, The Doctor Role, The Process Consultant Role. 
The Expert Resource Role is the most common of the three. It assumes the client, the person being helped, is seeking information or expert service that they cannot provide for themselves. For example, simple issues like asking for directions or more complex issues like an organization hiring a financial consultant will fall into this categorey.
The Doctor Role can be confused with the Expert Role because they seem to overlap each other. This role includes the client asking for information and service but also demands a diagnosis and prescription. Doctors, counselors, coaches, and repair personnel fulfill this kind of role. Contrary to the expert role, the Doctor Role shifts more power to the helper who is responsible for the previously mentioned duties; diagnosing, prescribing, and administering the cure.
Schein describes the Process Consultant Role where the helper focuses on the communication process from the very beginning. Before help can start, there needs to be an establishment of trust between the helper and the client. For example, in order for a tech consultant to be effective, he or she has to take a few minutes to discuss what the situation is, how often the problem occurs, what has been tried before, etc. before transitioning into the expert role or the doctor role.

</doc>
<doc id="20288876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288876" title="2009 Super 14 season">
2009 Super 14 season

The 2009 Super 14 season kicked off in February 2009 with pre-season matches held from mid-January. It finished on 30 May, when the Bulls won their second Super Rugby title with a decisive 61–17 victory over the Waikato Chiefs at Loftus Versfeld stadium in Pretoria, South Africa. The 2009 season was the fourth of the expansion, which led to the name change to the Super 14. The schedule, which covered 3½ months, featured a total of 94 matches, with each team playing one full round-robin against the 13 other teams, two semi-finals and a final. Every team received one bye over the 14 rounds.
Playoffs.
Final.
This large win by the Bulls, is the highest winning score, and the highest winning margin ever in a Super 14 final.

</doc>
<doc id="20288897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288897" title="Bob Williams (baseball)">
Bob Williams (baseball)

Robert Elias "Bob" Williams (born April 27, 1884) was a catcher with the New York Highlanders and New York Yankees in the American League. He was released by the Yankees in 1913 to the Rochester Club of the International League.

</doc>
<doc id="20288929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288929" title="Peterbilt 379">
Peterbilt 379

The 379 was Peterbilt's flagship truck from 1987 until the 2007 model year maintaining the nameplate's signature long-nose styling coupled with a rugged edged yet refined profile. Available in standard (119″ BBC) and long hood (127″ BBC) lengths.
Variations.
Replacing the "359" in 1987, it remained in production until March 2007 with the last 1,000 379s called the "Legacy Class 379".
Common powerplants.
Throughout production, the 379 came loaded with some of the most powerful high-torque inline 6-cylinder turbo-diesel engines offered in on-highway vehicles. These engines included the Caterpillar C-11, C-12, C-13, C-15, C-16 and the 3406-(B,C,E,P and EWS), Cummins the "big cam" NTC, N-14, ISM, ISX, Signature 600, and Detroit Diesel 60 series and 90 series.
In popular media.
Autobot leader Optimus Prime's alternate mode for the first three installments of the live-action Transformers (film series) is a Peterbilt Model-379 truck. Three modified 379s were used interchangeably. There was much controversy over this in the Transformers fan community because Optimus Prime is almost always portrayed in the various cartoon series as a flat-nose cab over semi-trailer truck (or later as a fire engine); his movie incarnation would be the second with an extended nose conventional cab. The filmmakers have said that, ignoring the fan-termed "mass shifting" associated with the series, Optimus's final official height of in robot mode would not have been possible to allow for all of the mechanics of the CGI model if they had gone with a cab-over, which would have dropped him instead to a smaller .
A Peterbilt 379 was used in a 1998 film, "Black Dog", and made the truck model more popular.

</doc>
<doc id="20288935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288935" title="Crosscurrents (radio program)">
Crosscurrents (radio program)

Crosscurrents is a half-hour evening newsmagazine from KALW Public Radio in San Francisco. The show launched on August 4, 2008, and is co-hosted by Holly Kernan and Hana Baba. "Crosscurrents" is a continuation of KALW's Public Interest Reporting project, which began in 2003 with the stated goal of promoting in-depth, local, not-for-profit reporting at a time of media consolidation and cutbacks.
Members of the "Crosscurrents" team have won awards including the Society of Professional Journalists Northern California Award for Best Explanatory Journalism in Broadcast, and the 2008 RTNDA Regional Edward R. Murrow Award for Continuing Coverage.
"Crosscurrents" is broadcast Monday through Thursday from 5:00 to 5:30 p.m. on 91.7 FM in the San Francisco Bay Area, and streams live. The show is also available as a podcast via the program's website.
"Crosscurrents" is funded through a combination of grants and listener contributions to KALW.
Show contents.
"Crosscurrents" shows combine coverage of key local news stories with sound-rich features highlighting the arts and culture of the Bay Area. "Crosscurrents" hosts have interviewed newsmakers including Oakland Mayor Ron Dellums, California Superintendent of Public Instruction Jack O'Connell, and author Van Jones. The features include a segment called "Meet Your Neighbors", in which a reporter learns about a certain character or community by interacting with total strangers, "Muni Diaries", which airs listeners' stories about experiences on public transit, and "The Source", which explains how different neighborhoods got their names. The show also features "DIY" segments, "Reality Check" pieces debunking public officials' questionable statements, and "Brain Vitamin" reports, which break down complex scientific and technical subjects.
Promotion.
"Crosscurrents" has been running advertisements in the Bay Area weekly newspaper "The San Francisco Bay Guardian" since October 8, 2008, with the tagline "We Go Deeper." The show also has a page on Facebook.

</doc>
<doc id="20288944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288944" title="Samsung Digital Imaging">
Samsung Digital Imaging

Samsung Digital Imaging (Korean: 삼성디지털이미징) is a Korean optoelectronics company.
It is one of the subsidiaries of Samsung Group, and it was spun off from Samsung Techwin's Optoelectronics part after February 2, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20288958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288958" title="Ralph Fletcher Seymour">
Ralph Fletcher Seymour

Ralph Fletcher Seymour (March 18, 1876 – January 1, 1966) was an American artist, author, and publisher of the late nineteenth and the twentieth centuries. Though long based in Chicago, he was also noted for his work in the American Southwest; he studied, wrote about, and portrayed the Native American cultures of the region.
Life and Work.
Seymour was born in Milan, Illinois, and studied in Cincinnati with Lewis Meakin and Vincent Nowattny, and later in Paris as well. He taught decorative illustration at the Art Institute of Chicago, and was an artist-in-residence at Knox College. He painted, and produced etchings, woodcuts and block prints. He was a noted designer of bookplates.
For a time around the turn of the twentieth century, Seymour was associated with L. Frank Baum, and worked on Baum's books "By the Candelabra's Glare" (1898), "" (1899), and "American Fairy Tales" (1901). Seymour illustrated or designed a range of books, often in high-quality limited editions, including Elizabeth Barrett Browning's "Sonnets from the Portuguese" (1899), John Keats's "The Eve of St. Agnes" (1900), John Milton's "Ode on the Morning of Christ's Nativity" (1901), Percy Bysshe Shelley's "A Defence of Poetry" (1904), the Biblical "Book of Ruth" (1904), and William Blake's "Songs of Innocence and Experience" (1906).
For almost seven decades, Seymour ran his own book publishing firm in Chicago. Among the works he published were Frank Lloyd Wright's "The Japanese Print" (1912) and "Experimenting with Human Lives" (1923), and Alice Corbin's "Red Earth: Poems of New Mexico" (1920). He published Henry Blake Fuller's "Bertram Cope's Year" (1919), a novel about homosexuals in Chicago and an early example of gay literature in America. Seymour's Alderbrink Press maintained traditions of the Arts and Crafts Movement into the 1950s.
Seymour wrote "Across the Gulf" (1928), about his travels in southern Mexico — another expression of his interest in Native American cultures. He also published his own account of his life and art, in which he stated that the Chicago artists of his generation saw themselves as "peculiarly American" practitioners who disregarded "European, eastern or conventional rules for guidance in saying what they wanted to say."
Death.
He died in Batavia, Illinois in 1966, at the age of 89.

</doc>
<doc id="20288960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288960" title="Leavitt, Alberta">
Leavitt, Alberta

Leavitt is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within Cardston County, located approximately west of Cardston on Highway 5. It falls within the Canadian federal electoral district of Lethbridge.
History.
The first settler of the area was Thomas Rowell Leavitt, a Latter-day Saint (Mormon) from Utah Territory who came to Alberta fleeing a United States government crackdown on polygamy during a wave of late nineteenth century Latter-day Saint emigration to Canada and Mexico. The settlement's first name was Buffalo Flats, but it was subsequently changed to Leavitt in honor of the early Latter-day Saint settler. 
Cardston was the first Latter-day Saint settlement in Canada, and Leavitt was founded by a like-minded Latter-day Saint. Thomas Rowell Leavitt was born in Hatley, Quebec, Canada in 1834. Early converts to Mormonism, his parents subsequently moved to Utah. He had 26 children: 12 with his wife Ann Eliza; 9 with wife Antoinette; and 5 with Harriet Martha. Four chlldren died in their infancy, leaving 22 children who grew to adulthood. Twenty of the 22 eventually chose to remain in Canada as citizens, and today there are many Leavitts in the region, descendants of the original pioneer.
Thomas Rowell 'Tom' Leavitt was a farmer who had previously served as constable, marshal and sheriff of Wellsville, Utah. To reach Canada, Leavitt endured a six-week, journey in early spring 1887. He and his party reached their destination at Lee Creek, Alberta, on May 25. They had come in covered wagons—the last recorded pioneer wagon train in the Old West. He had left his wife Ann Eliza (Jenkins) behind at his Wellsville ranch, and Leavitt was accompanied on his trek by his third wife Harriet Martha (Dowdle), along with several of his children by his three wives.
The first school met in the church building, completed July 10, 1896. 
Thomas Leavitt's son Alfred, born in Utah, followed his father to Alberta in 1897. He and his brothers helped dig the irrigation canals that Charles Ora Card, founder of Cardston, had promised the Canadian government in return for more land grants to Latter-day Saint settlers.
Basking in the shadow of Chief Mountain and the Canadian Rockies range, the hamlet of Leavitt is located in a valley of rolling hills only miles from the U.S.-Canada border. Cattle ranching and agriculture make up most of the area's economy. The Latter-day Saint legacy still tinctures much of this area of Alberta. Much of the region's population is still heavily Latter-day Saint, which is typified by the large Cardston Alberta Temple in Cardston.
The Hamlet of Leavitt's first post office opened in 1900 with Walter Glenn the first postmaster; the post office closed permanently in 1968. During those 68 years, three Leavitt family members acted as postmaster. The founder of Leavitt, former sheriff Tom Leavitt, died in 1891. The Leavitt Chapel, a meetinghouse for the Leavitt Stake, was built in 1896, and remained in use until the 1950s.
Much of the area around Leavitt is sparsely settled.

</doc>
<doc id="20288981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20288981" title="Bukovica, Škofja Loka">
Bukovica, Škofja Loka

Bukovica (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Bukovica was attested in written sources in 1291 as "Bukkebitz" (and as "Bukkawitz" in 1318 and "Wukawicz" in 1485). "Bukovica" is a common toponym and oronym in Slovenia. It is derived from the adjective "bukov" 'beech' (from "bukev" 'beech tree') and originally referred to the local vegetation. In the 19th century the German name was "Wukouza".
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Florian.

</doc>
<doc id="20289011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20289011" title="FIRESTRIKE">
FIRESTRIKE

The FIRESTRIKE (also known as JHPSSL) laser, introduced by Northrop Grumman on November 13, 2008, is purportedly the first combat-ready solid-state laser weapon. FIRESTRIKE is a 15 kW modular laser "building block" which can be combined with other systems for specific missions, or 7 more FIRESTRIKEs for a single 100 kW laser. Bundled with Northrop Grumman's own LCSA power supply, the FIRESTRIKE can fire continuously as long as power and cooling are maintained.

</doc>
