<doc id="20470600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470600" title="Sir Robert Pattinson">
Sir Robert Pattinson

Sir Robert Pattinson (1872 - 4 December 1954) was the Chairman of Kesteven County Council for 20 years and briefly a Liberal MP.
Family and education.
The son of William Pattinson of Ruskington, Robert was educated at Carre's Grammar School in Sleaford and privately. He married Lucy, daughter of Henry Pratt of Lincoln in 1895. There were two sons and one daughter of the marriage.
His brother Samuel Pattinson (1870–1942) and his sister's husband Richard Winfrey (1858–1944) were both Liberal MPs; Samuel for Horncastle from 1922–24 and Richard for South West Norfolk from 1906–23, he also represented Gainsborough from 1923-24.
Career.
Pattinson was a railway contractor and a Director of Pattinson & Co. Ltd (Builders Merchants) of Sleaford.
Politics.
Lincolnshire politics.
For 50 years, Pattison was a member of Kesteven County Council, becoming its Chairman in 1934, the year he was knighted, and serving as Chairman until his death in 1954. He was High Sheriff of Lincolnshire in 1941. He served as Chairman of the Witham & Steeping Rivers Catchment Board and was appointed to be one of the original members of the River Board Areas Consultative Committee and a member Central Transport Board for Great Britain, 1948-54. He was an Alderman of Kesteven County Council and the first chairman of the Lincolnshire Archives Committee He also served as a Justice of the Peace and Deputy Lieutenant for the county.
The Robert Pattinson School in North Hykeham was named after him in 1953
Parliamentary politics.
For many years Pattison was an active member of the Liberal Party. At the 1918 general election he unsuccessfully contested the Grantham division, but was elected for the same constituency at the 1922 general election, defeating the sitting Conservative MP Colonel Edmund Royds with a majority of 425 votes. However, at the 1923 general election he was defeated by the Conservative candidate Victor Warrender.
In 1937 he was suggested as a possible candidate at the Holland with Boston by-election. As a well-known local man he was thought to be an acceptable candidate to both Liberal and Conservative Associations in the division. In fact he was reported to be the preferred candidate of the local Conservatives. The by-election was caused by the death of the sitting MP, Sir James Blindell, who had captured the seat for the Liberals in a by-election in 1929 and had later joined the Liberal Nationals. In the end Herbert Butcher of Peterborough, Chairman of the East Midlands Liberal National Area Council was chosen as the National Government candidate and successfully held the seat. Pattinson himself later formally joined the Liberal Nationals.
Death.
Pattinson died at his home, The Fosse House, in Lincoln on 2 December 1954 at the age of 82 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20470673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470673" title="Baṛī ye">
Baṛī ye

Baṛī ye is a form of the Arabic letter ye used in Urdu and some other Indian languages to denote a long "e" at the end of a word.

</doc>
<doc id="20470703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470703" title="Religion in Croatia">
Religion in Croatia

Freedom of religion is a right defined by the Constitution of Croatia, which also defines all religious communities as equal in front of the law and separate from the state. A large majority of the Croatian population declares themselves as religious believers.
Demographics.
According to the 2011 census the majority of Croatians (86.28%) are Catholics, while Orthodox Christians make up 4.44 percent of the population, Muslims 1.47 percent, and Protestants 0.34 percent of the population. 3.81% of Croatians are not religious and atheists, 0.76% are agnostics and sceptics, and 2.17% are undeclared. Croatia and Poland are the two most Catholic Slavic countries. In the Eurostat Eurobarometer Poll of 2005, 67% of the population of Croatia responded that "they believe there is a God". In a 2009 Gallup poll, 70% answered yes to the question "Is religion an important part of your daily life?"
Interaction between religious and secular life.
Public schools allow religious teaching in cooperation with religious communities having agreements with the state, but attendance is not mandated. Religion classes () are organized widely in public elementary and secondary schools, most commonly coordinated with the Catholic Church.
The public holidays in Croatia also include the religious festivals () of Epiphany, Easter Monday, Corpus Christi Day, Assumption Day, All Saints' Day, Christmas, and St. Stephen's or Boxing Day. The primary holidays are based on the Catholic liturgical year, but other believers are legally allowed to celebrate other major religious holidays.
Marriages conducted by the religious communities having agreements with the state are officially recognized, eliminating the need to register the marriages in the civil registry office.
Denominations.
The Roman Catholic Church in Croatia receives state financial support and other benefits established in concordats between the Government and the Vatican. The concordats and other government agreements with non-Roman Catholic religious communities allow state financing for some salaries and pensions for religious officials through government-managed pension and health funds.
The concordats and agreements also regulate public school catechisms and military chaplains.
In line with the concordats signed with the Roman Catholic Church and in an effort to further define their rights and privileges within a legal framework, the government has additional agreements with the following 14 religious communities:
Legal status.
The 2002 Law on the Legal Position of Religious Communities broadly defines religious communities' legal positions and covers such matters as government funding, tax benefits, and religious education in schools. Matters such as pensions for clergy; religious service in the military, penitentiaries, and police; and recognition of religious marriages are left to each religious community to negotiate separately with the Government.
Registration of religious groups is not obligatory; however, registered groups are granted "legal person" status and enjoy tax and other benefits. The law stipulates that to be eligible for registration, a religious group must have at least 500 believers and be registered as an association for 5 years. All religious groups in the country prior to passage of the law in 2002 were registered without having to meet these conditions; religious groups new to the country after passage of the law must fulfill the requirements for the minimum number of believers and time as an association. Religious groups based abroad must submit written permission for registration from their country of origin. Minister of Public Administration runs a Registry of religious organizations in Republic of Croatia, currently recognizing 62 religious communities ().

</doc>
<doc id="20470712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470712" title="Eela Craig">
Eela Craig

Eela Craig was an Austrian rock band of the 1970s and 1980s, that combined progressive rock with jazz and classical music influences as well as Christian lyrics. The band's name in English translates as 'without known meaning'.
History.
The band was founded in Linz in 1970, and recorded its first album entitled "Eela Craig" in 1971 with a circulation of 1,500. Critics compared this album with established bands such as Emerson, Lake & Palmer, King Crimson, Gentle Giant and Colosseum. The band had a few onstage performances with the Zürich Chamber Orchestra in 1972, which led to more performances in well known opera houses of Italy, Germany and Austria, uncommon venues for a rock band at the time.
The band signed a contract with Virgin Records in 1975, to release a number of singles and albums, including the Christian concept album "Missa Universalis", and a signature ethereal style cover version of Chris de Burgh's "A Spaceman Came Travelling", both released in 1978.
"Missa Universalis" was a musical translation of a (Catholic) high mass, which embraced lyrics in Latin, German, English and French languages. The compositions resembled the works of Anton Bruckner, mixed with elements of rock and electronic music. The premiere was performed at the "Brucknerfest" of the city of Linz and received positive acceptance.
The band was largely inactive between 1982 and 1986, but the two founding members produced solo music under the "Bognermayr/Zuschrader" name with "Bognermayr's" own New Age label "Erdenklang". 1987 saw the release of three singles, which were targeted to match the contemporary Pop Music style. Eela Craig released their last album "Hit or Miss" in 1987.
On 17 November 1995, the band reunited for a one-time live performance in Linz. At the same time, Hubert Bognermayr published a compilation of the band's music entitled "Symphonic Rock".

</doc>
<doc id="20470731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470731" title="C'est déjà ça">
C'est déjà ça

"C'est déjà ça" is a 1993 album recorded by French singer Alain Souchon. It was his eleventh album overall and was released on October 10, 1993. It achieved smash success in France where it remained for 100 weeks in the top 50, including one week at the top, and 108 weeks on the chart. It was also successful in Belgium (Wallonia). It provided two successful singles in France : "Foule sentimentale" (#1) and "L'Amour à la machine" (#21). The album was entirely written by the singer himself, while the music was composed by Laurent Voulzy, Jean-Claude Petit and Souchon's son, Pierre Souchon. 
Critical reception.
The album was certified a Diamond disc with over 1 million copies sold. It also earned several awards, notably earning Souchon the "Best male singer of the year" award at the 1994 NRJ Music Awards. In 1996, he also won the Vincent Scotto prize awarded by the SACEM for the song "Sous les jupes des filles". This song, not released as a single, was nevertheless much aired on the radio.
Track listing.
Source : "Allmusic".
Charts.
1 Re-issue

</doc>
<doc id="20470738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470738" title="Thatha Shamsa (Chattha)">
Thatha Shamsa (Chattha)

Thatha Shamsa Chattha () is a small village in the Hafizabad District of Punjab, Pakistan. It is located at an altitude of 210 metres (692 feet). It is the oldest village, believed to date to the Mughal era.
It consists of approximately 200 homes and 1500 people. Thatha Shamsa is situated on the bank of a canal that originates in the Headqadirabad Colony. Most of the land suffers from seams, making it unsuitable for cultivation, which caused many villagers to move to cities for work or to convert their lands into fish farms, which are now numerous in and around the village.
Thatha Shamsa is bounded by rivers and canals. The major canal that originates from the Chenab River at Qadirabad barrage is just west of the village, and the village is often threatened by floods during the monsoon season. The weather is usually ruthless and intolerable in the summer and winter but is amazing in the autumn and spring. The village is normally dry throughout the year. 

</doc>
<doc id="20470778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470778" title="Verena Wagner Lafferentz">
Verena Wagner Lafferentz

Verena Wagner Lafferentz (born 2 December 1920) is the fourth child and youngest daughter of Winifred and Siegfried Wagner and the granddaughter of German composer Richard Wagner.
Verena Wagner grew up in the Villa Wahnfried in Bayreuth and attended the Obernkirchener rural school. Adolf Hitler was a great fan of Wagner's music and became very close to Verena's mother, Winifred Wagner (there were even rumours that they would marry). Hitler also befriended her children and treated them as his own. 
Indeed, in 1940 Verena Wagner and Hitler were also rumoured to be romantically linked 
"Many people affirm that Hitler would gladly marry the granddaughter of Richard Wagner, twenty-year-old, vivacious Verena Wagner, who is a frequent visitor and vacation guest at his mountain snuggery, were he not opposed in principle to marriages between persons of such unequal ages. She has the reputation of being his most outspoken critic, telling him in unflattering words simple truths that no Cabinet member would dare utter."
In 1943 Verena Wagner married Bodo Lafferentz, a member of the Nazi Party from 1933 and a high-ranking officer (SS-Obersturmbannführer) of the SS from 1939. They had five children: Amélie (1944–), Manfred (1945–), Winifred (1947–), Wieland (1949–) and Verena (1952–).
In 2003 Verena Wagner Lafferentz attended the International Richard Wagner Congress held in Copenhagen, attending as guest of honour a performance of "Die Walküre" by the Royal Danish Opera with Queen Margrethe, Prince Henrik, the patron of the Wagner Congress, Wolfgang and Gudrun Wagner, and Birgit Nilsson. In February 2007 she opened, as guest of honour, a grand concert of her grandfather's works at Sofia in Bulgaria.
Verena Wagner Lafferentz is an honorary member of various international Wagner societies and is the vice-chairman of the Richard Wagner Foundation and a foundation board member of the Richard Wagner Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20470788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470788" title="Thatha shamsa">
Thatha shamsa

Thatha Shamsa Chattha (Urdu (ٹھٹھہ شمسہ چٹھہ) is a small village in the Hafizabad District of Punjab, Pakistan. It is located at 32° 15' 50N,73° 41' 40E with an altitude of 206 meters (679 feet). It is the oldest village which is believed to pre-date to Mughal era.
The village consists of approximately 200 homes, and total population of approximately 1500 as of 2008. It is situated on the bank of a canal that originates from the Barrage Qadirabad Colony. Most of the land suffers from seepage which make it unsuitable for cultivation. This is the reason many residents have been driven the away from village to either big city for work or converted their lands into fish farms. Presently the village is surrounded on all sides with fish farms. The village forms an artificial peninsula.
Thatha Shamsa is bounded by rivers and canals. The major canal that originates from Chenab River at Qadirabad barragein the west of the village. The River Chenab is a few miles away from village, and during monsoon weather the village faces a threat of flooding. The weather is usually intemperate in summer and winter but autumn and spring are mild. The weather is usually dry and humid but few rains due to monsoons in summer season. There are few rains in winter season due to Western depression.
Geography and climate.
Thatha Shamsa (Chattha) is bounded by river and canal. The canal, which runs parallel to thatha shamasa comes from the Qadirabad barrage and is west of Thatha Shamsa. The climate is mainly dry with rains in the summer due to the monsoons and there are also a few rains in the winter due to the western depression. The land is plain and good for agriculture and Fish Farming with plenty of water supply. formers have also dug many tube wells due to the undependable climate.
This village is gifted by nature with all the seasons, summer, winter,spring and very specifically monsoon rains. In olden times there used to be mangwi ( mean all the farmers get together to cultivate one of them,s land) this tradition is still kept intact by villagers despite there is mechanized farming in the village and life style has been transformed.
Transport.
There are no scheduled modes of transport in this village. Most of the time, the people have to travel towards Sooianwala or Hara Kote or Qadir Abad Colony to get the access to transport that travel to bigger cities of the Pakistan, like Lahore, Islamabad, Gujranwala, Hafizabad, Ali Pure Chattha etc. Recently the transport system has been improved by the provision of some special routes towards big cities of Punjab. For casual works, the villagers use motorcycle and bicycle as the most convenient and fast transport system.
Recreational Activities.
People of village have a limited choice for their recreational activities. Most of the time the people go to Qadirabad Colony and Hari Kote to enjoy the restaurants foods and for other activities. The villagers usually play football, crickets and Kabadi. In this regards Thatha Shamsa team has won many cricket tournaments which held in that region. But the lack of good playing grounds drive them to travel sometime 2 km to have their games.
Educational Institutes.
There are two primary schools which are funded and governed by Government of Punjab. Government Primary School for Boys (Headmaster Sh.Qamar-o-Zaman)and Government Primary School for Girls which is under consideration to be upgraded to Middle school in near future. As most the villagers are poor, so they send their children into these public schools. A few families in this village are richer, and they send their children to Private English medium School. Most children, after completing their primary education, move to Sooianwal town to get higher education.
Predominant Personalities.
muhammad aslam chattha 
muhammad usman chatha doctor
muhammad salman chatha doctor

</doc>
<doc id="20470796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470796" title="Edwin W. Clark">
Edwin W. Clark

Edwin W. Clark was a 19th century missionary to Nagaland, India.
Ministry in Nagaland.
E. W. Clark and his wife sailed from Boston on October 20, 1868 under the Baptist Missionary Union as Missionaries and Printers. The hills beyond their Sibsagar mission were the Naga Hills. The Nagas were known for their practice of headhunting.
They arrived in Sibsagar in March 1869. During their stay at Sibsagar the Clarks had opportunity of meeting some Nagas roaming in search of food. The Clarks developed a burden for the Nagas and wrote to the Home Mission Board in 1871: “Tribe upon tribe of Nagas are accessible to the Gospel. It is certainly painful for us at Sibsagar to be unable to lift our eyes without seeing these hills and thinking of them who have no knowledge of Christ.”
Clark sent an evangelist to penetrate the Naga Hills. The evangelist came down with nine others and they were baptized by Clark on November 11, 1872. Clark was at this time not permitted to enter Nagaland by the British Government and his own mission board was hesitant to approve his plan to enter the Naga Hills. On December 23, 1872 Clark organized the First Baptist Church at Molungkimong in Nagaland. 
It was an important day in Naga history when the first Baptist Church was formed. It is no wonder Clark knew his calling would henceforth be with the Nagas. “’I believe I have found my life-work,’ exclaimed Mr. Clark, as he entered the old press bungalow on his return from his twelve days’ absence in the wilds of barbarism.” 
The glorious moment for Clark was not without troubles. The village became divided over the new religion. Some felt that Clark could not be trusted because he had the same white face as the British military. The Nagas opposed anything that would promote alliance with the encroaching British power. Clark was determined to dedicate himself to the people and trust the Lord alone for protection. 
Clark concentrated on developing a good knowledge of the local language, their character and medicine. These skills proved helpful in soul winning and opened doors in many homes. Clark also would encourage the Nagas to pray for the sick and the recovery of a sick person would lead to a renunciation of animistic sacrifice. 
In 1894 Mulong became the center of missions to further the evangelization of the Naga tribes. Mulong is the first Christian village in Nagaland. Then in a later year Clark moved his mission center to Impur which is presently known as Ao Baptist Arogo Mungdang. 
In 1905 Clark saw a record one hundred and ninety baptisms. The work was truly blessed of God but Clark saw that better days were yet ahead. The Nagas were well aware that to accept Christianity would mean drastic changes in their social life. “Adherents of the old, cruel faith were quick to see that the gospel of peace and love would rapidly empty their skull houses and put to rout most of the old customs handed down from forefathers, for whom they held the greatest reverence. The missionaries presence and his teaching had spread like wildfire from mountain peak to peak and everywhere was fostered the suspicious spirit.”
Legacy.
Christianity brought an end to the practice of headhunting and destroyed most of the traditional culture and oral knowledge of the various Naga tribes. Clark’s vision for a Christian Nagaland came true, with the high price of destroying the Naga's indigenous culture. By 1980 the Naga population was 572,742 and the Baptist population was 185,987. 
Today the Census of India, puts the numbers of Christians to more than 90% of the population of Nagaland thus making it, with Meghalaya and Mizoram, one of the three Christian-majority states in India and the only state where Christians form 90% of the population. Nagaland is known as "the only predominantly Baptist state in the world." 
Although Clark succeeded in converting the Nagas today the entire Naga community are just name sake Christians and are heavy on their Animistic rituals with a little bit of Christianity thrown in. Animistic Naga tradition is now being used to promote tourism and the Hornbill festival is an example of promoting their rich Animistic roots.

</doc>
<doc id="20470898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470898" title="Aquiles Guzmán">
Aquiles Guzmán

Aquiles José Guzmán Matute. (born April 13, 1965 in Anzoátegui, Venezuela) is a former Venezuelan professional boxer. He is a former World Boxing Association (WBA) flyweight (112 lb) champion.
Professional career.
Guzman turned professional in 1985 and captured the WBA flyweight title in 1992 with an upset decision win over Yong-Kang Kim. He lost the belt in his first defense to David Griman by decision (scoring of judges) in 1994. He later challenged Saen Sor Ploenchit, Alimi Goitia, and Yokthai Sithoar for their respective belts but lost each fight.
Trivia.
Guzman is the only world champion to ever have finished his career with a losing record, retiring in 2001 with a record of 13-14-3 with 8 KO. 

</doc>
<doc id="20470908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470908" title="Commandants of the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School">
Commandants of the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School

The commanding officer of the United States Air Force Test Pilot School (USAF TPS) is known as its Commandant. The commandant manages the school which is a military unit that operates in a distinctly academic atmosphere. The position is usually held by a colonel selected by the Air Force Materiel Command (AFMC) commander although this authority may be delegated to the commander of the Air Force Flight Test Center (AFFTC). The commandant oversees all flying training, academic instruction, budgeting, and curriculum administration at the school. The commandant also chairs a board of officers that selects the school's students. The selection board consists of flight test squadron commanders with a majority of the board members being TPS graduates. Every three years, the commandant conducts a review of the school's curriculum with participation from flight test squadrons, the U.S. Naval TPS, and operational squadrons.
The school's mission is to produce experimental test pilots, flight test engineers, and flight test navigators to lead and conduct test and evaluation of aerospace weapon systems. The school was established on September 9, 1944 as the Flight Test Training Unit at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base (AFB) in Dayton, Ohio. To take advantage of the uncongested skies and superb flying weather, the school was moved on February 4, 1951 to its present location at Edwards Air Force Base in the Mojave Desert of Southern California. Edwards AFB is the home of the Air Force Flight Test Center and has been an integral part of flight testing for over fifty years. 
Between 1962 and 1972, the Test Pilot School expanded its role to include astronaut training for military test pilots. Thirty-seven TPS graduates of this era were selected for the U.S. space program, and twenty-six went on to earn astronaut's wings by flying in the X-15, Gemini, Apollo, and Space Shuttle programs. Although the school no longer trains astronauts, many TPS graduates since 1972 have been selected by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) for duties in space. The school encourages applications from civilians, personnel from other U.S. military services, and individuals from foreign countries. An exchange program allows selected students to attend other test pilot schools including the United States Naval Test Pilot School, the United Kingdom's Empire Test Pilots' School, and France's EPNER.
Commandants.
The following list provides a complete list of commandants of the USAF Test Pilot School. The table contains their name, rank, dates as commandant, the TPS class from which they graduated (if applicable), and notable events that occurred during their tenure at the school.
Notable alumni.
USAF TPS has produced many notable alumni including astronauts, record-setting aviators, and senior Air Force leaders.

</doc>
<doc id="20470928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470928" title="Kadhal 2 Kalyanam">
Kadhal 2 Kalyanam

Kadhal 2 Kalyanam (; "Love to Marriage") is an upcoming Tamil-language romantic comedy film directed by newcomer Milind Rau that stars debutante Sathya, brother of Tamil actor Arya, and Divya Spandana in the lead roles, whilst, Jayashree, Nagendra Prasad, Kasthuri and Anuja Iyer play pivotal roles. Noted film critic Baradwaj Rangan had written the dialogues, while Yuvan Shankar Raja composed the film's score and soundtrack. Pre-production works began by mid-2008, while the filming continued for over one year, being completed by July 2010 only. The film was jointly produced by Mirchi Movies and East Coast Entertainment. Though the movie was completed within two years, it still remains unreleased.
Production.
Both Arya and Sathya went through many scripts before selecting the script of "Kadhal 2 Kalyanam", in which Sathya would be essaying the role of a radio jockey. Sathya, after being assigned for the role, had visited Bollywood actor Anupam Kher's acting school in Mumbai to "hone his acting skills", before starting to shoot, besides sitting with and observing professional radio jockeys at a radio station. Divya Spandana signed the film in October 2008, shortly after completing her third Tamil film "Vaaranam Aayiram", describing her character as a "career-oriented, independent woman in the corporate world." Further more, former lead actress Jayashree was signed in November 2008 for a significant role, which would mark her comeback to feature films after a decade. In December 2008, Kasthuri was roped in to appear in a supporting role and play the wife to the character essayed by Nagendra Prasad, while John Vijay accepted to play a drunkard in the film. The film's shooting, however, got stalled midway in 2009 due to unknown reasons and was resumed in 2010 only.
Since a large part of the film would take place at a radio station, art director Rajeevan erected a radio jockey booth in Chennai. The film notably became the first film after 40 years to be shot at all the six most important shrines of the Hindu deity Muruga, the Six Abodes of Murugan ("Arupadaiveedu"), in Tamil Nadu, with a specially designed bus being used for the tour. One of the songs, "Vellai Kodi", was shot in Thiruchendur, one of the six towns of Murugan's abodes, with Nagendra Prasad choreographing the song, besides appearing himself in it, while "Thedi Varuven" was shot in Puducherry. In July 2010, two songs were canned; a "bachelor song" ("Naa Vetta Pora Aadu"), choreographed by Robert, was filmed at a farmhouse near Red Hills, in which Sathya and Divya, along with junior artists, took part, following which the last song ("Idhu Kadhalai Irunthidumo") was shot. Rajeevan had erected a special "jungle set" at AVM Studios for the song, which was choreographed under the direction of Dinesh. With the completion of the song, the shooting was eventually finished after one-and-a-half years.
After a long setback the film's producers, Mirchi Movies announced that shooting has been fully completed on May 29. The film began their promotional activity in June 2013 with the film's trailer was released June 1, 2013, while the film's release is anticipated to be around September.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack to the film was composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The songs were composed and recorded in 2009 and 2010, with Chinmayi during the release time stating that she had recorded her song more than two years back, and Yuvan Shankar citing that he had handed over the Master recording in September 2010. However, due to the long delay in the making of the film, the soundtrack album was released in March 2011 only, after several postponements. Though Sony Music released the album in a "soft audio launch" directly to stores on 18 March, a special launch was later held on Radio Mirchi where all songs were unveiled and airplayed, with Arya, Sathya and Milind participating.
The album features six songs overall, with Yuvan Shankar Raja himself, who stated on Twitter that the songs would be "young and fresh", having lent his voice for one of the songs. The album also features singer-composer Toshi Sabri's first song in Tamil, which was his second collaboration with Yuvan Shankar after the song "Seheri" in "Oy!". Telugu singer-actor Anuj Gurwara was also supposed to have to sung one song in the film, which however, was not featured in the soundtrack album. The song "Naa Vetta Pora Aadu" was co-sung by Ragini Sri, a participant in the second season of the reality-based singing competition Airtel Super Singer, however, she was falsely credited as Roshini in the first batch of CDs.

</doc>
<doc id="20470929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470929" title="Marie Guilleray">
Marie Guilleray

Marie Guilleray (born in August 1978) is a vocal performer, improviser and composer currently based in The Hague, Netherlands. 
She performs mainly in free improvisation, experimental and contemporary music. Her work focuses on vocal extended techniques, sound poetry, and the combination of voice and electronics. Currently she is a member of Royal improvisers Orchestra and works on various experimental, improvised and electronic music projects.

</doc>
<doc id="20470932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470932" title="Barnstormers Theatre">
Barnstormers Theatre

The Barnstormers Theatre is located in Tamworth, New Hampshire, and is the oldest ongoing professional summer theatre in the country. It was founded in 1931 by Francis Cleveland, the son of twenty-second president Grover Cleveland. It is one of the only professional theatres in the country that performs eight shows in eight consecutive weeks every summer.
History.
In 1931 Francis and Alice Cleveland founded the theatre company, along with their friend, Ed Goodnow. During the summer they would lead a company of resident actors around the region, performing different plays each night. In some cases they would literally storm barns, arriving in the afternoon to set up their scenery and lights in time for an evening performance.
After World War II the acting company purchased Kimball's Store on Main Street, across from the Tamworth Inn, and transformed the building into a theatre. Since then the theatre's acting company has kept the rigorous schedule of rehearsing one play by day, and performing another by night, from the end of June to the beginning of September. Francis Cleveland acted as Artistic Director until his death in 1995.
The theatre.
In 1998 The Barnstormers Theatre was renovated and winterized. It now seats 282 patrons, is heated and air conditioned, and hosts touring performances as well as producing summer theatre. Many of The Barnstormers' performances are classic comedies, murder mysteries, and musicals from the British and American stage. In 2006 the Barnstormers celebrated its 75th anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="20470941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470941" title="Floe Lake">
Floe Lake

Floe Lake is a lake in Kootenay National Park, British Columbia, Canada. The lake is only accessible by a 10.7km hiking trail that leaves from a marked trailhead on highway 93.
There is a backcountry campground at the lake as well as a Warden's cabin staffed by Parks Canada.
An image of Floe Lake appears on the wall of the International Arrivals at Customs Canada in the Calgary International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="20470945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470945" title="1980 New Orleans Saints season">
1980 New Orleans Saints season

The 1980 New Orleans Saints season was the team's 14th as a member of the National Football League. They were unable to improve on their previous season’s output of 8–8, winning only one game. The team failed to qualify for the playoffs for the fourteenth consecutive season and had the dubious distinction not only of winning only a single game, but winning it by a single point against the equally disappointing Jets, who like the Saints had widely been predicted before the season to advance to their first playoff appearance for over a decade. The 1991 Colts and 2000 Chargers later matched this embarrassment.
Disgruntled fans called their team “the Aints”, going so far as to show up to games wearing brown paper bags over their heads after their team was 0–12 and playing the Los Angeles Rams, to whom they lost 27–7. In embarrassment they called themselves the Unknown Fan (a spinoff from The Unknown Comic) in a practice that would become the trademark of disgruntled fans across various sports in the United States. Coach Nolan was fired after this game and then a most notable loss occurred in Week 14. Playing the San Francisco 49ers in Candlestick Park, the Saints charged out to a 35–7 lead at halftime, led by three touchdown passes from Archie Manning and a pair of one-yard touchdown runs from Jack Holmes. However, the 49ers would rally behind quarterback Joe Montana, who would rush for a touchdown and pass for two more. The 49ers would tie the game 35–35 on a fourth-quarter touchdown run by Lenvil Elliott and go on to win in overtime, 38–35, on a Ray Wersching Field Goal. The 28-point comeback by the 49ers was, at the time, the greatest comeback in NFL history, and currently remains the greatest comeback in NFL regular season history (the 1992 AFC Wildcard game between the Buffalo Bills and Houston Oilers is currently #1, with the Bills overcoming a 32-point deficit to win).
After equalling the 1976 Buccaneers’ single season losing streak and looking likely to become the first team to finish 0–16 when down 7–13 after three quarters on a day of winds and a wind chill-adjusted temperature of , quarterback Archie Manning threw a touchdown pass into the gale to Tony Galbreath to go ahead 14–13 and then another to win 21–20.
The 1980 Saints continue to hold the worst regular-season record by a team whose stadium hosted the Super Bowl that season (the Oakland Raiders went on to become the first wild card team to win the Super Bowl).
Only a handful of NFL teams went 1–15 after the 1980 Saints. The 1989 Dallas Cowboys, 1990 New England Patriots, 1991 Indianapolis Colts, 1996 New York Jets, 2000 San Diego Chargers, 2001 Carolina Panthers, 2007 Miami Dolphins, and the 2009 St.Louis Rams.

</doc>
<doc id="20470948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470948" title="Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs">
Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs

The Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs is the head of the Bureau of Legislative Affairs within the United States Department of State.

</doc>
<doc id="20470961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470961" title="Molly Erdman">
Molly Erdman

Molly Erdman (born 1974) is an American actress, author and improvisational comedian. She is most recognizable for her portrayal of Molly the "snarky wife" in Sonic television commercials. Erdman is a graduate of Tufts University, where she received a degree in Drama minoring in Political Science. She worked with the Tufts improv group Cheap Sox while attending the university. After graduating, she moved to Chicago to work with The Second City, where she appeared in three mainstage revues. She currently lives in LA and writes two blogs devoted to catalog parody, Catalog Living and its spin-off Magazine Living, and in 2012 published the coffee-table book "Catalog Living at Its Most Absurd: Decorating Takes (Wicker) Balls".

</doc>
<doc id="20470972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20470972" title="David Stone Martin">
David Stone Martin

David Stone Martin (1913–1992), born David Livingstone Martin, was an influential American artist best known for his illustrations on jazz record albums.
He attended the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and was greatly influenced by the line art of Ben Shahn. By 1950, Martin had produced more than 100 covers for Mercury, Asch, Disc and Dial record albums. Many assignments came from his long-time friend, record producer Norman Granz.
For various companies, Martin eventually created illustrations for more than 400 record albums. Many of these were simply line art combined with a single color. Martin's favorite tool was a crowquill pen which enabled him to do delicate line work. CBS-TV art director William Golden gave Martin many print ad assignments during the 1950s, and Martin soon expanded into illustration for "Seventeen", "The Saturday Evening Post" and other slick magazines of the 1950s and 1960s. His studio was located in Roosevelt, New Jersey, near his home there. 
Martin is represented in the Museum of Modern Art, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Art Institute of Chicago and the Smithsonian Institution. He died in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20471014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471014" title="CT3">
CT3

CT3 or CT-3 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20471025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471025" title="Efren Torres">
Efren Torres

Efren Torres (November 29, 1943 – February 25, 2010) was a Mexican boxer, who was world champion in the Flyweight division.
Torres was born in Guadalajara.
Pro career.
Known as "El Alacrán" (the Scorpion), Torres turned pro in 1961 and in 1969 after two unsuccessful bids at a major title defeated Susumu Hanagata by decision to capture the WBC flyweight title. He lost the belt in his first defense to Chartchai Chionoi by decision in 1970. He retired in 1972.
Honors.
Torres was inducted into the World Boxing Hall of Fame in the Class of 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20471029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471029" title="Argal">
Argal

Argal can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20471035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471035" title="Lake Seymour (Vermont)">
Lake Seymour (Vermont)

Lake Seymour is located in the town of Morgan in Orleans County, Vermont, an area known as the Northeast Kingdom. The lake was named for Israel Seymour, one of the original grantees. Natives called it Namagonic ("salmon trout spearing place"). It is one of only two deep, cold, and oligotrophic lakes in the Clyde River system.
The freshwater lake covers and is long and wide; its maximum depth is . It is shaped like a giant number "7". The lake is fed by two primary streams, an outlet from Mud Pond and Sucker Brook. The lake drains into Echo Pond, which empties into the Clyde River, Lake Memphremagog and, eventually, Canada's St. Lawrence River. 
A dam is used for hydroelectric power. Construction on the dam was completed in 1928. It has a normal surface area of . It is owned by Citizens Utilities Company.
The dam is made of stone with a concrete core. The foundation is soil. The height is with a length of . Maximum discharge is per second. Its capacity is . Normal storage is . It drains an area of . 
The dam was rebuilt in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20471119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471119" title="Paino Hehea">
Paino Hehea

Kelekolio Paino Hehea (born 2 January 1979) in Vani, Tonga) is rugby union footballer. His usual position is at lock. He currently plays for Rugby Calvisano after signing from Lyon OU.
Paino spent several seasons playing for Darlington Mowden Park R.F.C., a leading rugby union club in North East England. He played for Tonga at the 2011 Rugby World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20471206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471206" title="1980 St. Louis Cardinals (NFL) season">
1980 St. Louis Cardinals (NFL) season

The 1980 St. Louis Cardinals season was the 61st season the team was in the league. The team matched their previous output of 5–11. The team failed to reach the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season.

</doc>
<doc id="20471221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471221" title="Pokrajina št. 2">
Pokrajina št. 2

Pokrajina št. 2 ("Landscape No. 2") is a 2008 Slovenian film directed by Vinko Möderndorfer. The film appeared at the 65th Venice International Film Festival. It won the best film award at the 11th Slovenian Film Festival. 
The film deals with crimes by the Yugoslav Partisans in 1945 in post-World War II Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20471300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471300" title="Following My Own Tracks">
Following My Own Tracks

Following My Own Tracks is a single by The Whitlams from their second album, "Undeniably". It is one of seven songs written by Stevie Plunder on the album. Released on 2 June 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20471352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471352" title="Emil Hartmann">
Emil Hartmann

Emil Hartmann (1 February 1836, Copenhagen, Denmark – 18 July 1898, Copenhagen, Denmark) was a Danish composer, the eldest son of Johan Peter Emilius Hartmann and brother-in-law to Niels Gade and August Winding. His son Oluf Hartmann was a painter.
He got his first education from his father Johan Peter Emilius and brother-in-law Niels Gade. Already in early age, he began to compose. Then he studied at the University of Copenhagen. In 1858, he performed his first major work, when he and August Winding were given the task to compose music for August Bournonville's ballet "Fjeldstuen".
In 1859, he received scholarship and went on study tour to Germany, where he spent most time in Leipzig. After returning to Denmark, from 1861, he got a position of organist at the St. Johan Church in Copenhagen and from 1871 at the Christiansborg Palace Chapel.
List of works.
Here is an incomplete list of his works:

</doc>
<doc id="20471379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471379" title="Bill Schultz">
Bill Schultz

Bill Schultz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20471426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471426" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Arlington County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Arlington County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Arlington County, Virginia (including the interdependent cities of Falls Church and Alexandria). Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20471494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471494" title="Highgate, West Midlands">
Highgate, West Midlands

Highgate, West Midlands may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20471539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471539" title="Kelley Peak">
Kelley Peak

Kelley Peak is the name of two geographical features:

</doc>
<doc id="20471584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471584" title="The Girls Aloud Party">
The Girls Aloud Party

The Girls Aloud Party was a one-off Christmas variety show starring British girl group Girls Aloud, produced for ITV. The show was aired on 13 December 2008, in between "The X Factor" series finale and its results show.
All five members took part in the Show unlike their previous TV effort. The Show generally consisted of the group performing singles and unheard songs as well as intercepted with sketches and interaction with the audience.
Background.
Girls Aloud performed some of their biggest hits, as well as some tracks from their latest album, "Out of Control". James Morrison performed his track "Broken Strings" with Girls Aloud, while Kaiser Chiefs led into "Sound of the Underground" with their own track, "Never Miss a Beat". Along with performing, Girls Aloud performed comic skits in which Cilla Black and Julie Goodyear starred as Nicola Roberts's grandmother and Sarah Harding's mother.
Promotion.
On 11 November, the official Girls Aloud website ran a competition in which 100 entrants would win tickets to the show. The show was filmed in London on 2 December, as stated by the announcement.
The programme was first advertised during "The X Factor" on 29 November 2008.
Reception.
"The Girls Aloud Party" had approximately 8.37 million viewers (32.3%).
Cast.
The following are the special celebrity guests that appeared on the show:
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20471592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471592" title="CKGS-FM">
CKGS-FM

CKGS-FM is a French-language Canadian radio station located in Saguenay, Quebec. The station serves the borough of La Baie.
Owned and operated by 9202-1617 Québec Inc., it broadcasts on 105.5 MHz with an effective radiated power of 6,000 watts (class A). The station has a hot adult contemporary format and is currently largely automated. It is better known to be the home of controversial host Louis Champagne since November 2010.
The station was originally licensed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission in March 2007. However, because the applicant had requested the 99.9 FM frequency, which was adjacent to CKAJ-FM's newly licensed rebroadcaster on 99.7, the license was made conditional on the applicant submitting a new application for the use of a different frequency. CKGS-FM has later submitted an application to use 105.5 MHz, which was approved by the CRTC in August 2008.
On August 2, 2010, CKGS-FM applied to the CRTC to add a transmitter at Chicoutimi which would operate at 105.9 MHz. This application was denied on December 13, 2010. 
On July 3, 2012, 9202-1617 Québec inc. received approval from the CRTC to change CKGS-FM's frequency from 105.5 MHz to 105.7 MHz. 

</doc>
<doc id="20471611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471611" title="Treason Act 1543">
Treason Act 1543

The Treason Act 1543 (35 Hen 8 c 2) was an Act of the Parliament of England passed during the reign of King Henry VIII of England, which stated that acts of treason or misprision of treason that were committed outside the realm of England could be tried within England. Those convicted of high treason would have their estates confiscated by the King and then be hanged, drawn and quartered.
This Act received renewed attention in 1769, following protests against the Townshend Acts in colonial Boston. After determining that the 1543 Treason Act was still in effect, Parliament instructed Governor Francis Bernard of Massachusetts to gather evidence against Bostonians who might have committed acts of treason, so that they could be transported to England for trial. Colonial assemblies in British America passed resolutions against such an action, arguing that it would violate their constitutional right to a trial by jury of their peers.
No one in Massachusetts was arrested under the terms of the Treason Act, but the matter came up again in Rhode Island after the "Gaspée" Affair in 1772. Once again, officials were unable to obtain reliable evidence of treason.
The Act was repealed on 1 January 1968 by section 10(2) of, and Part I of Schedule 3 to, the Criminal Law Act 1967.
Other treason statutes passed in 1543.
The Act should not be confused with two other Acts, 35 Hen. 8 c. 1 and 3, which were also about treason and were passed in the same year. The first made it treason to refuse to take an oath against the Pope. The second made it treason to attempt to deprive the King of his royal title or of his title as Defender of the Faith and as Supreme Head of the Church in England and Ireland. Both forms of treason were abolished in 1547, but the latter was revived in the first year of the reign of Elizabeth I.

</doc>
<doc id="20471612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471612" title="Met My Match">
Met My Match

Met My Match is a single by The Whitlams from their second album, "Undeniably". It was released on June 2, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20471629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471629" title="Iggesund, Hudiksvall">
Iggesund, Hudiksvall

Iggesund is a locality situated in Hudiksvall Municipality, Gävleborg County, Sweden with 3,362 inhabitants in 2010.
Geography.
Iggesund is located 10 km south of Hudiksvall, 45 km north of Söderhamn and 70 km southeast of Ljusdal, with the Bothnian Sea to the east. The nearest bigger cities are Sundsvall (pop. 49,339) 92 km to the north, and Gävle (pop. 68,700) 126 km to the south.
History.
Iggesund was mentioned for the first time during the 15th century. At the time Iggesund consisted only of a few farms on both sides of the Iggåns.

</doc>
<doc id="20471647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471647" title="Frederik Holst (physician)">
Frederik Holst (physician)

Frederik Holst (14 August 1791 – 4 June 1871) was a Norwegian medical doctor. He was the first person to defend his doctoral thesis in Norway, in 1817, about the then common and now extinct skin disease "Radesyke". He is regarded as an important pioneer in medicine in Norway. He was appointed town physician in Christiania from 1817, and professor from 1824. His works had significant influence on the treatment of prisoners and of patients with mental disorders.
In 1831, he was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. Holst was the grandfather of the linguist Clara Holst.

</doc>
<doc id="20471675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471675" title="Gadeukbong">
Gadeukbong

Gadeukbong is a mountain in the county of Inje, Gangwon-do, in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20471730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471730" title="Gaeinsan">
Gaeinsan

Gaeinsan is a mountain in the counties of Inje and Hongcheon, Gangwon-do, in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20471753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471753" title="Joseph Wilson Vaka">
Joseph Wilson Vaka

Joseph Wilson Vaka (born 21 November 1980) in Kolofo'ou, Tonga) is rugby union footballer. He plays at outside centre or wing. He played for Havelock Sports Club in Sri Lanka in 2007 before moving to Japan. He was with the World Fighting Bulls in Kobe, Hyogo before he came to Toyota Shokki Shuttles in Kariya, Aichi where he currently resides.
References.
http://www.toyota-shokki.co.jp/sports/rugby/

</doc>
<doc id="20471760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471760" title="John Augustus Just">
John Augustus Just

Dr. John Augustus Just (January 9, 1854—September 13, 1908) was a German-born chemist and inventor. He is best known for his investigative work into recovery of precious metals from their ores and for completing the process for evaporating milk. For his scientific achievements, he was awarded a medal by the committee celebrating Berthelot’s 50th anniversary.
Just registered dozens of patents with the United States Patent Office. He also founded several companies in the Syracuse, New York area including the Just Mining and Extraction Company, the Just's Food Company, the Just Process Company and the Just Reduction Company. He belonged to numerous scientific societies, and his work in investigative chemistry gained him worldwide recognition.
Early life and education.
John Augustus Just claimed to have been born in Karlsbad, Germany; United States census records, however, indicate that he was born in the small town of Feilbingert in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. He was one of five children. Their parents were Christian and Julia (Steel) Just; Christian was a merchant, interested in coal-mining. 
Little is known about Just's early years; William Martin Beauchamp wrote that "John A. Just from early boyhood days manifested the strong mentality and love of scientific research which have gained him eminence as a chemist". He attended German public schools, Bonn University, the technology school at Zurich and Heidelberg University (from which he graduated as Doctor of Science at age 18). 
Immediately after graduation Just emigrated to New York following the war between Germany and France, leaving Antwerp in the spring of 1874 and arriving in New York shortly afterwards. Upon his arrival he lived in New York City for 13 years, working as a chemist for a large corporation. He continued to study chemistry at the Astor Library.
Marriage and family.
In 1886 Just moved to Syracuse, where he lived for the remainder of his life. He married Annie Laurie (Baughman) Just; however, the year and place of the marriage is unknown. He had a son, Morton C. Just, with a Canadian woman whose identity is unknown. Just and Annie had three children: John H., Mary H. and Alvah L.
In June 1902, Dr. Just purchased two building lots in Selkirk Beach (on the shore of Lake Ontario – not to be confused with the Selkirk near Albany) from Edmund Brown to build a summer cottage. No construction was done, and the lots were sold a short time later to Edwin M. Gallup of Syracuse. Just purchased the Tollner mansion in Pulaski, New York in April 1903. In August 1905, Just purchased the Bartels residence in Syracuse, taking possession after returning from a trip to Europe in November of that year and transferring ownership of the Tollner mansion to Mr. Bartels. At this time, his new house in Syracuse was valued at $40,000 and was viewed as one of the finest pieces of property on West Genesee Street.
Syracuse businesses.
Just's Food Company.
Under US Patent 764,294, Just began to employ his new method of evaporating milk into a dried powder. The technique (later known as the Just Milk Process) involves first treating a sample of milk with calcium chloride to reduce its acidity and then with alkaline hypochlorite to preserve the fatty acids in the finished product. The treated milk is then rolled between two large, horizontal steam-heated rollers. This action dries the milk; it is then scraped off and collected. 
Just was instrumental in founding Just's Food Company and the Just Milk Process, which was incorporated on November 15, 1902 with $10,000 in capital. The main product of the company was an infant food, which contained his famous evaporated milk and was praised for its lack of artificial ingredients. The formula was to be diluted in milk and was said to be “nearly like the natural food of an infant”. Physicians in Syracuse regarded it highly for its nutritional value claiming “It is in the proper physiological form and the right proportion to grow strong bones, steady nerves and hard, firm flesh”. 
Extensive testing was done on Just’s dried milk to analyze its nutritional value and purity. When compared with other forms of dried milk, the Just Process produced a product that was superior in vitamin and mineral content and solubility, and aided in preventing certain childhood diseases. The company was later bought by the Merrell-Soule Company, which became one of the largest dried-milk companies in the United States. Just sold the rights to his evaporation process to James Robertson Hatmaker, which became known as the "Just-Hatmaker Process".
Just Mining and Extraction Company.
Just's US Patent 814,294 was a new way to extract precious metals from their ores. Before his invention chlorinizing and roasting of the ore was required, which was found to be too costly in fuel, money and time. The new technique (also known as the Just process) was claimed to be much more efficient and hence, more attractive to mining executives. Just's process included chemical treatment of the ore, completely omitting the costly techniques used before. These chemicals extract the metal directly from the ore, dispensing it in the form of a fine metallic precipitate. This precipitate is washed and melted into ingots, while the extraction chemical is collected and reused. 
This development attracted some of the "largest and most expert mining operators of the century as well as capitalists who reckon their wealth by millions". The Just Mining and Extraction Company was incorporated on September 29, 1904 with $250,000 in financial capital. Its immediate success attracted mining expert Major J. M. Reynolds and United States Senators Richard F. Pettigrew of South Dakota and William Andrews Clark of Montana. After visiting Syracuse to analyze the company and its processes, the men decided to construct of a reduction plant in Tonopah, Nevada (an area rich in precious-metal ores). 
Given the success of Just's company, corporate growth was both necessary and inevitable. Mr. A. Wiswall, an associate of the company, told a newspaper reporter in Syracuse that "the Just Mining and Extraction Company is moving forward steadily without interruption and delay". On April 7, 1905, the Just Process Company was incorporated with capital of $1,000,000, and Just was elected scientific director of the new company. The name of the company was officially changed from the Just Mining and Extraction Company to the Just Process Company on March 10, 1910, following Just's death.
Later life and death.
In October 1905 Just and his wife traveled to Europe, touring England, Ireland, France, Italy and Switzerland. In Paris they met a mining engineer, who asked Just to visit the tin mines in Cornwall, England. During his visit to the mines, he collected a sample of ore and brought it back to Syracuse for experimentation. 
Just was appointed chairman of the Syracuse branch of the National Board of Health in June 1908. However, he was stricken with a chronic illness that year and spent much of his time at the family's summer home in Cazenovia, New York. Two weeks before his death, his condition further deteriorated; his family moved him to his Syracuse home where he died on September 13, 1908, aged 54 years. He is buried in Syracuse under the Just Monument, designed by his wife and sculpted by Charles E. Tefft.
Organizations.
John Augustus Just was a member of scientific organizations from many countries. These organizations include:
Patents.
Just was reported to have nearly 170 patents worldwide; the following are US patents (by number and date) registered under his name:

</doc>
<doc id="20471762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471762" title="Rutherglen by-election, 1964">
Rutherglen by-election, 1964

There was a by-election for the constituency of Rutherglen in the United Kingdom House of Commons in May 1964, not long before the 1964 general election.
It was a Labour gain from Conservative, the candidate was Gregor Mackenzie. Unlike some by-election gains it was held at the next general election and eventually became a fairly safe Labour seat, with Mackenzie as its MP until 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20471798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471798" title="Daulatpur, Sindh">
Daulatpur, Sindh

Daulatpur () is a town, north of Kazi Ahmed and south of Moro, in Nawabshah District of the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is also taluka headquarters. It lies on the main N-5 National Highway and is near the Indus River.
History.
It was at the forefront of the Movement for Restoration of Democracy (MRD) of 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20471814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471814" title="Arboretum d'Harcourt">
Arboretum d'Harcourt

The Arboretum d'Harcourt (11 hectares) is a historic arboretum located on the grounds of the 14th-century Château d'Harcourt in Harcourt, Eure, Haute-Normandie, France.
The arboretum is one of the oldest in France, dating to 1802 when Louis-Gervais Delamare acquired the castle and its grounds. He introduced pine cultivation on 200 hectares. After his death in 1827 the arboretum was bequeathed to the "Société royale d'agriculture", which in 1833 charged botanist François André Michaux to establish the arboretum. In 1852 North American species were planted, followed from 1855-1860 by those of Europe and Asia. Since 1999 the arboretum has been the property of the "Conseil Général du l'Eure", and today contains more than 3,000 woody plants representing about 470 species. The chateau's grounds also contain a forest of native and exotic species, with walking paths.

</doc>
<doc id="20471826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471826" title="La Vie Théodore">
La Vie Théodore

La Vie Théodore is a 2005 album recorded by French singer Alain Souchon. It was his eleventh studio album and was released on 2 September 2005. It achieved smash success in France where it remained for 66 weeks in the top 200, including two weeks at the top. It was also successful in Belgium (Wallonia) (#1) and hit a moderate success in Switzerland (#3). It provided two singles : "Et si en plus y'a personne" (#19 in France, #12 in Belgium) and "La Vie Théodore" (#68 in France). The album was almost entirely written by the singer himself, while the musics were composed by Laurent Voulzy and Souchon's son, Pierre Souchon, according to the songs. The album's name is a tribute to Théodore Monod.
Track listing.
Source : "Allmusic".

</doc>
<doc id="20471834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471834" title="List of spouses of the presidents of Brazil">
List of spouses of the presidents of Brazil

The First Lady or First Gentleman of Brazil (Portuguese: "Primeira-dama do Brasil") is the spouse of the President of Brazil. If the holder of the title is a woman, she can be referred to by the honorific title "Dona".

</doc>
<doc id="20471881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471881" title="Alma Moodie">
Alma Moodie

Alma Templeton Moodie (12 September 1898 –7 March 1943) was an Australian violinist who established an excellent reputation in Germany in the 1920s and 1930s. She was regarded as the foremost female violinist during the inter-war years, and she premiered violin concertos by Kurt Atterberg, Hans Pfitzner and Ernst Krenek. She and Max Rostal were regarded as the greatest proponents of the Carl Flesch tradition. She became a teacher at the Hoch Conservatory in Frankfurt. However, Alma Moodie made no recordings, and she appears in very few reference sources. Despite her former renown, her name became virtually unknown for many years. She appeared in earlier editions of Grove's and Baker's Dictionaries, but does not appear in the more recent editions.
Biography.
The facts of Alma Moodie's life are often unclear from what little references to her appear in modern sources. Both the 5th edition of Grove's Dictionary (her article was written by Frank Bridge), and the 5th edition of Baker's Dictionary (ed. Nicolas Slonimsky) say she was born in Brisbane, Queensland on 12 September 1900. However, other sources say she was born in Mount Morgan or in Rockhampton on 12 September 1898. She grew up in Mount Morgan, only 28 km from Rockhampton (Brisbane is almost 700 km distant), so a birth in either Rockhampton or Mount Morgan seems more likely.
She was an only child. Her father, an ironmonger from Ayrshire, Scotland, died when she was one year old. Her mother, a music teacher, was the daughter of Irish immigrants.
She studied violin at Mount Morgan, being taught initially by her widowed mother from a very young age, and from the age of 5 by Louis D’Hage in Rockhampton. She appeared in public recitals at age 6. In 1907, aged 9, she gained a scholarship to the Brussels Conservatory, where she studied with Oskar Back for three years, under the general guidance of César Thomson (later, when she had achieved fame, Back and Thomson would both claim to have been her primary teacher). She was accompanied by her mother, who remained with her until her death when Alma was aged 20. In 1913 she was recommended to Max Reger, who, after hearing her play, wrote to his patron Duke George of Sachsen-Meiningen:
In Meiningen, Eisenach and Hildburghausen Alma Moodie played concertos with Reger conducting, and she appeared in recital with him. Reger also recommended her to other concert organisers. In 1914, he dedicated to her his "Präludium und Fuge" for solo violin, Op. 131a, No. 4. The Regers had no children, and Max and Alma became like father and daughter for some time. Her mother had planned to return to Australia, leaving Alma in the care of Max and Elsa Reger, but the start of World War I meant she could not leave Europe. The Moodies stayed in Meiningen for the first few months of the war, and then moved to Brussels. Reger died in 1916, without ever seeing Alma again. Times were very hard in Brussels for Alma and her mother. Alma became thin and ill, and claimed she did not touch her violin for four years. Her mother died of consumption or influenza in the spring of 1918.
Alma returned to Germany in October 1918, where she lived in a 12th-century castle in the Harz mountains as ward of Fürst Christian Ernst zu Stolberg und Wernigerode. It is not known how she came to be associated with him. However, it was while here that she met her future husband. She wanted to resume her violin playing, which had badly deteriorated during the war, and made contact with Carl Flesch in November 1919, who agreed to accept her as a pupil. She continued having lessons with Flesch throughout her travelling career and after the birth of her son. Flesch had a special fondness for Alma Moodie (he wrote 'amongst all the pupils in my course I liked Alma Moodie best').
She made Germany her home, and never returned to Australia. In Berlin on 6 November 1919, with the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra under Max von Schillings, she premiered the Violin Concerto in E minor, Op. 7 of Kurt Atterberg. In the 1922-23 season, she played ninety concerts, seventy of them in seven months, in a tour that took her to Switzerland, Italy, Paris, Berlin, and 'the Orient'.
From 1922 (or earlier), the Swiss businessman Werner Reinhart became a driving force in her career and she became a regular visitor to his homes in Winterthur and other places, where she came into contact with most of the prominent names in the contemporary music scene of the day. It was Reinhart who gave her a Guarnerius violin that had previously been owned by Fritz Kreisler. Through Reinhart, in 1923 she met the poet Rainer Maria Rilke, who was greatly impressed with her playing. He wrote in a letter: "What a sound, what richness, what determination. That and the "Sonnets to Orpheus", those were two strings of the same voice. And she plays mostly Bach! Muzot has received its musical christening..." And it was through Reinhart that she attended and performed at many of the International Society for Contemporary Music (ISCM)'s festivals.
She championed the music of Hans Pfitzner and he dedicated his Violin Concerto in B minor, Op. 34 (1923) to her. She premiered it in Nuremberg, on 4 June 1924, with the composer conducting. Moodie became its leading exponent, and performed it over 50 times in Germany with conductors such as Pfitzner, Wilhelm Furtwängler, Hans Knappertsbusch, Hermann Scherchen, Karl Muck, Carl Schuricht, and Fritz Busch. At that time, the Pfitzner concerto was considered the most important addition to the violin concerto repertoire since the first concerto of Max Bruch, although it has slipped from the repertoire of most violinists these days.
Between 1921 and her death in 1943, Alma Moodie often appeared with the Latvian pianist and composer Eduard Erdmann, for example in Pfitzner's Violin Sonata, which was dedicated to Moodie. Erdmann's own Sonata for Solo Violin, Op. 12 (1921) was dedicated to her, and she premiered it in Berlin in October 1921. The Australian-English critic Walter J. Turner wrote of a recital he heard them play in London in April 1934, 'it was the best violin piano duo that I have ever heard'. Their last concert together was given on 4 March 1943, three days before her death, when they were in the middle of the cycle of Beethoven sonatas.
Ernst Krenek married Anna Mahler (the daughter of Gustav Mahler) in March 1924, when Krenek was completing his Violin Concerto No. 1, Op. 29. Alma Moodie assisted Krenek, not with the scoring of the violin part, but with getting financial assistance from Werner Reinhart at a time when there was hyper-inflation in Germany. In gratitude, Krenek dedicated the concerto to Moodie, and she premiered it on 5 January 1925, in Dessau. In the meantime, Krenek's marriage to Anna Mahler had collapsed, and their divorce became final a few days after the premiere. Krenek did not attend the premiere, but he did have an affair with Moodie which has been described as "short-lived and complicated". He never managed to hear her play the concerto, but he did "immortalize some aspects of her personality in the character of Anita in his opera "Jonny spielt auf"". Krenek also dedicated his Sonata for Solo Violin, Op. 33 to Alma Moodie in 1924.
Igor Stravinsky arranged a suite of excerpts from "Pulcinella" for violin and piano, calling it "Suite from themes, fragments and pieces by Pergolesi". Alma Moodie premiered it with the composer in Frankfurt on 25 November 1925, and they played it on a number of other public occasions. They also played it at Werner Reinhart's home in Winterthur. Stravinsky described her as "excellent". He may also have intended a pair of arrangements from "The Firebird" with Moodie in mind.
Arthur Nikisch wrote of her to Carl Flesch from Leipzig in December 1925: "For me, this girl is a phenomenon artistically so delightful that I regard it as my natural duty to promote the interests of this blessed creature as much as I am able". Leopold Auer also heard her and held her in very high regard.
Alma Moodie was considered one of the most important interpreters of Brahms's works for violin. Hermann Reutter quotes her as saying "One must be at least forty to understand the greatness and depth of expression in Brahms' music." Reutter participated in many concerts with Alma Moodie, and dedicated his "Rhapsodie" for violin and piano, Op. 51 (1939), to her.
On 18 December 1927, she married Alexander Balthasar Alfred Spengler, a German lawyer, becoming the third of his six wives, and they had two children. They initially lived in Cologne. He was indifferent to her career, and she was tired from incessant travelling, so she performed less often after that. She taught violin at the Hoch Conservatory in Frankfurt, where she continued Carl Flesch's teaching tradition. Her students included Maria Thomán (daughter of István Thomán), Leah Luboschutz, May Harrison, Irma Seyde and Thelma Given.
Spengler was often travelling abroad, doing work for the Nazi regime in occupied countries; when he was home, he was demanding and unfaithful. Alma took to drinking and smoking, and found that she needed sleeping pills; later, her bow arm started to tremble uncontrollably, leading to more drinking and more sleeping pills.
Alma Moodie died on 7 March 1943, aged only 44, during an air raid on Frankfurt, although the bombs were not the cause of her death. A doctor reported that she died accidentally of a thrombosis brought on by the mixture of alcohol and pills she had taken, but a number of her close friends believed she suicided. Her obituary by the critic Karl Holl concluded: "Her violin playing has been silenced. But it leaves behind a ring of rare purity. Her name will always remain as that of a feminine personality in the history of music".
Concerto performances.
In addition to the performances mentioned above, Alma Moodie's appearances included:
Posthumous recognition.
In 1943, Karl Höller wrote his Violin Sonata No. 2 in G minor, Op. 33 in memory of Alma Moodie.
The Australian composer David Osborne wrote a violin concerto titled "Pictures of Alma", which was premiered on 30 May 2010 by Rochelle Bryson and the Raga Dolls Salon Orchestra, at the Iwaki Auditorium, ABC Southbank Centre, Melbourne. Osborne explained in a pre-performance interview broadcast on ABC Classic FM that the work sought to depict Alma Moodie in music at various stages of her life. He named it "Pictures of Alma" as he understood there were no surviving visual pictures of her, but he has since learned there are.

</doc>
<doc id="20471882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471882" title="Ronald Jones (cricketer)">
Ronald Jones (cricketer)

Ronald Jones (born 9 September 1938) is a former English cricketer who played a single game of first-class cricket, for Worcestershire against Cambridge University in 1955, in which he scored 2 and 23.

</doc>
<doc id="20471890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471890" title="Fluorosurfactant">
Fluorosurfactant

Fluorosurfactants, or fluorinated surfactants, are synthetic organofluorine chemical compounds that have multiple fluorine atoms. They can be polyfluorinated or fluorocarbon-based (perfluorinated). As surfactants, they are more effective at lowering the surface tension of water than comparable hydrocarbon surfactants. They have a fluorinated "tail" and a hydrophilic "head." Some fluorosurfactants, such as PFOS, are detected in humans and wildlife.
Physical and chemical properties.
Fluorosurfactants can lower the surface tension of water down to a value half of what is attainable by using hydrocarbon surfactants. This ability is due to the lipophobic nature of fluorocarbons, as fluorosurfactants tend to concentrate at the liquid-air interface. They are not as susceptible to the London dispersion force, a factor contributing to lipophilicity, because the electronegativity of fluorine reduces the polarizability of the surfactants' fluorinated molecular surface. Therefore, the attractive interactions resulting from the "fleeting dipoles" are reduced, in comparison to hydrocarbon surfactants. Fluorosurfactants are more stable and fit for harsh conditions than hydrocarbon surfactants because of the stability of the carbon–fluorine bond. Likewise, perfluorinated surfactants persist in the environment for that reason.
Economic role.
Fluorosurfactants play a key economic role for companies such as DuPont, 3M, and W. L. Gore & Associates because they are used in emulsion polymerization to produce fluoropolymers. Fluorosurfactants have two main markets: a $1 billion annual market for use in stain repellents, and a $100 million annual market for use in polishes, paints, and coatings. DuPont has had legal liabilities over the fluorosurfactant C8/PFOA due to contamination of a population.
Health and environmental concerns.
Some fluorosurfactants have caught the attention of regulatory agencies because of their persistence, toxicity, and widespread occurrence in the blood of general populations and wildlife, such as perfluorooctanesulfonic acid (PFOS), perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA), and perfluorononanoic acid (PFNA). As studies give evidence that longer fluorosurfactants are more bioaccumulative and toxic, some companies are marketing shorter fluorosurfactants. For example, 3M is marketing two fluorosurfactants based upon the 4 carbon perfluorobutanesulfonic acid.

</doc>
<doc id="20471895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471895" title="1979 Dallas Cowboys season">
1979 Dallas Cowboys season

The 1979 Dallas Cowboys season was their 20th in the league. The team was unable to improve on their previous output of 12–4, winning only eleven games. They qualified for the playoffs, but lost in the Divisional round. 
The Cowboys still possessed a great offense, but suffered defensive losses as defensive tackle Jethro Pugh and safety Mark Washington retired, safety Charlie Waters missed the season with injury, Ed "Too Tall" Jones left the team while he embarked on a professional boxing career (Jones would return in 1980), and Thomas "Hollywood" Henderson was cut in November for erratic play and behavior. The season began 8–2 before a three-game losing streak placed the season in jeopardy (one of the three being a 30–24 loss to Houston in which Oilers coach Bum Phillips declared the Oilers as "Texas's Team"). The team rallied to win their final three to finish at 11–5 and gain the number one seed in the NFC. 
In the season's final regular season game against the Redskins, with the NFC East Title at issue, Roger Staubach rallied the Cowboys from a 34–21 deficit in the last four minutes to win, 35–34. It turned out to be Staubach's last win. The Cowboys were upset at home in the divisional playoff by the Rams and Staubach retired after the season. 
Season summary.
Week 16: vs. Washington Redskins.
The Cowboys won their fifth straight division title and knocked Washington out of the playoffs. 

</doc>
<doc id="20471935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471935" title="Gamaksan (Gangwon)">
Gamaksan (Gangwon)

Gamaksan is a South Korean mountain that extends across the city of Wonju, Gangwon-do, and Jecheon, Chungcheongbuk-do. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20471947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471947" title="Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor">
Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor

The Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor is the head of the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor within the United States Department of State. The Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor reports to the Under Secretary of State for Democracy and Global Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20471981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20471981" title="National Highway 28A (India)">
National Highway 28A (India)

National Highway 28A (NH 28A) is a short Indian National Highway entirely within the state of Bihar.However the condition of road in Raxaul which leads to Nepal has miserable condition and the government is not ready to do anything. This long highway links Pipra on NH 28 to Raxaul near Indo-Nepal International border. 

</doc>
<doc id="20472011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472011" title="Soldier of Love (Lay Down Your Arms)">
Soldier of Love (Lay Down Your Arms)

"Soldier of Love (Lay Down Your Arms)" is a 1962 song, written by Buzz Cason and Tony Moon, originally recorded by soul artist Arthur Alexander, appearing as a B-side to his single "Where Have You Been". The song was later covered by The Beatles during a 1963 session on the BBC, that is available on the album "Live at the BBC"; by Marshall Crenshaw on his debut album; and by Pearl Jam for the album, "", with their version appearing as a B-side to their cover of "Last Kiss". It was also covered by The Derailers on their 2006 album "Soldiers Of Love", which was produced by Cason.

</doc>
<doc id="20472012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472012" title="2010 European Men's Handball Championship">
2010 European Men's Handball Championship

The 2010 EHF European Men's Handball Championship (9th tournament) was held in Austria from 19–31 January, in the cities of Vienna, Graz, Innsbruck, Linz and Wiener Neustadt.
Venues.
5 Austrian cities have been selected to host the 2010 Championship. The venues in Linz, Graz and Wiener Neustadt were only used during the preliminary round. The fourth venue to be used in this round was located in Innsbruck, and was also one of the two venues in the main round. The other being Wiener Stadthalle in Vienna, which was the only venue to be used in the final round.
Qualification.
Qualification matches were played in 2008 and in 2009. For the first time, in qualification round all teams are included, except host Austria and defending champion Denmark. Teams were divided in 7 groups and top two teams from each group qualifyd to European Championship.
Seeding.
The draw for the final tournament took place 19:00 CET on 24 June 2009 at the Liechtenstein Museum in Vienna.
Preliminary round.
In the following tables:
The teams placed first, second and third (shaded in green) qualified to the main round.
Group A (Graz).
All times are Central European Time (UTC+1)
Group B (Linz).
All times are Central European Time (UTC+1)
Group C (Innsbruck).
All times are Central European Time (UTC+1)
Group D (Wiener Neustadt).
All times are Central European Time (UTC+1)
Ranking and Statistics.
Other awards.
Source: ehf-euro.com
Top goalkeepers.
Source: EHF
Top goalscorers.
Source: EHF

</doc>
<doc id="20472047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472047" title="St. Martin's Church (Starkenburg, Missouri)">
St. Martin's Church (Starkenburg, Missouri)

St. Martin's Church is a historic Catholic church building in Starkenburg, Montgomery County, Missouri in the Diocese of Jefferson City. It is now part of a religious complex near the Shrine of Our Lady of Sorrows. The church is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
History.
German Catholic immigrants to the Missouri Rhineland had established a community here as early as 1852, worshiping in a log cabin. The stone church was constructed in 1873, with an addition and tower added in the 1890s.
The parish of St. Martin's at Starkenburg was merged in 1979 with St. Joseph's at Rhineland to form the Church of the Risen Savior in Rhineland, which continues to administer the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20472053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472053" title="Xylopia emarginata">
Xylopia emarginata

Xylopia emarginata is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. 
It is native to Cerrado vegetation in Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="20472068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472068" title="Xylopia brasiliensis">
Xylopia brasiliensis

Xylopia brasiliensis is a species of plant in the family Annonaceae. 
It is native to Atlantic Forest and Cerrado ecoregions in eastern and southern Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="20472073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472073" title="SM U-23 (Austria-Hungary)">
SM U-23 (Austria-Hungary)

SM "U-23 or U-XXIII" was a or U-boat built for and operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy () during the First World War. The design for "U-23" was based on submarines of the Royal Danish Navy's "Havmanden" class (three of which had been built in Austria-Hungary), and was largely obsolete by the beginning of the war.
"U-23" was just over long and was armed with two bow torpedo tubes, a deck gun, and a machine gun. In February 1918, "U-23" was sunk with all hands by the Italian torpedo boat "Airone" while attempting an attack on the Italian transport . "U-23" had no wartime successes.
Design and construction.
When it became apparent to the Austro-Hungarian Navy that the First World War would not be a short one, they moved to bolster their U-boat fleet by seizing the plans for the Danish "Havmanden" class submarines, three of which had been built at Whitehead & Co. in Fiume. Although the Austro-Hungarian Navy was not happy with the design, which was largely obsolete, it was the only design for which plans were available and which could be begun immediately in domestic shipyards. The Austro-Hungarian Navy unenthusiastically placed orders for "U-23" and her three sister boats on 27 March 1915.
"U-23" was one of two boats of the class to be built at the Hungarian UBAG yard in Fiume. Due to demands by the Hungarian government, subcontracts for the class were divided between Hungarian and Austrian firms, and this politically expedient solution worsened technical problems with the design, resulting in numerous modifications and delays for the class in general.
"U-23" was an ocean-going submarine that displaced surfaced and submerged and was designed for a complement of 18. She was long with a beam of and a draft of . For propulsion, she featured a single shaft, a single diesel engine for surface running, and a single electric motor for submerged travel. She was capable of while surfaced and while submerged. Although there is no specific notation of a range for "U-23", the "Havmanden" class, upon which the "U-20" class was based, had a range of at , surfaced, and at submerged.
"U-23" was armed with two torpedo tubes located in the front and carried a complement of two torpedoes. She was also equipped with a 66 mm/26 (2.6 in) deck gun and an machine gun.
Service career.
"U-23" was launched on 5 January 1917, but It is not known with certainty when "U-23" was commissioned. Author Paul Halpern reports that "U-23" and her three sisters all entered service between August and November 1917. Although there are no specific reports of problems with "U-23", the "U-20" class as a whole suffered from unreliable engines which compounded the poor handling characteristics of the boats.
On 21 February 1918, "Linienschiffsleutnant" Klemens Ritter von Bézard, "U-23"s only commanding officer, was guiding the boat in an attack on the Italian transport in the Straits of Otranto. "U-23" came under attack by the Italian torpedo boat "Airone" which first tried to ram the U-boat, and then deployed an explosive paravane. When the paravane contacted the submerged "U-23", it blew debris into the air, sinking the submarine with all hands. Like all of her sister boats, "U-23" had no wartime successes.

</doc>
<doc id="20472093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472093" title="Xylopia aromatica">
Xylopia aromatica

Xylopia aromatica is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. 
It is a tree native to Cerrado grassland vegetation, particularly in the states of Goiás and Minas Gerais, in eastern Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="20472102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472102" title="Emil Selenka">
Emil Selenka

Emil Selenka (Braunschweig, February 27, 1842 - Munich, February 20, 1902) was a German zoologist. He is known for his research on invertebrates and apes and the scientific expeditions he organized to Southeast Asia and South America.
Selenka was the son of bookbinder Johannes Selenka (1801-1871). He studied natural history at the University of Göttingen, and following a graduate dissertation on Holothuroidea, he remained in Göttingen as an assistant to Wilhelm Moritz Keferstein (1833-1870). His research was in this period mainly on the anatomy, taxonomy and embryology of marine invertebrates, especially organisms from the phylum Echinodermata. In 1868 he became a professor of zoology and comparative anatomy at the University of Leiden, followed by a professorship at the University of Erlangen in 1874. In 1895 he was given an honorary professorship at the University of Munich. He was co-founder of the journal "Biologisches Zentralblatt".
His later research was on mammals. He studied the early development of the embryo and the development of the germ layer in mammals, and did comparative anatomic research on apes, especially gibbons and orangutans. He found evidence that the lateral distribution of orangutan races was caused by geographic isolation (a process called allopatric speciation). Selenka also examined the evolution of marsupials and their morphologic relation with reptiles. One problem he was intereted in, was the evolutionary relation between Australian and South American marsupials.
In order to collect material, Selenka organized expeditions to tropical countries. In 1877 he undertook an expedition to Brasil. From 1892 he led an expedition that lasted two years to Southeast Asia, it visited Ceylon, the Dutch East Indies, Japan, China and Australia. Among the participants was his second wife, the zoologist and feminist Margarethe Selenka (1860-1922), with whom he was married in 1893. When Selenka became severely ill during his stay in the Dutch East Indies and had to return to Germany, his wife continued exploring the jungles of Borneo by herself. The couple wrote a report of their journeys together, titled ""Sonnige Welten- Ostasiatische Reiseskizzen"". Other publications by Emil Selenka are:

</doc>
<doc id="20472108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472108" title="Ars Flores Symphony Orchestra">
Ars Flores Symphony Orchestra

Ars Flores Symphony Orchestra is a mentoring orchestra that performs a challenging classical repertoire, as well as nurtures a variety of other musical genres through performance, public master classes, community involvement, and an annual concerto competition open to secondary- and conservatory-level musicians. Ars Flores Symphony Orchestra also mentors extraordinarily talented young artists, affording them the opportunity to initiate their professional musical careers in an array of venues like the Rose and Alfred Miniaci Performing Arts Center, the Amaturo Theater at the Broward Center for the Performing Arts and the Lincoln Theater on South Beach's famed Lincoln Road.
Ars Flores is also the resident orchestra of Nova Southeastern University.
Ars Flores' popular Music for Munchkins series was launched in October 2004. Music for Munchkins concerts are held mid-morning and are 30-minutes, followed by receptions of juice and Munchkin donut holes. Conductor Dr. Lynn Luce, affectionately known as Dr. Mom, interacts with the young audience during the performance and teaches some basic principles of classical music in a light-hearted fashion. The friendly Maestro has some tricks up her sleeve to entertain this special audience. These child-friendly concerts are sure to endear young listeners to orchestral music, cultivating the concert-goers of tomorrow.
Ars Flores' master classes are teaching forums where an experienced musician instructs and critiques a few select musicians in a public group setting. These master classes are open to the public at no charge and offer keen insight into how musical knowledge is passed from one generation to the next. Concert goers who wish to learn more about music might enjoy attending a master class. A parent with a child interested in music could stimulate and enhance that interest by bringing the young musician to a master class.
Ars Flores' Board of Directors includes Jens Moe, Chair, Burt Luce, Vice Chair, Robert Andai, Judy Frishman, Dr. Nadine Girgis, Ellen Itzler, George Lopes, Dr. Lynn Luce, Dr. Terri Mitchell and Maria Mosley.
Ars Flores Symphony Orchestra is sponsored by Broward County, Florida, The Miami Herald, Bank Atlantic, the Hagen Family Foundation, Wal-Mart, Hugh's Catering, Cultural Affairs of Miami-Dade County, Nova Southeastern University, Florida Arts & Culture Division of Cultural Affairs, The Children's Trust, Miami-Dade College's North Campus, Miami-Dade County's Cultural Affairs, the Chopin Foundation of the United States and Air Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20472132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472132" title="Xylopia grandiflora">
Xylopia grandiflora

Xylopia grandiflora is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. 
It is native to Cerrado vegetation in Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="20472147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472147" title="Xylopia sericea">
Xylopia sericea

Xylopia sericea is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. 
It is native to Cerrado vegetation in Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="20472181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472181" title="Anne Brown (game designer)">
Anne Brown (game designer)

Anne Brown is a writer and editor in the role-playing game industry.
Career.
Brown began working as an Assistant editor for "Dragon" magazine in 1989, on issues #147 to #151 (July–November 1989). She was later transferred to TSR's Games Division. She worked mostly as an editor, although she did design a number of modules and supplements including "Falcon's Revenge", "Falconmaster", and "Flames of the Falcon" (Greyhawk, 1990, with Richard W. Brown), "Ship of Horror" (Ravenloft, 1991), "Unsung Heroes" (Dragonlance, 1992), "Aurora's Whole Realms Catalog" (Forgotten Realms, 1992), and "Children of the Night: Ghosts" (Ravenloft, 1997). Brown was a vocal advocate within TSR of the Greyhawk setting, and designed the "Player's Guide to Greyhawk" (1998). Brown's "Player's Guide to Greyhawk" and Roger E. Moore's "Return of the Eight" and "The Adventure Begins" returned TSR to Greyhawk, and according to Shannon Appelcline "moved the setting's metaplot well beyond the Greyhawk Wars to a new era that that was lighter and more magical than that of "From the Ashes"".
Brown left TSR in August 1997, and did work for Fast Forward Entertainment from 2002-2003. She has also written educational nonfiction books for middle schoolers.

</doc>
<doc id="20472187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472187" title="Garibong">
Garibong

Garibong is a mountain in the county of Inje, Gangwon-do, in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20472216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472216" title="Laser Tank (disambiguation)">
Laser Tank (disambiguation)

The Laser Tank is a fictional vehicle in the Space 1999 television series.
Laser Tank may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20472226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472226" title="Minuscule 2813">
Minuscule 2813

Minuscule 2813 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 151 parchment leaves (11.9 cm by 9.5 cm). Dated paleografically to the 13th century. 
Description.
The codex contains Luke and John with some lacunae. The text is written in one column per page, in 19 lines per page. It contains a miniature before Gospel of John. It is rubbed. The manuscript was bound with John preceding Luke. The leaves are numbered and according these numbers Luke preceded John before bounding. 
Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place in any Category.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
Currently the codex is in private hands.

</doc>
<doc id="20472268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472268" title="National Highway 28B (India)">
National Highway 28B (India)

National Highway 28B (NH 28B) is an Indian National Highway almost entirely within the state of Bihar. This long highway links Chhapwa in Bihar to Kushinagar in Uttar Pradesh. 

</doc>
<doc id="20472291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472291" title="Panafest">
Panafest

The Pan African Historical Theatre Project now known as PANAFEST is a cultural event held in Ghana every two years for Africans and people of African descent. It was first held in 1992. The idea of this festival is to promote and enhance unity, Pan-Africanism, and the development of the continent of Africa itself. Activities that occur at this festival are performances and work in the areas of theatre, drama, music, and poetry, among other things. Also, there are viewing of the durbar of Chiefs, and tours to various places of interest, such as slave castle dungeons.
Impetus and objectives.
PANAFEST was mooted by the late Efua Sutherland in the mid-1980s as a cultural vehicle for bringing Africans on the continent and in the diaspora together around the issues raised by slavery the remain suppressed. PANAFEST addresses the most traumatic interruption that ever occurred in the natural evolution of African societies, which among other traumas profoundly eroded the self-confidence and freedom for self-determination of a whole people. Ghana’s coastline is dotted with now silent memorials to over 500 years of this most turbulent era in Africa’s history, which the festival consciously makes a site for confronting the effects of enslavement, purging the pain of the diaspora, acknowledging the residual effects of the trade on the African continent and re-uniting to forge a positive future in the contemporary global environment.
Alongside the healing processes, PANAFEST celebrates the strengths and resilience of African culture and achievements of Africans in spite of the transatlantic slave trade and its aftermath. It is designed to help Africans to reconnect with their strengths and thus be inspired to eternal vigilance, rededicate themselves to fully assuming the reigns of their own destiny in recognition of the lessons of history. 
There are today, urgent developments making this proudly Ghanaian initiative a vital and relevant platform which provides members of the African family with the opportunity to engage with each other in forthright communication. Among these are negatives such as human trafficking from the continent, the brain drain, marginalization of Africans in a global knowledge economy, the renewed surge of external pursuit of African natural resources and the slowness of African unification. There are also positive factors including enabling global conventions and coalitions and African initiatives to establish transnational businesses, add value to community initiatives, take advantage of technologies and mobilize the strength of Africans around the globe.
PANAFEST and the Ghanaian State.
PANAFEST is an international event that, as has happened since Independence in the mid-20th century, makes Ghana a motivational force for African peoples. Since 1994, the festival has attracted participation by official delegations, individuals and groups from African, Caribbean and South American countries, as well as groups and individuals from Europe and the United States. The government of Ghana considers this a major national initiative and appreciates the agencies, communities, civil society organizations and corporate bodies which have mobilized resources to complement government efforts over the years. The Government of Ghana is also deeply appreciative of all sister governments for their participation and the African Union for lending its auspices to this unique cultural manifestation.

</doc>
<doc id="20472313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472313" title="Museum of Art of Puerto Rico">
Museum of Art of Puerto Rico

The Museum of Art of Puerto Rico ("Museo de Arte de Puerto Rico", abbreviated MAPR) is an art museum in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
History.
MAPR is a neoclassical building from the 1920s formerly known as the San Juan Municipal Hospital. It is one of the biggest museums in the Caribbean and a local house for collections from the 17th century. The new east wing, which is dominated by a five-story-tall stained-glass window, is the work of local artist Eric Tabales. The museum is located in the heart of Santurce, steps away from the Luis A. Ferré Performing Arts Center and the Puerto Rico Museum of Contemporary Art. The historical building that houses part of the MAPR was built during the 1920s by architect William Shimmelphening. A new wing, designed by architects Otto Reyes and Luis Gutierrez in 1996, was added to the existing building to create what is now the complete structure.

</doc>
<doc id="20472326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472326" title="Isileli Tupou">
Isileli Tupou

Isileli Tupou also known as Kaiongo Tupou (born 26 October 1984) in Tofua, Tonga) is a rugby union player who plays at center. He currently plays with the Lille Métropole Rugby in the Federale 1 in France.
References.
Tonga U18/19 capt(2002/2003),can play fly-half,inside and outside centre,wing.Tonga A 2006.Played for Tonga in 2007 World Cup.Played for Tonga from 2006–present.Played 18 tests with 3 tests tries.Tautahi Gold vice-captain 2006-2008 for the IRB Pacific Cup.Joined Tonga 2011 rugby world cup wide training squad.Played 25 games for Auch in season 2008-2009,and left Auch to Lille Metropole,due to the club financial difficulties. Played for Lille (2009–present) 75-80 games so far. Since July 2008, no injury report found.

</doc>
<doc id="20472329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472329" title="Workers Party of Hungary">
Workers Party of Hungary

The Workers Party of Hungary (, MÁMP) was a political party in Hungary, founded around the time of the 1878 election. The mainly made up by socialists from Budapest, and the party strove to create trade unions and fought for minimum wage and a 10-hour working day. The main organ of the party was "Népszava". The party was in conflict with the other contemporary Hungarian socialist party, the Non-Voters Party, which it accused of being government stooges. In 1880 the two parties did however merge, forming the Hungarian General Labour Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20472330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472330" title="Bank of the Nation (Peru)">
Bank of the Nation (Peru)

The Bank of the Nation, known in Spanish as the "Banco de la Nación", is the bank which represents the Peruvian government in financial transactions in both the public and private sectors, as well as at both domestic and international levels. It is a state institution, but it should not be confused with the Central Reserve Bank of Peru, the central bank which coins money. The BN (its official Spanish initials) belongs to the Peruvian Ministry of Economy and Finance. Its headquarters is located in the San Isidro District of Lima, the capital of Peru.
History.
The BN was created January 27, 1966 by Law 16000, approved by the Peruvian congress and was signed into law by the then-president Fernando Belaúnde Terry. Its predecessors date to 1905, when José Pardo created the Caja de Depósitos y Consignaciones or Bank of Deposits and Consignments. 
The Bank of the Nation has function uninterrupted since its creation. Currently, it employs its own system of ATMs and provides its own credit and debit cards.
Functions.
Throughout the years, the bank's functions have either been expanded or reduced according to the policies of the current government although its most basic functions usually never change. Currently, the Bank of the Nation is used to:
Distribution.
Branch offices can be found in every Peruvian province, with a total of 403 branch offices, of which 87% are located in rural areas of the country where private banks do not operate

</doc>
<doc id="20472350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472350" title="Snowdon Theatre (Montreal)">
Snowdon Theatre (Montreal)

The Snowdon Theatre is a former Streamline Moderne cinema in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, located on Décarie Boulevard in the neighbourhood of Snowdon, in what is now the borough of Côte-des-Neiges–Notre-Dame-de-Grâce.
The cinema opened in February 1937, with an interior by designer Emmanuel Briffa, who also designed the interior of the historic Rialto Theatre, along with more than 60 other cinemas in Canada.
In 1950, the entrance facade was modified and a new marquee was added. In 1968, it switched to X-rated movies. In 1972, it showed Charlie Chaplin films for approximately one entire year. The cinema ceased operations and closed in 1982. As of today, the movie theatre is occupied by Flexart Gymnastics.

</doc>
<doc id="20472392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472392" title="Non-Voters Party">
Non-Voters Party

The Non-Voters Party (, NVP) was a socialist political party in Hungary, founded around the time of the 1878 election. At the founding meeting of the party, 79 delegates participated. The party sought to represent the non-enfranchised population, and advocated universal suffrage and democratic reforms. The party was led by Leó Frankel. In 1880 the party merged into the Hungarian General Labour Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20472444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472444" title="National Highway 30 (India)">
National Highway 30 (India)

National Highway 30 is a National Highway entirely within the state of Bihar, India that links NH 2 to NH 19. This long stretch passes through Mohania, Kochas, Dinara, Bikramganj, Arrah, Koilwar,(bridge across Son River), Maner, Maner Sharif, Danapur, Patna, Fatuha and Bakhtiarpur in Bihar.

</doc>
<doc id="20472445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472445" title="Megali Mantineia">
Megali Mantineia

Megali Mantineia () is a mountain settlement in the municipal unit of Avia, Messenia, Greece. As of 2001, it had a population of 180. It sits at 200 m above sea level, 2 km southeast of Avia, 3 km south of Mikri Mantineia and 10 km southeast of Kalamata. Many of its residents only stay there during the summer months.
History.
Ano Mantineia ("Upper Mantineia") or Ano Chora was first mentioned in 1463, as opposed to the older Mantineia on the coast. In the mid 18th century, it was an important settlement in the area of Zarnata (Ζαρνάτα). It had 59 families (around 277 people) in 1704. In the late 18th century the smaller settlement Mikri Mantineia was founded, and the older Ano Mantineia was renamed to Megali Mantineia ("Great Mantineia").
The village joined the municipality of Avia in 1835. From the mid 19th century, a part of the population moved into the seaside areas including "Palaiochora" (now Avia), "Archontiko" and "Akrogiali". Still Megali Mantineia kept a large population: 413 in 1851, 469 in 1879 and 424 in 1907. In 1914 Megali Mantineia became an independent community which included the new settlements. In 1924 the seat of the community moved to the seaside village Palaiochora. In 1926 both the settlement Palaiochora and the community were renamed to Avia.
Points of interests.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adolf_Hitler

</doc>
<doc id="20472452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472452" title="Mount Leura">
Mount Leura

Mount Leura is a 313 metre scoria cone surrounding a dry crater 100 m deep and is the central and most obvious component of a larger volcanic complex southeast of the town of Camperdown located in western Victoria, Australia, 194 kilometres (121 mi) km south west of the state capital, Melbourne. The inactive volcano is thought to have last erupted between 5,000 and 20,000 years ago. The name means "big nose" in local aboriginal dialect.
Leura Maar.
Mount Leura, together with nearby Mount Sugarloaf, forms part of a large extinct volcanic complex known as the "Leura Maar". The complex includes a broad shallow maar crater measuring 2.5 km by 1.7 km surrounded by a low tuff ring, inside which are the secondary eruption points of Mount Leura and several smaller unnamed mounds and cones of scoria. These may represent eruptions along a north-south fissure. The walls of the cone are alternating layers of tuff and scoria with numerous blocks and volcanic bombs. Mount Sugarloaf is a perfect conical mound on the southwestern flank of Mount Leura and represents a final stage of activity of the Leura volcano, when a small vent ejected a large volume of lava fragments in a short time, without a change in the direction of the eruption column. This produced a steep, symmetrical, conical mound of volcanic ash, scoria and larger blocks and bombs.
Mining.
Numerous quarries operated within the "Leura Maar". Quarries also provide significant exposures of bedding in tuff and scoria and many xenoliths are obtained from these. The scoria at Mount Leura is notable for the inclusions of high temperature megacrusts and xenoliths (fragments of the lower crust and mantle of the earth) which occur here in unusually high concentrations. Most of the quarries now are closed and some are used for dumping landfill.
Tourism.
The volcano lies within the 'Lakes and Craters' region, an access road was built in 1932. It allows vehicles the size of buses to access the lookout on top of Mount Leura. On a clear day you can see the Grampians and Mount Buninyong to the north, Mount Porndon to the east and Lavers Hill to the south. To the immediate west are the deep volcanic crater lakes Bullen-Merri and Gnotuk while to the east is the crater Lake Purrumbete popular for its Trout and Chinook Salmon fishing.
Hillclimb.
Mount Leura has hosted the Australian Hillclimb Championship twice, 1985 and 1997. The access road to the summit is closed for the competition.
The Australian Hillclimb Championship has been sanctioned by the Confederation of Australian Motor Sport since 1954. Prior to this it was sanctioned by the Australian Automobile Association, with two events having national championship status in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20472459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472459" title="Castelmur Castle">
Castelmur Castle

The ruins of Castelmur Castle is a large ruined castle located above the village of Bondo in the municipality of Bregaglia in Graubünden, Switzerland.
The castle complex includes ruins from both the High Middle Ages and the Late Middle Ages as well as traces of much earlier constructions. Located on the site of the Roman way station "Murus", the complex includes fortifications across the valley as well as the church of S. Maria which is first mentioned in 988. The fortifications at Castelmur may be, after the Three Castles of Bellinzona, the most important example of medieval valley fortifications in modern Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20472462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472462" title="Rihei Sano">
Rihei Sano


</doc>
<doc id="20472484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472484" title="1977 Buffalo Bills season">
1977 Buffalo Bills season

The 1977 Buffalo Bills season was the franchise's 18th season, and their eighth in the National Football League. The team posted a losing record for the second-consecutive season, and missed the postseason for the third season.
Buffalo started the season with four consecutive losses, and failed to win consecutive games. The team was shut out two times at home. The Bills beat only one team with a winning record.
After drawing 76,000 to Rich Stadium on opening day against the Dolphins, Buffalo drew an average of only 35,000 for the remaining 6 home games.
The Bills had one of the most pass-heavy offenses in the NFL in 1977. Quarterback Joe Ferguson led the league in pass attempts (457, 32.6 per game) and passing yards (2,803, 200.2 per game). He also threw 24 interceptions, the most in the NFL.
Although the Bills passed the ball more often than any other team, they were not efficient through the air: they ranked 19th in passing touchdowns, 21st in yards per attempt, and 20th in quarterback rating (a dismal 54.7). Buffalo's 160 points scored was the third-worst in the NFL.
Buffalo's defense also gave up 313 points, the fourth-worst total in the league. Buffalo's anemic scoring and porous defense gave the team a point-differential of −153, dead-last in the league.
Offseason.
NFL Draft.
Seventh round pick Mike Nelms was cut by the Bills in the 1977 training camp, and went to play in the Canadian Football League for the next three seasons. He returned to the NFL in 1980, joining the Washington Redskins, and was voted to three consecutive NFC Pro Bowl squads from 1980–1982.
Cornerback Charles Romes played in every game for the Bills from 1977 until his final season with Buffalo in 1986. He finished his career in Buffalo with 28 interceptions, fourth in Bills' history.

</doc>
<doc id="20472519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472519" title="Kim Yong-Sik">
Kim Yong-Sik

Kim Yong-Sik (Hangul: 김용식, Hanja: 金容植, 25 July 1910 - 8 March 1985) was a Korean international football player and manager, and one of the original inductees to South Korea's Football Hall of Fame.
Early life.
The son of a church minister, Kim was born in Sinch'ŏn in 1910. Kim began playing football as a seven year-old, and quickly grew to love the game, but at the age of thirteen his family relocated to Kyungsung as his father took up a position at a church in the east of the city. Kim first started attending a church school but rapidly lost interest in his studies as there were no football classes on offer at that school. Kim's performance, attendance and behaviour slipped to the point he was expelled from the school, so he began attending a YMCA school where he was able to continue playing the game. Despite these academic trials and tribulations, Kim gained entrance to Kyungshin High School and eventually went on to graduate from Boseong Technical School.
Playing career.
Kim's footballing abilities were noted by the various coaches in the schools he attended, and in 1927 he was offered a regular spot in the Kyungshin school team. He made his debut for his new side on 5 October 1927 in a match against Baejae school, where he ended up on the losing side by a score of 3-2. In 1928 Kim starred as his Kyungshin side reached the final of the Pyeongyang edition of the All Joseon Football Championship. Despite performing well for his side, they lost out 0-1 in the final to the Soongsil University team.
In 1933 Kim was invited to join the newly formed Kyungsung FC, and in 1935 he was part of the victorious side that triumphed in the Japanese Emperor's Cup tournament in Tokyo. His performances in the matches the side played in Japan so impressed the Japanese football authorities that he was included in the Japanese football team for the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin and helped Japan upset Sweden, one of the favorites, 3-2. 
Upon returning from Berlin Kim completed his studies at Boseong Technical School and graduated in 1937, whereupon he was offered the chance to study at Waseda University in Japan and, more importantly, to represent their football team. Kim spent one semester at the university before returning to Korea to take up a job as a reporter for "The Dong-a Ilbo". Although he initially enjoyed his new work as a journalist, Kim missed playing football and by 1938 he had joined up with the newly former Boseong All-Stars, a side made up of Boseong students both past and present. In 1938 his side finished top of the Korean section of qualifiers for the All Japanese Football Championships, and they went all the way to the final before losing to Kim's old side Waseda University side in a closely contested match. 
In 1940, Kim's father came under a great deal of political pressure from the Japanese police, and the family were forced to leave Kyungsung and return to Sinch'ŏn. At that time, Kim was offered the opportunity to join up with Pyeongyang FC in a player-coach capacity to revive the ailing fortunes of the team. Kim and a number of other Boseong All-Stars team members went north to bolster the Pyeongyang squad.
The expansion of Japanese offensives during the Pacific War in 1942 led to the cessation of sporting competitions in the country and Kim's spell at Pyeongyang FC came to an end. The liberation of Korea in 1945 allowed the competitions to begin again, and Kim rejoined the Boseong All-Stars to compete in a special competition at the end of 1945 to celebrate the end of Japanese colonial rule. Kyungsung FC were reformed in 1946 and Kim linked up again with the new team.
The newly formed South Korean government arranged to send a squad to compete at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, and Kim was selected to represent South Korea at the football tournament that year. Kim played in both of Korea's matches, the opening 5-3 victory over Mexico and then the 0-12 quarter-final defeat to Sweden.
Kim became player-coach of the Joseon Industries team immediately after the Olympics tournament, and led that side until the outbreak of the Korean War in 1950. During the war he was involved in several military sides, founding the Army Reserve Academy FC side as player-coach in 1950, and then joining the Republic of Korea Air Force FC in mid-1951. His spell with the Air Force side was a short one as financial constraints brought about the demise of the side, and he joined the 227th Army Transportation Unit side. Kim's decision to retire from the game in 1952 was marked on October 25 that year by a special friendly match between the Korean national team and a Korea University select side which included Kim as a guest member.
Coaching career.
After retiring from playing in 1952, Kim was selected to lead South Korea when they participated in the FIFA World Cup finals for the first time in 1954. Kim's side endured a torrid time in Switzerland, losing 0-9 in their opening match to Hungary before going down 0-7 in the second game against Turkey. Kim led the national team on three separate occasions, and was on the coaching staff when Korea won the 1960 AFC Asian Cup. Domestically he had brief spells as manager of Yangzee FC, Trust Bank and Hallelujah.

</doc>
<doc id="20472525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472525" title="Reorganized Social Democratic Party of Hungary">
Reorganized Social Democratic Party of Hungary

The Reorganized Social Democratic Party of Hungary () was a political party in Hungary. It was founded in 1900 by Vilmos Mezőfi. Mezőfi, a journalist by profession, had been expelled from the Social Democratic Party of Hungary for being outspoken on agrarian issues. Mezőfi's party advocated land reforms, and forced sales of large estates of land.

</doc>
<doc id="20472527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472527" title="Michael Walters">
Michael Walters

Michael Walters (born 7 January 1991) is an Australian rules footballer for the Fremantle Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Junior career.
A highly skilled player who mainly plays as a midfielder or forward, Walters was selected by Fremantle with the 53rd pick in the 2008 AFL Draft. He had made his senior debut for Swan Districts in the West Australian Football League in 2008, playing 2 matches. Nicknamed "Son-son", he lived on the same street in Midvale as his former Swan Districts teammates and fellow 2008 AFL draftees Nic Naitanui and Chris Yarran. Walters' father Mike played for Central District in the South Australian National Football League.
In 2007 he represented Western Australia at the National Under 16 Championships and won the Kevin Sheehan Medal (shared with Tom Scully) as the best player in the championships, after kicking 10 goals in his three games. He was a member of the 2007-08 AIS/AFL Academy squad and in 2008 represented Western Australia at the 2008 AFL National Under 18 Championships and was named in the All-Australian Team.
AFL career.
Walters made his AFL debut for Fremantle in Round 11 of the 2009 AFL season at Football Park against Port Adelaide, after Hayden Ballantyne was a late withdrawal due to injury. He kicked a goal in debut match, minutes before fellow debutant and Swan Districts teammate Clancee Pearce also kicked a goal.
Prior to the start of the 2012 AFL season, Walters was suspended from training with Fremantle and sent back to train and play for Swan Districts due to a poor fitness level and being overweight. He improved his fitness and performed well for Swans, and was accepted back at Fremantle in April and returned to the AFL in July, in round 16 against Melbourne. He played in every game after returning, kicking 22 goals from 10 games. In late September 2012 Walters was re-signed for a further two years, until the end of the 2014 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20472543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472543" title="Sei Fuwa">
Sei Fuwa


</doc>
<doc id="20472558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472558" title="Harris repertoire">
Harris repertoire

The Harris Repertoire consists of two manuscripts, both written by the sisters Amelia and Jane Harris. Containing 29 and 59 ballads and songs respectively, these manuscripts are part of the cornerstone of nineteenth-century ballad collecting. The second manuscript written was used by Francis James Child (1825–1896) in his seminal work, "The English and Scottish Popular Ballads", commonly known as the Child Ballads.
History.
In 1859 Amelia Harris sent William Edmonstoune Aytoun, a professor at the University of Edinburgh, a manuscript containing 29 ballads. She had heard him talk on the subject in Lerwick in 1855, and knew that he himself had published two volumes of "Antient Ballads". She enclosed a letter, which has become famous within ballad studies, for it not only presents the origin of the ballads she and her sister Jane knew, but offers the conundrum of ballads being passed from the non-literate to the literate. While the sisters knew, clearly loved, and sang the ballads, and did not re-create the tales, but sang what they knew, and were "most scrupulous in writing them exactly as I heard them, leaving a blank, when I was in doubt as to a word or line".
Aytoun was appreciative of the manuscript, and wrote to the sisters to thank them - we know this from surviving extract made by Jane Harris. He also informed other collectors, whom he was in contact with, such as the Aberdonian advocate Norval Clyne. Clyne was interested in the Harris sisters' version of "Sir Patrick Spens", as it provided evidence against the much-discussed "Lady Wardlaw Heresy", initiated by David Laing and perpetuated by Robert Chambers, which proposed that Lady Wardlaw was in fact the author of the ballad. While Aytoun's letter including the Harris sisters' version of the ballad came too late for Clyne to include it in the text of his refutation of Chambers' proposition, James Hutton Watson did use the Harris material - quoting a letter Aytoun had written to Clyne in its entirety.
The search.
Aytoun had intended to publish the Harris MS material, but did not live to prepare a third volume of ballads, but Clyne did keep the Harris ballads in mind, and when he was contacted by Dr John Stuart of General Register House, Edinburgh, who had a request from Francis James Child for advice and information on collecting ballads in Britain. Clyne advised Child to place an appeal in "Notes and Queries" regarding material and its location. Clyne himself became actively involved in Child's search, and was in correspondence with him. Having written to the publisher John Blackwood, to Aytoun's sisters - who were also fond of ballads - and to Aytoun's widow, who "was not on terms" with his family, and even following up leads in Newburgh, where the Harris sisters had been living when they sent the manuscript, Clyne drew a blank: the manuscript had vanished and 1873, Clyne and Child resigned themselves to the fact that the manuscript was lost and the ladies who had written it could not be traced.
The second manuscript.
On the same day that Clyne wrote to Child regarding the failure to trace either the 1859 ballad manuscript, or the women who had written it, Jane Harris was writing to Professor David Masson, Aytoun's successor as Professor of Rhetoric at the University of Edinburgh. Although she did not refer to Child's "Notes and Queries" appeal, it may have been the impetus for the sisters to try to contact someone about their ballads, as they had annotated their ballads and songs a second time. This letter was sent from Laurel Bank, Lasswade, near Edinburgh, which explains Clyne's failure to trace them in Newburgh.
Masson sent Jane Harris's letter on to Child and Child alerted Clyne. Clyne deduced that Miss Harris who wrote to Masson had to be the elusive Newburgh lady, and he made contact. On 26 August 1873, Clyne had tea with the Misses Harris and established an essential point of contact for Child. Clyne found that while Jane had written to Masson about the new manuscript, she had written the musical score, while her sister, Amelia, had written out the verses. The Misses Harris were clear about the origin of their ballads - they had learned them from their mother, who in turn had got them from "an aged nurse". This gave these sets an eighteenth-century provenance. He also discovered that they had sent a couple of ballads to Peter Buchan as well as Aytoun.
On the polite suggestion Jane Harris that the manuscript may be of worth, Clyne and Child agreed that some sum had to be agreed upon, and in a letter dated 15 September 1873, Amelia Harris noted that she had received a telegram from Frederick James Furnivall, whom Child was staying with in London in the summer of 1873, informing her that he had forwarded a cheque for £15 for the manuscript. She promises to send the manuscript of the ballads that afternoon, and the manuscript of the music the following day. Child was on the point of leaving for America - he had noted in his correspondence with Macmath that "from the 16th it will be safer to address me in America". We know that the manuscripts were bound - costing a further 6 shillings on top of the £15 paid. The cost in shillings indicates that this was done in Britain, and it seems that Furnivall may have taken responsibility for it. The manuscript was then forwarded to Child at Harvard. This manuscript remains in America, in the Houghton Library, MS 25241.17*, still bound in 3/4 maroon Morocco and marbled boards.
The "lost and found" manuscript.
Neither Child nor Clyne ever located the first manuscript. Its history after Aytoun's death is uncertain and obscure. However, it was discovered by Mr Hilary Corke in an Edinburgh bookshop-depository in 1955. It was among other books belonging to one Captain Forbes: the flyleaf of this bound volume is inscribed "Capt. Forbes, R. N., Seabank". The Forbes books had been deposited before 1939 and had not been disturbed between that time and 1955. This MS contained only the texts, and having noted that Amelia Harris refers to the writing down of the airs, an extremely thorough search was made for the airs manuscript in the depository, but it was not found and remains lost.
This manuscript is also bound, probably under Aytoun's instruction. It has a maroon cover, with the wording "M.S. OLD SCOTTISH BALLADS" on its spine, marbled endpapers and Hilary Corke's bookplate inside the front cover. Hilary Corke, a lecturer in Mediaeval English Literature at the University of Edinburgh, realised the value of his find, and wrote to Harvard University for information about the Harris MS listed by Child as being in Harvard College Library - a correspondence passed on to the curator of the Houghton Library. The important discovery of the "lost" manuscript was first made in print in 1977 by Dr Emily Lyle of The School of Scottish Studies, University of Edinburgh, although she had been in touch with Hilary Corke for a couple of years prior to that.
The manuscripts brought together.
Emily Lyle, along with Anne Dhu McLucas and Kaye McAlpine, produced a publication entitled "The Song Repertoire of Amelia and Jane Harris", which collated the texts of the two Harris MSS into one volume, with each ballad being assigned a full spread, in order to facilitate parallel study of the texts. Jane Harris's tunes and basses appear at the head of each relevant 1873 ballad, while the edited version appears at the head of the 1859 version. The editors also provided a comprehensive biography of the sisters, along with a full account of the manuscripts, and also the procedure undertaken to make Jane Harris's music operate for a modern musician.

</doc>
<doc id="20472562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472562" title="Independent Socialist Party (Hungary)">
Independent Socialist Party (Hungary)

The Independent Socialist Party () was a political party in Hungary. It was founded in 1897 by István Várkonyi. Várkonyi had been expelled from the Hungarian Social Democratic Party for being outspoken on agrarian issues. Várkonyi's party advocated land reforms, including forced sale of large estates. It took part in mobilizing radical peasant struggles.

</doc>
<doc id="20472572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472572" title="Bachelor of Biblical Studies">
Bachelor of Biblical Studies

The Bachelor of Biblical Studies (BBS) is an undergraduate academic degree offering a comprehensive curriculum in the different aspects of the Bible including the Old Testament, New Testament and Gospels. Students of biblical studies will learn how to interpret the bible within a historical context and look at the philosophical aspects of religion and practical aspects of ministry. This degree is primarily offered by Christian educational institutions with strong adherence to a Christian worldview, though not exclusively.
The Bachelors in Biblical Studies may qualify graduates to become pastors, missionaries, evangelists, youth leaders, Christian counselors, worship coordinators, or in other aspects normally considered "professional" church ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="20472593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472593" title="Event (synchronization primitive)">
Event (synchronization primitive)

In computer science, an event (also called event semaphore) is a type of synchronization mechanism that is used to indicate to waiting processes when a particular condition has become true.
An event is an abstract data type with a boolean state and the following operations:
Different implementations of events may provide different subsets of these possible operations; for example, the implementation provided by Microsoft Windows provides the operations wait (WaitForObject and related functions), set (SetEvent), and clear (ResetEvent). An option that may be specified during creation of the event object changes the behaviour of SetEvent so that only a single thread is released and the state is automatically returned to false after that thread is released.
Events are similar in principle to the "condition variables" used in monitors, although the precise mechanism of use is somewhat different.

</doc>
<doc id="20472603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472603" title="A Very Brutal Christmas">
A Very Brutal Christmas

A Very Brutal Christmas is a holiday EP by Austrian Death Machine, a project of As I Lay Dying's vocalist, Tim Lambesis. Like their previous release, "Total Brutal", all the songs feature a parody impersonation of actor, bodybuilder/fitness fanatic, & former California Governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger

</doc>
<doc id="20472621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472621" title="Der Wecker">
Der Wecker

Der Wecker was a Yiddish-language socialist newspaper, published from Iaşi from May to September 1896. It was published by a socialist propaganda circle, which also brought out "Lumina". In September 1896 the publication of "Der Wecker" was discontinued, due to financial constraints.

</doc>
<doc id="20472632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472632" title="Federal jurisdiction">
Federal jurisdiction

Federal jurisdiction is the jurisdiction of the federal government in any country that uses federalism. Such a country is known as a Federation.
Federal jurisdiction by country.
All federations, by definition, must have some form of federal jurisdiction, this will commonly include powers relating to international relations and war. Though power for particular actions varies from one federation to another.
See also.
Federation

</doc>
<doc id="20472645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472645" title="Kvir">
Kvir

Kvir (Квир) is a Russian gay lifestyle magazine. It was launched by www.gay.ru which runs the GLBT Center "Together", a non-profit organization.
The glossy color magazine was first published in 2003 and is still running.
The magazine is a non-profit project designed to provide Russian society with correct and diverse information on homosexuality, to increase public tolerance of homosexuals, as well as to support and unify the gay community in Russia. It is also made to raise self-acceptance within the gay community. The magazine's name (Kvir) stems from the English word "queer". 

</doc>
<doc id="20472693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472693" title="Ontario Cup">
Ontario Cup

The Ontario Cup is a soccer tournament for clubs based in the province of Ontario in Canada. It began play in 1901 under the Ontario Football Association League, now known as the Ontario Soccer Association.
History.
The cup was first played as a senior men's tournament in 1901, making it one of the oldest active sporting competitions in Canada. It has been held every year since, with the exception of the World Wars.
By 2004, the cup featured at least 12 000 athletes, and by 2008 it featured over 600 teams across 22 different age levels. The final is played at the Ontario Soccer Centre in Vaughan, Ontario.
Format.
The competition is played from May to September every year to crown a champion in each of 22 divisions, including different age levels for boys, girls and adults, and a Special Olympics division. The Ontario Cup winners from the under-14, under-16, under-18 and senior open divisions advance to the Canadian National Challenge Cup to compete against the cup winners from other provinces in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20472703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472703" title="Tipograful Român">
Tipograful Român

Tipograful Român ('Romanian Typographer') was a Romanian language newspaper, which began publishing in 1865. "Tipograful Român" was the first Romanian workers' newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="20472718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472718" title="1977 Detroit Lions season">
1977 Detroit Lions season

The 1977 Detroit Lions season was their 48th in the league. The team matched their previous season's output of 6–8. The team missed the playoffs for the seventh straight season. The Lions struggled offensively, scoring a mere 183 points while finishing in third place with a 6–8 record for the second straight season.
The 1977 coaching staff included 25-year-old assistant special teams/TEs/WRs coach Bill Belichick. Belichick would go on to win two Super Bowls as defensive coordinator with the New York Giants in 1986 and 1990, and three more as head coach of the New England Patriots in 2001, 2003 and 2004

</doc>
<doc id="20472737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472737" title="Derek Handley">
Derek Handley

Derek Handley (born 1978 in Hong Kong) is a New Zealand entrepreneur, speaker and author. Derek attended Victoria University of Wellington (New Zealand), Massey University (New Zealand) and the MIT Sloan School of Management.
In 2011 he was named to the ‘Silicon Alley 100’ of the most influential technology people in New York as well as a World Class New Zealander and Sir Peter Blake Trust Leader. Derek is a former New Zealand Herald Business Leader of the Year and Ernst & Young Young Entrepreneur of the Year in New Zealand. In 2011 Handley was named a New Zealand 2011 Leader by the Sir Peter Blake Trust. He is also co-founder and Chairman of mobile advertising network, Snakk Media, which listed on the NZX in 2013, becoming one of the first publicly listed B-Corporations in the world. 
In December 2011 Derek donated a year of his life to help Sir Richard Branson, Founder of the Virgin Group, Jean Oelwang, CEO of Virgin Unite and Jochen Zeitz, former Chairman of Puma, to help create what is now The B Team.
The B Team is a not-for-profit initiative formed by a global group of leaders to create a future where the purpose of business is to be a driving force for social, environmental and economic benefit. As Founding CEO Derek helped grow the team from two to sixteen leaders including Israeli billionairre and philanthropist Shari Arison, Noble laureate Muhammad Yunus, CEO of the UN Foundation Kathy Calvin, creator of The Huffington Post Arianna Huffington, founder of Tom's Shoes Blake Mycoskie, CEO of Kering (owner of brands such as Yves Saint Laurent, Gucci and Puma, François-Henri Pinault, CEO of Unilever Paul Polman, Ratan Tata. Former President of Ireland and head of the UN Commission on Human Rights, Mary Robinson and Dr. Gro Harlem Brundtland former Prime Minister of Norway and developer of the broad political concept of sustainable development, are honorary members of the team, representing People and Planet.
In 2013 Derek was named an Adjunct Executive Professor for AUT University in Auckland. Derek also released his first book, ‘Heart to Start’, a memoir about the beginning of his own entrepreneurial journey, a practical field-guide and his journey to become a new type of entrepreneur who does business to have a positive impact on the world.
Derek Handley and The Hyperfactory.
In 2001, Handley founded global mobile marketing and media company The Hyperfactory with his brother Geoffrey Handley. According to the Company's website, The Hyperfactory claims to "power brands and businesses through the mobile medium" for clients such as BlackBerry and Coca Cola. In July 2009 the founders sold a 19.9% stake to Des Moines, Iowa based media and marketing company Meredith Corporation. The valuation was not disclosed; the New Zealand Herald cites a valuation range of NZ$55–60m. In 2010 Meredith Corporation acquired the remainder.
The Hyperfactory won six Webby Awards in 2009 placing them second in the inaugural 'Global Webby Agency of the Year' award. The company was nominated for more awards in the Global Mobile Marketing Association Awards in 2007 than any other company in the world and won two. In 2008 The Hyperfactory won the most awards (five) including two global categories. The company has also won the top awards Best in Show at 2007 OMMA Awards and Best in Show at 2007 AdWeek Awards..
The Hyperfactory is also the winner of numerous Cannes Lions (Grand Prix Media Lion & Bronze Lion 2007, Cannes Media Lions Gold 2007), Clios, Mobile Marketing Association, Marketing-Interative 2010 Agency of the year - Mobile 2010, IDC’S TOP 10 Wireless Companies to watch in America 2007 Effie's, DMA, OMMA, Deloitte Fast 500 Asia Pacific (2004, 2005), AdTech and Webby awards, including AdAge Top 15 Mobile Agencies 2012 and the iMedia Mobile Agency of the Year for both 2011 and 2013
Other Ventures.
Derek is the co-founder and Chairman of mobile & 'smart screen' advertising business Snakk Media and Chairman and investor in Booktrack, a company that has created the idea of soundtracks for books; is also backed by Peter Thiel and described by The Atlantic as 'the future of reading'.
Prior to launching The Hyperfactory, Handley founded a global online sports and racing betting business, Feverpitch. At the age of 22, Handley became New Zealand's youngest managing director of a listed company when he led Feverpitch to list on the venture-style 'New Capital Market' of the New Zealand Stock Exchange. The company subsequently launched ‘betting exchanges’ around the world similar to the business Betfair but eventually floundered. 
In 2003 Handley led a merger of several major players in the New Zealand childcare sector to form Kidicorp Group Limited. The company was listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange as the largest national operator with more than 75 childcare centres throughout the country.
Handley is a huge proponent of the taste and cost efficiencies found in the consumption of ramen noodles. He is an aspiring astronaut having purchased a ticket on Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic.
Handley is an active speaker in the entrepreneurship, marketing and digital industry, having spoken at events around the world including , Mobile Marketing Association Forums, OMMA, iMedia, Informa, CTIA, Consumer Electronics Show, Mobile Entertainment Forum, iHollywood and Webstock and Better by Design in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="20472758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472758" title="Deşteptarea">
Deşteptarea

Deşteptarea ('Awakening') was a trade union organization in Romania, formed in 1879 as a group of typographers withdrew from the established trade union, the General Association of All Workers of Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="20472780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472780" title="Bernard Lesterlin">
Bernard Lesterlin

Bernard Lesterlin (born September 18, 1949 in Vienne, Isère) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the 2nd constituency of the Allier department, and is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20472785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472785" title="Stevie Nicks Hearts">
Stevie Nicks Hearts

Stevie Nicks Hearts is the debut EP by The E.L.F., released on 16 February 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20472787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472787" title="United States Open Cup for Arena Soccer">
United States Open Cup for Arena Soccer

The United States Open Cup for Arena Soccer is a cup-style tournament for all Professional Arena Soccer League and Premier Arena Soccer League teams. In 2008, the PASL announced they would hold the first tournament for indoor soccer open to all leagues and/or existing teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20472790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472790" title="National Highway 30A (India)">
National Highway 30A (India)

National Highway 30A links Fatuha to NH 80. This long stretch passes through Fatuha, Chandi, Harnaut and Barh in Bihar.

</doc>
<doc id="20472791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472791" title="Bernard Perrut">
Bernard Perrut

Bernard Perrut (born January 24, 1957 in Villefranche-sur-Saône, Rhône) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Rhône department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. He is the mayor of Villefranche-sur-Saône.

</doc>
<doc id="20472801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472801" title="Bernard Reynès">
Bernard Reynès

Bernard Reynès (born October 18. 1953 in Meknes, Morocco) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Bouches-du-Rhône department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20472806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472806" title="Bernard Roman">
Bernard Roman

Bernard Roman (born July 15, 1952) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Nord department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20472809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472809" title="Jake Parker">
Jake Parker

Jake Parker, also known as Agent 44, is an accomplished short story creator, concept artist, illustrator and animator. Parker has worked on digital cartoons, such as "Horton Hears A Who!" and "Rio", for Blue Sky Studios. He is the creator of characters such as Lucy Nova and Missile Mouse.
Jake has been a contributor to many published comic book anthologies (see list below).
Jake is the creator of 'Roboready,' an illustration blog dedicated to the design of helpful robots.
Recently, he has created two Missile Mouse graphic novels published by Scholastic's Graphix. The first one was released in January 2010, and the second was released January 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="20472816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472816" title="Bertrand Pancher">
Bertrand Pancher

Bertrand Pancher (born June 5, 1958) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Meuse department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20472823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472823" title="Brigitte Barèges">
Brigitte Barèges

Brigitte Barèges (born May 1, 1953) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Tarn-et-Garonne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
She is mayor of Montauban since March 2001. She was reelected on 16 March 2008.
Barèges sparked a controversy when she voiced brusque opposition to proposals for legalized same-sex marriage: "Why not let people get married to animals too?"
Barèges sparked a controversy when she described a black person of her party as as "humain stain".
Barèges was punished by French courts because she refused to celebrate the wedding of a foreign couple.

</doc>
<doc id="20472833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472833" title="Corrugated stainless steel tubing">
Corrugated stainless steel tubing

Corrugated Stainless Steel Tubing (CSST) is a type of conduit used for natural gas heating in homes. It was introduced in the United States in 1988. CSST consists of a continuous, flexible stainless-steel pipe with an exterior PVC covering. The piping is produced in coils that are air-tested for leaks.
In the United States, about 500,000 new homes per year have CSST installed; that number is about half of the number of new homes that have natural gas for heating or cooking. As of 2007, about 2 million homes in the United States had CSST installed.
CSST is installed much like electrical wiring, and thus more quickly than traditional black-steel pipe, but the cost of the material is several times more than black-steel pipe.
In mid-2007, four CSST makers settled a class action lawsuit. The settlement provides money to fix problem pipes by bonding the CSST to the electrical systems with thicker wire.

</doc>
<doc id="20472835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472835" title="Bruno Le Maire">
Bruno Le Maire

Bruno Le Maire (born 15 April 1969) is a French politician. He served as the French Minister of Food, Agriculture and Fishing from 2009 to 2012.
Biography.
Early life.
Bruno Le Maire was born on 15 April 1969 in Neuilly-sur-Seine. He is a graduate of the Ecole Normale Supérieure and the Ecole Nationale d’Administration. He speaks French, English and German.
Career.
From 2002 to 2004, he worked as an advisor to Dominique de Villepin in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. In 2004, he moved to the Ministry of the Interior. In 2005, he became the political advisor to the Prime Minister. From 2007 to 2008, he was a member of the National Assembly of France, representing the Eure department. From December 2008 to 2009, he served as Secretary of State in charge of European Affairs in the François Fillon government.
Since 2008, he has served as a political advisor for the Union for a Popular Movement. He also serves as a council member of Evreux. In June 2009, he became the new Minister of Food, Agriculture and Fishing. During his tenure at the Ministry, he created a new framework to modernize French agriculture, food and fishing. He also hosted the G20 Agriculture summit in 2011, which resulted in the creation of AMIS (Agricultural Market Information System). The main objectif of AMIS is to monitor the global agricultural market under a rotating presidency. An intervention Forum can be convoked if the presiding country judges it necessary.
He is a member of the Long-Term Investors Club. From 2007 he was Secretary General of the Permanent Platform of Atomium Culture. Currently he is member of the Advisory Board.
On August 2012, he announced that he would be a candidate for the presidency of the Union for a Popular Movement, competing against former Prime Minister François Fillon, Secretary General Jean-François Copé and former Minister for Ecology Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet. He decided to develop a reformist line and to focus his campaign aroung four main axes:
But he failed to obtain sponsorships (he claim 7 200 sponsorships, but needed 7 924 at least).
Personal life.
He is married to Pauline Le Maire. They have four children.
Depiction in film.
In the movie "La conquête" ("The conquest"), about Nicolas Sarkozy's career, he was played by Emmanuel Noblet.

</doc>
<doc id="20472848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472848" title="Bruno Le Roux">
Bruno Le Roux

Bruno Le Roux (; born May 2, 1965) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Seine-Saint-Denis department and is the current leader of the Socialist, Radical, Citizen and Miscellaneous Left. He has led the Socialist Party in the National Assembly since 2012.
He graduated from HEC and ESSEC.

</doc>
<doc id="20472859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472859" title="Bruno Sandras">
Bruno Sandras

Bruno Sandras (born August 4, 1961) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the islands of French Polynesia, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20472872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472872" title="Béatrice Pavy">
Béatrice Pavy

Béatrice Pavy (born October 14, 1958) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Sarthe department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20472881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472881" title="Bérengère Poletti">
Bérengère Poletti

Bérengère Poletti (born October 14, 1959) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the 1st constituency of the Ardennes département, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20472886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472886" title="Social Democratic Union 'Proletarian'">
Social Democratic Union 'Proletarian'

Social Democratic Union 'Proletarian' was a political party organization in Bulgaria 1906-1908. The organization was led by Dimitar Blagoev, who had been expelled from the Narrow Socialists for being an 'anarcho-liberal. 'Proletarian' merged with the Broad Socialists, and would represent the leftwing tendency within that movement from 1909 onwards

</doc>
<doc id="20472894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472894" title="Catherine Coutelle">
Catherine Coutelle

Catherine Coutelle (born April 2, 1945 in La Sauvagère, Orne) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the 2nd constituency of the Vienne department, and is a member of the Socialist Party, which sits with the Socialist, Radical, Citizen and Miscellaneous Left group in the Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20472909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472909" title="Catherine Génisson">
Catherine Génisson

Catherine Génisson (born April 22, 1949) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Pas-de-Calais department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20472917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472917" title="Mikri Mantineia">
Mikri Mantineia

Mikri Mantineia () is a seaside village in the municipality of Kalamata, Messenia, Greece. As of 2001, it had a population of 688. It is situated at 20 m above sea level, on the northeastern shore of the Gulf of Messenia. Its main industry is tourism. Mikri Mantineia is 2 km northeast of Avia, 3 km north of Megali Mantineia and 6 km southeast of Kalamata.
History.
The village was probably founded in the second half of the 17th century in an inland location which is now known as "Palio Chorio". It was first mentioned in 1700 as "Chora Mikri" ("small village"), as opposed to the older and larger Megali Mantineia. It had 35 families (165 people) in 1700 and 31 in 1703 which produced around 3,204 okades of oil (4,178 kg). It became a part of the municipality of Avia in 1835.
In the early 20th century, a small part of the population moved into the nearby beach areas of "Mourti", "Panitsa" and "Myloi". It had 157 inhabitants in 1851, 183 in 1879 and 173 in 1907. From 1914, it ran an independent community and had 177 inhabitants in 1928. A strong earthquake damages most houses of the village in 1944. The inhabitants moved into the coastal areas. The new seaside settlement was named "Mikri Mantineia" and the other "Palio Chorio". After 1970, many new inhabitants moved into the village, and the new settlement "Perivola" was built.
Mikri Mantineia became a part of the city of Kalamata in 1988 while Megali Mantineia joined the municipality of Avia. Although the two Mantineies are part of different municipalities, they still form one entity from the geographic, population and economic side and they have a common Olive Production Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20472920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472920" title="Catherine Lemorton">
Catherine Lemorton

Catherine Lemorton is a French pharmacist and politician(member of the National Assembly of France). She represents the Haute-Garonne department, and is a member of the Socialist party.
She won the election in 2007 in the first circonscription (constituency) of Toulouse, defeating Jean-Luc Moudenc who was mayor of Toulouse at the time.
Parliamentary action.
Catherine Lemorton is known for her report ("la prescription, la consommation et la fiscalité des médicaments") on pharmaceutical drugs. It is very often regarded as taking part in a fight against the lobbies of the pharmaceutical industry and the conflicts of interest in medicament's policies.

</doc>
<doc id="20472928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472928" title="Catherine Quéré">
Catherine Quéré

Catherine Quéré (born 16 March 1948 in Angoulême, Charente) is a French politician and a member of the Socialist Party.
A vice-president of the Poitou-Charentes Regional Council between 2004 and 2007, she has been a MP of the Charente-Maritime's 3rd constituency since 2007. She is a member of the Socialist, Radical, Citizen and Miscellaneous Left parliamentary group.
Political career.
Poitou-Charentes Regional Council (2004−2007).
A wine grower by profession, Catherine Quéré began her political career in the 2004 regional elections.
She figured in second position on the socialist list in Charente-Maritime and was elected as a regional councillor in Poitou-Charentes. She was a vice-president of the Poitou-Charentes Regional Council during three years (2004–2007).
On 9 July 2007, she resigned as a regional councillor in accordance with the rule of the "unique mandate" instituted within the Poitou-Charentes Regional Council.
MP of Saintes (2007−present).
In the 2007 legislative election, Catherine Quéré defeated Xavier de Roux, mayor of Chaniers and outgoing MP.
In the first round, she arrived in second position (31.99%, 15,446 votes) whereas Xavier de Roux came first with 39.43% (19.037 votes). In the run-off, she was elected with 52.02% (25.501 votes) as a MP of the Charente-Maritime's 3rd constituency.
In the 2012 legislative election, she was largely re-elected as a MP of the Charente-Maritime's 3rd constituency.
In the first round, she largely came first with 43.96% (20,403 votes) and in the run-off was re-elected as a MP with 59.12% (26,574 votes).

</doc>
<doc id="20472940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472940" title="Catherine Vautrin">
Catherine Vautrin

Catherine Vautrin (born July 26, 1960) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Marne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20472945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472945" title="Liz McCartney">
Liz McCartney

Liz McCartney cofounded the St. Bernard Project in March 2006 to rebuild homes destroyed by Hurricane Katrina in the St. Bernard Parish of Louisiana, southeast of New Orleans. She is the 2008 Hero of the year.
Biography.
A native of Washington, DC, McCartney attended Georgetown Visitation Preparatory School. She graduated from Boston College in 1994 and received a Master's Degree in curriculum and instruction from the George Washington University. McCartney served in the Peace Corps in Lesotho, South Africa. She has also taught ESL and middle school. Before starting St. Bernard Project, McCartney was the Executive Director of a community-based nonprofit organization in Washington, DC which provided technology-based after school and summer programs for young people attending DC public schools. McCartney and Zack Rosenburg volunteered in St. Bernard Parish in March 2006 after the storm. They then quit their jobs in Washington, returned to Louisiana in June 2006, and the following August they cofounded the St. Bernard Project. As of July 2012, over 45,000 volunteers have rebuilt more than 440 hurricane-damaged homes in St. Bernard Parish and New Orleans with the St. Bernard Project.
Awards.
According to CNN's website:

</doc>
<doc id="20472948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472948" title="Beaver Creek (York Region)">
Beaver Creek (York Region)

Beaver Creek is a river in the municipalities of Markham and Richmond Hill in the Regional Municipality of York, part of the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin and is a right tributary of the Rouge River.
Hydrology.
The source of the creek is a basin formed at the outflow of a drainage culvert in Richmond Hill. The creek flows southeast through a residential area before crossing almost directly under the intersection of Leslie Street and 16th Avenue into the eponymous Beaver Creek industrial area in Markham. The creek continues southeast under Highway 404 and southwest of the intersection of Woodbine Avenue and Highway 7 at the community of Brown's Corners. It continues southeast to a point just north of Highway 407, before turning northeast to join the Rouge River, just southeast of the IBM Canada Software Design Centre. The Rouge River flows to Lake Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="20472949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472949" title="Fate (2008 film)">
Fate (2008 film)

Fate () is a 2008 South Korean action noir film. 
Plot.
Gang members Woo-min, Cheol-jung, Do-wan and Yeong-hwan are close friends, who, with the help of older gang member Gang-seop, decide to rob a casino so they can start their lives over. But Cheol-jung betrays the others, and Woo-min ends up in prison. After serving his time, Woo-min tries to stay out of trouble, but finds himself drawn back into the underworld.
Reception.
Before filming was complete, the Japanese distribution rights to "Fate" were presold to Formula Entertainment for , a relatively high sum due to Kwon Sang-woo's Korean Wave fanbase. 
The film was not a big success, selling only 858,215 tickets nationwide. 

</doc>
<doc id="20472955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472955" title="Chantal Berthelot">
Chantal Berthelot

Chantal Berthelot (born September 12, 1958 in Mana, French Guiana) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the territory of French Guyana, and is a member of the SRC parliamentary group.

</doc>
<doc id="20472957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472957" title="1977 Houston Oilers season">
1977 Houston Oilers season

The 1977 Houston Oilers season was the 18th season overall and eighth with the league. The team improved upon their previous season's output of 5–9, winning eight games, but failed to qualify for the playoffs for the eighth consecutive season.

</doc>
<doc id="20472972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472972" title="Amy Lippman">
Amy Lippman

Amy Lippman is an American television producer and writer. She is perhaps best known as the co-creator of "Party of Five" with her writing partner, Christopher Keyser. She is politically conscious as a donor to Democratic candidates and causes. She also worked on the television series "Sisters", "In Treatment" and the "Party of Five" spin-off "Time of Your Life".

</doc>
<doc id="20472973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472973" title="Lex Roscia theatralis">
Lex Roscia theatralis

The lex Roscia theatralis was a Roman law of 67 BC that reserved 14 rows of good seats in the theater for members of the equestrian order. It was sponsored by the tribune Roscius Otho. The "equites" or "knights" who had this privilege were presumably not all those who met the property requirements under the census for admission to the order, but rather those who had the right of the "public horse", a smaller and more elite group.
The Latin poet Horace refers to it satirically in his "Epistulae", and wonders whether "melior est an puerorum nenia" (it is really better than the children's nursery rhyme).

</doc>
<doc id="20472978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472978" title="Chantal Bourragué">
Chantal Bourragué

Chantal Bourragué (born March 3, 1946 in Angoulême, Charente) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the first constituency of the Gironde department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20472980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472980" title="Tinicum Island Rear Range Light">
Tinicum Island Rear Range Light

The Tinicum Island Rear Range Light is a lighthouse located in the Billingsport section of Paulsboro, Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States, the rear of a pair of range lights marking a section of the channel in the Delaware River south of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The lighthouse, surrounded by ball fields next to the new marine terminal for the Port of Paulsboro, is still active for navigation on the Delaware River. It works in conjunction with the Tinicum Front Range Light, known as the Billingsport Front Light, situated on the banks of the Delaware River at the front of Fort Billings Park next to the Paulsboro Refinery.
Front and rear range lighthouses guide sailors who, by aligning the two lights and keeping one light on top of the other, stay in its center and avoid Little Tinicum Island as they travel upstream. 
The Tinicum Island Range Lights were activated on New Year’s Eve 1880. They had a visible range of . The lights were changed from oil to electric in 1917. The Coast Guard automated the lights in 1933. The light tower originally had a keeper’s dwelling with seven rooms, along with a brick oil house, frame barn and barnyard, cow shed, poultry house, and privy on of land. The dwelling buildings were demolished sometime in the 1950s after they fell into disrepair. The rear range lighthouse, which is owned by the United States Coast Guard, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 15, 2005.
Tinicum Rear Range Lighthouse Society offers regular tours, including a climb to the top of the tower, the third full weekend of each month from April through October and special tours with advance notice. Surrounding views from the lighthouse include Philadelphia and its airport.

</doc>
<doc id="20472990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472990" title="Chantal Brunel">
Chantal Brunel

Chantal Brunel (born September 9, 1948) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Seine-et-Marne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
Appointed head of the equality office, she is a staunch supporter of liberalisation of laws against sex work in France.. She is of Greek ancestry.

</doc>
<doc id="20472996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20472996" title="Chantal Robin-Rodrigo">
Chantal Robin-Rodrigo

Chantal Robin-Rodrigo (born August 4, 1948 in Aix-en-Provence, Bouches-du-Rhône) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Hautes-Pyrénées department, and is a member of the Radical Party of the Left. She is of Spanish origin.

</doc>
<doc id="20473003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473003" title="Hamish Hartlett">
Hamish Hartlett

Hamish Hartlett (born 14 August 1990) is an AFL footballer currently playing for the Port Adelaide Football Club. Hartlett was drafted by Port Adelaide with pick number 4 in the 2008 AFL Draft, making him the Power's earliest draft pick ever. He is the younger brother of former Carlton Blues forward Adam Hartlett. He is a medium-sized midfielder who reads the game exceptionally well, has clean hands, vision and kicks the ball superbly.
Junior career.
Hartlett toured South Africa in 2007 as part of the AIS/AFL Academy squad and represented South Australia at the 2008 AFL National Under 18 Championships, earning selection in the All Australian side. Originally from Edwardstown Football Club, Hartlett was the captain of the Sacred Heart College first XVIII before he made his debut for West Adelaide in the SANFL in 2007 and has awarded the Round 16 Star Search Award nomination in his seventh senior game.
Port Adelaide career.
2009.
On 3 June, Hartlett's past dominant performances for West Adelaide in the SANFL saw him make his AFL debut for the Power against Hawthorn in round 4. In an eventful debut he performed strongly, tailing 23 possessions, and also 11 marks in the Power's win against the reigning premiers playing in the midfield and half-back flank.
2010.
Hartlett’s year was cruelled by injury, with hamstring and quad complaints restricting the talented midfielder to just four games.
He missed the start of the season through injury, but worked his way back through the SANFL to play in the Power’s Round 5 win over the Saints before injury struck the following week. He managed two more games for the year, but it was decided after the break to rest him for the remainder of the year. Hartlett was sent to Europe for further treatment on his troublesome hamstring
2011.
'Hammer’ overcame shoulder surgery to return to the Power side for Round 3 and was then able to string 16 consecutive games together averaging 20.8 disposals per game – his best run in the AFL. In his most consistent year for the club to date, Hartlett finished seventh in the John Cahill Medal and was awarded the Gavin Wanganeen Medal as the club’s best rising talent.He spent more time in the midfield later in the year and this saw an increase in his productivity, including a 32 disposal game against St Kilda in Round 16. His season was cut short after Round 20 when he was forced to undergo for shoulder surgery. He finished the season fifth in total kicks for the club
2012.
Hartlett started the season with a best on ground performance in the Power’s narrow win over the Saints in Round 1. He had 26 disposals and kicked a vital goal playing across half back. His early season form was solid, but he struggled to have the impact on games the coaches know he’s capable of. He continued to mix his time between half back and the midfield. His best performance of the year came in Round 10 against Carlton, when Hartlett received the three Brownlow votes for 26 disposals and three raking goals from outside 50m. Hartlett’s season was derailed in Round 12 when he suffered a hamstring tear, which kept him out until Round 19. He played two matches before being suspended for two weeks for contact with Hawthorn’s Cyril Rioli. Finished the season ranked sixth at the club for average disposals and fourth for total tackles

</doc>
<doc id="20473009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473009" title="Charles de Courson">
Charles de Courson

Charles- Amédée de Courson (born April 2, 1952 in Paris - 16th arrondissement) is a member of the National Assembly of France and a former 'rapporteur', current vice-president and prominent member of its Finance Commission. He represents the Marne department, and is a member of the New Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20473011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473011" title="National Highway 1 (India)">
National Highway 1 (India)

National Highway 1 or NH 1 is a National Highway in Northern India that links the national capital New Delhi to the town of Attari in Punjab near the India–Pakistan border. This was a part of Grand Trunk Road of Sher Shah Suri, that ran from Lahore to Bengal, built on earlier roads that existed from time immemorial. The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) divided it into two parts—called as NH 1 north of Delhi, and as NH 2 south of it. The highway is maintained by National Highways Authority of India. This is one of the longest and oldest highways of India.
About The Road.
The NH 1 passes through Amritsar, Jalandhar, Phagwara, Ludhiana, Rajpura, Ambala, Kurukshetra, Karnal, Panipat, Sonipat and Delhi. It runs for a distance of . The Delhi–Lahore Bus travels on NH 1 in India.
It does not have a uniform laning. From the Wagah Border (between India and Pakistan) through Amritsar up to Jalandhar it is 4-laned. From Jalandhar up to the border between Haryana's Sonipat and the national capital Delhi, it is 6-laned. Its entire stretch in Delhi is 8-laned. The NH 1 terminates into one of Delhi's arterial roads—the Ring Road.
NH 1 in Punjab.
The northernmost stretch of NH 1 falls in the Indian state of Punjab. It initiates at the Wagah Border between India and Pakistan, at the Attari village and runs 30 km down to the city of Amritsar. From there, it passes through the districts of Kapurthala, Jalandhar, Ludhiana, Sangrur and Patiala. The cities of Kapurthala, Sangrur and Patiala, however, do not fall along the NH 1. In Patiala district, the highway passes through the town of Rajpura, which has gained prominence due to its important location on the GT Road.
This stretch of NH 1 was witness to the mass-movement and selective massacre of refugees across what is today the border between India and Pakistan, during the Partition of India.
NH 1 in Haryana.
The NH 1 enters Haryana at the district of Ambala, from Punjab's Patiala district. Thereon, it passes southward through the districts of Kurukshetra, Karnal, Panipat and Sonipat. The city of Sonipat does not fall along the GT Road, while the city of Kurukshetra is marginally off it. In Ambala, it passes through one of Northern Railways' major railway junctions—the Ambala Cantonment, close to the Ambala City.
After Sonipat, the highway enters its last leg, into the national capital Delhi. The minor stretch of NH 1 in Sonipat district, leading up to the Delhi border, has been witnessing massive real-estate development along it.
NH 1 in Delhi.
Delhi marks the last leg of the NH 1. It enters Delhi at the Singhu Border in the northern district and passes through all of North Delhi up to the ISBT Kashmiri Gate. There it merges into the Ring Road and proceeds beyond as NH 2, up to the Bangladesh border. In Delhi, the region through which the highway passes is the most underdeveloped and encroached district of the city. It is mostly industrial and ill-planned. The Guru Tegh Bahadur Memorial falls along the NH 1 close to the Singhu Border, in Delhi.
Spur Routes of NH 1.
NH 1 presently has 4 different spur routes designated as 1A, 1B, 1C and 1D. Except for 1A, all these spurs are entirely within the state of Jammu and Kashmir. These spurs are strategically important as they connect remote cities and towns in the Himalayas with the rest of India.
National Highways Development Project.
Approximately stretch of NH 1 from Jalandhar to Delhi is a part of the North-South Corridor.

</doc>
<doc id="20473017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473017" title="Charles de la Verpillière">
Charles de la Verpillière

Charles de La Verpillière (born May 31, 1954 in Bourg-en-Bresse, Ain) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the second constituency of the Ain department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. La Verpillière is a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur as well as a Chevalier of the Ordre national du Mérite.

</doc>
<doc id="20473025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473025" title="Christian Bataille">
Christian Bataille

Assemblée nationale
Christian Bataille (born May 31, 1946 in Rieux-en-Cambrésis) is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the Nord department, He is a member of the Socialist Party ("Parti Socialiste") and belongs to the SRC parliamentary group.

</doc>
<doc id="20473033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473033" title="Christian Eckert">
Christian Eckert

Christian Eckert (born February 8, 1956 in Algrange, Moselle) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Meurthe-et-Moselle department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20473040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473040" title="Christian Hutin">
Christian Hutin

Christian Hutin (born January 18, 1961 in Lille, Nord) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Nord department, and is a member of the Citizen and Republican Movement.
Elected mayor of Saint-Pol-sur-Mer in 1995 as part of the Rassemblement pour la République, he joined the Mouvement des Citoyens in 1999. He supported Jean-Pierre Chevènement in the 2002 presidential election and joined the Pôle républicain.
Vice President of the Urban Community of Dunkirk, he became a regional councillor in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in 2004 before being elected a député from Nord in the 2007 legislative elections, the sole MRC representative in the National Assembly. 

</doc>
<doc id="20473050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473050" title="Christian Kert">
Christian Kert

Christian Kert (born July 25, 1946 in Salon-de-Provence, Bouches-du-Rhône) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Bouches-du-Rhône department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473068" title="Eric Guthrie">
Eric Guthrie

Eric Guthrie (born April 27, 1947 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian-born quarterback who played in the World Football League and Canadian Football League. He played for the BC Lions from 1972–1973, the Detroit Wheels in 1974, the BC Lions from 1975–1976, the Montreal Alouettes in 1977, and the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20473075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473075" title="Juan Luis Boscio">
Juan Luis Boscio

Juan Luis Boscio Deprez (b. 21 July 1896 - d. 1980) was a Puerto Rican politician and Mayor of Ponce, Puerto Rico from 1961 to 1964.
Philanthropist.
Juan Luis Boscio was one of the founders of the "Albergue de Niños de Ponce" (Ponce's Shelter for Children), a non-profit organization dedicated to the providing shelter for homeless children. The new shelter building opened in 1947 on calle Villa in Barrio Canas. Boscio also donated $10,000 from his own capital to help pay for the project.
Indictment of son.
In the early 1980s, Juan Luis Boscio Monllor, son of Juan Luis Boscio Deprez, was president of the board of directors of the Ponce Municipal Development Authority (PMDA), during the tenure of mayor José G. Tormos Vega. He was indicted on October 31, 1985, by a federal grand jury for extortion, together with Tormos Vega. He was tried on May 27, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20473079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473079" title="Luis Alonso Sandoval">
Luis Alonso Sandoval

Luis Alonso Sandoval Oliva (born May 14, 1980) is a Mexican football midfielder, he currently plays in Club Necaxa of the Ascenso MX.
Career.
Sandoval started his professional career with Chivas Gudalajara in 2002, but playing more as a winger, a style he still uses as a striker. He was sold to Jaguares due to Chivas' frequent uprising of young players, but rumored disciplinary trouble. There Sandoval got to play more time, but two seasons later for the Apertura 2006 season, he was traded to Veracruz. In the Clausura 2008 season, he was sold to Tecos UAG, where he so far has been a constant starting player under both former coach Jose Luis Trejo and current coach Miguel Herrera's management. As of December 16, 2008, Sandoval has been sent on loan for 1 year to C.F. Monterrey and signed in July 2009 with Morelia, the club loaned him after four months in late December 2009 to Club América. On the night of April 4, 2010 Sandoval enters during the 2nd half of the Mexican super classic (El Súper Clásico (Mexico)) facing the team that gave birth to his playing career (Chivas Guadalajara). However, the match ended with a 1-0 victory for Guadalajara.
International career.
He has been a recent call up by Javier Aguirre for the Mexico national football team.
International appearances.
"As of 1 March 2006"

</doc>
<doc id="20473087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473087" title="Richard Pimentel">
Richard Pimentel

Richard Pimentel (born 1947) is a disability rights activist who developed significant training materials aimed to help employers integrate persons with disabilities into the workplace, and was a strong advocate for the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act. His life story is recounted in the film "Music Within". He is today a senior partner of Milt Wright & Associates, Inc.
Timeline of Work in Disability Employment and the ADA.
He is currently in the development stages of a new employer training program to support the transition of wounded and disabled veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan into the workforce. The focus is on post traumatic stress syndrome, traumatic brain injuries and amputations.
He was interviewed by Richard Aedy on ABC radio program "Life Matters" about disability & work on 22 September 2011.
Publications.
Richard Pimentel has authored the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20473096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473096" title="Nītārtha Institute">
Nītārtha Institute

Nītārtha Institute is a school of advanced Buddhist studies for Western students designed based upon the traditional Tibetan monastic university curriculum. Its teachers include the published translator Karl Brunnholzl, as well as the head of Nalandabodhi, The Dzogchen Ponlop Rinpoche.

</doc>
<doc id="20473105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473105" title="Christian Ménard">
Christian Ménard

Christian Ménard (born April 7, 1946 in Quimper, Finistère) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Finistère department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473112" title="Christian Patria">
Christian Patria

Christian Patria (January 9, 1945 – February 10, 2014) was a French politician and a member of the National Assembly of France. He represented the Oise department, and was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473120" title="Christine Marin">
Christine Marin

Christine Marin (born April 9. 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Nord department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473129" title="Christophe Bouillon">
Christophe Bouillon

Christophe Bouillon (born June 17, 1969 in Rouen, Seine-Maritime) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Seine-Maritime department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20473132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473132" title="Women For Sobriety">
Women For Sobriety

Women For Sobriety, Inc. (WFS), is a non-profit secular addiction recovery group for women with addiction problems. WFS was created by sociologist Jean Kirkpatrick in 1976 as an alternative to twelve-step addiction recovery groups like Alcoholics Anonymous (AA). As of 1998 there were more than 200 WFS groups worldwide. Only women are allowed to attend the organization's meetings as the groups focus specifically on women's issues. WFS is not a radical feminist, anti-male, or anti-AA organization.
History.
Jean Kirkpatrick attended AA meetings for three years and was unable to maintain sobriety. The methods of what is now the "New Life" program of Women For Sobriety empowered Kirkpatrick to quit drinking. Discovered through trial and error, the New Life methods are based largely on the writings of Ralph Waldo Emerson (particularly his essay, "Self-Reliance") and the Unity Movement of New Thought in addition to Kirkpatrick's personal experience, knowledge of sociology, and experience in AA. In her design, as in AA, WFS encourages the open and hosting sharing but focuses on improving self-esteem and reducing guilt rather than admitting powerlessness. While Kirkpatrick's program stresses spirituality as the "fundamental object of life" the solution to alcoholism is described as being within the mind of the female alcoholic, not requiring a Higher Power. Also like AA, Kirkpatrick's program encourages complete abstinence from alcohol, rather than harm reduction.
Program.
The program is built on thirteen affirmations encouraging members to change their self-image and world view. As is practiced in SMART Recovery, WFS members avoid labeling themselves as alcoholics and addicts and instead refer to themselves as competent women during meeting introductions. Philosophically, these ideas are close to modernity, emphasizing self-control and rationality. As described in WFS literature, the fundamental problem of females with alcohol dependence is low self-esteem, a condition that is culturally reinforced in women more than in men, necessitating a qualitatively different treatment for women. In WFS members focus on responsibility rather than powerlessness, on self-esteem rather than humility and on thinking rather than surrender. Like AA, WFS encourages meditation and spirituality, although sobriety is not viewed as dependent on a Higher Power. To increase self-esteem, WFS encourages positive thinking and discourages negative thinking (a cause of low self-esteem).
In WFS language, "faulty thinking" causes destructive behavior, consequently WFS teaches its members that they have the power to change their thinking to change their actions. The WFS approach, in this sense, is similar to cognitive behavioral therapy. Newcomers are encouraged to take pride in their accomplishments, no matter how small—even in an hour of sobriety. Similarly, members learn to beware of negative thoughts as they arise. There are also elements of applied self-in-relation theory (the theory that a woman's sense of definition and value is strongly tied to their relationships with others); women are encouraged to build new, healthy relationships inside and outside of meetings.
Affirmations.
The thirteen affirmations represent six levels of growth in which members accept the physical nature of alcoholism (affirmation one), remove negativity (affirmations two, four and nine), learn to think better of themselves (affirmations five and twelve), change their attitudes (affirmations three, six and eleven), improve their relationships (affirmations seven and ten), and change their life's priorities (affirmations eight and thirteen).
The First, Second, Tenth, Twelfth, and Thirteenth Affirmations were changed at some point in the 1990s these originally appeared, respectively, as: I have a drinking problem that once had me, Negative emotions destroy only myself, All love given returns twofold, I am a competent woman and have much to give to others, I am responsible for myself and my sisters.
Meetings.
Meetings range in size from two to twenty members, the ideal group size is between six and ten women. The room is arranged so that all the women are sitting in a circle. The meeting opens with a reading of the thirteen affirmations and the WFS purpose. The opening is followed by discussion among members based on a topic from WFS literature (e.g. acceptance, stress, compulsions, procrastination or one of the thirteen affirmations). Following a five to ten minute break, members begin the second part of the meeting. During the second part, members discuss what happened the previous week, each member is given a chance to speak and is encouraged to include at least one positive behavior or event. Discussing previous drinking experiences, "drunkalogs," is discouraged as members are asked to keep their sharing positive. Cross-talk, responding directly to the speaker, is allowed. At the meeting closing members hold hands and recite the WFS motto, "We are capable and competent, caring and compassionate, always willing to help another, bonded together in overcoming our addictions."
A telephone list is distributed and members are allowed to call each other throughout the week. If someone has been hospitalized or has returned to drinking, other members will call her to offer their support.
Moderators.
Meetings are run by moderators with at least one year of continuous sobriety who are familiar with the WFS program. Moderators must be certified by WFS headquarters in Quakertown, Pennsylvania.
Demographics.
During the winter of 1991 Lee Ann Kaskutas conducted a survey of all WFS members, she sent surveys to each active WFS group at the time and achieved 73% response rate. The information in this section is based on her analysis of the survey results. 
The average WFS member is 46 years old, white, has been sober for 4.5 years, and is married with 1.8 children. About one-third of WFS members are Protestant, another third are Catholic, about one-fifth do not have a religious affiliation. Two-thirds have attended college and more than half are employed with an average individual income of $23,700 per year (an average household income of $51,800 per year). Half of WFS members have been sober for less than two years and in WFS for a year or less. Women who took Antabuse were more likely to relapse than those who did not. Most members (40%) were self-referred, others were referred to WFS by a counselor or treatment program. The vast majority of WFS members had received professional help at some point (89%), most frequently this was individual therapy and least frequently group therapy.
Correlates of self-esteem.
Length of sobriety was correlated positively with membership in WFS. Half, however, of WFS members had been sober before joining WFS. Controlling for length of sobriety, length of time in WFS was positively correlated with self-esteem, as measured by the Rosenberg self-esteem scale. Three other independent variables were correlated with self-esteem: belief in the First Affirmation, frequent use of the Affirmations and disbelief in AA's First Step.
Turning points.
A turning point represents an event or state that made WFS members realize they needed to do something about their drinking. The survey of WFS members found there were eight general categories of turning points: physical signs of alcoholism, emotional problems, general life problems, loss of control over drinking, being confronted about their drinking, problems related to driving, exposure to others' drinking problems and problems related to work. On average, the turning point occurred for WFS members at age 39, it took WFS members four years to achieve sobriety after their turning point and five years to become a member in WFS. Women who had a turning point entailing a realization that their life was out of control achieved sobriety in less than average time (two years). Similarly, women who had felt suicidal or attempted suicide achieved sobriety in one year. The five factors most frequently cited for attending WFS were: self-motivation, seeing information about WFS in a newspaper, WFS literature, hearing information from friends, and getting information from a counseling agency.
Dual membership.
Nearly all, ninety percent, of WFS members have experience with AA and about one-third also regularly attend AA meetings (and have for an average of five years). Non-AA attending WFS members are more likely to believe that maintaining sobriety is a matter of hard work having little to do with God's intervention, while those attending AA attribute their sobriety to their spiritual program. Ninety-two percent of WFS members, however, believe their state of mind is the most important factor in maintaining sobriety.
Although length of time in WFS correlated positively with self-esteem, length of time in AA did not emerge as a significant predictor of self-esteem. Relapse was less common among women who attended both AA and WFS. The largest proportion of WFS members to achieve sobriety in a year following their turning point were those who attended AA in addition to seeking professional help compared to those who just attended AA or sought professional help. WFS members who attended AA reported they did so primarily as insurance against relapse (28%), its availability (25%), for sharing (31%) and support (27%). WFS members who did not attend AA mentioned feeling as though they never fit in at AA (20%), found AA too negative (18%), disliked drunkalogs (14%) disliked AA's focus on the past (14%), and felt that AA was geared more to men's needs (15%).
Attrition and prevalence.
WFS and AA have similar drop-out rates of new members; in about four months about half of new WFS members drop-out. WFS discourages lifetime membership and reliance on meetings to maintain sobriety. In this way, the size and number of WFS meetings remain static, but does not necessarily reflect a decline in the group's popularity. Forming a WFS meeting for some may be prohibitively difficult, in addition to obtaining certification and a year of sobriety, the leader has an ongoing responsibility for the meeting.
Criticism.
The thirteen affirmations may be difficult for women to implement in day-to-day living, depending on their situations. For instance, women with limited financial resources many find it difficult to accept that "problems bother her only to the extent she allows them." Depressed women many find it difficult to make enthusiasm a daily exercise, or accept happiness as a habit to develop. Similarly positive thinking affirmations have been interpreted as asking women to deny their real feelings and inhibiting recovery. The applicability of the affirmations to female alcoholic's lives may limit the appeal of the WFS program.
Kirkpatrick has stated the affirmations were derived from observing her thoughts as she felt good enough to stop drinking. The intention of the affirmations is behavior modification, asking WFS members not to dwell on past problems is intended to prevent them from drinking. The purpose is not to deny the past, but not to indulge it as this is likely to cause negative thinking. By practicing affirmations and positive thinking, it is believed WFS members slowly change their habits and their thoughts become reality.
Literature.
WFS sells several dozen books on their website, and several dozen more booklets, CDs, and related materials and regularly publish a journal "Sobering Thoughts". Four books by Kirkpatrick, however, are used principally in the WFS program, the most important of which is "Turnabout".

</doc>
<doc id="20473139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473139" title="Christophe Caresche">
Christophe Caresche

Christophe Caresche (born September 2, 1960 in Arcachon) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the city of Paris, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20473153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473153" title="Christophe Guilloteau">
Christophe Guilloteau

Christophe Guilloteau (born June 18, 1958 in Lyon) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Rhône department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473158" title="Christophe Priou">
Christophe Priou

Christophe Priou (born May 2, 1958) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Loire-Atlantique department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473171" title="Christophe Sirugue">
Christophe Sirugue

Christophe Sirugue (born August 14, 1966 in Autun, Saône-et-Loire) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Saône-et-Loire department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20473174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473174" title="1977 Miami Dolphins season">
1977 Miami Dolphins season

The 1977 Miami Dolphins season was the team's 12th as a member of the National Football League. The Dolphins improved upon their previous season's output of 6–8, winning ten games. Despite the improvement, the team failed to qualify for the playoffs for the third straight season.

</doc>
<doc id="20473183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473183" title="Claude Bartolone">
Claude Bartolone

Claude Bartolone (; born 1951) is a French politician. He has served as of the National Assembly of France since June 2012. A Socialist, he has been elected to the National Assembly, representing the Seine-Saint-Denis department, since 1981. He served in the government as Minister for the City from 1998 to 2002, and he has been President of the General Council of Seine-Saint-Denis since 2008.
Biography.
Early life.
He was born on born July 29, 1951 in Tunis, Tunisia. His mother was from Malta and his father from Sicily; both his parents were working-class. At the age of nine, he moved to Le Pré-Saint-Gervais in France and grew up in a council estate. After he was encouraged a teacher named Marie-Thérèse Thoullieux not to get a professional degree, he attended the Lycée Turgot in Paris. He received a Bachelor of Science in Mathematics.
Career.
Local mandates.
He was a municipal councillor of Le Pré-Saint-Gervais from 1977 to 1983, and from 1995 to 2008. He served as Deputy Mayor of Le Pré-Saint-Gervais from 1977 to 1983, from June to October 1995, as Mayor from 1995 to 1998, and again as Deputy Mayor from 2001 to 2008. He was also municipal councillor of Les Lilas from 1983 to 1989.
He served as General councillor of Seine-Saint-Denis from 1979 to 1992, and has served again since 2008. From 1985 to 1992, he served as Vice-president of the General Council of Seine-Saint-Denis, and as President from 2008 to 2012. From 1998 to 2002, he served as regional councillor of Ile-de-France.
National mandates.
He served as a member of the National Assembly for the sixth district, encompassing Seine-Saint-Denis from 1981 to 1998. From 1998 to 2002, he served as Minister of the City. Since 2002, he has served as member of the National Assembly again.
Following the June 2012 parliamentary election, in which the Socialist Party won a parliamentary majority, Bartolone was designated as the Socialist candidate for the post of President of the National Assembly. In the vote, held on 26 June 2012, Bartolone was accordingly elected to the post, receiving 298 votes against 185 votes for the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP) candidate Bernard Accoyer, who held the post during the preceding parliamentary term.
! rowspan="2" colspan="2" align="left" | Candidates
! rowspan="2" colspan="2" align="left" | Parties
! colspan="2" | Socialist Primary
! colspan="2" | First round
! width="60" | Votes
! width="30" | %
! width="60" | Votes
! width="30" | %
Since 2012, he has served as President of the National Assembly of France. Thus, he lived in the Hôtel de Lassay.
In April 2013, he received a menacing letter containing ammunition powder, suggesting he should stop supporting same-sex marriage.
Personal life.
He is married, in a second marriage, with Véronique Ragusa, a parliamentary collaborator. He resides in a 320 m2 mansion on the outskirts of Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20473193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473193" title="Claude Birraux">
Claude Birraux

Claude Birraux (born January 18, 1946 in Ambilly, Haute-Savoie) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Haute-Savoie department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473211" title="Claude Bodin">
Claude Bodin

Claude Bodin (born May 15, 1952 in Versailles) is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the Val-d'Oise department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473218" title="Claude Darciaux">
Claude Darciaux

Claude Darciaux (born October 18, 1942) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Côte-d'Or department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20473226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473226" title="Claude Gaillard">
Claude Gaillard

Claude Gaillard (born August 15, 1944) was a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Meurthe-et-Moselle department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473228" title="Lucy Bethia Walford">
Lucy Bethia Walford

Mrs. Lucy Bethia (Colquhoun) Walford (17 Apr 1845 – 11 May 1915) was a Scottish novelist and artist, who wrote 45 books, the majority of them "light-hearted domestic comedies." 
Life.
Lucy Colquhoun was born on 17 April 1845 at Portobello, a seaside resort near Edinburgh, the seventh child of John Colquhoun (1805–1885) of Luss, Dunbartonshire, author of "The Moor and the Loch", and Frances Sarah Fuller Maitland (1813–1877), a poet and hymn writer. Her paternal grandmother, Janet Colquhoun (1781–1846), was a religious writer, and an aunt, Catherine Sinclair (1800–1864) was a prolific novelist and children's writer.
Lucy Colquhoun was educated privately by German governesses. Her reading included works by Charlotte Yonge and Susan Ferrier, and in later years Jane Austen. The family moved into Edinburgh in 1855, where guests included the artist Noël Paton, who encouraged her to take up painting. In 1868 and several succeeding years she exhibited at the annual exhibition of the Royal Scottish Academy. Her first short piece of writing appeared in the "Sunday Magazine" in May 1869.
On 23 June 1869 she married Alfred Saunders Walford (d. 1907), a magistrate of Ilford, Essex, and they moved to London. They had two sons and five daughters. The children were said to be "never put aside for her work" and "constantly with their mother." She died on 11 May 1915 at her home in Pimlico, London.
Works.
When writing, she would seek to be as accurate as possible. Her brothers were sought out to answer any questions she had on military life. Her father was an expert on sports. The protagonist of her first novel, "Mr Smith: a Part of his Life" (1874) was taken from an actual man named Smith who was found dead, as described in her novel. It pleased Queen Victoria and led to her being received at court. It was also admired by Coventry Patmore. By age 65, Mrs. Walford had written 45 full-length novels, including "Pauline" (1877), "The Baby's Grandmother" (1884), "Stiff Necked Generation" (1889), and "The Havoc of a Smile" (1890). She also wrote for London journals. Her last novel, "David and Jonathan on the Riviera", appeared in 1914.
Partial bibliography.
Fiction:
Non-fiction

</doc>
<doc id="20473231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473231" title="Claude Gatignol">
Claude Gatignol

Claude Gatignol (born November 20, 1938) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Manche department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473239" title="Claude Goasguen">
Claude Goasguen

Claude Goasguen (born March 12, 1945) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the city of Paris, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
Biography.
Claude Goasguen was born on 12 March 1945 in Toulon, France. He received a PhD in Law. From 1976 to 1986, he taught at Paris 13 University, and he served as the Dean of the Law School from 1982 to 1984. 
From 1986 to 1988, he served as advisor to the Minister of National Education, René Monory, with regards to the links between universities and the private sector, and professional training. From December 1987 to January 1991, he served as university rector. 
From May to November 1995, he was Minister of State Reforms, Decentralisation and Citizenship. From April 1996 to May 1998, he was the General Secretary of the now defunct Union pour la Démocratie Française, and from June 1998 to April 2002, he was Vice-President and Spokesperson of the defunct Démocratie Libérale. Since 2003, he has also worked as a lawyer in Paris. 
He is well-known for his controversial comments on the palestinian people and on the muslim community living in France.
He is a recipient of the Legion of Honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20473245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473245" title="Claude Greff">
Claude Greff

Claude Greff (born June 2, 1954) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Indre-et-Loire department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473250" title="Claude Leteurtre">
Claude Leteurtre

Claude Leteurtre (born December 30, 1940 in Donville-les-Bains, Manche) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Calvados department, and is a member of the New Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20473258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473258" title="Colette Langlade">
Colette Langlade

Colette Langlade (born June 20, 1956) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Dordogne department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20473264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473264" title="HHA">
HHA

Herzthiolate heptahydrolysic acid (HHA) is a molecule that encodes the genetic instructions used in the development and functioning of two living organisms, with are the Stenaphyllzone (Plasma life-form) and sebum.

</doc>
<doc id="20473267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473267" title="Colette Le Moal">
Colette Le Moal

Colette Le Moal (born March 27, 1932) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Yvelines department, and is a member of the New Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20473268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473268" title="Willamette Greenway">
Willamette Greenway

The Willamette River Greenway Program, established by the 1967 Oregon legislature, is a cooperative state and local government effort to maintain and enhance the scenic, recreational, historic, natural and agricultural qualities of the Willamette River and its adjacent lands. A number of trails exist along the greenway, but significant gaps still exist.
Oregon State Treasurer Robert Straub first proposed public ownership of lands along the Willamette in 1966, during his run for Governor of Oregon. U.S. Senator Maurine Neuberger sought federal funds to support the program. Straub was defeated in that race by Tom McCall, who supported the proposal.
The 1973 Oregon legislature passed the Willamette River Greenway Act, which established ties to a comprehensive state land use law (Oregon Senate Bill 100) passed that same year.
In 1975, the Oregon Department of Land Conservation and Development included the Willamette River Greenway as one of nineteen standards for statewide planning, requiring that public access, native vegetation, and scenic views be considered when planning new developments.

</doc>
<doc id="20473269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473269" title="Marcelo Alatorre">
Marcelo Alatorre

Marcelo Guadalupe Alatorre Maldonado (born 18 January 1985 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, México) is a Mexican football defender. He currently plays for Club Universidad de Guadalajara. He came through the younger divisions, he made his professional debut with Tecos and joined Club Universidad de Guadalajara in July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20473278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473278" title="Conchita Lacuey">
Conchita Lacuey

Conchita Lacuey (born September 30, 1943 in Bordeaux, Gironde) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Gironde department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20473288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473288" title="Corinne Erhel">
Corinne Erhel

Corinne Erhel (born February 3, 1967 in Quimper, Finistère) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Côtes-d'Armor department, and is a member of the Socialist Party and of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche parliamentary group.
Biography.
Graduate of the institute of advanced studies of rural law and agricultural economics (IHEDREA), she became, in 1990, technical assistant for the Inter-Communal Charter of Management and Development of Trégor Rural, one of the nine historical provinces of Brittany (it includes the western part of the department of Cotes-d'Armor). In 1997, she became assistant parliamentarian for Alain Gouriou, deputy mayor of Lannion (Cotes-d'Armor). In 2004 she was elected regional advisor for Brittany. In 2006, Alain Gouriou officially announced that he would not represent himself in the legislative elections.
In February 2009, Corrine Erhel affirmed her agreement to the entry of a new mobile operator on the French market which could, according to her, decrease competition and leave less frequency for the three current operators for the development of the 3G coverage.

</doc>
<doc id="20473294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473294" title="Christoffer Boe">
Christoffer Boe

Christoffer Boe (born 1974) is a Danish film director and screenwriter. He is an established and well-known not only in Denmark, but all through the world. Among his international awards there are FIPRESCI Director of the Year at San Sebastián International Film Festival and Golden Camera at Cannes Film Festival in 2003. He is also co-founder and director of the film production company AlphaVille Pictures Copenhagen.
Early life and education.
Boe was born in Rungsted just north of Copenhagen, Denmark. After school in Denmark, he went to study the history of cinematography in Indiana University in Bloomington, USA. Then, he continued his studies in Copenhagen University. In 1997 he decided to go deep into movie making and was accepted at the National Film School of Denmark director's course.
During that time he directed a trilogy of short films: "Obsession" (1999), "Virginity" (2000) and "Anxiety" (2001). They were 20 to 30 minutes long and starred Maria Bonnevie and Nikolaj Lie Kaas.
They're all basically about a young male being obsessed by a beautiful woman and then being trapped in his own logic of what love is...
"Anxiety" received the Prix Decouverte de la Critique Francais and was screened in Critic’s Week in 2002.
At that point he developed a style of movie making and playing with narrative structure.
He graduated from the National Film School of Denmark in 2001.
Career.
After the graduation he is the head of so-called "Hr. Boe & Co." team. In spite of the fact that their debut was even during studying ("Anxiety" in 2001), their first feature film "Reconstruction" released in 2003 has become their the first actual collaborative work.
He was so satisfied with Maria Bonnevie and Nikolaj Lie Kaas playing in his students shorts - so he wrote "Reconstruction" specifically with them in mind.
This real debut was well received by critics on international film festivals.
In 2001 he made 6 episodes (each 10 minutes) of TV series "Kissmeyer Basics".
In 2004 he shot a short film "Europe Does Not Exist" as part of "Visions of Europe" with Cecilie Thomsen and Henning Moritzen representing Demark in this Europe Union media project.
His fourth feature film - thriller "Everything will be Fine" was selected for Quinzaine des Réalisateurs (Directors' Fortnight), marking the third Danish film to be selected for 2010 Cannes International Film Festival.
Hr. Boe & Co..
Christoffer Boe is the head of so-called Hr. Boe & Co. consisting of a group of filmmakers who gathered together because of a mutual adoration for the "perfect frame" while studying at the National Film School.
The other basic members are:
Reconstruction is Hr. Boe & Co.’s feature film debut.

</doc>
<doc id="20473303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473303" title="PIQ">
PIQ

PIQ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20473327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473327" title="Bawl">
Bawl

Bawl may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20473336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473336" title="Judo at the 1995 Summer Universiade">
Judo at the 1995 Summer Universiade

The Judo competition in the 1995 Summer Universiade were held in Fukuoka, Japan from 24 August to 28 August 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20473357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473357" title="Frölunda Specialist Hospital">
Frölunda Specialist Hospital

Frölunda specialist hospital () located in Frölunda, right next to Frölunda torg, approximately nine kilometres south-west of central Gothenburg. The hospital primarily operate with elective care, with specialist in otolaryngology, neurology, gynaecology, orthopedic surgery, medicine, dermatology, ophthalmology, surgery, and radiography. The hospital was inaugurated in 1968 as a local hospital for people living in Tynnered, Frölunda, and Älvsborg. Today 190 people work at the hospital which is owned by Västra Götaland Regional Council.
The 17-storey building is 55 metres high (180 ft). The hospital occupies the bottom five floors; the rest are residential.

</doc>
<doc id="20473372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473372" title="Cécile Gallez">
Cécile Gallez

Cécile Gallez (born May 16, 1936 in Raismes) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Nord department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473383" title="Céleste Lett">
Céleste Lett

Céleste Lett (born May 7, 1951 in Sarreguemines, Moselle) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Moselle department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473397" title="Damien Meslot">
Damien Meslot

Damien Meslot (born November 11, 1964) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Territoire de Belfort department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473411" title="Daniel Boisserie">
Daniel Boisserie

Daniel Boisserie (born June 8, 1946) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Haute-Vienne department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20473425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473425" title="Daniel Fasquelle">
Daniel Fasquelle

Daniel Fasquelle (born 16 January 1963) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Pas-de-Calais department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473434" title="Pablo Metlich">
Pablo Metlich

Pablo Arturo Metlich Ruíz (born 2 September 1978 in Gómez Palacio, Durango, México) is a Mexican football midfielder who plays for Atlético San Luis. Metlich made his professional debut with Tecos in 2002. He is of serbian descent.

</doc>
<doc id="20473437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473437" title="Daniel Fidelin">
Daniel Fidelin

Daniel Fidelin (born May 25, 1948) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Seine-Maritime department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473438" title="National Highways in Bihar">
National Highways in Bihar

Bihar has length of 3,537 km Nation highways.

</doc>
<doc id="20473448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473448" title="Daniel Garrigue">
Daniel Garrigue

Daniel Garrigue (born April 4, 1948 in Talence) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Dordogne department, and was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. He was the sole member of the Assembly to vote against the French ban on full length Islamic veils stating that, "To fight an extremist behavior, we risk slipping toward a totalitarian society."

</doc>
<doc id="20473462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473462" title="Daniel Mach">
Daniel Mach

Daniel Mach (born December 5, 1955 in Perpignan — Perpinyà) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Pyrénées-Orientales department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. He is the first politician to have spoken in Catalan in the National Assembly, saying:

</doc>
<doc id="20473475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473475" title="Mockava">
Mockava

Mockava is a village and railway station in Lithuania on the border with Poland. According to the 2001 census, its population was 92.
Transport.
There is a break of gauge where the railway systems of the two countries meet. To speed up though traffic, a track gauge changing facility of the SUW 2000 variable gauge axle system has been installed to allow fitted trains to pass through the break of gauge at walking pace.

</doc>
<doc id="20473478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473478" title="Daniel Paul">
Daniel Paul

Daniel Paul (born August 16, 1943) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Seine-Maritime department, and is a member of the Gauche démocrate et républicaine.

</doc>
<doc id="20473482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473482" title="Len Haley">
Len Haley

Leonard Frank "Comet" Haley (born September 15, 1931) is a professional hockey player who played for the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20473487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473487" title="Costas Hajihristos">
Costas Hajihristos

Costas Hajihristos (; 1921 – October 3, 2001) was a Greek actor.
Biography.
He was born in Thessaloniki to a large family, which later moved to Pagkrati.
The young Kostas studied mainly at the Military School in Syros and finished his studies in Kavala. He worked in a variety at the "Missouri" Theatre in Piraeus and at the Nitsa Gaitanaki company where he plauyed the "Stravoxylo" by Psathas. From 1945 until 1948, he worked in an operetta company owned by Paraskevas Oikonomou and appeared in the "Pefka" variety with Oikonomidis and "Oasia" with M. Traiforos. In 1949-50, he councilled the Koula Nikolaidou's musical company at the "Verdun" theatre at Alexandras Ave.
At the "Verdun", Hajihristos acted for his first time in his successful run in the role of a Gypsy Thymios, a role which was taken by his brother of his wife Kostas Nikolaidis, the writing trio Nikolaidis-Eleftheriou-Lymberopoulos. From 1955 until 1955 at the "Peroquet" sponsoured by "Coca-Cola" with Yialama-Thisviou-Pretenderis, praised himself and the idyllic with Diridawa?. They married and raised a daughter. His marriage went to an end in 1975 and Kaiti Oikonomou in which Diridawa died on February 1996.
At the cinema, Hajihristos first appeared in the movie "The Tower of the Horses" in 1953 with Giorgos Asimakopoulos and Tsiforos. Parallel, he made several success even at the theater. One of his greatest success in his career was in the "Anthropos poy yirise apo ta piata" ("A Man Who Came Back From the Plates") which appeared during the winter of 1968-69 with co-companies of Anna Fonsou and Dionysis Papayiannopoulos. He also produced three movies and directed eight.
His theatrical direction went on smoothly until 1983. After a long period of absence he returned into the 1994-95 era and played for the village at the "Hajihristo Theatre" in the Panepistimiou and Ippokratous Streets stoa with the inspection of "Den ixeres, de rotages" and next year, he ran with Giorgos Pantzas in the K. Papapetrou work "Trelathika kai sothika". His difficult years begun when his third wife, Eleni Pantazi died at the age of 42. He died suffering from economic problems.

</doc>
<doc id="20473494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473494" title="Daniel Poulou">
Daniel Poulou

Daniel Poulou (born July 28, 1943 in Biarritz) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473497" title="Juana Belén Gutiérrez de Mendoza">
Juana Belén Gutiérrez de Mendoza

Juana Belén Gutiérrez de Mendoza (27 January 187513 July 1942) was an anarchist and feminist activist, typographer, journalist and poet born in San Juan del Río, Durango, Mexico. While many women contributed in the Mexican Revolution 1910-1920 by fighting alongside their husbands, others wrote against the injustices of the Díaz regime. In May 1901 she found an anti-Díaz newspaper called "Vésper". She attacked the clergy in Guanajuato and wrote against foreign domination in Mexico. She also wrote against the Díaz regime and criticized Díaz for not carrying out the requests and needs of the people. As a result her newspaper was confiscated and she was also put in jail several times by Díaz between 1904 and 1920. She established a new newspaper called "El Desmonte" (1900-1919) and continued her writings. She encouraged workers and peasants to vote as she wrote “not to integrate power, but to disintegrate it, as a means of forming, not a new oligarchy but of transforming the oligarchies into truly public administrations.” She argued that the Mexican Population could not count on the leadership of political parties given that they wanted to obtain office in order to protect their own interests. To propagate liberation ideology throughout Mexico, Juana Belén Gutiérrez de Mendoza translated the works of Peter Kropotkin, Mikhail Bakunin, and Pierre Joseph Proudhon to Spanish. Even though she was intimidated throughout her life, she continued writing and educating the public on the injustices the different governments brought upon Mexico. She is one of the many intellectuals who contributed with her writings to the Mexican Revolution.
She was also a Caxcan Indian from the state of Durango.

</doc>
<doc id="20473503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473503" title="Daniel Spagnou">
Daniel Spagnou

Daniel Spagnou (born 22 September 1940 in Barcelonnette, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the second constituency of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473516" title="Danielle Bousquet">
Danielle Bousquet

Danielle Bousquet (born May 10, 1945) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Côtes-d'Armor department and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20473528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473528" title="Bath School">
Bath School

Bath School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20473555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473555" title="Danièle Hoffman-Rispal">
Danièle Hoffman-Rispal

Danièle Hoffman-Rispal (born June 22, 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the city of Paris, and is a member of the parliamentary group Groupe Socialiste, républicain et citoyen (SRC).

</doc>
<doc id="20473565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473565" title="David Habib">
David Habib

David Habib (born March 16, 1961) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20473578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473578" title="Delphine Batho">
Delphine Batho

Delphine Batho (born in Paris on 23 March 1973) is a French Socialist Party politician. She was France's minister of ecology, sustainable development, and energy between June 21, 2012 and 2nd July, 2013. She had to leave the government because she openly criticized the government and the budget restrictions for her own ministry. She was previously named "ministre délégué" at the French Ministry of Justice. She was elected to the National Assembly of France from the 2nd constituency of Deux-Sèvres on behalf of the Socialist, Radical, Citizen, and Miscellaneous Left grouping. It had been rumoured that the relationship between Delphine Batho and Christiane Taubira, her Senior Minister for Justice, was tense, leading to her removal from the Ministry of Justice.
President of the FIDL.
Batho began her militant activity in the high-school students' union FIDL (Fédération indépendante et démocratique lycéenne) while attending the Lycée Henri IV in Paris. She was elected president of the union in 1990 and became well known for her activism on behalf of students' rights and for the means to study. Following nearly two months of strikes the movement obtained from Lionel Jospin, the Minister for Education, a pledge to spend 4.5 million francs on renovating high schools and to protect certain student rights. In 1992 she left high school, and thus the FIDL, to study history.
Vice-President of "SOS Racisme".
Batho joined the anti-racist movement SOS Racisme and when its leadership was renewed in September 1992 Fodé Sylla, aged 29, became president and Batho, a representative of the "second generation SOS" in the words of "Le Monde", was elected vice-president.
The Socialist Party.
Batho joined the French Socialist Party (Parti Socialiste – PS) in the mid-1990s as a militant in the Grigny (Essonne) section. She participated, together with Julien Dray, in the party's Socialist Left tendency. At the party's Grenoble Congress she was elected to the national executive committee of the PS. In 2003, during the breakup of the socialist left, she remained loyal to Dray, who employed her at the Île-de-France Regional Council, where she was responsible for security matters. In 2004 she became National Secretary of the PS in charge of security, where she defended the policy of preventative sanctions.
Her thoughts on security matters were taken into account by Ségolène Royal, the PS candidate in the French Presidential Election of 2007, who incorporated them into her "just order".
Election to the National Assembly in 2007.
In the parliamentary elections of 2007 Batho was the PS's candidate in the 2nd constituency of Deux-Sèvres, which Ségolène Royal had represented before running in the presidential election of that year. In the PS internal nomination contest, she received 54.75% of the vote as against 45.25% for Eric Gauthier, Ms Royal's former "suppléant" (reserve).
In the first round of the elections, held on 10 June, she received 20,690 votes (a 44.55% share), ahead of the second-placed Jean-Pierre Griffault, who received 16,131 votes (34.73%) for the UMP. In the second, run-off round, Griffault gained a 42.58% share (19,669 votes), and Batho was elected with 57.42% of the total ballot (26,524 votes).
Controversy regarding her housing.
In March 2012, Delphine Batho was criticised when "Le Monde" revealed that she was the tenant of an apartment reserved for low-income families despite her own relatively high income.
References.
"Translator's note: These are in French."

</doc>
<doc id="20473586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473586" title="Denis Jacquat">
Denis Jacquat

Denis Jacquat (born May 29, 1944 in Thiaucourt-Regniéville, Meurthe-et-Moselle) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Moselle department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473599" title="Didier Gonzales">
Didier Gonzales

Didier Gonzales (born September 14, 1960) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Val-de-Marne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473611" title="Didier Mathus">
Didier Mathus

Didier Mathus (born May 25, 1952) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Saône-et-Loire department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20473612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473612" title="Sunray in the Rave Cave">
Sunray in the Rave Cave

Sunray in the Rave Cave is the second EP by The E.L.F., released on 4 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20473619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473619" title="Didier Migaud">
Didier Migaud

Didier Migaud (born June 6, 1952) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Isère department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.
In February 2010, he was nominated as the Chief Baron ("premier président") of the Court of Audit of France which was left vacant after the death of Philippe Séguin.
Anecdotes.
On October 7, 2010, Didier Migaud answers 76 the " question : how much make 7 times 9 ? " , adhesive posed by the journalist of BFM TV, before beginning again himself to give the good answer.

</doc>
<doc id="20473632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473632" title="Didier Robert">
Didier Robert

Didier Robert (born 26 April 1964) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the island of Réunion, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
Robert has served as President of the Regional Council of Réunion since 26 March 2010, succeeding Paul Vergès.

</doc>
<doc id="20473643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473643" title="Dino Cinieri">
Dino Cinieri

Dino Cinieri (born July 9, 1955 in Firminy, Loire) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Loire department, and is a member of the Christian Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20473654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473654" title="Dominique Baert">
Dominique Baert

Dominique Baert (born October 24, 1959) is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the Nord department. He is a member of the Socialist Party ("Parti Socialiste") and works in association with the SRC parliamentary group.

</doc>
<doc id="20473669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473669" title="Dominique Caillaud">
Dominique Caillaud

Dominique Caillaud (born May 20, 1946 in L'Herbergement, Vendée) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Vendée department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473675" title="Dominique Dord">
Dominique Dord

Dominique Dord (born September 1, 1959 in Chambéry, Savoie) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Savoie department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473685" title="Dominique Le Mèner">
Dominique Le Mèner

Dominique Le Mèner (born November 12, 1958) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Sarthe department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473692" title="USS Casco (ID-1957)">
USS Casco (ID-1957)

The second USS "Casco" (ID-1957) was a cargo ship that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919.
"Casco" was built in 1910 by Flensburger Schiffbauges, Flensburg, Germany as SS "Elmshorn". "Elmshorn" was seized by the United States upon the American entry into World War I. Renamed SS "Casco", she came under the control of the United States Shipping Board. The U.S. Navy's 12th Naval District inspected her for possible naval service on 8 November 1917, and she was converted for naval use at the New York Navy Yard, Brooklyn, New York, prior to formal acquisition. The U.S. Navy acquired her on 7 January 1918 for World War I service on a bareboat charter from the Shipping Board. She was assigned the Identification Number (Id. No.) 1957 and commissioned as USS "Casco" on 8 January 1918, with Lieutenant Commander C. E. Beveridge, USNRF, in command.
"Casco" was assigned to the Naval Overseas Transportation Service. Operated first for United States Army account, and later for United States Shipping Board account, "Casco" carried U.S. Army cargo in four voyages from New York City to France between 20 January 1918 and 4 December 1918. This support of the American Expeditionary Force and the Army of Occupation continued with her last voyage in January 1919, from New York City to Lisbon, Portugal, carrying general cargo and Red Cross supplies. She returned to New York on 3 March 1919
"Casco" was decommissioned on 22 March 1919 and returned to the United States Shipping Board.

</doc>
<doc id="20473704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473704" title="Dominique Orliac">
Dominique Orliac

Dominique Orliac (born March 15, 1952 in Palaiseau, Essonne) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Lot department, and is a member of the Radical Party of the Left.

</doc>
<doc id="20473715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473715" title="Dominique Raimbourg">
Dominique Raimbourg

Dominique Raimbourg (born April 28, 1950) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Loire-Atlantique department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20473723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473723" title="Womensforum">
Womensforum

Womensforum is an online community for women. Created by former television reporter and producer Jodi Turek in 1996, the site aggregates data from partner websites aimed at their demographic. Womensforum covers topics such as health, family, and job issues and advice. In 2000, the website obtained $17 million in financing from venture capital firm VantagePoint Venture Partners. As of July 2008, Womensforum had over 40 sites in its network and received more than 6.7 million visitors each month.
As of October 2009, WomensForum partner sites had grown to more than 50.

</doc>
<doc id="20473730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473730" title="Dominique Souchet">
Dominique Souchet

Dominique Souchet (born July 9, 1946 in La Rochelle, Charente-Maritime) was a member of the National Assembly of France between 2008 and 2012. He represented the Vendée department, is a member of the Movement for France and does not align himself with any parliamentary group.

</doc>
<doc id="20473741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473741" title="Dominique Tian">
Dominique Tian

Dominique Tian (born December 14, 1959) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Bouches-du-Rhône department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473756" title="Fabienne Labrette-Ménager">
Fabienne Labrette-Ménager

Fabienne Labrette-Ménager (born January 8, 1961) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Sarthe department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
Biography.
She made her entry into politics in 2001 while jointly becoming adjunct to the mayor of Fresnay-sur-Sarthe and counselor-general for the canton of Fresnay-sur-Sarthe.
At the time of the regional elections in 2004, she appeared on the list of UDF-UMP led by François Fillon. Although this list was beaten in the 2nd round, she was elected to the district council of the Pays de la Loire. At that time, she relinquished her appointment as counselor for Fresnay-sur-Sarthe.
Fabienne Labrette-Domestic was elected deputy on June 17, 2007 for the XIIIe legislature (2007–2012), in the 1st district of the Sarthe by defeating, in the second round, Françoise Dubois (PS) with 56.55% of the vote. She thereby succeeds Pierre Hellier (UMP) who did not represent himself. She is a member of the commissions for economic affairs, for the environment and for the region.

</doc>
<doc id="20473766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473766" title="Francis Hillmeyer">
Francis Hillmeyer

Francis Hillmeyer (born September 9, 1946 in Mulhouse, Haut-Rhin) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Haut-Rhin department, and is a member of the New Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20473777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473777" title="China Banknote Printing and Minting Corporation">
China Banknote Printing and Minting Corporation

China Banknote Printing and Minting Corporation (CBPMC), () is a state-owned corporation which carries out the minting of all renminbi coins and printing of renminbi banknotes for the People's Republic of China headquartered in Beijing.
CBPMC uses a network of printing and engraving and minting facilities around the country to produce banknotes and coins for subsequent distribution. Banknote printing facilities are based in
Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu, Xi'an, Shijiazhuang, and Nanchang.
Mints are located in Nanjing, Shanghai, and Shenyang. Also, high grade paper for the banknotes is produced at two facilities in Baoding and Kunshan. The Baoding facility is the largest facility in the world dedicated to developing banknote material according to its website.
In addition, the People's Bank of China has its own printing technology research division which research new techniques for creating banknotes and making counterfeiting more difficult.
The CBPMC bases its production of currency on the macroeconomic planning of the People's Bank of China.

</doc>
<doc id="20473778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473778" title="Francis Saint-Léger">
Francis Saint-Léger

Francis Saint-Léger (born February 22, 1957 in Mende, Lozère) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Lozère department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473787" title="Ravensworth (plantation)">
Ravensworth (plantation)

Ravensworth was an 18th-century plantation near Annandale in Fairfax County, Virginia. Ravensworth was the Northern Virginia residence of William Fitzhugh, William Henry Fitzhugh, Mary Lee Fitzhugh Custis, and William Henry Fitzhugh Lee. It was built in 1796.
Location.
Ravensworth was located near Annandale, Virginia, south of Braddock Road, west of the Capital Beltway (Interstate 495).
History.
It was one of three mansions built on the large Ravensworth land grant; the other two were Ossian Hall and Oak Hill. William Fitzhugh had also purchased a townhouse in Alexandria at 607 Oronoco Street in 1799, which his family - in 1818 - loaned to their cousin, Anne Hill Carter Lee, widow of Henry "Light Horse Harry" Lee, and her eleven-year-old son, Robert Edward. Eleven years later, on 26 July 1829, Ann Hill Carter Lee died at Ravensworth.
William Fitzhugh died and was buried there in 1809. 
Ravensworth then passed to Fitzhugh's son William Henry Fitzhugh, who died in 1830. William Henry Fitzhugh's childless widow, Anna Maria Sarah Goldsborough Fitzhugh, ran the estate until her death in 1874.
William Fitzhugh and Ann Bolling Randolph's daughter Mary Lee Fitzhugh married George Washington Parke Custis (Martha Washington's grandson) and became the mistress of Arlington House. Their grandson, Confederate general William Henry Fitzhugh "Rooney" Lee, inherited Ravensworth after the death of his great-aunt and lived there from 1874 until his death in 1891.
The house mysteriously burned on 1 August, 1926.
In 1957, Dr. George Bolling Lee's widow sold the estate for development.

</doc>
<doc id="20473788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473788" title="Francis Vercamer">
Francis Vercamer

Francis Vercamer (born May 10, 1958 in Lille, Nord) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Nord department, and is a member of the New Centre. He is the mayor of Hem, Nord.

</doc>
<doc id="20473797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473797" title="Franck Gilard">
Franck Gilard

Franck Gilard (born November 1, 1950) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Eure department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473818" title="Chivicura">
Chivicura

Chivicura was a fort erected in 1593 by the Royal Governor of Chile, Martín García Oñez de Loyola on the south bank of the Biobío River, to the west of the confluence of the Rele River with the Bio Bio, in what is now the commune of Santa Juana, Chile. It was in communication with the fort Jesus de Huenuraquí across the river securing the communications of the city of Santa Cruz de Coya in Catirai. Both forts and the city were destroyed by the Moluche in 1599. The name Chivicura means light stone, from "chiv" or "shyv", light and from "cura", stone.

</doc>
<doc id="20473822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473822" title="Franck Marlin">
Franck Marlin

Franck Marlin (born September 30, 1964) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the 2nd constituency of the Essonne département, 
Marlin was born in Orléans, Loiret, and is a member of the "Union pour un Mouvement Populaire" (UMP).

</doc>
<doc id="20473830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473830" title="Jean-Claude Scraire">
Jean-Claude Scraire

Jean-Claude Scraire (born 1946) is a Canadian lawyer and former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (CDP). Since 2002, he has been working as an independent advisor on matters of strategic development with various organizations and enterprises in Asia, Europe, and Quebec.
Biography.
Jean-Claude Scraire was born in Montreal in 1946. He worked with the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (CDP) for 22 years, where he successively held the positions of Legal Counsel; Legal Affairs Director; Executive Vice-President, Legal and Institutional Affairs and Real Estate Investments; and Chief Operations Officer. He was appointed Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer in 1995.
A member of the Barreau du Québec, he began his career as an attorney for a private firm specializing in commercial law. From 1974 to 1981, he held various management positions within the Quebec public administration, most notably at the ministère de la Justice.
He has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Fondation de l’entrepreneurship; Governor of the Regroupement des jeunes gens d’affaires; Governor of the Fondation du maire de Montréal pour la jeunesse. He is also a past member of the Association des gens d’affaires des Premiers Peuples; the Montreal Council on Foreign relations; the Cercle des présidents du Québec; the Association d’affaires Canada-Égypte; and the Quebec-Japan Business Forum, as well as of various chambers of commerce including the Board of Trade of Metropolitan Montreal, the Chambre de commerce du Québec, the Chambre de commerce française du Canada, and the Italian Chamber of Commerce in Canada.
He is the recipient of several awards including the Ordre du mérite from the Association des diplômés de l’Université de Montréal; the Award of Merit from B'nai Brith Canada; the Prix Dimensions from the Ordre des administrateurs du Québec, of which he was a member; the Prix Hommage Équinoxe from the Société des relationnistes du Québec; and the Jerusalem 3000 Medallion from the Montreal Jewish community. The development of the Quartier international de Montréal to which he actively participated—and of which the Centre CDP Capital is a major element, was the object of professional and public acknowledgment and recognition on numerous occasions.
In May 2002, after seven years at the helm of the CDP, he released his recommendations regarding the governance of the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec: "Modernizing to ensure a stronger future".
He climbed Mount Kilimanjaro in February 2006; Le monde juridique, Vol. 16, No. 3 (Spring 2006).

</doc>
<doc id="20473833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473833" title="Franck Reynier">
Franck Reynier

Franck Reynier (born October 20, 1965 in Montélimar, Drôme) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Drôme department, and has been the vice president of the Radical Party since 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20473845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473845" title="Franck Riester">
Franck Riester

Franck Riester (born January 3, 1974) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Seine-et-Marne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. He came out as gay in 2011, the first French MP to do so so far.

</doc>
<doc id="20473850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473850" title="Port of Albany–Rensselaer">
Port of Albany–Rensselaer

The Port of Albany–Rensselaer, widely known as the Port of Albany, is a port of entry in the United States with facilities on both sides of the Hudson River in Albany and Rensselaer, New York. Private and public port facilities have existed in both cities since the 17th century, with an increase in shipping after the Albany Basin and Erie Canal were built with public funds in 1825. The port's modern name didn't come into widespread use until 1925; the current port was constructed in 1932 under the governorship of Franklin D. Roosevelt and included the largest grain elevator in the world at the time. Today the grain elevator remains the largest in the United States east of the Mississippi River, and the port also hosts the tallest harbor crane in the state of New York. The port has rail connections with the Albany Port Railroad which allows for connections with CSXT and CP Rail, and is near several interstates and the New York State Canal System. The port features several tourist attractions as well, such as the USS "Slater" (DE-766), the only destroyer escort still afloat in the United States.
Geography.
The Port of Albany consists of roughly , including about 202 acres (82 ha) in Albany and 34 acres (14 ha) in Rensselaer. It is north of New York Harbor. From New York Harbor to the Federal Dam three miles (5 km) north of Albany, the Hudson River is an estuary of the Atlantic Ocean. The Hudson has a deep water shipping channel across, and at Albany the river is across with a maximum saltwater draft and a mean range of tides of . The port is at sea level.
History.
Since the founding of Albany in 1624 as a trading post, shipping has been important to its growth and prosperity. Furs (especially beaver), timber, and farm produce were important exports while European people and goods were shipped in. The Dongan Charter, which established Albany as a city, made Albany the exclusive market town in the upper Hudson River Valley. From its beginning, the port consisted of hastily built docks built every spring and destroyed every winter by erosion, flooding, ice, and tidal action. Three city-owned docks were established in 1766, the northern and southern ones later being expanded into wharves.
Many historically significant ships used Albany as their home port. The "Experiment" left Albany in 1785 to become the second American ship to sail to China. In 1809 Robert Fulton's "Clermont" became the first commercially viable steamboat when it left Albany and sailed down the Hudson to the city of New York. In 1825 a long and wide pier was constructed from, and perpendicular to, Albany's shoreline. Along with two bridges the pier enclosed roughly of the Hudson River as the Albany Basin. The construction of the pier and bridges cost $119,980. The basin was located where the Erie Canal, constructed between 1818 and 1825, met the Hudson River. The basin could accommodate 1,000 canal boats and 50 steamboat moorings. Along the Erie Canal within the city's North Albany neighborhood private wharves and slips were constructed for use in the lumber trade, this soon became the large and prosperous Albany Lumber District of national importance. In 1860 Albany, along with nearby Watervliet and Troy, was the largest lumber market in the state. The Maiden Lane Bridge was constructed in 1871 over the basin to connect Albany with the east side of the river, it was open to railroad traffic only.
The Albany Port District was established in 1925 under New York law Chapter 192. This was only four years after the interstate compact that created the Port of New York Authority (later renamed the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey). In 1932 Governor Franklin D. Roosevelt unveiled a modern port to replace the aging infrastructure of the Albany Basin and the lumber district along the Erie Canal in the North Albany neighborhood. The port was constructed on around on Westerlo Island in the southern end of Albany along with approximately across the river in the city of Rensselaer. The grain elevator at the port, built during the original construction in 1932, was the largest in the world and as of 2008 is still considered to be the largest in the United States east of the Mississippi River.
The area of Albany's original port (the Albany Basin) has been covered by Interstate 787 and the Corning Preserve (Riverfront Park) since the very early 1970s. In 1979 remnants of the basin wall were excavated from the preserve's lagoon by Phillip Lord working for the New York State Museum.
A Master Plan adopted in 2000 called for the port to be transformed into a container port, which led to the purchase of the largest harbor crane in the state. In 2002, the Port District Commission took the lead in the development of Albany's Riverfront Park in the Corning Preserve as part of a development to enhance Albany's access to the river. The port helped in financing the project and in the construction of two bulkheads which have seasonal floating docks attached. In a 2005 audit, the Office of the State Comptroller questioned the port's involvement in the construction and financing. Two issues raised were the port district's lack of authority to build docks for non-commercial use and that the port would receive no income for facilities it was financing. The port received $3.3 million in 2002 to upgrade and become a member of the Inland Distribution Network, a select group of ports that are used as satellite locations for the distribution of container cargo from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, resulting in less congestion at downstate ports and highways.
On December 9, 2003, the "Stellamare", a Dutch-owned ship, capsized at the port, killing three Russian crewmembers. The ship was hauling General Electric generators when it overturned. The United States Coast Guard determined that poor communication resulting from the supervisors speaking Dutch while the crew spoke Russian, with English being used as a relay, was a contributing factor to mismanagement of ballast tanks. In the early spring of 2008 a port employee was arrested for stealing copper. This in turn led to investigations of employee theft which resulted in the arrest of an operations manager and a maintenance foreman for larceny. In 2008 the port received two awards from the Railway Industrial Clearance Association. One award was for customer satisfaction and the other for being the most improved port in the United States for handling heavy lift cargo.
Future.
The Port of Albany is replacing of wharvage at a cost of $7.6 million in 2008 and 2009.
In late March 2008 a proposal for a $350 million ethanol plant was approved by the Albany Port District Commission, but the project has been held up due to financing issues.
Governance.
The Albany Port District Commission is a public benefit corporation created by the state of New York to develop and manage port facilities anywhere in the cities of Albany and Rensselaer. The commission has five members, four of which are nominated by the mayor of Albany and one is nominated by the mayor of Rensselaer. The governor of New York then appoints them to three-year terms. The commissioners serve without pay, but are compensated for business related expenses. The commission is considered to be a unit of the city of Albany and is included in the city's financial statements. Any deficit in the finances of the commission are assessed against both Albany and Rensselaer. In 1932 the state decided that any deficit assessment would be based on Albany owing 88% of the total and Rensselaer 12%. In 2005 the commission had a staff of 35 employees: eight in administrative duties, five in maintenance, and 22 as part-time security.
Economy.
The Port of Albany and the private companies located there bring to the Capital District's economy $428 million in direct spending and 1,382 jobs. The port has a U.S. Customs office as it is a port of entry. The Albany Port Customs District includes all of the following counties: Albany, Columbia, Delaware, Fulton, Greene, Montgomery, Otsego, Rensselaer, Saratoga, Schenectady, Schoharie, Warren, and Washington; along with the parts of Dutchess, Sullivan, and Ulster counties north of 41° 42' N. latitude. The on the Rensselaer side of the port is site C of Foreign Trade Zone number 121. A significant amount of the port is part of New York's Empire Zone program, which gives port tenants breaks on state income tax along with various benefits and tax breaks from the city of Albany.
Connections.
The Port of Albany is roughly east of Buffalo, south of Montreal, west of Boston, and north of the city of New York which makes it a location for regional distribution in the Northeastern United States and parts of Canada. As part of the Inland Distribution Network, the Port of Albany has a twice-weekly barge service to and from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey terminals. Shipments into the port can leave through many modes of transportation, including by truck and rail. Albany International Airport is 15 minutes away with cargo facilities. Canals allow for further water transportation on barges further into the interior of North America. The port also handles commodities that are not carried on ships. Grain, molasses, animal feed, wood pulp, and steel often go from inbound trains to outbound trucks.
Rail.
The Albany Port Railroad (APRR), owned jointly by CSX and Canadian Pacific Railway (CP Rail), has of track inside the port. The APRR ties into CP Rail's Colonie Mainline and CSX's Port Subdivision for rail traffic out of the port. Norfolk Southern has an intermodal yard at the port. CP Rail's Kenwood Yard is adjacent to the port. The North Albany–Erie Street Yard, also owned by CP Rail, is a few miles north of the port and still in the city of Albany. CSX owns two nearby yards: the Selkirk Yard is eight miles (13 km) south of the port, and the West Albany Yard is four miles (6 km) north.
Truck.
Major Interstates in proximity are:
Water-to-water.
The Port of Albany is just south of where the New York State Canal System begins at the Federal Dam in Troy. The Erie Canal allows for water navigation to the Great Lakes, and the Champlain Canal connects the Hudson River to Lake Champlain. The Richelieu River/Chambly Canal then connects Lake Champlain to the St. Lawrence Seaway and Montreal.
Facilities.
The Port of Albany includes:
Maritime services.
Stevedoring operations at the Port of Albany are managed by Federal Marine Terminals, Inc. and Port Albany Ventures, LLC. The Hudson River Pilots Association handles pilotage on the Hudson River.
Tenants.
The rent from the 32 businesses at the port contributes $2.76 million in revenue for the port. Tenants include Global Partners LP which has a petroleum distillates terminal with a capacity of .
Cargo.
Some commodities come through the port on a regular basis, others are special cargo for a limited time. Such limited time cargo includes subway cars shipped to Albany from Brazil in 2006 for six months, and diameter pipes with associated materials from Italy first shipped in May 2007. The pipes were for a long natural gas pipeline and included of material in about a dozen ships. Commodities shipped to or from Albany on a regular basis include:
Tourism.
Along with commercial activities the Port of Albany has non-industrial uses along the river. A ship museum and a tourism cruise ship are docked at the Steamboat Square. Steamboat Square was, until 2010, named the Snow Dock for being where city trucks dumped into the Hudson River snow plowed from the streets. A PortFest was held in 2007 to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the Port of Albany-Rennselaer and the 10th anniversary of the USS "Slater" as a museum docked at Albany. National Maritime Day is celebrated with free trolley rides of the port and free rides aboard the Dutch Apple Cruise.
The USS "Slater" (DE-766), which is the only destroyer escort still afloat in the United States, sits at Steamboat Square near the foot of Madison Avenue. The ship is open from April to November to the public. The destroyer closes to the public from December to March and moves from the Steamboat Square to the port's Rensselaer side. In August 2008 part of the Japanese film "Orion in Midsummer" (scheduled for release in spring 2009) was filmed on board.
Dutch Apple Cruises, a private company which gives day cruises on the Hudson River and Erie Canal, also operates at the Steamboat Square. The city of Albany has a public boat launch and boat house along the Hudson in the Corning Preserve. The boat house and launch are used by the Albany Rowing Center, a non-profit rowing organization.
On the Rensselaer side of the Hudson is the Albany Yacht Club. The club was founded in the city of Albany in 1873 and is one of the oldest yacht clubs in the nation. In 1954 the club moved to the Rensselaer side and since 1971 has been at its current location just south of the Dunn Memorial Bridge. Facilities are open to the public at large and not just to members.

</doc>
<doc id="20473858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473858" title="Ricardo de Ortega y Diez">
Ricardo de Ortega y Diez

Ricardo de Ortega y Diez (1838—1917) was a Spanish general. He served as interim Governor-General of Puerto Rico during three periods of the Spanish-American War, and occupied various other posts. Born in Madrid, Spain, Ortega y Diez attended the Colegio de Infantería and became a sub-lieutenant at the age of 17.
From 1859 to 1860, he served in Africa obtaining the rank of captain. On 24 May 1873, he received the rank of lieutenant general and participated in several actions against Carlists. In early 1880s, he was the Director of the Central Shooting School, inventing a quick loader for rifles in 1889.
In 1892, he reached the rank of division general and returned to Africa the following year to work with the tribes of Melilla. In 1895, he served as Military Governor of Madrid. On 19 February 1896, he was named second corporal of the Capitanía General of Puerto Rico and Military Governor of San Juan.
After the Spanish-American War, he received the rank of lieutenant general in 1901. In 1903 he received the rank of Captain General of the Balearic Islands until 1910. That year he turned to the Reserve after 54 years of military service. He died in Madrid, Spain, on 3 December 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="20473864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473864" title="François-Xavier Villain">
François-Xavier Villain

François-Xavier Villain (born 31 May 1950 in Abbeville, Somme) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Nord department, and is a member of Arise the Republic, a small Gaullist party led by Nicolas Dupont-Aignan. He is also mayor of Cambrai.

</doc>
<doc id="20473874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473874" title="François Asensi">
François Asensi

François Asensi (born June 1, 1945 in Santander) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Seine-Saint-Denis department, and is a member of the "Gauche démocrate et républicaine".

</doc>
<doc id="20473887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473887" title="François Brottes">
François Brottes

François Brottes (born March 31, 1956 in Valence, Drôme) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Isère department and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche. Brottes also serves as the mayor of Crolles.

</doc>
<doc id="20473893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473893" title="Elza Medeiros">
Elza Medeiros

Elza Cansanção Medeiros or Major Elza (October 21, 1921- December 8, 2009) was a Brazilian Army officer and World War II veteran. She was the highest-ranking female officer in the Brazilian Army with the rank of Major. She went to Italy during the war along with the Brazilian Expeditionary Force as a nurse.
She used to lecture about the Brazilian participation in World War II.
Elza Cansanção Medeiros died on December 8, 2009, in Rio de Janeiro.[http://odia.terra.com.br/portal/rio/html/2009/12/morre_no_rio_a_primeira_voluntaria_brasileira_na_2_guerra_mundial_51958.html]

</doc>
<doc id="20473905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473905" title="François Cornut-Gentille">
François Cornut-Gentille

François Cornut-Gentille (born 22 May 1958 in Saint-Mandé, Val-de-Marne) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Haute-Marne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473917" title="François Goulard">
François Goulard

François Goulard (born September 21, 1953 in Vannes) was a member of the National Assembly of France. He represented the Morbihan department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473927" title="François Grosdidier">
François Grosdidier

François Grosdidier (born February 25, 1961 in Metz) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Moselle department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473938" title="François Loncle">
François Loncle

François Loncle (born October 21, 1941) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Eure department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20473944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473944" title="François Rochebloine">
François Rochebloine

François Rochebloine (born October 31, 1945 in Saint-Chamond, Loire) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Loire department, and is a member of the New Centre. The Azerbaijani government has blacklisted Rochebloine who visited Nagorno-Karabakh in June 2010 without Baku’s permission.

</doc>
<doc id="20473952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473952" title="François Scellier">
François Scellier

François Scellier (born May 7, 1936 in Amiens, Somme) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Val-d'Oise department, and is a member of the Radical Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20473961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473961" title="François Vannson">
François Vannson

François Vannson (born October 20, 1962) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Vosges department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473962" title="Linda Wang (actress)">
Linda Wang (actress)

Linda Hsien Wang is an Asian American actress. She traces her ancestry to China. Born in Taipei, Taiwan (the island of Formosa), she was raised in Queens, New York. Also known as Linda Wang, Linda H. Wang and 王憲苓 (Wáng Xiànlíng), Known as 王憲苓 (Wáng Xiànlíng) in Asia, she has been profiled in Chinese media. She currently resides in the Los Angeles area.
Biography.
Early life and education.
At seven years old, Linda Wang began modeling for Kodak film. Later, during her first year in high school, she auditioned for the part of Field Reporter in "Pushing Hands" (1992) (Chinese: 推手; pinyin: tuī shǒu). The Oscar award winning director Ang Lee told her she was just too young for the part. They spent half an hour talking about Wang's pen and ink artwork "Repeating" which at the time was being exhibited at the New York Transit Museum. However, Wang stated Lee also gave her valuable advice on where to study and how to continue to pursue her acting career. Three months later, Wang auditioned and was accepted to study for two years under the teen program with the late Herbert Berghof (co-founder, with wife Uta Hagen, of the HB Studio, NYC). She then went on to New York University, and studied at the Lee Strasberg Theatre Academy.
Career.
Film.
Linda Wang's Hollywood film career includes a heartbreaking role in Neal Hollander's controversial film "Birds of Passage" as "Fu Ling" opposite Stacy Keach. The film was banned in certain locations in China due to the One-Child Policy story line, and was instead filmed on location in the Philippines and South China sea. She also starred with actor Ernie Rivera in the Indie film "Red Betta", directed by Allena Rennee. Additional notable appearances were in "The Violent Kind", "Scarred City", "Dead Air", "Dark City" and "What Ever Happened to Mason Reese?" which was directed by Brett Ratner.
Her recent off-screen film credit was in the 2008 comedy "Tropic Thunder". Wang had previously worked as a Chinese script translator for the producer and writer David Milch on several episodes of his HBO hit television show "Deadwood". She had openly expressed her regrets for not standing up for her rights for screen credit for her work on "Deadwood" to Milch. Wang was later recommended by Milch to one of the casting directors of the film "Tropic Thunder" and was immediately hired by producer Eric McLeod as the Chinese script translator to aid writers Justin Theroux and Etan Cohen during pre-production. She was asked to come back but would only work under the condition that she received screen credit for her work. McLeod agreed and Wang went on to work as the on-set script translator for director Ben Stiller and dialogue coach for Robert Downey, Jr., as well as other actors such as Reggie Lee and Brandon Soo Hoo that had Chinese dialogue in the film.
In 2013 Linda Wang played an evil villain named Contessa Dell"Oro, a Non Asian role, as the leader of an army of commandos who plot to destroy all human life on earth with the devastating X-bomb Nuclear Missile in a dark comedy called
Blonde Squad (2014)
Linda Wang completed the film "Low Down" in 2013, which the film WON Best Cinematography Award in the US Dramatic category at Sundance Film Festival in 2014. Written by: Amy Albany and Topper Lilien. Directed by: Jeff Priess. Stars: Elle Fanning , Glen Close, John Hawkes, Peter Dinklage, Lena Headey, Taryn Manning, Caleb Landry Jones and Flea. (Cast by Justine Baddeley & Kim Davis-Wagner ) Intriguingly, Wang had previously worked with Hawkes on the HBO series "Deadwood" as a Chinese translator and character during the show in 2004 to 2005. The award winning film is about Joe Albany a well known Jazz musician the story line was told through the wise eyes of his young daughter, Amy, Low Down chronicles the torrid, true life of jazz pianist Joe Albany. Born into her beloved father’s unorthodox segment of society, Amy’s improvisational adolescence evolves in the shadow of Joe’s struggle between his musical genius and a suffocating heroin addiction.
Linda Wang is currently in Post for Martin Scorsese's "Revenge of the Green Dragons" which she shot in her home town Elmhurst, Queens, New York. Written by : Michael Di Jiacomo. Stars: Ray Liotta, Harry Shum, Jr., Justin Chon, Kevin Wu and Jin Auyeung. Directed by the Dual Andrews -Andrew Lau and Andrew Loo (Cast by Avy Kaufman) Wang played the mother of two boys drawn into the world of Asian gangs in Queens, New York.The film Revenge of the Green Dragons is close to heart to Wang due to the fact that the lead characters including the victims and youth gang members all grew up with her from elementary school. Interestingly, the star female character Tina Sham in the film was Linda Wang's real life best friend in Junior High School who later was murdered along side Sham's boyfriend Tommy Mach tragically in Sands points , Long Island by the malicious Queens, New York gang the Green Dragons. Wang was quoted saying in a recent interview: "The lead character Tina Sham was my real-life best friend. Unfortunately, she was tragically killed and her death broke my heart into a thousand pieces, I was never the same." (Quoted from an article -Actress Linda Wang gives the lowdown on her role in the biopic drama 'Low Down' and her Life...)
Linda Wang is currently wrapping up filming the SAG feature film "My Favorite Five" with Steven Williams, Rochelle Aytes and Brian White directed by Paul Hannah.
Television.
Wang has appeared on HBO's "Deadwood", "House M.D.", Comedy Central’s "The Naked Trucker & the T Bone Show", and the Spanish series "Secretos". She also had a cameo role on "8 Simple Rules" as David Spade's speed date. For several years, Wang worked on numerous sketch comedy skits on NBC's Late Night with Conan O'Brien show, most notably as the recurring masturbating bear's girlfriend. Wang also appeared alongside Will Farrell & Chris Kattan as the three Nagano Geishas on Saturday Night Live. She has also had roles in the soap operas "One Life to Live", "Port Charles", "Another World", "Guiding Light", "As the World Turns", and "Days of our Lives". Wang also made a guest appearance in children's television including "Sesame Street" and "Mathnet".
In 2010, Linda Wang can be seen doing a skit with Tracy Morgan and Jimmy Kimmel on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" Wang will also be co-starring with John Schneider on a New TV Pilot called "Back Nine" directed by Jason Filardi and written by Mark Perez for Spike TV. In 2011, she worked on "Sports Show with Norm Macdonald", a pilot for Comedy Central with Norm Macdonald and Ben Hoffman.
Theatre.
Wang's theatre experience includes starring as Rose Choy in "Serenade In Blue" written by the late Tony Award-nominated playwright Jerome Coopersmith, and directed by the Emmy Award-winning director Yanna Kroyt Brandt at the prestigious Lincoln Center Theater, New York City. Linda also starred as Pocahontas in an AEA stage production of "Disney Friends around the World". For the past few years , you may seen a glimpse of Linda Wang's 3 min stand up comedy act at the M Bar on Sunset Blvd.
Voice-overs.
Linda Wang was the former Citibank worldwide Chinese Mandarin spokesperson for five years. She has also had Chinese Mandarin voice-overs in multiple voice commercials, including the Standard Federal Savings bank, The American Diabetes Foundation, Hepatitis B Foundation, Anti-smoking USA, AT&T, MasterCard, Magellan, IDT, Colgate, Apple Savings bank, Holdcom, Bizfon, Ford Motor Company, US Postal services, Berkley Productions, Smirnoff, Western Union, and Honda Accord. She is in her third year as voice of the Mandarin Chinese spokesperson spot for AIG, alongside actress Stockard Channing. She also provided the voice of "Sexy bathhouse girl" in the video game "James Bond 007: Rogue Agent—GoldenEye" among others. She also provided the voice of Ming in the children's animated series "Sagwa, the Chinese Siamese Cat".
Music videos.
In 2007, Linda Wang appeared in the music video "Home" for the Irish pop group Westlife. In 2014 you will see Linda Wang in a Film starring Flea of the rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers called Low Down Directed by Jeff Preiss which won the Best Cinematography award at Sundance Film Festival 2014.
Modeling.
As a former Miss Teen Pola Asia, Linda Wang is the upcoming spokesmodel for Soho Sportswear for the Asian market. She was asked to design a few items under the Linda Wang Line. Having been previously a Pantene Pro-V hair model, Wang has also been chosen as the first female hand-model for Scrabble in 75 years. Recently, Linda Wang was chosen to be Face Model on BIOLASE print ad world wide.,
Charity work.
Since March 1997, Linda Wang has been a volunteer member promoting "Kids for Kids", the New York City Pediatric AIDS foundation benefit. In Los Angeles, Wang participated in the VERB Campaigns for both Disney and Nickelodeon TV, a program designed to encourage children to take the hour gained from the fall time change to be more active physically. She also participates in various animal protection organizations' charitable events.

</doc>
<doc id="20473967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473967" title="Marvin Martin">
Marvin Martin

Marvin Martin ( ; born 10 January 1988) is a French international footballer who currently plays for French club Lille in Ligue 1. He plays as a creative play-making midfielder and is described as a player with "very good technique on the ball" and "excellent vision", which compensates for his relatively small frame. Martin is a former France youth international having starred for his country at under-21 level from 2008–2010.
Club career.
Early career.
Martin was born in the 14th arrondissement of Paris and hails from the Porte de Vanves area. He therefore grew up close to the Parc des Princes and regularly attended Paris Saint-Germain games, developing a passion for the French capital club. He began his football career at Club Athlétique de Paris at the age of six and, after two years at the club, joined sports club Montrouge CF in the southern Parisian suburbs. Martin's commitment to football accelerated after the France national team won the 1998 FIFA World Cup. He described the victory as "the moment I wanted become a professional player". While playing at Montrouge, Martin trained and played alongside Hatem Ben Arfa, Issiar Dia, Flavien Belson, and Dominique Malonga. The quartet were beneficial to the under-13 team that won the Coupe de Paris in 1997 defeating Paris Saint-Germain in the final. 
After showing potential at Montrouge, Martin attended trials at the Clairefontaine academy with hopes of earning selection to the prestigious school, however, following the conclusion of the camp, he was not selected. However, his domestic teammate Ben Arfa was. Citing the player's failure to earn a spot at Clairefontaine, a coach at Montrouge later stated "I do not know if it gave him added strength, but in any case, he continued to work instead of feeling sorry for himself". In 2002, Martin drew interest from professional club Sochaux after being spotted by club scout Christian Puxel. Club officials offered the player a trial. He accepted the offer and made the trek east to Montbéliard. In July 2002, Martin signed an "aspirant" (youth) contract with the club after impressing during a trial match held at the Stade Bonal.
Sochaux.
Upon his arrival to the club, Martin was inserted into the club's prestigious youth academy and quickly developed a rapport with future teammates Ryad Boudebouz, Sloan Privat, Geoffrey Tulasne, and Frédéric Duplus. Martin was influenced to train hard in the academy by former club player Camel Meriem, as well as academy graduates Jérémy Menez and Mevlüt Erdinç who established themselves at Sochaux at a young age. In 2007, he played on the club's under-19 team that won the Coupe Gambardella. Sochaux defeated Auxerre 5–4 on penalties in the final match, which was played at the Stade de France. As a result of the youth team's cup success, several players on the team, including Martin, were promoted to the club's Championnat de France amateur team in the fourth division. In the 2007–08 Championnat de France amateur season, Martin appeared in a team-high 32 matches and scored three goals as the reserve team finished fourth in its group.
Following the conclusion of the 2007–08 season, Martin signed his first professional contract after agreeing to a three-year deal with the club. He was, subsequently, promoted to the senior team and assigned the number 26 shirt by manager Francis Gillot. Martin made his professional debut on 30 August 2008 in a 2–1 league defeat to Marseille appearing as a substitute. Two weeks later, he made his first professional start in a 2–1 loss to Toulouse. In the team's next four league matches, Gillot inserted Martin as a starter. After the stint of consecutive starts, he rotated between the bench and the first eleven for the rest of the campaign. On 13 May 2009, Martin scored his first professional goal in a 3–0 victory over Monaco. He finished the campaign with 30 total appearances scoring only one goal.
In the 2009–10 season, following the departure of Romain Pitau, Martin was inserted into the starting lineup as his replacement by Gillot for the season. He was a vocal point in the midfield assisting on a goal in the team's second match of the season against Bordeaux. On 26 September 2009, he scored a goal in a 2–1 loss against Nancy and, in the following week, netted the game-winning goal against Le Mans. On 21 January 2010, Martin signed a contract extension with the club until 2014. Martin's play-making abilities began to develop and flourish during the season as he assisted on game-winning goals in victories over Lorient, Rennes, and Lille. In the Coupe de France, he contributed to the club's reaching the quarter-finals as he scored a double in a 4–1 rout of amateur club Beauvais in the Round of 16. Martin finished the successful individual campaign with 40 total appearances, four goals, and four assists.
Martin's importance within the team was further bolstered in the 2010–11 season after the departure of the club's primary playmaker Stéphane Dalmat. Martin switched to the number 14 shirt in reference to the 14th arrondissement of Paris and was tipped to replace him by Gillot. The young midfielder responded positively and scored his first goal of the season on 14 August 2010 in a 3–2 loss against Saint-Étienne. The following month, he scored a goal described by the local media as a "moment of magic" in a 4–0 victory over Nice. Martin developed a strong simpatico with strikers Ideye Brown and Modibo Maiga, as well as winger Nicolas Maurice-Belay assisting on several of each player's goals. By the end of January 2011, Martin had assisted on a league-leading ten goals, which included both goals in the team's 2–1 win over Arles-Avignon on 7 August, another two in a 3–1 win against Caen, and one in a 5–1 thrashing of Rennes on 29 January. Martin also scored a goal in the win over Rennes. His performances during the campaign led to his teammates and friends playfully nicknaming him "Little Xavi" in reference to the Barcelona star. Because of his great performances in midfield throughout the league campaign, Martin was one of four players nominated for the UNFP Young Player of the Year, along with Mamadou Sakho, Yann M'Vila, and Andre Ayew.
Lille.
On 20 June 2012, French club Lille confirmed on its website that Martin had joined the club after agreeing to a five-year deal. The transfer fee was undisclosed and the midfielder joined the club on 1 July.
International career.
During his development years, Martin went unnoticed by youth national team coaches. After establishing himself as a professional, he was called up to the France under-21 team in November 2008 to participate in a friendly match against Denmark. Martin made his youth international debut in the match as a starter. He was substituted out after 61 minutes as France won the match 1–0. Martin featured with the team for the rest of the campaign as France failed to qualify for the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, which effectively ended Martin's under-21 career. On 26 May 2011, after a successful league season with Sochaux, Martin was called up to the senior national team by Laurent Blanc for June fixtures against Belarus, the Ukraine, and Poland. The midfielder described the call up as "a dream" and made his senior international debut on 6 June in the team's friendly match against the Ukraine appearing as a second half substitute with the match drawn 1–1. In the match, Martin scored two goals and assisted on another, which was scored by fellow debutante Younès Kaboul, as France won the match 4–1. As a result of his double, Martin became only the fourth French international, after Jean Vincent, Zinedine Zidane and Bafétimbi Gomis, to score twice on his debut.
Career statistics.
Club.
"(Correct as of 20 May 2012)"

</doc>
<doc id="20473979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473979" title="François de Rugy">
François de Rugy

François de Rugy (born 6 December 1973 in Nantes) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Loire-Atlantique department, as a member of the Democratic and Republican Left, a parliamentary group that includes his political party Europe Ecology – The Greens.
Reelected in 2012, he has been proclaimed co-president of the ecologist parliamentary group, in association with Barbara Pompili.

</doc>
<doc id="20473988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473988" title="Algernon Collings">
Algernon Collings

Algernon Collings (September 4, 1853 — May 14, 1945) was an English cricketer who played for Gloucestershire. He was born in Sarratt and died in Burghfield Common.
Collings made a single first-class appearance, during the 1874 season, against Yorkshire. Batting in the tailend, he scored a single run in the only innings in which he batted, as his team won the match by an innings margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20473990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473990" title="Françoise Branget">
Françoise Branget

Françoise Branget (born August 8, 1953 in Chalon-sur-Saône, Saône-et-Loire) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Doubs department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20473998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20473998" title="Françoise Guégot">
Françoise Guégot

Françoise Guégot (born August 11, 1962 in Oullins, Rhône) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Seine-Maritime department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20474005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474005" title="Françoise Hostalier">
Françoise Hostalier

Françoise Hostalier (born August 19, 1953 in Beauvais, Oise) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Nord department, and is a member of the Radical Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20474014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474014" title="Françoise Imbert">
Françoise Imbert

Françoise Imbert (born September 16, 1947) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Haute-Garonne department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20474029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474029" title="Ben McAdoo">
Ben McAdoo

Ben McAdoo is currently the offensive coordinator for the New York Giants. He was hired on January 14, 2014. Previously, he spent eight seasons with the Green Bay Packers as tight ends coach for six years and quarterbacks coach for two years, and previously worked under Green Bay head coach Mike McCarthy in 2004 with the New Orleans Saints and in 2005 with the San Francisco 49ers. He has also served as a coach at five colleges since 2001. 

</doc>
<doc id="20474035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474035" title="Françoise Olivier-Coupeau">
Françoise Olivier-Coupeau

Françoise Olivier-Coupeau (July 3, 1959 – May 4, 2011) was a member of the National Assembly of France. 
Olivier-Coupeau was born in Laval, Mayenne. She represented the Morbihan department (5th constituency), and was a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche. She was a member of the National Defence and Armed Forces Committee. 

</doc>
<doc id="20474046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474046" title="Louisville Colonels all-time roster">
Louisville Colonels all-time roster

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20474050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474050" title="List of massacres in Peru">
List of massacres in Peru

The following is a list of massacres that have occurred in Peru (numbers may be approximate):

</doc>
<doc id="20474056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474056" title="Michel Leneuf de la Vallière de Beaubassin">
Michel Leneuf de la Vallière de Beaubassin

Michel Le Neuf de la Vallière de Beaubassin (the elder) (1640 – 1705) was a military figure who became a governor of Acadia under French control.
The Le Neuf family came from Caen, France and settled in Trois-Rivières, Québec. They were the first nobles to settle in New France and held positions of power and prestige through several generations.

</doc>
<doc id="20474067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474067" title="Frédéric Cuvillier">
Frédéric Cuvillier

Frédéric Cuvillier (born at Boulogne-sur-Mer on 9 December 1968) is a French politician who, until his appointment as Junior Minister for Transport and the Maritime Economy at the Ministry of Ecology, Sustainable Development, and Energy by President François Hollande on 16 May 2012, was a member of the National Assembly of France, where he represented the 5th constituency of Pas-de-Calais on behalf of the Parti Socialiste. He has been mayor of Boulogne-sur-Mer since 22 November 2002.
Career.
National government
Junior Minister for Transport and the Maritime Economy at the Ministry of Ecology, Sustainable Development, and Energy : since May 2012
Elected posts
National Assembly of France
Member of the National Assembly of France for the 5th constituency of Pas-de-Calais : 2007–2012 (Became minister in 2012). Elected in 2007, reelected in 2012.
General council
Member of the Pas-de-Calais General Council for the Canton of Le Portel : 2004–2007 (Resigned)
Agglomeration community council
Chairman of the Boulonnais Agglomeration Community : 2008-2012 (Resignation).
Vice-chairman of the Boulonnais Agglomeration Community : 1996–2008 (Re-elected in 2001)
Member Boulonnais Agglomeration Community : Since 1996. Reelected in 2001, 2008.
Municipal council
Mayor of Boulogne-sur-Mer : 2002-2012 (Resignation). Re-elected in 2008
Deputy mayor of Boulogne-sur-Mer : 1996–2002 (Re-elected in 2001)
Member of Boulogne-sur-Mer Municipal Council : since 1996 (Re-elected in 2001, 2008)

</doc>
<doc id="20474079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474079" title="Frédéric Lefebvre">
Frédéric Lefebvre

Frédéric Lefebvre (; born October 14, 1963) is a French politician and was Secretary of State for Trade, Small and Medium Enterprises, Tourism, Services, Liberal professions and Consumption under the Minister of Economy, Finance and Industry, François Baroin. He was a member of the National Assembly of France. He represented the Hauts-de-Seine department, and was the spokesperson of the Union for a Popular Movement. In the latter role, he became famous for exaggerated statements that caused comparisons
with Comical Ali.He was elected MP and representative of the first district of French outside France June 9, 2013 .He is the founder of l'Âme Nord, a non profit organisation dedicated to serve the interests of French residents living in the USA and Canada.
He was be the UMP's carpet bagger candidate in the for First constituency for French residents overseas (for French expatriates in Canada and the United States) in the 2012 legislative election, but lost against Corinne Narassiguin, who received 54.01% of the votes. On 15 February 2013, the Constitutional Council canceled the election and said Corinne Narassiguin ineligible. He topped the first round of the early parliamentary elections, and after the second round, 9 June 2013, he was elected against the Socialist candidate, Frank Scemama, with 53.72% of the vote
External links.
http://frenchmorning.com/ny/2013/06/09/heureux-frederic-lefebvre-est-satisfait-de-la-participation/

</doc>
<doc id="20474091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474091" title="Frédéric Reiss">
Frédéric Reiss

Frédéric Reiss (born November 12, 1949 in Haguenau, Bas-Rhin) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Bas-Rhin department, and is a member of the Radical Party. He is the mayor of Niederbronn-les-Bains, Bas-Rhin.

</doc>
<doc id="20474097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474097" title="Richard Starcke House">
Richard Starcke House

The Richard Starcke House is a historic house located at 703 Main Street, Bastrop, Texas, United States. The house was built in 1913 by Richard Starcke, a prominent Bastrop businessman, for himself and his wife Mary. 
The house is a clapboard covered modified American Foursquare design with some Victorian architecture, American Craftsman and Prairie School elements incorporated.
In 1931, Richard died. Mary remained in the home. Upon her death in 1961, the house passed through several owners and, in 1966, into bank foreclosure. The house was purchased at auction by Lt. Col. Johnnie Zinn and Ernestine Moncure Zinn. The house served as the Zinn's home until 1987 and entered the National Register of Historic Places on December 22, 1978.
Carla and Chris Dickson subsequently purchased the house in 1994 and operated "The Colony Bed and Breakfast" until the death of Mrs. Dickson in 2005. Julie Hart and Paula Pate purchased the house in 2007 and reopened it in May, 2008 as the "Magnolia Inn Bed and Breakfast."

</doc>
<doc id="20474107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474107" title="Frédérique Massat">
Frédérique Massat

Frédérique Massat (born January 14, 1964) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Ariège department, and is a member of the Socialist, Radical, Citizen and Miscellaneous Left.

</doc>
<doc id="20474118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474118" title="Siege of Halicarnassus">
Siege of Halicarnassus

The Siege of Halicarnassus was fought between Alexander the Great and the Achaemenid Persian Empire in 334 BC. Alexander, who had no navy, was constantly being threatened by the Persian navy. It continuously attempted to provoke an engagement with Alexander, who would have none of it. Eventually, the Persian fleet sailed to Halicarnassus, in order to establish a new defense. Ada of Caria, the former queen of Halicarnassus, had been driven from her throne by her younger brother Pixodarus of Caria. When Pixodarrus died, Darius had appointed Orontobates satrap of Caria, which included Halicarnassus in its jurisdiction. On the approach of Alexander in 334 BC, Ada, who was in possession of the fortress of Alinda, surrendered the fortress to him.
Orontobates and Memnon of Rhodes entrenched themselves in Halicarnassus. Alexander had sent spies to meet with dissidents inside the city, who had promised to open the gates and allow Alexander to enter. When his spies arrived, however, the dissidents were nowhere to be found. A small battle resulted, and Alexander's army managed to break through the city walls. Memnon, however, now deployed his catapults, and Alexander's army fell back. Memnon then deployed his infantry, and shortly before Alexander would have received his first (and only) defeat, his infantry managed to break through the city walls, surprising the Persian forces. Memnon, realizing the city was lost, set fire to it and withdrew with his army. A strong wind caused the fire to destroy much of the city. 
Alexander committed the government of Caria to Ada; and she, in turn, formally adopted Alexander as her son, ensuring that the rule of Caria passed unconditionally to him upon her eventual death. During her husband's satrapy, Ada had been loved by the people of Caria. By putting Ada, who felt very favorably towards Alexander, on the throne, he ensured that the government of Caria, as well as its people, remained loyal to Alexander.

</doc>
<doc id="20474120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474120" title="James Tremenheere">
James Tremenheere

James Tremenheere (October 30, 1853 — October 28, 1912) was an Indian-born English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm round-arm medium pace bowler who played for Gloucestershire. He was born in Poona and died in Edzell.
Tremenheere made a single first-class appearance, during the 1872 season, aged just 18, against Surrey. From the lower order, he scored 7 runs in the only innings in which he batted, as his team secured a win by an innings margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20474185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474185" title="Yellagonga Regional Park">
Yellagonga Regional Park

Yellagonga Regional Park is in Perth, Western Australia, in the City of Wanneroo and the City of Joondalup. The park was established in 1989 by the Western Australian government and protects of land, including of wetlands – Lake Joondalup, Beenup Swamp, Walluburnup Swamp and Lake Goollelal.
The park contains heritage buildings, including Perry's Cottage, Cockman House and Luisini Winery, and recreation areas such as Neil Hawkins Park. It is named after Yellagonga, leader of the Mooro people.
History of the park.
Under the Perth Metropolitan Regional Scheme, much of the park's area was reserved in 1975. The park was named Yellagonga Regional Park in 1990, in honour of the regional Indigenous leader during European settlement, Yellagonga. For local Aborigines the area forms part of their Dreaming. The site also has historical significance related to the development of the City of Wanneroo.
Geography and species.
Yellagonga Regional Park consists of high elevation sloping dunes, separated by interdunal swales that contain the park's lakes and wetlands. The western side of the park is quite steep, with a central plateau of up to elevation. The eastern and southern parts of the park have a gentler slope towards Lake Goollelal and Walluburnup Swamp.
In 1996, the Department of Environmental Protection identified 217 species of flora, including 103 introduced species. The park has no recorded species of Declared Rare Flora but does have significant species, such as "Jacksonia sericea", "Conostylis bracteata", "Hibbertia cuneiformis", "Amyema miquelii", "Lechenaultia linarioides" and "Ricinocarpus glaucus".
Over 120 bird species have been recorded in the park, with 18 species using the park for breeding grounds. A number of the recorded species are migratory birds recognised under international agreements. Three species of birds found in the park (Carnaby's Cockatoo, Australasian Bittern and Peregrine Falcon) are protected under the Wildlife Conservation Act 1950.
The impact of humans on Yellagonga National Park is extensive in areas. Many areas were previously used for farming and these are still being rehabilitated. The grassed parkland areas have led to the invasion of natural areas by aggressive introduced grass species, and weeds are also an issue. Development of roads, utilities (such as power lines and drainage outlets) and service corridors has degraded the natural landscape. Erosion is also a problem in areas, caused by tracks and pathways created by pedestrians in unsuitable locations such as slopes.
Historical significance.
The park contains three locations listed on the Western Australian Heritage Register: Perry's Paddock, Cockman House and Luisini Winery. Two native title claims have also been made on areas of the park by Indigenous Australians.
Perry's Paddock, at Lot 1 Ocean Reef Road, is a registered heritage site. Land tenure is held by the Western Australian Planning Commission and it is part of the City of Wanneroo. Perry's Paddock is notable because it is the location of Wanneroo's first land grant, surveyed in 1838, and Picnic Race Days were held at the site in the 1920s. Perry's Cottage was built around 1850 and is an example of a building based on an English design adapted to local conditions. The cottage is currently being restored.
The paddock used to contain the original Wanneroo Primary School building. This was moved to the site by the City of Wanneroo in 1992 as part of a planned historical village that did not go ahead. In 2007 the City of Wanneroo approved moving the school building to Neville Park at a cost of approximately $250,000, after concerns about bushfires at Yellagonga Regional Park. The move was completed on the 10th of March 2009.
Cockman House is a house built for settler James Cockman around 1870, and it is the oldest residence in Wanneroo. Luisini Winery, located on Lakeway Drive in Kingsley, was built in 1929.
There are two heritage trails within Yellagonga Regional Park, the Lake Joondalup Trail and the Yaberoo-Budjara Heritage Trail. The Lake Joondalup Trail explores the development of Wanneroo, and the Yaberoo-Budjara Trail between Lake Joondalup and Yanchep National Park explores areas of significance to Indigenous Australians and European settlement.
Development.
There have been ongoing proposals for developments in Yellagonga Regional Park. The City of Joondalup and the City of Wanneroo commissioned a feasibility study for an environment centre at the park in 2007. The study recommended the environment centre's placement at Lot 1 Lakeside Drive, Joondalup or Scenic Drive, Wanneroo. The City of Joondalup called for additional consultation and studies in March 2008, particularly on the financing the construction and running of the environment centre and its education programs.
The National Trust has proposed redeveloping Luisini Winery to create a museum of early winemaking and wine appreciation. Their proposal, which also includes a restaurant, environment centre and car park, was approved by the City of Joondalup on 27 March 2007.
The park was allocated funds by the Department of Environment and Conservation in September 2008 to build roads, a shelter, and bicycle and pedestrian paths.

</doc>
<doc id="20474244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474244" title="Leech Maskrey">
Leech Maskrey

Samuel Leech Maskrey was an American Major League Baseball left fielder. He played five seasons in the majors, from until , for the Louisville Eclipse and Colonels and the Cincinnati Red Stockings (AA). His brother, Harry Maskrey, was his teammate on the 1882 Eclipse.
After spending the 1887-89 seasons playing minor league baseball, Maskrey was part of a contingent sent to England in 1890 by Albert Spalding at the behest of a newly formed national professional baseball body. This organization had sent a letter to the American Spalding requesting help in establishing a league. They requested eight to ten players to coach and convert the existing players (whose primary game was usually soccer). Spalding sent a skilled manager, Jim Hart, along with players Maskrey, William J. Barr, Charles Bartlett, and J. E. Prior. Maskrey was the only one of the players who had played in the majors to that point, and stayed there for one season as a manager.
Following his sojourn in England, Maskrey returned to the U.S. minor leagues in 1891, where he played for the Tacoma team in the Pacific Northwestern League. After spending the 1892 season with the Atlanta Firecrackers of the Southern Association, part of which he spent as a player-manager, he retired and went into the hotel business with his brother Harry.

</doc>
<doc id="20474314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474314" title="Hudson's Bay Trading Company">
Hudson's Bay Trading Company

Hudson's Bay Trading Company, L.P. was an American portfolio company for NRDC Equity Partners, a private equity company. Hudson's Bay Trading Company was founded in 2008.
NRDC Equity Partners was founded by Robert Baker and Richard Baker of National Realty and Development Corp., and William Mack and Lee Neibart of AREA Property Partners. Richard Baker served as President CEO of NRDC Equity Partners.
On January 23, 2012, The Financial Post reported that Baker had dissolved Hudson’s Bay Trading Co., and Toronto-based Hudson's Bay Company will now operate both The Bay and Lord & Taylor. This new entity will be run by The Bay CEO Bonnie Brooks. CEO Brendan Hoffman will leave Lord & Taylor and take over as CEO at the department store chain Bon Ton. Baker will remain governor and CEO of the business and Donald Watros will stay on as chief operating officer.
Assets.
Canada
United States

</doc>
<doc id="20474364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474364" title="Panamanian night monkey">
Panamanian night monkey

The Panamanian night monkey or Chocoan night monkey ("Aotus zonalis") is a species of night monkey formerly considered a subspecies of the gray-bellied night monkey of the family Aotidae. Its range consists of Panama and the Chocó region of Colombia. There are also unconfirmed reports of its occurrence in Costa Rica, especially on the Caribbean coast of Costa Rica. The species definitely occurs in the Atlantic lowlands of Panama close to the Costa Rica border.
The exact classification of the Panamanian Night Monkey is uncertain. While some authors consider it a subspecies of the gray-bellied night monkey, "A. lemurinus", other authors follow a study by Thomas Defler from 2001, which concluded that it is a separate species, "A. zonalis".
The Panamanian night monkey is a relatively small monkey, with males weighing approximately and females weighing about . The fur on the back ranges from gray-brown to reddish-brown. The belly is yellow. The hair on the back of the hands and feet is black or dark brown, which is a key distinguishing feature from other northern "gray-necked" "Aotus" species; also, its hair is shorter. Other distinguishing features relate to its skull, which has a broad braincase, a depressed interorbital region, and large molariform teeth.
Like other night monkeys, the Panamanian night monkey has large eyes, befitting its nocturnal lifestyle. But unlike many nocturnal animal species, its eyes do not have a tapetum lucidum. Also like other night monkeys, it has a short tail relative to the body size.
The Panamanian night monkey is arboreal and nocturnal. It and the other members of the genus "Aotus" are the only nocturnal monkeys. It is found in several types of forest, including secondary forest and coffee plantations. It lives in small groups of between two and six monkeys, consisting of an adult pair and one infant and several juveniles and/or subadults. Groups are territorial, and groups occupy ranges that overlap only slightly.
Vocal, olfactory and behavioral forms of communication have all been recorded. At least nine vocal calls have been reported, including various types of grunts, screams, squeals, moans and trills. Males develop a scent gland near their tail at about one year old that is used for scent marking. Urine washing, in which urine is rubbed on the hands and feet, is also used. Behavioral communication appears to be less important than vocal and olfactory communication, but certain behavioral displays, including arched back displays, stiff legged jumping, urination, defecation and piloerection have been noted.
The Panamanian night monkey generally walks on all four legs, although it is capable of leaping or running when necessary. It eats a variety of foods. In one study, on Barro Colorado Island in Panama, its diet was found to consist of 65% fruits, 30% leaves and 5% insects.
In common with other night monkeys, the Panamanian night monkey is one of the few monogamous monkeys. The monogamous pair generally gives birth to a single infant each year, although twins occasionally occur. The gestation period is about 133 days. The father carries the infant from the time it is one or two days old, passing it to the mother for nursing.
Although viewing monkeys is popular with tourists visiting Panama, the Panamanian night monkey's nocturnal habits make it less often seen than the other Panamanian monkey species. However, with a skilled guide it is possible to observe the Panamanian night monkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20474388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474388" title="Lax–Friedrichs method">
Lax–Friedrichs method

The Lax–Friedrichs method, named after Peter Lax and Kurt O. Friedrichs, is a numerical method for the solution of hyperbolic partial differential equations based on finite differences. The method can be described as the FTCS (forward in time, centered in space) scheme with an artificial viscosity term of 1/2. One can view the Lax–Friedrichs method as an alternative to Godunov's scheme, where one avoids solving a Riemann problem at each cell interface, at the expense of adding artificial viscosity.
Illustration for a Linear Problem.
Consider a one-dimensional, linear hyperbolic partial differential equation for formula_1 of the form:
on the domain
with initial condition
and the boundary conditions
If one discretizes the domain formula_7 to a grid with equally spaced points with a spacing of formula_8 in the formula_9-direction and formula_10 in the formula_11-direction, we define 
where 
are integers representing the number of grid intervals. Then the Lax–Friedrichs method for solving the above partial differential equation is given by:
Or, rewriting this to solve for the unknown formula_15
Where the initial values and boundary nodes are taken from
Extensions to Nonlinear Problems.
A nonlinear hyperbolic conservation law is defined through a flux function formula_20:
In the case of formula_22, we end up with a scalar linear problem. Note that in general, formula_23 is a vector with formula_24 equations in it.
The generalization of the Lax-Friederichs method to nonlinear systems takes the form
This method is conservative and first order accurate, hence quite dissipative. It can, however be used as a building block for building high-order numerical schemes for solving hyperbolic partial differential equations, much like Euler time steps can be used as a building block for creating high-order numerical integrators for ordinary differential equations.
We note that this method can be written in conservation form:
where
Without the extra terms formula_28 and formula_29 in the discrete flux, formula_30, one ends up with the FTCS scheme, which is well known to be unconditionally unstable for hyperbolic problems.
Stability and accuracy.
This method is explicit and first order accurate in time and second order accurate in space provided formula_31 are sufficiently-smooth functions. Under these conditions, the method is stable if and only if the following condition is satisfied:
(A von Neumann stability analysis can show the necessity of this stability condition.) The Lax–Friedrichs method is classified as having second-order dissipation and third order dispersion . For functions that have discontinuities, the scheme displays strong dissipation and dispersion ; see figures at right.

</doc>
<doc id="20474397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474397" title="George Quentin">
George Quentin

George Quentin (November 3, 1848 — May 6, 1928) was an Indian-born English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm round-arm bowler who played for Gloucestershire. He was born in Kirkee and died in St. Leonards-on-Sea.
Quentin made a single first-class appearance for the side, during the 1874 season, against Yorkshire. From the lower-middle order, he scored 22 runs in the only innings in which he batted, becoming one of future England Test cricketer George Ulyett's five wickets.

</doc>
<doc id="20474419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474419" title="Ken Rutherford">
Ken Rutherford

Ken Rutherford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20474498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474498" title="456th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron">
456th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron

The 456th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the Air Defense Command San Francisco Air Defense Sector stationed at Oxnard AFB, California. It was inactivated on 18 July 1968.
History.
World War II.
Established in late 1944 as a very long range P-47N Thunderbolt fighter squadron; trained under III Fighter Command. Deployed to Pacific Theater of Operations (PTO), assigned to XXI Bomber Command as a long-range escort squadron for B-29 Superfortress bombers engaged in the strategic bombardment of Japan, based on Iwo Jima. After the Japanese Capitulation, moved to Luzon where the squadron was demobilized, the P-47Ns being returned to storage depots in the United States. Inactivated as a paper unit in 1946.
Cold War Air Defense.
Reactivated in 1954 under Air Defense Command as an air defense interceptor squadron, stationed at George AFB, California for the air defense of Southern California. Initially equipped with F-86D Sabres. In August 1955 the unit was inactivated only to be reactivated again at Castle AFB in October 1955 with F-86D Sabre Interceptors. In 1957 began re-equipping with the North American F-86L Sabre, an improved version of the F-86D which incorporated the Semi Automatic Ground Environment, or SAGE computer-controlled direction system for intercepts. The service of the F-86L destined to be quite brief, since by the time the last F-86L conversion was delivered, the type was already being phased out in favor of supersonic interceptors. 
Upgraded in June 1958 into supersonic F-102A Delta Daggers. In September 1959 it received F-106 Delta Darts. 
On 22 October 1962, before President Kennedy told the nation that missiles were in place in Cuba, the squadron dispersed a portion of its force, equipped with nuclear tipped missiles to Fresno Air Terminal at the start of the Cuban Missile Crisis. These planes returned to Castle after the crisis.
The squadron moved to Oxnard AFB on 18 July 1968 and was inactivated the same day, transferring its mission, personnel and equipment to the 437th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron.
External links.
The 456th Fighter Interceptor Squadron at 456FIS.org

</doc>
<doc id="20474500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474500" title="Grégory Sertic">
Grégory Sertic

Grégory Sertić (born 5 August 1989 in Brétigny-sur-Orge, Essonne) is a French football player of Croatian descent who currently plays for Girondins de Bordeaux. He is a French under-21 international having played with the team at the 2009 Toulon Tournament. In March 2013, Sertić has been granted a Croatian citizenship, and will be eligible to play side Croatia national football team from June, 2013.
Career.
Sertić began his career playing for AS Égly Football in Essonne. He later had a stint at both his hometown club CSF Brétigny and ES Viry-Châtillon before going to the famous Clairefontaine academy to receive further training. Following a two year stint there, he moved to FC Girondins de Bordeaux. He gained recognition and notice from manager Laurent Blanc during the 2007–08 CFA season, in which he played in 20 matches and scored 7 goals helping Bordeaux's reserve side finish 1st in their group. He also was a part of the Bordeaux youth squad that finished runner-ups at the 2008 edition of the Coupe Gambardella losing 0–3 to a stout Rennes side.
For his efforts, he was given the opportunity to play and train with the first-team squad for the 2008–09 season. He was also included on Bordeaux's UEFA Champions League roster for their 2008–09 European campaign, though he didn't make an appearance. The midfielder finally made his professional debut on 11 November 2008 in a Coupe de la Ligue match against Guingamp appearing as a substitute playing 12 minutes. The match ended in a 4–2 victory. He made his first league appearance and start on 25 April 2009 in a 3–2 win over Rennes. Sertić played 69 minutes before being substituted out. He started again the following week against Sochaux and scored his first career goal in the 7th minute.
International career.
On 25 May 2009, Sertić was called up, for the first time, to the France under-21 team to participate in the 2009 Toulon Tournament. He made his debut in the tournament against Portugal. Sertić is also eligible to play for Croatia.
Career statistics.
"(Correct as of 11 March)"

</doc>
<doc id="20474514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474514" title="A Miser Brothers' Christmas">
A Miser Brothers' Christmas

"A Miser Brothers' Christmas" is a stop motion spin-off special based on some of the characters from the 1974 Rankin-Bass special "The Year Without a Santa Claus". It is the final television special by Rankin-Bass. Distributed by Warner Bros. under their Warner Premiere label (the rights holders of the post-1974 Rankin Bass library) and Toronto-based Cuppa Coffee Studios, the one-hour special premiered on ABC Family on Saturday, December 13, 2008 during the network's annual The 25 Days of Christmas programming. Mickey Rooney and George S. Irving reprised their respective roles as Santa Claus and Heat Miser at ages 88 and 86. Snow Miser, originally portrayed by Dick Shawn who died on April 17, 1987 from a massive heart attack, was voiced by Juan Chioran, while Mrs. Claus, voiced by Shirley Booth in the original, was portrayed by Catherine Disher (because Booth died in 1992). The movie aimed to emulate the Rankin/Bass animation style.
Plot.
Santa's chief mechanic, Tinsel, makes a new Super-Sleigh, which Santa decides to test the next day. Meanwhile, the feuding Miser Brothers attend their family reunion, where their brother, North Wind (voiced by Brad Adamson), passively asks Mother Nature what might happen if Santa would be unable to complete his duties on Christmas. She responds that North Wind would take control instead. Self-absorbed and vain, North Wind becomes fixated with the idea of replacing Santa Claus as a way to achieve personal glory. Despite his dashing appearance and veneer of flattery and devotion toward his mother, North Wind is far more malevolent than either of his brothers. Beginning his machinations, North Wind sends two minions to sabotage the Super-Sleigh. The crippled sleigh causes Santa to injure his back after falling in the middle of a fight between the Miser Brothers as he unintentionally crosses into their domain.
Despite what she told North Wind before, Mother Nature assigns the Miser Brothers the responsibility of running the toy factory after they were blamed for Santa's injuries. Their fighting continues as they move through several stations of the North Pole workplace. North Wind hatches a new plan to keep them fighting so it would appear as if they ruined Christmas themselves, but Mrs. Claus convinces the Misers to put aside their differences and cooperate by showing them the Naughty/Nice list station. The history of the brothers is revealed, showing they've been on Santa's "naughty list" for mutual bickering since infancy. This history would contradict "The Year Without a Santa Claus", in which they identify each other as stepbrothers, as they appear this time to be fraternal twins. Upon learning the error of their ways, the two begin working together, and successfully get work back up to speed. However, North Wind hatches a plan to destroy their truce and get them fighting again, leaving Santa to deliver the toys and giving North Wind the chance to finish him off.
On Christmas Eve, North Wind's minions surreptitiously attach heating and cooling units to the sleigh, apparently capable of heating or cooling entire regions of the planet. The discovery causes the Miser Brothers to blame each other. With them fighting again, Santa has no choice but to drive the sleigh as North Wind planned. After Santa leaves, Tinsel discovers the super-sleigh has been sabotaged, which stops the Misers' fight as they realize that neither of them was responsible for injuring Santa. Upon finding one of North Wind's Christmas cards with him dressed as Santa, the Misers realize the truth about their brother and comprehend his plan. Meanwhile, North Wind attacks Santa's sleigh in flight, whipping up a vortex to consume Santa but the Miser Brothers, with the aid of Tinsel and a team of young reindeer, save Santa in the nick of time. North Wind's cover is blown and Mother Nature sentences him to household chores for the next several thousand years as punishment for his actions. With North Wind thwarted, the Brothers learn they've finally made the "Nice List." The Miser Brothers then volunteer to replace the recuperating Santa in delivering the toys to children, giving gifts to each other in the process, making peace between them and ending their feud.
Reception.
The movie had 3.7 million in its first airing, as determined by Nielsen ratings. It received a nomination for "Best Animated Television Production Produced for Children" in the 36th Annual Annie Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20474531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474531" title="Steamboats of the upper Columbia and Kootenay Rivers">
Steamboats of the upper Columbia and Kootenay Rivers

From 1886 to 1920, steamboats ran on the upper reaches of the Columbia and Kootenay in the Rocky Mountain Trench, in western North America. The circumstances of the rivers in the area, and the construction of transcontinental railways across the trench from east to west made steamboat navigation possible.
Geographic factors.
The Columbia River begins at Columbia Lake, flows north in the trench through the Columbia Valley to Windermere Lake to Golden, BC. The Kootenay River flows south from the Rocky Mountains, then west into the Rocky Mountain Trench, coming within just over a mile (1.6 km) from Columbia Lake, at a point called Canal Flats, where a shipping canal was built in 1889. The Kootenay then flows south down the Rocky Mountain Trench, crosses the international border and then turns north back into Canada and into Kootenay Lake near the town of Creston, BC.
The upper Columbia and the upper Kootenay rivers were different in character. From Columbia Lake to Golden, the Columbia river is shallow and slow, running through twisting channels and falling only in elevation from its headwaters to Golden. From Golden the river flows north to Donald, BC, then turns sharply south at the Big Bend, where it continues south past Revelstoke, BC then south to Arrowhead, where it widens into the Arrow Lakes. The Big Bend, in its natural state before the construction of the Revelstoke and Mica dams, included a series of rapids which made it impassable to steam navigation proceeding upriver from the Arrow Lakes.
The Kootenay River (before the construction of the Libby Dam) flowed faster than the Columbia south down through Jennings Canyon, an extremely hazardous stretch of whitewater, on the way to Jennings and Libby, Montana. Larger steamboats could operate on the upper Kootenay than on the upper Columbia. The Kootenay river flows on into Idaho, where it turns north and flows back into Canada. Near Creston the Kootenay River enters Kootenay Lake. With some difficulty, steamboats could progress up the lower Kootenay to railhead at Bonners Ferry, Idaho. Rapids and falls on the Kootenay blocked steam navigation between Bonner's Ferry and Libby.
Rail construction.
Rail construction in Canada and the United States made steam navigation possible in the Rocky Mountain Trench. There were two important railheads, Golden, BC and Jennings, Montana, near Libby. At Golden, the transcontinental line of the Canadian Pacific Railway ("CPR"), which parallels the Columbia south from the bridge at Donald, turns east to follow the Kicking Horse River, surmounting the Continental Divide at Kicking Horse Pass, then running past the resort at Banff then east to Calgary. Jennings was reached by the Great Northern Railway, built across the Northern United States from Minnesota to Washington by James J. Hill. Between these railheads the Rocky Mountain Trench ran for , almost all of which was potentially accessible to steam navigation. Canal Flats was close to the midpoint, being just south of Columbia Lake, upstream from Golden.
Beginning of steam navigation.
, Frank P. Armstrong assembled a steamboat from miscellaneous planks and timbers that were lying around at an old sawmill. The result was the "Duchess", launched in 1886 at Golden. Two early passengers wrote that her appearance was "somewhat decrepit" and Armstrong himself later agreed that she was "a pretty crude steamboat."
In 1886 an "uprising" among the First Nations was occurring far down the Rocky Mountain Trench along the Kootenay River. A detachment of the North-West Mounted Police, under Major (later General) Samuel Benfield Steele (1848–1919), was sent to Golden with orders to proceed to the Kootenay to quell the so-called uprising. Steele decided to hire Armstrong and the "Duchess" to transport his troopers. This proved to be a mistake, as once the expedition's horse fodder, ammunition, officers' uniforms, and other supplies were loaded on board, "Duchess" capsized and sank. After this setback, Steele decided to hire the only other steam vessel on the upper Columbia, the "Clive".
"Clive" which like "Duchess" was assembled from various cast-off and second-hand components, was an even worse vessel. Once Steele had loaded his trooper's equipment on "Clive", that vessel sank as well. Steele and his troop ended up riding the south to Galbraith's Landing. This took about a month. When they arrived, the troopers set up a standard military encampment which later became the town of Fort Steele. By this time, the "uprising" was over.
Professionally constructed steamboats appear.
Armstrong was eventually able to raise "Duchess" from the river bottom. He then applied the odd-shaped steamer to make enough money in 1887 to have an new sternwheeler built, also called "Duchess". Armstrong hired the veteran shipbuilder Alexander Watson, of Victoria, BC to build the new steamer, which although small, was well-designed and looked like a steamboat instead of a floating old barn. Someone arranged to have handbills printed up, which on one side bore a woodcut print showing an idealized version of the new "Duchess", and on the other side bore a statement showing the company's marketing strategy, which was to appeal to tourists, miners, hunters, and intending settlers, holding out the "Duchess" as the best means of accessing the Columbia Valley.
The handbill then praised the climate of the Columbia Valley as "WITHOUT EXCEPTION THE FINEST ON THE CONTINENT OF AMERICA" which even so was available at $1.00 per acre, payable five years. Gold mining was said to be prosperous, with the hint of more yet to be discovered, as "the country has not been explored off the beaten paths". All kinds of supplies were to be had cheaper than they could be shipped at Golden City all kinds of supplies can be obtained more cheaply than they can be brought in "by the Tourist, Settler, or Miner". Finally, the handbill advertised the important role and schedule that the new steamer "Duchess" would play in the development of the Columbia Valley:
Armstrong also had built a second steamer, "Marion", which although smaller than the second "Duchess", needed only six inches of water to run in. This was an advantage in the often shallow waters of the Columbia above Golden, where as Armstrong put it, "the river's bottom was often very close to the river's top".
Navigation improvements.
The upper Columbia was choked with snags, which were sunken logs jammed in the river bottom and sticking into the river. These could be significant barriers to navigation, as shown by the 23 days it took "Clive" to travel the up to Windermere Lake. A significant reason for this delay were the numerous snags in the river. Snag removal was done by a specialized vessel called a "snag boat" which was equipped with a large hoist and powerful winches to pull the snags out of the river. ( "Samson V" at New Westminster, BC and W.T. Preston, at Anacortes, Washington, are two excellent existing examples of Pacific Northwest sternwheel snagboats.) In 1892, the Dominion government put a snag boat, the "Muskrat" o the upper river, which must have significantly improved river transportation.
Another barrier to navigation on the upper Columbia was the numerous sandbars that were used by spawning salmon. A clam shell dredge was employed to deepen the sandbars by digging out the river bottom. This would have had the adverse side effect of damaging the salmon spawning grounds.
Carrying the mail.
Armstrong obtained a contract from the Canadian Post Office Department on May 1, 1888, to carry mail on the route from Golden to Cranbrook. Armstrong carried the mail twice a week on "Duchess", or when the water was low, on "Marion", up to Columbia Lake. Once at the lake, the steamer connected with a stage line, which ran the mail across Canal Flats and down the valley of the Kootenay River to Grohman, Fort Steele, and Cranbrook. The contract was renewed in the years from 1889 to 1992. When the mail could not be carried on the river, due to low or frozen water, Armstrong had mail carried overland on the Columbia Valley wagon road. The mail contracts were renewed from 1893 to 1897, with the mail running from Golden to the St. Eugene Mission in the Kootenay Valley. The mail contract provided an important subsidy for Captain Armstrong and the Upper Columbia Company.
Persons living along the upper Columbia who wished to mail lighters or have freight shipped would hail or flag down the mail steamer. The boat's captain would then nose the bow of the boat into the bank using the boat's sternwheel to keep the vessel in place. The mail would be picked up or the freight loaded, the fees collected, and the vessel would proceed. In April 1897 the Upper Columbia Company lost the mail contact, which created a situation where customers would flag down the steamer for a letter which the steamer was getting paid no money to carry.
Upper Columbia Company "postage stamps".
Reluctant to antagonize potential freight customers by refusing letters, but not wishing to interrupt company operations for free mail carriage, the company's purser, C.H. Parson, had the company print up its own postage stamps. One thousand "stamps" with the initials "U.C." (for Upper Columbia Company) and the denomination of 5 cents were printed. One thousand more "labels" with just the initials "U.C" were also printed. An ordinary letter in those days cost 3 cents to send, so the Upper Columbia Company's "stamps" were considerably more than regular postage. The idea seems to have been to discourage the use of the steamer for mail, and perhaps to make a little money on the side. The details of how stamps and labels were used are not clear, but clearly some did pass through the Canadian mails with additional official postage stamps also affixed. Genuine envelopes (called "covers") bearing the stamps or labels of the Upper Columbia Company are rare philatelic items and are sought after by stamp collectors.
Covers bearing the labels or stamps of the Upper Columbia Company attracted the attention of stamp collectors and became sought-after rarities. Faked covers have appeared, made with the objective of deceiving collectors. Knowledge of the history of the Upper Columbia Company is important to make judgment as to whether a particular cover is genuine or a fake.
The Baillie-Grohman Canal.
In the early 1880s a wealthy European adventurer, William Adolf Baillie-Grohman (1851–1921), travelled to the Kootenay Region and became obsessed with developing an area far down the Kootenay River near the southern end of Kootenay Lake called Kootenay Flats, near the modern town of Creston, BC. The problem for Baillie-Grohman was that the Kootenay River kept flooding Kootenay Flats. Baillie-Grohman thought the downstream flooding could be lessened by diverting the upstream portion of the Kootenay River into the Columbia River through the Canal Flats. This would have increased the water flow through the Columbia River, particularly near Golden and Donald, where Baillie-Grohman's proposal, if it had been implemented, would have threatened to flood the newly built transcontinental railroad and other areas of the Columbia Valley.
The provincial government refused to allow the diversion. However, Baillie-Grohman was able to obtain ownership of large areas of land in the Kootenay region, provided he engaged in certain forms of economic development, including construction of a shipping canal and a lock. The lock was necessary because the Kootenay River was than the level of Columbia Lake.
The Baillie-Grohman canal was used only three times by steam-powered vessels. In 1893, Armstrong built "Gwendoline" at Hansen's Landing on the Kootenay River, and took the vessel through the canal north to the shipyard at Golden to complete her fitting out. In late May 1894 Armstrong returned the completed "Gwendoline" back to the Kootenay River, transiting the canal.
The canal remained unused until 1902, Armstrong brought "North Star" north from the Kootenay to the Columbia. The transit of "North Star" was only made possible by the destruction of the lock at the canal, thus making it unusable.
The Upper Columbia Navigation and Tramway Company.
About north of Columbia Lake, the river widened again into another lake. Originally this was called Mud Lake, which may have been an indication of its depth and general condition, but later this was changed to Adela Lake. The stretch between Adela Lake and Columbia Lake was shallow and difficult to navigate even for the very shallow draft steamers that Armstrong was running on the river. Armstrong's solution to the problem was to incorporate the Upper Columbia Navigation and Tramway Company ("UCN&TC"). The company's charter required it to construct two tramways to improve transport. Armstrong served as manager and T.B.H. Cochrane as president.
The Upper Columbia Company built two horse or mule-drawn tramways, one at the start of the route running from the CPR depot at Golden Station to the point south where the Kicking Horse River ran into the Columbia. It was here that the company had located its steamboat dock.
The second tramway was located further upriver. It ran in length, from Adela Lake, BC. south to Columbia Lake. The tramways were like railways except that the cars were horsedrawn, and the carts were much smaller than rail cars. The company had steamers on Columbia Lake and the Kootenay River, but did not use the Grohman Canal, portaging traffic over Canal Flats rather than using the canal, which in fact was only used twice by steamboats during its existence.
With the tramways in place, the transportation chain from the rail depot at Golden to Jennings Montana ran as follows. Freight would be taken on the tramway to the steamboat dock at Golden, and loaded on a steamer. The steamer ran upriver to the south end of Windermere Lake. The freight would then be portaged around Mud (or Adlin) Lake, to Columbia Lake. Once at Columbia Lake, the cargo would be loaded again on a steamboat, this time the "Pert" and run to the south end of Columbia Lake, where it was unloaded again, portaged across Canal Flats and loaded again on another steamer on the Kootenay river, and run down to Jennings, passing through Jennings Canyon.
Steam navigation begins on the upper Kootenay River.
Mining activity was increasing in the upper Kootenay valley in the early 1890s. Miners wanted access to the area and needed transport for their supplies. The ore taken out of the mountains had to be hauled out of the area. In the early 1890s there were no railroads near the area, and without transport to a smelter, the mined ore was valueless. The nearest railhead was that of the Great Northern Railway at Jennings, Montana, well over away from the major mining strikes at Kimberley and Moyie Lake. Overland transport out of the question. The ore could only be moved by marine transport on the Kootenay River. With this in mind, Walter Jones and Captain Harry S. DePuy organized the Upper Kootenay Navigation Company ("UKNC") and in the winter of 1891 to 1892, built at Jennings the small sternwheeler "Annerly". With the spring breakup of the ice in 1893, DePuy and Jones were able to get "Annerly" upriver to Quick Ranch, about south of Fort Steele, BC. Once there, "Annerly" was able to embark passengers and load of ore. Returning to Jennings, Jones and DePuy were able to make enough money to hire veteran James D. Miller (1830–1907), one of the most experienced steamboat men in the Pacific Northwest, to hand "Annerly" for the rest of the 1893 season.
Rise of competition on the Kootenay River.
Armstrong also wished to take advantage of the demand for shipping, so moving south from the Columbia to the Kootenay, he built the small sternwheeler "Gwendoline" at Hansen's Landing, about north of the present town of Wasa. Instead of taking the ore south to Jennings, Armstrong's plan was to move the ore north across Canal Flats and then down the Columbia to the CPR railhead at Golden. As described, Armstrong took "Gwendoline" through the Baillie-Grohman canal in the fall of 1893 (or rolled her across Canal Flats), fitted her out at Golden, and returned through the canal in the spring of 1894.
In March 1896, Miller shifted over to run "Annerly" as an associate of Armstrong's Upper Columbia Navig. & Tramway Co. In 1896, Armstrong and Miller built "Ruth" at Libby, Montana. Launched April 22, 1896, "Ruth" at 275 tons was the largest steamer yet to operate on the upper Kootenay River. "Ruth", like the second "Duchess", was designed and built by a professional shipwright. For "Ruth" the shipwright Louis Pacquet, of Portland, Oregon. "Ruth" made the runs downriver to Jennings and the smaller "Gwendoline" ran upriver with the traffic to Canal Flats and the portage tramway.
The combination of Armstrong, Miller and Wardner, and their construction of "Ruth" created serious competition for Jones and DePuy of UKNC with their only steamer the barely-adequate "Annerly". Large sacks of ore were piling up at Hansen's Landing from the mines, and all needed transport. The competitors reached an agreement to split the traffic on the Kootenay river between them. To earn their share of the revenues from this split, DePuy and Jones built "Rustler" (125 tons) at Jennings 1896. "Rustler" reached Hansen's Landing in June 1896 on her run up from Jennings.
Another competitor was Captain Tom Powers, of Tobacco Plain, Montana who traded 15 cayuse horses for the machinery to build a small steamer near Fort Steele, which was called "Fool Hen". The machinery was too large for "Fool Hen" and there was no room for freight. Powers used discarded wooden packing cases from Libby merchants to make his paddlewheel buckets, so that as the steamer churned down the river, the merchants' names rotated again and again as the wheel turned. Shortly after "Fool Hen" was finished, Powers then removed the engines and placed them in a new steamer, the "Libby". This time the engines proved to be too small for the hull, and "Libby" was used only sporadically in 1894 and 1895.
Jennings Canyon.
Once in the United States, the Kootenay river, in its natural state before the construction of the Libby Dam, flowed through Jennings Canyon to the settlement of Jennings, Montana (Ktunaxa: "a·kiʔyi" ). Jennings has almost completely disappeared as a town, but it was near Libby, Montana. Above Jennings, the Kootenay River narrowed as it ran through Jennings Canyon, which was a significant hazard to any river navigation. A particularly dangerous stretch was known as the Elbow. Jennings Canyon was described by Professor Lyman as "a strip of water, foaming-white, downhill almost as on a steep roof, hardly wider than steamboat".
No insurance agent would write a policy for steamboats and cargo transiting the Jennings Canyon. Captain Armstrong once persuaded an agent from San Francisco to consider making a quote on premiums. The agent decided to examine the route for himself, and went on board with Armstrong as the captain's boat shot through the canyon. At the end of the trip, the agent's quote for a policy was one-quarter of the value of the cargo. Faced with this quote, Armstrong decided to forego insurance.
The huge profits to be made seemed to justify the risk. Combined the two steamers could earn $2,000 in gross receipts per day, a lot of money in 1897. By comparison, the sternwheeler "J.D. Farrell" (1897), cost $20,000 to build in 1897. In ten days of operation then, an entire steamboat could be paid for.
There were no more than seven steamboats that ever passed through Jennings Canyon, "Annerly", "Gwendoline", "Libby", "Rustler", "Ruth", "J.D. Farrell", and "North Star" (1897). Of these only "Annerly" and "Libby" were not wrecked in the canyon. Armstrong and Miller unsuccessfully tried to get the U.S. Government to finance clearing of some of the rocks and obstructions in Jennings Canyon. Without government help, they hired crews themselves to do the work over two winters, but the results were not of much value.
"Rustler" was the first steamboat casualty of Jennings Canyon. In the summer of 1896, after just six weeks of operation, "Rustler" was caught in an eddy in the canyon swirled around and smashed into the rocks and damaged beyond repair. This left DePuy and Jones with just one vessel, the "nasty little "Annerly"", as historian D.M. Wilson described her. DePuy and Jones were unable to stay in business after the loss of "Rustler" and were forced to sell their facilities at Jennings, as well as "Annerly" to Armstrong, Miller and Wardner. With their principal competitors gone, Armstrong, Miller and Wardner incorporated their firm on April 5, 1897, in the state of Washington, as the International Transportation Company ("ITC") with nominal headquarters in Spokane. With salvaged machinery from "Rustler", they built "North Star", launching the new vessel at Jennings on May 28, 1897.
The wreck of "Gwendoline" and "Ruth" on May 7, 1897, was perhaps the most spectacular. With no insurance coverage, both "Ruth" and "Gwendoline" were running through Jennings Canyon. "Ruth" under Capt. Sanborn was about an hour ahead of "Gwendoline", under Armstrong himself. Both steamers were heavily loaded, and a 26 car train was waiting at Jennings to receive their cargo. "Ruth" came to the Elbow, lost control, and came to rest blocking the main channel. "Gwendoline" came through at high speed, and could not avoid smashing into "Ruth". Fortunately no one was killed. However, "Ruth" was totally destroyed, "Gwendoline" was seriously damaged, and the cargoes on both steamers were lost. Fortunately for the company, the "North Star" was near to being complete when the disaster occurred. Once "North Star" was launched, Armstrong was able to complete 21 round trips on the Kootenay before low water forced him to tie up on September 3, 1897.
Steam navigation ends on upper Kootenay river.
In the summer of 1897 a new competitor for Armstrong, Miller and Wardell arose. With the backing of John D. Farrell, steamboat captain M.L. McCormack on August 16, 1897, incorporated the Kootenai River Transportation Company, and commenced building a new steamer, "J.D. Farrell", which was launched on November 8, 1897, and completed over the coming winter. In the meantime, in January 1898, both Armstrong and Wardner sold out their shares in the International Trading Company, and went north to Alaska to participate in the Klondike Gold Rush, with Armstrong deciding to try his chances at making money as a steamboat captain on the Stikine River then being promoted as the "All-Canadian" route to the Yukon River gold fields.
"J.D. Farrell", the largest steamboat ever built on either the upper Kootenay or Columbia Rivers, and sporting such frontier luxuries as bathrooms, electric lighting, and steam heat, reached Fort Steele on April 28, 1898, her first trip up the Kootenay. Built to last ten years, this fine steamer was to run for only a single season on the Kootenay. On June 8, 1898, Captain McCormack was taking "J.D. Farrell" south through Jennings Canyon in "hurricane" strength headwind, which blew her off course into a rock, knocking a hole in the stern. McCormack managed to get the steamer to shallow water before she sank up to the wheelhouse. Her owners were able to raise "J.D. Farrell" and make a few more trips that season.
By October 1898 enough rail lines were completed along the upper Kootenay to terminate steam navigation as a competitive transportation method. In particular, the completion of Crow's Nest Railway on October 6, 1898, and development of smelters in the Kootenay region, particularly at Trail, BC, near the southern end of the Arrow Lakes, allowed ore to be routed to smelters by rail, completely bypassing Jennings.
The surviving upper Kootenay boats, "North Star", "J.D. Farrell", and "Gwendoline" were laid up at Jennings. ("Annerly" had been dismantled by then.) "J.D. Farrell" and "North Star" were tied up for almost three years at Jennings until finding employment supporting construction of a rail line to Fernie, BC. "J.D. Farrell" was later dismantled, with engines and machinery being reused on another steamer. (This was the general practice.) "North Star" was sold back to Captain Armstrong when he returned from his Yukon adventure, and on June 4, 1902, he took her north to the Columbia River on his famous dynamite-aided transit of the decrepit Baillie-Grohman canal. With "North Star" gone, steamboating on the upper Kootenay ended for good.
Of the last three Kootenay boats, "Gwendoline"'s fate was unique. When Armstrong and Wardner left ITC for the north, James D. Miller was in charge of the ITC boats. Striking on the idea of moving "Gwendoline" to the lower Kootenay River by rail, where she could be run profitably again, or at least so it was hoped. In June 1899 he had the vessel loaded on three flat cars. Disaster then struck when the vessel was shifted to fit around a trackside rock cut. The boat was moved too close to the edge, flipped off the rail cars and landed in a canyon, which the "Libby Press" described:
Later operations on the upper Columbia River.
While Armstrong was on the Kootenay and the Klondike mining booms, a few interlopers had appeared on the upper Columbia. In 1899, H.E. Forster a wealthy politician and occasional steamboat captain, brought "Selkirk" by rail from Shuswap Lake to Golden, where he launched her but used her as a yacht and not, at least initially, as commercial vessel. Also, Captain Alexander Blakely bought the little sidewheeler "Pert" and operated her on the river. In 1899 "Duchess" became involved in the Stolen Church Affair, in which a dispute arose over ownership of a church in Donald, with one party packing up the entire church and moving it to Golden, and disputant party removing the bell from the church while en route to Golden on board "Duchess". (The church itself was later moved to Windermere, without the bell.)
In 1902 "Duchess" was dismantled. In 1903 Captain Armstrong built a new steamer, "Ptarmigan", using the engines from "Duchess" which by then were over 60 years old. In 1911, the same engines were installed in the newly built steamer "Nowitka". With the construction of railroads, and economic dislocation caused by Canada's participation in the Great War, steamboat activity tapered off starting about 1915. Steamboat men from the route themselves went to war. Captain Armstrong supervised British river transport in the Middle East, on the Nile and Tigris river. Captain Blakey's son John Blakely (1889–1963), who had trained under his father and Captain Armstrong, went to Europe and was one of only six survivors when his ship was torpedoed in the English Channel.
Last steamboat runs on the upper Columbia river.
"Nowitka" made the last steamboat run on the upper Columbia in May 1920, when under Captain Armstrong she pushed a pile-driver to build a bridge at Brisco NW of Invermere, which when complete was too low to allow a steamboat to pass under it. Armstrong himself had found employment with the Dominion government on his return from the war. He was seriously injured in an accident in Nelson, BC and died in a hospital in Vancouver, BC in January 1923. His own life had spanned the entire history of steam navigation in the Rocky Mountain Trench from 1886 to 1920. In 1948, Captain John Blakely built a sternwheeler of his own, the "Radium Queen", which had to be small to fit under the Brisco bridge.
Modern archaeological investigations.
In April 2001, members of the Kootenay Chapter of the British Columbia Underwater Archaeological Society ("BCUAS") found two previously undocumented wrecks of vessels near the site of the Columbia River Lumber Company mill. The two hulls were buried deeply in mud. Members of the expedition believed one of the vessels was "Nowitka". The expedition also located and mapped the wreck "F.P. Armstrong" which was within 2 km of Columbia Lake. Most of the "Armstrong" wreck is under 50 to 80 cm of mud. Some tongue and grove paneling, believed to have come from either the decking or the superstructure, was located downstream. The expedition used a metal detector at the site, and the findings indicated that the machinery and boiler had been removed from the hull. Downstream near the Riverside Golf Course, the expedition found a larger wreck, of which 8 meters of hull framing was exposed. The 7 meter beam of the hull was greater than any vessel ever placed on the upper Columbia except "North Star." Whether this was a powered vessel or an unpowered barge could not be determined.

</doc>
<doc id="20474542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474542" title="Stephan Thernstrom">
Stephan Thernstrom

Stephan Thernstrom (born November 5, 1934) is the Winthrop Research Professor of History at Harvard University. and was the editor of the " Harvard Encyclopedia of American Ethnic Groups ". 
Thernstrom was born and raised in Port Huron, Michigan. His father was the son of a Swedish-born immigrant laborer. His family later moved to Battle Creek, Michigan. Thernstrom received his bachelor's degree from Northwestern University and his Ph.D. from Harvard University.
Thernstom held faculty appointments at Harvard University, Brandeis University and the University of California, Los Angeles. He returned to Harvard with an appointment as full professor in 1973. From 1978-1979 Thernstrom was Pitt Professor of American History and Institutions at the University of Cambridge.
He is the author of several books including "Poverty and Progress: Social Mobility in the 19th Century". He also co-authored with his wife Abigail Thernstrom "No Excuses: Closing the Racial Gap in Learning". Their writings have been awarded the Bancroft Prize in American History, Waldo G. Leland Prize, R.R. Hawkins Award, 2004 Peter Shaw Memorial Award given by National Association of Scholars, and the 2007 Fordham Foundation Prize and 2997 Bradley Foundation prizes for Outstanding Intellectual Achievement .
Thernstrom is a neoconservative thinker. He was raised in a strong liberal tradition, as was his wife, Abigail. They argue that the left, not they, changed. They reject the policies of race preferences and argue that such policies mainly lead to higher dropout rates among African Americans in colleges.
Thernstrom married Abigail in 1958. They have two children, one of whom is Melanie Thernstrom. 

</doc>
<doc id="20474592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474592" title="CNN Heroes">
CNN Heroes

CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute is the award-winning annual television special created by CNN to honor individuals who make extraordinary contributions to humanitarian aid and make a real difference in their communities. Hosted by Anderson Cooper, it launched in 2007 and continues now, with the tribute show aired at the end of the year. 
CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute is the culmination of the year-round CNN Heroes campaign, airing across the worldwide networks of CNN including: CNN, CNN International, CNN en Espanol, HLN, and CNNHeroes.com. New heroes are introduced weekly on air and online.
The Top 10 are selected and introduced every Fall and voting begins online at CNNHeroes.com for the CNN Hero of the Year. All 10 are honored on CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute, each receiving $50,000 with the CNN Hero of the Year receiving an additional $250,000 to continue their amazing work. The Top 10 CNN Heroes are all introduced by celebrities who are active in charity work, and their spirit is celebrated via musical performances and special segments. 
In 2012, CNN Heroes was a recipient of a Peabody Award at the George Foster Peabody Awards for the 2011 campaign and show. CNN Heroes has also been nominated for the News & Documentary Emmy Awards, and is the winner of 3 Gracies.
2012 Heroes.
The top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 (in alphabetical order):
2011 Heroes.
The top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 (in alphabetical order):
2010 Heroes.
The top 10 CNN Heroes of 2010 (in alphabetical order):
Also all of the 33 Chilean Miners came on the show to be honored after the 2010 Copiapó mining accident before awards were given out to the list of heroes shown above. Kareem Taylor is the promotional voice for the commercial campaign leading up to the show.
2009 Heroes.
The Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2009 were (in alphabetical order):
2008 Heroes.
The Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2008 were (in alphabetical order):
2007 Heroes.
The 18 CNN Heroes finalists for 2007 were (in alphabetical order):

</doc>
<doc id="20474600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474600" title="Trapped (Australian TV series)">
Trapped (Australian TV series)

Trapped is an Australian children's television series which first premiered on 30 November 2008 and finished its first run on 18 April 2009 on the Seven Network. The 26-part series was shot entirely on location in and around Broome, Western Australia from May to October 2008. A follow up series entitled Castaway began airing on the Seven Network on 12 February 2011. Many of the actors in the main cast of Trapped reprised their roles.
Premise.
Following the mysterious disappearance of their parents from a remote scientific research station, a group of children are trapped in a dangerous paradise.
They can only rely on their own resources to survive, find out what's happened to their parents and uncover the terrible secret that is behind the Enterprise Project.

</doc>
<doc id="20474639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474639" title="2006 NCAA Division I FCS football season">
2006 NCAA Division I FCS football season

The 2006 NCAA Division I FCS (Football Championship Subdivision) football season, part of the college football season, began on August 26, 2006 and concluded on December 15, 2006 in Chattanooga, Tennessee, where the Appalachian State Mountaineers defeated the Massachusetts Minutemen to win the NCAA Division I Football Championship.
Rule changes for 2006.
There are several rules that have changed for the 2006 season. Following are some highlights:
Postseason.
Gridiron Classic.
The Gridiron Classic is an annual game between the champions of the Northeast Conference and the Pioneer Football League that has been held since December 2006.
Final poll standings.
Standings are from The Sports Network final 2006 poll.

</doc>
<doc id="20474654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474654" title="University of Plano">
University of Plano

The University of Plano was a liberal arts college that existed in Plano, Texas from 1964 to 1977.
The school was founded in 1964 by Robert J. Morris, an attorney and former judge known as an anti-Communist. Morris had served as chief counsel the United States Senate Subcommittee on Internal Security. Morris had been the president of the University of Dallas from 1960 to 1962. Building on the difficulties faced by one of his children, Morris founded the school in 1964 with a focus on the education of mildly disabled college-age students using techniques from the Doman-Delacato Method, such as crawling and creeping, that were intended to stimulate brain development. He remained at the school until 1977 and it closed its doors shortly thereafter.
Dr. Morris was committed to building a high-caliber, world-class, liberal arts university with a politically conservative posture. His concept and vision attracted highly distinguished professors and staff from around the country. Dr. Morris was also personally committed to students that had suffered injuries that impaired their physical articulation. Incorporated into the foundation of the University was the School of Neurological Organization (NO) focusing on the exceptional Doman-Delacato methodology. While the programs Dr. Glen Doman and Dr. Carl Delacto developed were ostensibly for treatment of those suffering with an autistic diagnosis, they and Dr. Morris were confident that this program would be instrumental in helping and aiding the recovery of those with mild brain or nervous system damage that resulted from accidental occurrences. Dr. Morris' ultimate goal was to both found a world-class university AND provide a unique environment where injured youths could be rehabilitated from their physical injuries while concurrently being otherwise able to participate in a superior curriculum of collegiate learning. Dr. Morris' ingenuity pre-dated the now-popular concept of main-streaming those with brain injuries.
Using $250,000 borrowed from Republic National Life of Dallas, he put a down payment on of land in northwest Plano. With $600,000 raised from a bond issue, he persuaded the government of Malaysia to donate to the school the nation's pavilion from the 1964 New York World's Fair, with the pagoda becoming the main building of the university.
The University of Plano received its charter from the State of Texas on May 8, 1964 as a private, coeducational, nondenominational institution. The school was originally called the University of Lebanon, changing its name effective September 4, 1964 to reflect its location . The university's first classes were held in space leased in Dallas in the fall of 1965.
The school had no endowment to speak of, other than the land it had purchased. The school's finances depended on rising values for the land it had purchased, based on the assumption that the growth of the Dallas area would push residential development towards Plano and hopes that portions of the land could be rezoned for commercial use, both of which would drive up the value of the land. Property purchased by Morris for the University in 1964 for $1,800 an acre, sold in 1969 for $3,000 an acre, and could obtain as much as $6,300 an acre by 1971. of the school's land was rezoned for a shopping center and an additional was rezoned for small retail.
Despite warnings offered as far back as 1967, the school developed a heavy reliance on land speculation to meet its expenses. With the end of the land boom in 1975, the school was unable to use land sales to fund its activities. The school ran short of funds in 1976, and despite ownership of and twenty buildings, was forced to close in July 1976.
References.
Records from the former University are not complete and many are not available as they were held by Dr. Robert Morris for some time. The chain of custody is unclear and many graduates have been unable to recover records. An alumni site is available at Universityofplano.org.

</doc>
<doc id="20474671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474671" title="Sebastian Seung">
Sebastian Seung

Hyunjune Sebastian Seung (;) is a Korean American multi-disciplinary expert whose research efforts have spanned the fields of neuroscience, physics and bioinformatics. He is a professor of Computational Neuroscience in the Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences and a professor of Physics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He also is an Investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. He is the son of the renowned philosopher, T. K. Seung.
Seung studied theoretical physics at Harvard University where he obtained his Ph.D. degree under the supervision of David Robert Nelson. Seung's doctoral dissertation is entitled "Physics of Lines and Surfaces." He completed his postdoctoral training at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Before joining the MIT faculty, he was a member of the Theoretical Physics Department at Bell Laboratories. He has been a Sloan Research Fellow, a Packard Fellow, and a McKnight Scholar. He has published numerous scholarly papers. 
His algorithms for nonnegative matrix factorization have been widely applied to problems in visual learning, semantic analysis, spectroscopy, and bioinformatics. He continues to study neural networks using mathematical models, computer algorithms, and circuits of biological neurons in vitro.
He recently authored a book, "Connectome: How the Brain's Wiring Makes Who We Are", released in February 2012.
Currently he teaches at MIT and leads a team working on an online Citizen science project named EyeWire. It is human-based computation game about tracing neurons in the retina. The game was developed by MIT and the Max Planck Institute for Medical Research.

</doc>
<doc id="20474703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474703" title="1977 New Orleans Saints season">
1977 New Orleans Saints season

The 1977 New Orleans Saints season was the team's 11th as a member of the National Football League. They were unable to improve on their previous season's output of 4–10, winning only three games. The team failed to qualify for the playoffs for the eleventh consecutive season.
Regular season.
The season's first victory for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and the franchise's first overall, did not come until week 13 on the road against the New Orleans Saints. The Bucs led at halftime by a score of 13–0. Dave Green had two field goals, while Gary Huff threw a touchdown pass to Morris Owens. Upon their arrival to Tampa Bay, the Bucs were greeted by 8,000 fans. 
Said Saints head coach Hank Stram following the loss, "What a nightmare. It was the worst experience of my coaching career. We're all ashamed for our people, for our fans, for our organization". He was fired the next week. 

</doc>
<doc id="20474723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474723" title="Centre sportif de Colovray Nyon">
Centre sportif de Colovray Nyon

Centre Sportif de Colovray Nyon is where FC Stade Nyonnais play their home Football and Rugby games, the site is opposite the UEFA headquarters. The centre has 6 pitches for different things and hosts a variety of activities, Football, Rugby and Athletics. The stadium has 860 seats and the rest is standing places.
Surface Area: 100,000+ square meters
The record attendance for the ground is 6,800 against Real Madrid in 2001.
The centre covers more than 100,000 square meters and has 6 fields: 
In 2008, for the EURO 2008, Turkey had their base camp at this ground.
In June 2009, the ground hosted the Under – 17 Women's Euro Championship.
With Germany and Spain reaching the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20474762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474762" title="Ponca Reservation">
Ponca Reservation

The Ponca Reservation of the Ponca Tribe of Nebraska is located in northeast Nebraska, with the seat of tribal government located in Niobrara, Knox County. The Indian reservation is also the location of the historic Ponca Fort called "Nanza".
Established by a treaty dated March 12, 1858 and a supplemental treaty on March 10, 1865, the reservation was re-established by an Act of Congress dated March 2, 1899. There were allotted to 167 Indians for settlement. An Indian agency and school buildings were reserved . 
History.
Despite their original reservation having been established in 1858, the Ponca suffered decades of broken treaties, a lack of financial support from the U.S. Government, and ongoing attacks by the neighboring Sioux, with whom they were sworn enemies. In 1875 a Ponca agent visited President Ulysses S. Grant to discuss moving the Ponca to the Indian Territory in present-day Oklahoma. Grant agreed to the move if the Ponca were willing. When the agent returned to Nebraska, Standing Bear and other tribal members signed an agreement to move to the Indian Territory. The agreement also allowed several Ponca chiefs to select a new reservation there. In 1877 the Ponca leaders made arrangements to visit the Indian Territory and select a site for a new reservation.
Ponca Trail of Tears.
In early 1877, ten Ponca leaders left for the Osage Reservation in Indian Territory to select a site for the new Ponca Reservation. Upon arriving, they found no Osage leaders present, so no land agreements were signed. Standing Bear and the other leaders decided they wanted to return home, which infuriated the Indian agent who accompanied them. In February the group of chiefs decided to return on their own. The group spent much of their travels on the open prairie, going for days without rations. They arrived at the Ponca Reservation more than three months later in April 1877.
On their arrival, the group met with their Indian Agent, who had orders to remove the tribe by force to Oklahoma. The tribe was split about leaving; those willing left in mid-April. A month later Standing Bear and the remainder of the tribe left after a military unit from Fort Omaha arrived. Nine people died on the journey, including Standing Bear's daughter. Prairie Flower died of consumption and was buried at Milford, Nebraska. White Buffalo Girl, daughter of Black Elk and Moon Hawk, also died and was buried near Neligh, Nebraska, with the people of Neiligh providing a Christian burial for the girl and crafting an oak cross over the gravesite. Black Elk asked that the grave of his daughter be honored, and in 1913 the town of Neligh erected a marble monument that is still there.
Several of the leaders of the tribe went back to Nebraska, only to be imprisoned at Fort Omaha. General George Crook, commander of the Department of the Platte, imprisoned the contingent against his own best concerns. He tipped off Thomas Tibbles of the "Omaha Daily Herald", who brought national attention to the plight of the tribe. This eventually led the U.S. government to grant the tribe two reservations; one in Nebraska and one in Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="20474778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474778" title="Alexei Strakhov">
Alexei Strakhov

Oleksiy "Alexei" Strakhov (born October 16, 1975) is an ice hockey player from Kharkiv, Ukraine, currently playing for HC Dinamo Minsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL), and for the Belarussian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20474826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474826" title="Viktor Andrushenko">
Viktor Andrushenko

Viktor Andrushenko (born May 10, 1986) is a Ukrainian professional ice hockey player currently playing for HC Dynamo Minsk of the KHL.

</doc>
<doc id="20474831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474831" title="Questions of Ezra">
Questions of Ezra

The Questions of Ezra is an ancient Christian apocryphal text, claimed to have been written by the Biblical Ezra. The earliest surviving manuscript, composed in Armenian, dates from 1208 CE. It is an example of the Christian development of topics coming out from the Jewish Apocalyptic literature. Due to the shortness of the book, it is impossible to determine the original language, the provenance or to reliably date it. This text has had no influence outside the Armenian Apostolic Church.
Two recension's of this text are known: the longer, known as version A, was first published in 1896 by Yovsep'ianc, and translated into English in 1901 by Issaverdens and it is based on a manuscript dated 1208. The shorter recension B was published in 1978 by Stone.
The text can be related with 2 Esdras and with the Greek Apocalypse of Ezra. It is a dialogue between Ezra and an angel of the Lord about the fate of human souls after death. The text includes a description of the throne of God surrounded by the angelic host, though the impossibility of seeing the face of God is strongly emphasized. It also mentions the possibility of freeing souls from the hands of Satan by prayers in Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20474895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474895" title="Cleber Ferreira Manttuy">
Cleber Ferreira Manttuy

Cléber Ferreira Manttuy or simply Cléber (born March 24, 1982) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Académica de Coimbra.

</doc>
<doc id="20474900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474900" title="Lady D'Arbanville">
Lady D'Arbanville

"Lady D'Arbanville" is a song written and recorded by Cat Stevens, and released in April, 1970. He was already a successful songwriter, and this was his first single released upon signing a contract with Island Records, with the encouragement of his new producer, Paul Samwell-Smith, fostering a folk rock direction for the young composer. "Lady D'Arbanville" has a madrigal sound, and was written about Stevens' former girlfriend, Patti D'Arbanville, metaphorically laying her to rest.
Background.
"Lady D'Arbanville" was the first single released from Stevens' third album, "Mona Bone Jakon", which took off in a completely different direction from the songs of his previous two albums. Although Stevens' debut album had charted, and while both albums he'd recorded had successful single releases in the British pop music charts, he chafed against the "Carnaby Street musical jangle" and "heavy-handed orchestration" that his producer, Mike Hurst (of Deram Records) favoured. Just at the completion of his second album with Hurst, Stevens contracted tuberculosis and a collapsed lung, requiring hospitalisation and rest for a year. During this time, he spent his empty hours writing over 40 songs, and upon a clean bill of health successfully negotiated out of his Deram contract, and settled on Island Records' Paul Samwell-Smith as his new producer, who encouraged Stevens' inclinations towards an emerging folk rock genre. 
As Stevens was nearing the end of his period of recuperation, he attended a party that boasted a gathering of musicians in London; including Jimmy Page, Steve Winwood, Ginger Baker, Eric Clapton, and others in attendance. Among the party-goers was Patti D'Arbanville, an American teenager who was pursuing a modelling career at the time; she later gained prominence as an actress. The two began dating over a period of more than a year. D'Arbanville stayed with him whenever she was in London, but often found her career taking her to Paris, and New York City. Unfortunately, after over a year with her, Stevens was willing to invest more in a serious relationship than his young, ambitious girlfriend. It was on such a foray to New York that she heard his song about her on the airwaves. Her reaction was one of sadness. She said, "I just have to be by myself for a while to do what I want to do. It's good to be alone sometimes. Look, Steven given name wrote that song when I left for New York. I left for a month, it wasn't the end of the world was it? But he wrote this whole song about 'Lady D'Arbanville, why do you sleep so still.' It's about me dead. So while I was in New York, for him it was like I was lying in a coffin... he wrote that because he missed me, because he was down... It's a sad song." D'Arbanville continues, "I cried when I heard it, because that's when I knew it was over for good."
Musical genre and sound.
While Stevens' previous singles featured orchestration, this was the first single to contain only acoustic guitars, bass, percussion, and vocals. Newly hired Alun Davies, initially brought in as a session guitarist, shared Stevens' love for the newly emerging folk rock sound that Stevens chose to pursue. The two guitarists worked with John Ryan's syncopated basslines and drummer Harvey Burns' latin rhythms were used to emphasize the beat of the song on the body of the guitar. Stevens said of it later, that "the name itself was intriguing", and that "it was one of the unique songs that stood out, even lyrically". The song had a unique arrangement, and melody as well. The song was singular enough to reach #8 on the British pop music chart, and became the first to get noticeable airplay in the United States. "Lady D'Arbanville" was issued in June 1970 and became his third Top Ten hit in the United Kingdom, with the album "Mona Bone Jakon", beginning a modest climb up the charts as well.
Charts.
Song
Version from Elton John.
Elton John also performed a version of "Lady D'Arbanville" for a covers record, at a time in his career when he was still in relative obscurity. However, in parts of the song, he substitutes one word. The original song is written thus: 
"My Lady D'Arbanville, why do you sleep so still?
I'll wake you tomorrow, and you will be my fill, 
Yes, you will be my fill
Elton John's version has him singing "You will be my "pill"", instead of the original lyrics. John's career took off around the same time as that of Stevens, and the cover songs that John sang on, including "Lady D'Arbanville" remained in obscurity until they were eventually released on a compilation album titled "Legendary Covers As Sung By Elton John" in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20474901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474901" title="Customized employment">
Customized employment

Customized employment (CE) is a process through which the relationship between employer and employee is negotiated and personalized in a way that meets the needs of both. 
Conceived as a way for companies to welcome and serve individuals with disabilities, the principles of CE have been used to respond to increasing requests from all employees for greater workplace flexibility. 
Benefits.
Programs promoting flexibility in employment arrangements save employers and organizations $3.60 for every dollar they spend. Many popular customizations, such as working part-time or working non-traditional hours, are free or very low cost. 

</doc>
<doc id="20474919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474919" title="Joan Weeks">
Joan Weeks

Joan Weeks is a reporter for CBC News.
Awards.
Joan Weeks and Gary Mansfield won gold in the enterprising reporting (radio) category for "Overdosing on Crime", their series looking at the connection between drug addiction and crime in Cape Breton.
Personal life.
Weeks lives in Nova Scotia with her husband Dr. Richard MacKinnon and three of her children. She has written a book, One God One Aim One Destiny: African Nova Scotians in Cape Breton, published by Cape Breton University.

</doc>
<doc id="20474960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474960" title="Christmas Remixed">
Christmas Remixed

Christmas Remixed is a Christmas compilation and remix album, containing remixes of popular classic versions of Christmas songs. It was released in 2003 by Six Degrees Records and reached number 5 on "Billboard"'s Top Electronic Albums chart. A follow-up album, "Christmas Remixed 2", was released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20474972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20474972" title="1977 Philadelphia Eagles season">
1977 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 1977 Philadelphia Eagles season was their 45th in the league. The team improved upon their previous output of 4–10, winning five games. Despite the improvement, the team failed to qualify for the playoffs for the seventeenth consecutive season.
Offseason.
NFL DRAFT.
The 1977 NFL Draft
Player Selections.
The table shows the Eagles selections and what picks they had that were traded away and the team that ended up with that pick. It is possible the Eagles' pick ended up with this team via another team that the Eagles made a trade with. 
Not shown are acquired picks that the Eagles traded away. 

</doc>
<doc id="20475002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475002" title="Paulo Sérgio Ferreira Gomes">
Paulo Sérgio Ferreira Gomes

Paulo Sérgio Ferreira Gomes (born 21 July 1981 in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro), known as Paulo Sérgio, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for S.C. Beira-Mar in Portugal, as a defensive midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20475007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475007" title="Southern Luzon State University">
Southern Luzon State University

Southern Luzon State University (SLSU), formerly known as Southern Luzon Polytechnic College (SLPC) is a public non-sectarian educational institution with eight campuses spread all over the province of Quezon. Its main campus is located at the Municipality of Lucban, a town sitting at the foot of Mount Banahaw in the province of Quezon, Philippines.
The University has been recognized by the Professional Regulation Commission as one of the most competitive Universities in the country as perceived from its passing rate in different professional examinations particularly in Nursing, Education, Engineering and Forestry.
In December, 2008, the University ranked first in the Nursing Board Examination among the State Universities and Colleges all over the country for having 99% passing rate and 3rd in the over-all ranking of nursing schools in the Philippines. The College of Allied Medicine has consistently produced topnotchers since its inception in the 1980s.
The University submits to periodic accreditation through the Accrediting Agency of Chartered Colleges and Universities in the Philippines (AACUP) to ensure that its academic programs maintain quality standards.
True to its vision, the University advocates not only the provision of quality tertiary education in the region, but the promotion of a healthy environment through its protection and management of Mt. Banahaw.
The main campus has seven colleges namely College of Allied Medicine, College of Teacher Education, College of Engineering, College of Industrial Technology, College of Arts and Sciences, College of Business Administration and College of Agriculture. It also has seven competitive satellite campuses in Tagkawayan, Alabat, Polillo, Sampaloc, Lucena, Tiaong, and Infanta. A new satellite campus has been opened in Gumaca and Catanauan to cater the needs of the people for quality tertiary education at a lower cost.
History.
An institution of higher learning in the province of Quezon, Southern Luzon State University (SLSU) had its beginnings starting as Lucban Municipal Junior High School by virtue of Municipal Resolution No. 5 passed in April 1964. The permit to operate was bestowed by Assistant Secretary of Education Hon. Miguel Gaffud in July 1964. On May 1965, the Municipal Resolution No. 86 was passed requesting the change of name to Lucban Municipal High School. The Director of Public Schools Dr. Vitaliano Bernardino approved this resolution in August 1965. Lucban Community College was created and was made part of Lucban Municipal Junior School as an adjunct institution for College Education in June 1968.
Lucban School for Philippine Craftsmen formally started in July 1970 by virtue of Republic Act 4345 also known as the merger law took into effect merging the Lucban Municipal high School and Lucban School of Philippine Craftsmen, thus forming the Lucban National High School in July 1972 (with the continuous operation of Lucban Community College). The future of the College was visualized in 1981 when 20 Assemblymen of Southern Tagalog Region sponsored the Parliamentary Bill No. 173 for the conversion of Lucban National College into Southern Luzon Polytechnic College. The bill was approved in December 1981 and was signed into law known as Batas Pambansa No. 145 by President Ferdinand E. Marcos.
The growth of SLPC was manifested in the existence of seven satellite campuses located in various parts of the province of Quezon. The first satellite campus was SLPC-Alabat, established in July 1991. In 1991, SLPC-Polilio was created by virtue of Board Resolution No. 19, Series of 1992. The following year, two additiional campuses were established: SLPC-Sampaloc in Brgy. Caldong, Sampaloc, Quezon (BOT Res. No. 33, series of 1993) and SLPC-Infanta. In 1996, another campus, the SLPC-Lucena Dual Training and Livelihood Center, was established under Board Resolution No. 130, series of 1996. Judge Guillermo Eleazar Polytechnic College was integrated in February 2002 under Board Resolution No. 352, series of 2002. The newest campus was established in Tiaong, Quezon in 2005.
Mr. Angelo Peña was the founding president of SLPC. He served from 1964-1986. Dr. Palermo Salvacion served as the Officer-in-Charge of the College in 1986. In 1987, Dr. Ernesto de Chavez led the school and ended his term in June, 1990. Dr. Joselito B. Jara took his office as College President in 1990. On May 31, 2002, Dr. Cornelio D. Esquieres became the college president until his demise in August 2004.
Dr. Cecilia N. Gascon was designated as Officer-in-Charge of the College in January 2004 and as Acting President to serve the unfinished term of Dr. Esquieres until May 31, 2006. Dr. Gascon became the full-fledged College President on June 1, 2006. On March 17, 2007, SLPC was converted to Southern Luzon State University by virtue of R.A. 9395 signed into law by President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. Dr. Gascon became the first University President by virtue of Board Resolution No. 609 Series of 2007.
Colleges and Academic Programs.
The following lists the academic programs offered by the University in the Main Campus:
Graduate School
College of Agriculture
College of Allied Medicine
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Business Administration
College of Teacher Education
College of Engineering
College of Industrial Technology
Accredited Programs.
The accredited programs of the University attest its commitment to the delivery of quality tertiary education in the region. As of May, 2012, 28 programs both from the undergraduate and graduate levels in the main campus already have accreditation status ranging from candidate to Level III. Meanwhile, 2 undergraduate programs have been accredited in the Tagkawayan Campus. The list of accredited programs are as follows:
Lucban Main Campus:
1. Elementary Teacher Education - Level III Re-accredited 
2. Secondary Teacher Education - Level III Re-accredited 
3. Nursing - Level III Re-accredited 
4. Accountancy - Level II Re-accredited 
5. Arts and Social Sciences (History & Psycho.) - Level II Re-accredited 
6. Industrial Engineering - Level II Re-accredited 
7. Industrial Technology - Level II Re-accredited 
8. Electrical Engineering - Level II Re-accredited 
9. Mechanical Engineering - Level II Re-accredited 
10. Agriculture - Level II Re-accredited 
11. Forestry - Level II Re-accredited 
12. Arts and Social Science (Public Adm.) - Level II Re-accredited 
13. Arts and Social Science (Communication) - Level II Re-accredited 
14. Business Administration (Entre., Mktg. & Coop.) - Level II Re-accredited 
15. Civil Engineering - Level II Re-accredited 
16. Electronics and Communication Engineering - Level II Re-accredited 
17. Computer Engineering - Level I Accredited 
18. Graduate: Master's (MAEd) - Level I Accredited 
19. Graduate: Master's (MBA) - Level I Accredited 
20. Graduate: Master's (MA -Math Ed.) - Level I Accredited 
21. Graduate: Master's (MA -Science Ed.) - Level I Accredited 
22. Science (Biology) - Level I Accredited 
23. Science (Mathematics) - Level I Accredited 
24. Agricultural Technology - Level I Accredited 
25. Environmental Science - Level I Accredited 
26. Graduate: Master’s (MAN) - Candidate 
27. Graduate: Master’s (MSF) - Candidate 
28. Graduate: Master’s (MA -Applied Linguistics) - Candidate
Tagkawayan Campus:
1.Secondary Teacher Education - Level I Accredited 
2. Fisheries - Level I Accredited
References.
"Most of the Content were acquired from the SLSU University Profile."

</doc>
<doc id="20475046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475046" title="Rosita Moreno">
Rosita Moreno

Rosita Moreno (March 18, 1907 – April 25, 1993) was a Spanish film actress who worked in Hollywood, Argentinian, Mexico, and Spaniard cinema. She was born Gabriela Victoria Viñolas in Madrid, Spain.
Moreno was the daughter of Spanish character actor Francisco Moreno, who also developed a Hollywood career. As a child she devoted herself to acting in revue and zarzuela genres.
Moreno appeared in more than 30 films in a career that spanned more than 20 years, often travelling through several countries in quick succession. She made her screen debut alongside his father in the 1930 film "Amor audaz", co-starring Adolphe Menjou. The same year she appeared in the Spanish-language version of "Paramount on Parade", released by Paramount Pictures. In 1931, Moreno co-starred in "Stamboul" released by Paramount British.
In 1935, Moreno paired Carlos Gardel in two significant films, "El día que me quieras" and "Tango Bar". The same year, she was selected for the main role in "Piernas de seda".
In addition, she worked in other films with Richard Arlen ("The Santa Fe Trail", 1930), Clara Bow ("Her Wedding Night", 1930), Cary Grant ("Ladies Should Listen", 1934), Mona Maris ("Un capitan de Cosacos", 1934) and Noël Coward ("The Scoundrel" 1935), among others.
She made her last appearance in 1949 in an episode of "The Clock", a suspense/anthology TV-series based on an ABC Radio Network series which ran from 1946 through 1948. In this episode she shared leading roles with George Reeves. Little is known about her after that point.
Rosita Moreno died in 1993 in Hollywood, Los Angeles, at the age of 86.

</doc>
<doc id="20475074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475074" title="Mellie Dunham">
Mellie Dunham

Mellie Dunham (July 29, 1853 - September 27, 1931) was an American fiddler during the early twentieth century. Dunham was born in Norway, Maine, the son of Alanson Mellen Dunham and Christiana Bent. He came to prominence after he was invited to play for Henry Ford at his house in Dearborn, Michigan. Ford sent a Pullman car for Dunham and his wife, Emma "Gram" Dunham (née Richardson), because of Ford's love of country music. While Ford had invited 38 other fiddlers before Dunham, none received as much attention as Dunham did.
He was also a snowshoe maker, supplying 60 pairs of snowshoes to Commodore Robert Peary for an Arctic expedition.
Dunham died on September 27, 1931, in Lewiston, Maine, after a two-week illness, and was buried in Pine Grove Cemetery, South Paris, Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="20475075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475075" title="Rodger Stevens">
Rodger Stevens

Rodger Stevens (born 1966 in Brooklyn, New York) is a contemporary American artist.
Stevens graduated from the Poly Prep Country Day School in Brooklyn and went on to study economics at Manhattanville College in Purchase, New York, and at Pace University in Manhattan. Stevens then attended Parsons The New School for Design and the School of Visual Arts. From 1994 through 1999, he worked at Sotheby's.
In the early nineties he began exhibiting his drawings and sculptures at small galleries throughout New York and eventually in more renowned venues such as the Tiffany & Co. windows, the MTV headquarters, the Todd Oldham boutique and the Yohji Yamamoto showroom in SoHo. In recent years he has done commissioned work for the Whitney Museum of American Art, the American Folk Art Museum, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, Barneys, Stuart Weitzman, the Rockwell Group, Jonathan Adler, Starbucks, and the W Hotel. In 2011, he was selected by the Persol eye wear company to be a member of their "Work of Persol" artist series. Stevens continues to show his work in New York, California, and elsewhere. His work has been featured in numerous publications and featured in dozens of blogs. He recently collaborated with designer Mark McKenna on an illuminated mobile called Orchadia and developed a line of lamps for Green Depot. His work is currently represented by the Abingdon 12 gallery in Manhattan’s West Village.
Exhibition history.
Stevens' work has been exhibited both domestically and internationally. His work has been exhibited in New York at: Whitney Museum of American Art; the American Folk Art Museum; the Katonah Museum of Art; Sotheby's; Tiffany & Co.; the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; Denise Bibro Fine Art; the Jonathan Levine Gallery; the Aidan Savoy Gallery; the Cinders Gallery; the Front Room Gallery; the Rockland Center for the Arts, and Abingdon 12.
He has also been exhibited at the Bristol Art Museum in Rhode Island and the Hangaram Design Museum in Seoul, Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="20475100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475100" title="Jimmie Savage (baseball)">
Jimmie Savage (baseball)

James Harold Savage was a Major League Baseball outfielder. He played all or part of three seasons in the majors, between and . He played two games in 1912 for the Philadelphia Phillies, then spent playing regularly for the Pittsburgh Rebels in the Federal League. He played mostly in right field, where he played 66 games, but also played substantially in left field and at shortstop and third base. He played another 14 games for the Rebels in 1915 to finish his major league career.

</doc>
<doc id="20475112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475112" title="Winnebago Reservation">
Winnebago Reservation

The Winnebago Reservation of the Winnebago Tribe of Nebraska is located in Thurston County, Nebraska. The tribal council offices are located in the town of Winnebago. The villages of Emerson, south of First Street, as well as Thurston, are also located on the reservation. The reservation occupies northern Thurston County, Nebraska, as well as southeastern Dixon County and Woodbury County, Iowa, and a small plot of off-reservation land of southern Craig Township in Burt County, Nebraska. The other federally recognized Winnebago tribe is Ho-Chunk Nation of Wisconsin, whose reservation is primarily in that state.
Early history.
Established by an Act of Congress dated February 21, 1863, the reservation was reaffirmed by a treaty dated March 8, 1865 and an act of June 22, 1874. The land was deeded from the Omaha tribe on July 31, 1874. were allotted to 1,200 Indians; reserved for agency, etc.; the residue, , is unallotted.
Economic development.
In 1992 the federally recognized tribe established the WinnaVegas Casino to generate revenues and provide employment. Its council had already legalized alcohol sales on the reservation, in order to keep the revenues from sales taxes and associated fees that its residents had previously paid through off-reservation merchants to the state. It also now directly regulates the sales and can provide for treatment for individuals and families affected by alcoholism. As of 2007, 63% of federally recognized tribes in the lower 48 states had legalized alcohol sales for similar reasons.
In 1994, based on a long-term view of growth, the tribe founded Ho-Chunk, Inc., its economic development corporation, which has strongly contributed to new resources on the reservation. Beginning with one employee, it has grown to 1400 employees operating in 10 states and five foreign countries. Its revenues have provided for development in 1995 of Little Priest Tribal College; as well as a new community school, hospital and a strong housing construction program of more than $1 million, with development of Ho-Chunk Village.
The rise in its economy has enabled the tribe to improve the quality of life on the reservation, as Lance Morgan, the CEO of the corporation, discussed in a forum at Bellevue University in Omaha, Nebraska on April 2, 2010. Ho-Chunk, Inc. has gained awards for small business, and it has initiated a strong housing construction program in collaboration with federal programs. Its leaders were featured on "Native American Entrepreneurs", airing in 2009 on PBS. Ho-Chunk, Inc. operates 26 subsidiaries in areas such as information technology, construction, government contracting, green energy, retail, wholesale distribution, marketing, media and transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="20475120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475120" title="So Young, So Bad">
So Young, So Bad

So Young, So Bad is a black-and-white 1950 American film. It stars Paul Henreid and was directed by Bernard Vorhaus.
It features the film debut of Rita Moreno and the first major screen role for Anne Francis.
The film is about a psychiatrist's efforts to help girls at a reform school.
Plot.
The escape of three young women from Elmview correctional institute results in the resignation of Dr. John Jason, a psychologist there.
Looking back on the circumstances leading up to this day, Jason recalls how the girls protested the harsh and sometimes sadistic treatment of Riggs, the chief of staff, and Mrs. Beuhler, whose methods include solitary confinement and even turning a fire hose on the inmates.
Jason and a colleague, Ruth Levering, show sympathy to the girls but are blocked in their attempts to change Elmview's ways. At one point, the girls try to burn the place down. After one hangs herself and several others break out, another, Loretta, starts a false rumor of an affair between Jason and Levering that leads to their resignations.
One of the girls, Jackie, returns at the last minute to testify as to the horrors of Elmview, leading to Riggs and Beuhler being placed under arrest.
Production.
Vorhaus received his idea after he read a newspaper article about abuses at a women's reformatory. Vorhaus and writer Jean Rouverol visited several institutions to gather ideas. Studios initially showed interest, but they backed out since Vorhaus and Rouverol's politics made the studios uninterested; both Vorhaus and Rouverol received blacklists before "So Young, So Bad" saw release. The film was shot with a low budget. Filming locations included areas in New York and Connecticut; Manhattan in New York City, Yonkers, and Long Island served as filming locations. A Jewish home for blind and elderly people in upstate New York was used to represent the Elmview Corrections School for Girls, a fictional institution.
Reception.
"Turner Classic Movies" described the critical response to "So Young, So Bad" as "tepid" because independent film-making techniques were not as appreciated in the 1950s as they were in later eras. Many critics made jokes out of the title. Some critics accused "So Young, So Bad" of taking ideas from "Caged"; they were released one day apart. "So Young, So Bad" profited in the United States and received an international distribution agreement. Henreid, ignoring the warnings of his agent, placed a 50 percent stake in the film. Henreid said that "So Young, So Bad" made more money for him than any other film.

</doc>
<doc id="20475122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475122" title="Caterina Bueno">
Caterina Bueno

Caterina Bueno (April 2, 1943 – July 16, 2007) was an Italian singer and folk music historian.
Biography.
Starting in the 1960s, her research and performances of Italian folk songs, particularly those of Tuscany, are credited to bringing a new awareness of Italian folk music.
Bueno was born in San Domenico di Fiesole to her Spanish father, painter Xavier Bueno, and Swiss mother, the writer Julia Chamorel. She taught herself to play the guitar and collected folk records, generally of Tuscany origin. She became active at the l'Istituto Ernesto De Martino and later the magazine Nuovo Canzoniere Italiano.
She has worked with many artists in her career including Francesco De Gregori who dedicated his song "Caterina" to her.
Singles.
Bueno was also featured in the 1999 Italian folk collection CD "The Great Ladies of Italian Folk Music" (Buda Musique)

</doc>
<doc id="20475159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475159" title="Loletta Chu">
Loletta Chu

Loletta Chu (born 1960 in Mandalay, Burma) is a Chinese beauty pageant titleholder. She was the winner of the 1977 Miss Hong Kong Pageant.
Early life.
Chu was born in Mandalay, Burma in 1958 into an ethnically Chinese family, with roots in Taishan, Guangdong, China. In 1968 she and her family moved to Hong Kong, where she attended St Teresa School, Hong Kong International School and King George V School. She did some modelling in her teen years.
Miss Hong Kong.
She participated in the 1977 Miss Hong Kong Pageant and became the first candidate to win both the title as well as a second, Miss Photogenic. Coincidentally, ever since Chu won both titles, the winner of the title Miss Photogenic became a good indication of who would eventually be the winner, or runners-up, of the competition.She married afterwards.
After 32 years, she was invited to crown for the Miss Hong Kong 2009 because of Edelweiss Cheung's, Miss Hong Kong 2008 poor working attitude and image and her tarnishment of the reputation of Miss Hong Kong.
Personal life.
She is the former wife of the late tycoon and philanthropist Henry Fok's son, Timothy, with whom she has three sons, Kenneth, Eric and Jeremy.
Chu and Fok announced their divorce in September 2006, after more than two decades of marriage. She remarried, to Hong Kong real estate billionaire Vincent Lo of Shui On Group, in Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts, Singapore in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20475161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475161" title="Carlos Aguiar">
Carlos Aguiar

Carlos Antonio Aguiar Burgos or simply Carlos Aguiar (born December 19, 1978 in Montevideo) is a Uruguyan footballer. He last played for C.D. Huachipato in Chile.
Career.
On 24 April 2009 he has asked for the termination of his contract and is leaving Académica de Coimbra, the Uruguaian midfielder is now a free agent and will return home.
Privates.
He also holds Italian citizenship. Carlos is the brother of another professional footballer Luis Bernardo Aguiar.
References.
http://www.emol.com/especiales/2010/deportes/apertura_primera_a/despliegue.asp?idnoticia=423562

</doc>
<doc id="20475183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475183" title="Solar architecture">
Solar architecture

Solar architecture is the integration of solar panel technology with modern building techniques. The use of flexible thin film photovoltaic modules provides fluid integration with steel roofing profiles that enhances the building's design. Orienting a building to the Sun, selecting materials with favorable thermal mass or light dispersing properties, and designing spaces that naturally circulate air also constitute as solar architecture.
Initial development of solar architecture has been limited by the rigidity and weight of standard solar power panels. The continued development of photovoltaic (PV) thin film solar has provided a lightweight yet robust vehicle to harness solar energy to reduce a building's impact on the environment. 

</doc>
<doc id="20475210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475210" title="National Highway 31 (India)">
National Highway 31 (India)

National Highway 31 is an important National Highway in India. It provides gateway to the states in North-East India. This long National Highway starts in Barhi, Jharkhand at the NH 2 and generally traverses in Northeast direction passing through Jhumri Tilaiya, Koderma, Nawada, Bihar Sharif, Bakhtiarpur, Mokameh, Begusarai, Purnea, Dalkhola, Kishanganj, Bagdogra, Siliguri, Malbazar, Mainaguri, Dhupguri, Cooch Behar, Tufanganj, Kokrajhar, Nalbari, and ends at Jalukbari, Guwahati.
National Highway Development Project.
Approximately stretch of NH 31 has been selected as a part of the East-West Corridor by the National Highways Development Project.

</doc>
<doc id="20475216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475216" title="Éderzito António Macedo Lopes">
Éderzito António Macedo Lopes

Éderzito António Macedo Lopes (born 22 December 1987), commonly known as Éder, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for S.C. Braga as a forward.
Club career.
Early years / Académica.
Born in Bissau, Guinea-Bissau, Éder moved to Portugal in his teens, and started playing football with Associação Desportiva e Cultural da Adémia in the Coimbra District, aged 12. He made his senior debuts with F.C. Oliveira do Hospital and G.D. Tourizense, the latter in the third division and the farm team of Académica de Coimbra.
Éder made his top level debut for Académica on 24 August 2008, in a 0–1 away loss against C.F. Estrela da Amadora. He scored his first goal for the club at the end of the season, netting the "Students" equalizing goal in an eventual 3–1 victory over Associação Naval 1º de Maio.
On 2 May 2010 Éder scored what looked like a winning goal against C.D. Nacional, but the visitors eventually drew it 3–3 in the 90th minute. On 12 September of the following year, against the same opponent and also in Coimbra, he bagged a brace in a 4–0 routing, finishing the season with five goals in 16 appearances; he also helped the club win its first Portuguese Cup since 1939 by defeating Sporting Clube de Portugal in the final, but he only featured in the earlier rounds, as he was suspended by his employers for not reporting to training for several weeks, as interest in acquiring his services arose.
Braga.
In the 2012 summer, Éder signed with S.C. Braga for four years. He made his official debut for his new team on 2 September in a 0–2 loss at F.C. Paços de Ferreira but scored twice late into that month as the Minho Province side defeated Rio Ave F.C. 4–1 at home, contributing with one in a 4–4 home draw with S.C. Olhanense.
On 30 November 2012, in the fifth round of the Taça de Portugal, Éder netted the winning goal as Braga defeated national giants F.C. Porto 2–1, booking a place in the quarter-finals. On 6 January 2013, in a league match against Moreirense FC, he scored the game's only goal shortly after the restart; on 23 February he netted in each half of the local derby against Vitória de Guimarães, in a 3–2 win at the "Estádio Municipal de Braga". but missed the rest of the campaign after suffering a ligament tear in early March.
International career.
Éder chose to represent Portugal internationally. After impressive club performances for Braga, he was first called up by the national team in August 2012 for a match against Luxembourg for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, but remained an unused substitute in the 2–1 away win on 7 September. He made his debut four days later in the same competition, replacing Hélder Postiga in the dying minutes of a 3–0 home win over Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20475284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475284" title="Gustav Schnürer">
Gustav Schnürer

Gustav Schnürer (June 30, 1860 – December 14, 1941) was a German-Swiss historian born in the Silesian village of Jätzdorf.
He studied history, geography and philology at the Universities of Berlin, Breslau and Münster, earning his doctorate in 1883 at Münster. Afterwards he worked as an editorial assistant at Munich, later obtaining a professorship in medieval history at the University of Fribourg (1889).
Schnürer is known for his studies of religious and religio-cultural history. His best known written work was "Kirche und Kultur im Mittelalter", a book that was translated into English in 1956 by George J. Undreiner as "Church and Culture in the Middle Ages: 350 - 814". 
He was co-founder of "Deutschen Gesellschaft für christliche Kunst" (German Society of Christian Art) (1893) and "Zeitschrift für schweizerische Kirchengeschichte" (Magazine of Swiss Church History) (1907).

</doc>
<doc id="20475305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475305" title="Diogo Soares Gomes">
Diogo Soares Gomes

Diogo Soares Gomes or simply Diogo Gomes (born September 12, 1985) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Pro Duta FC.

</doc>
<doc id="20475330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475330" title="Undertow (1949 film)">
Undertow (1949 film)

Undertow is a 1949 thriller film directed by William Castle, starring Scott Brady, Peggy Dow, Bruce Bennett, Dorothy Hart and John Russell. It is the story of an ex-con, a former Chicago mobster, who is accused of the murder of a high ranking Chicago boss. The movie also marks the second film to feature a young actor named Rock Hudson and the first in which he received a film credit for his work.
Plot.
Tony Reagan (Scott Brady), a former Chicago mobster and ex-con, is vacationing in Reno at a lodge. He bumps into an old friend/former colleague from Chicago named Danny Morgan (John Russell). It turns out they are both engaged to be married.
On his way home to Chicago, Reagan shares the flight with a schoolteacher, Ann McKnight (Peggy Dow), someone he met at a Reno casino and helped win at the gambling table. Reagan arrives home and is met by the police. It seems that Reagan is a suspect as a potential trouble maker due to his past dispute with a Chicago mob kingpin, Big Jim, his fiancee's uncle.
The police put a tail on him, which he shakes on a Chicago elevated train. Reagan meets up with his bride-to-be, Sally Lee (Dorothy Hart). He tells her he will go to Big Jim to make peace. But when the uncle is murdered, Reagan is framed for the murder.
On the run from both the police and from the unknown murderers, Reagan enlists the help of McKnight and an old buddy, Charles Recklilng (Bruce Bennett), who is a detective. They discover the truth: Morgan is also engaged to Sally Lee, and together they are responsible for murdering her uncle and framing Reagan.
Reagan manages to clear himself, however, after which he and McKnight end up in each other's arms, bound to that lodge in Reno.

</doc>
<doc id="20475363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475363" title="The Tempest (2010 film)">
The Tempest (2010 film)

The Tempest is a 2010 American fantasy film based on the play of the same name by William Shakespeare, featuring Helen Mirren in the principal role of Prospera. The film is directed by Julie Taymor and premiered at the Venice Film Festival in September 2010.
Sandy Powell received her ninth Academy Award nomination for Best Costume Design.
Plot.
Prospera, the duchess of Milan, is usurped by her brother, Antonio, and is cast off on a raft to die with her three-year-old daughter, Miranda. They survive, finding themselves stranded on an island where the beast, Caliban is the sole inhabitant. Prospera enslaves Caliban and claims the island. After 12 years, Alonso, the King of Naples, sails back to his kingdom from the marriage of his daughter to the prince of Tunisia, accompanied by his son, Ferdinand, and Antonio. Prospera, realising her chance for revenge, causes a tempest, wrecking the ship and stranding those on board on her island.
Production.
The film, based on the play of the same name by William Shakespeare, is written and directed by Julie Taymor. The play's main character was Prospero, and Taymor changed the character's gender to cast Helen Mirren as Prospera. Taymor explained the casting decision, "I didn't really have a male actor that excited me in mind, and yet there had been a couple of phenomenal females—Helen Mirren being one of them—who me think: 'My God, does this play change? What happens if you make that role into a female role?'" Taymor held a reading and found that the story could accommodate the change of gender without being gimmicky.
In Shakespeare's play, Prospero was the Duke of Milan. In the adaptation, Prospera is the wife of the Duke. She is "more overtly wronged" than Prospero; when the duke is killed, Prospera's brother Antonio (played by Chris Cooper) accuses her of killing him with witchcraft. Antonio makes the accusation to be rid of Prospera and claim her royal title. Taymor said, "She had her whole life taken away from her because she was a woman." Prospera wants to prevent the same thing from happening to her daughter.
Principal photography took place around volcanic areas of the big island of Hawaii and Lanai.
Release.
"The Tempest" premiered at the Venice Film Festival on September 11, 2010, as the festival's closing film. When Disney sold Miramax Films to Filmyard Holdings, LLC, Disney took over distribution through its division Touchstone Pictures. The film was released on December 10, 2010.
Reception.
The film has received mixed to negative reviews from critics; Rotten Tomatoes maintains that 30% of 86 reviewers gave a positive review with an average score of 4.6/10. "Entertainment Weekly" said the film – "theatrically ambitious, musically busy, and in the end cinematically inert – clearly reflects the authorship of myth-loving director Julie Taymor." "USA Today" found that "Mirren keeps the film on track. But incomprehensible shouting and pointless shenanigans obscure subtle moments." In a similar vein, "Newsweek" said "the film's special effects, to a surprising extent, add little to the story," and that "next to the concise power of language, the screen wizardry of even a resourceful director like Taymor seems like rough magic indeed". However, "The New Yorker"'s David Denby pointed out the film's strengths, most particularly Helen Mirren's performance as Prospera: "Mirren has the range and power to play a woman with unprecedented control of the elements, and over men, too." Sandra Hall in "The Sydney Morning Herald" is more generous toward Taymor's vision, saying, "In the scene that explains the circumstances of mother and daughter's banishment from the dukedom of Milan, Taymor has skillfully tweaked Shakespeare's lines to take account of her new scenario," and praising the film's visual elements.

</doc>
<doc id="20475374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475374" title="Charles Armstrong (baseball)">
Charles Armstrong (baseball)

Charles (Pee Wee) Armstrong (December 13, 1914 – January 27, 1990) was an American professional baseball player and coach.
Armstrong was born in Bogalousa, Louisiana, but raised in Jackson, Mississippi.
Armstrong attended Central High School in Jackson, Mississippi and Mississippi State University from 1934 to 1937, where he lettered in football, baseball and basketball (1934–36). He was All-SEC in 1935 and named Best Athlete in 1937.
Armstrong played professional baseball with the Jackson Senators in 1937-38 where he played catcher to future Boston Redsox pitcher and MLB Hall of Famer, Dave "Boo" Ferriss. He coached Mississippi State football in 1938 and was a coach and Athletics Director at Belzoni Hich School in 1939-40. Armstrong was also a Southeastern Conference football and basketball official in the 1950s and 1960s, and later officiated football and basketball at the junior college level before retiring. He was a lifelong resident of Meridian, Mississippi.
Armstrong is most famous for the 65-yard winning pass he threw to Fred Walters when Mississippi State beat undefeated national powerhouse Army in West Point, New York (13-7) in 1935. Armstrong was inducted into the Mississippi State University Sports Hall of Fame in 1972. In 1976, Armstrong was inducted into the Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20475421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475421" title="Blangkon">
Blangkon

A blangkon or belangkon (Indonesian) is a traditional Javanese headdress worn by men and made of batik fabric. There are 4 different types of blangkons according to their shapes and origins: Ngayogyakarta blangkons, Surakarta blangkons, Kedu blangkons, and Banyumasan blangkons.
History.
In ancient Javanese society, blangkons are believed to originate from the legendary story of Aji Saka. In the story, Aji Saka defeated Dewata Cengkar, a giant who owns the land of Java, by spreading a giant piece of headdress that could cover the entire land of Java. Aji Saka was also believed to be the founder of the Javanese calendar.
There are theories stating that the use of blangkon is the influence of Hindu and Islamic culture absorbed by the Javanese. The first Muslims who entered Java are people from mainland Arab and Gujarati traders. Blangkons are believed to derive from turbans worn by Gujarati traders.

</doc>
<doc id="20475428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475428" title="Assistant Secretary of State for Population, Refugees, and Migration">
Assistant Secretary of State for Population, Refugees, and Migration

The Assistant Secretary of State for Population, Refugees, and Migration is the head of the Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration within the United States Department of State. The Assistant Secretary of State for Population, Refugees, and Migration reports to the Under Secretary of State for Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights (formerly entitled Under Secretary of State for Democracy and Global Affairs).

</doc>
<doc id="20475441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475441" title="497th Combat Training Squadron">
497th Combat Training Squadron

The 497th Combat Training Squadron is a United States Air Force unit. Its present assignment is to Singapore's Paya Lebar Air Base, where its mission is to provides operational and logistical support to U.S. Air Force fighter aircraft deployed to Singapore for training exercises with the Republic of Singapore Air Force.
Overview.
Approximately three deployments of USAF F-15s and F-16s from both Active Duty and National Guard units from around the world are made each year to Singapore under the auspices of EXERCISE COMMANDO SLING. The squadron supports/participates in regional exercise and global contingencies, and provides housing; morale, recreation and welfare facilities and programs: medical services; force protection to resources and personnel; and legal, financial, communications, and contracting support to assigned and deployed personnel.
The 497th CTS comprises the basic functional elements of a small-scale USAF fighter wing - fighter operations, flightline logistics, community and mission support, and medical services. With a permanently assigned staff of 37 personnel, the 497th CTS represents the entire USAF presence in Singapore. However, six times a year for up to four weeks the squadron "grows" to between 120 and 190 in strength, with the deployment of 6 to 12 F-15 and/or F-16 aircraft and the associated 75 to 150 support personnel. When so configured, the 497 CTS "presence" is transformed into an operational role, to conduct an intense schedule of air-to-air combat training with the RSAF.
The 497 CTS also supports USAF fighter rotations to Southwest Asia and several other regional exercises such as COPE TAUFAN, COPE TIGER, and COPE WEST. An example of the 497th CTS's "expanding capability" occurred in May 1998 during COMMANDO SLING 98-4 when they also supported the ordered departure of U.S. personnel from Indonesia. Paya Lebar Air Base ramp at that time had 28 USAF F-15s, four USAF C-130s, four USAF KC-135s, one C-141, one C-17, plus all the permanently based RSAF aircraft and aircraft from other nations. All were supported by 497 CTS and RSAF personnel. Additionally, COMMANDO SLING 98-4 was the first time the normally bilateral exercise was expanded to include the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) F/A-18 Hornets.
The commander is also the Designated Commanding Officer for legal jurisdiction over U.S. military personnel in nine Southeast Asian countries. It is a tenant command under Naval Region Singapore and shares space at the Sembawang Terminal with Task Force 73/Commander, Logistics Group Western Pacific and a space a Paya Lebar Air Base (PLAB) .
History.
Operational training unit, June 1942 – October 1943; replacement training, October 1943 – April 1944. Air defense of West coast, 1953–1955; Air Defense of Southwest Europe, 1958–1964. Combat in Southeast Asia, 1965–1974; Defense of South Korea, 1974–1988. Combat training in Southeast Asia, 1991–present

</doc>
<doc id="20475451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475451" title="Foustown, Pennsylvania">
Foustown, Pennsylvania

Foustown is an unincorporated community in West Manchester Township, York County, Pennsylvania, 
United States.
Foustown is located at (39.9950974, -76.7716341). It lies 502 feet (153 m) above sea level.
This region of York County is known to have an abundance of clay, which is the main reason why potters from Europe settled here in the late 18th and early 19th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="20475453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475453" title="Carciano de Jesus Acácio">
Carciano de Jesus Acácio

Carciano de Jesus Acácio (born May 13, 1981 in Salvador), or simply Carciano, is a Brazilian football defender.

</doc>
<doc id="20475465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475465" title="Farhod Tadjiyev">
Farhod Tadjiyev

Farhod Tadjiyev () (born on 9 April 1986) is a Uzbekistani footballer currently playing for Lokomotiv Tashkent as Striker. His name means "happiness" in Persian. He is the younger brother of Kamoliddin Tajiev and Zaynitdin Tadjiyev.
Career.
He joined Tianjin Teda in February 2010, after Tianjin Teda released his elder brother Zaynitdin Tadjiyev.
In 2011-12 he played in Pakhtakor Tashkent. In summer 2012 he moved to Shurtan Guzar. On 27 January 2013 he signed contract with Lokomotiv Tashkent.
International.
Tadjiyev made five appearances for the Uzbekistan national football team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying rounds.
He was called to Uzbekistan team to play in 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Lebanon on 26 March 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="20475497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475497" title="Gombe Lawanti International Airport">
Gombe Lawanti International Airport

Gombe Airport is an airport serving Gombe, a city in the Gombe State of Nigeria. It was recently built along the Bauchi to Gombe road by the village of Lawanti. Planning began in 2005 and was certified for flights in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20475509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475509" title="Harbor Ridge, Newport Beach">
Harbor Ridge, Newport Beach

Harbor Ridge is a guard-gated community in Newport Beach, California. The neighborhood resides on the ridge of a hill that offers residents spectacular views of the Southern California coastline. The most centrally-located community in Newport Beach for view properties, Harbor Ridge is just minutes from the fine shopping of Fashion Island, the beaches of Corona del Mar, and the The Resort at Pelican Hill in Newport Coast.
The Harbor Ridge Master Association community profile describes the neighborhood as follows:
"Harbor Ridge is an affluent gate-guarded coastal community in Newport Beach, California. Sitting atop a hilly knoll, Harbor Ridge covers 170 acres. Spectacular vistas of the Pacific Ocean, Newport Beach, Palos Verdes, Saddleback Mountains, inland night-lights and Catalina Island can be viewed from Harbor Ridge. Fresh ocean breezes keep the climate pleasantly moderate. When within the impressive gates, one feels transported to another land, tranquil, secure, and surrounded by well maintained grounds and homes.
Harbor Ridge was developed by The Irvine Company in 1978 -1980 with an overall concept of creating a forest on a hillside. The hillside was planted with sycamores, pines and alders to emphasize the landforms and ridgelines which helped to enhance the skyline while mitigating the visual impact of housing near the ridge. The natural landforms took precedence over any architectural requirements. The housing was designed to fit the land, rather than grading the land to accommodate flatland-housing design. These considerations in development produced an aesthetically pleasing result, not only to its residents, but also to the communities below."
Since the time of its development by the Irvine Company, the neighborhood remains distinguished for the range of architectural styles seen on its custom homesites, a sharp contrast to the strictly Mediterranean-style architectural zoning regulations of Newport Coast. Private amenities exclusive to residents include tennis courts, four pool/spa facilities, a Women's Club, and a wooded nature trail. The Harbor Ridge custom homesites typically list on the market for anywhere from $3 million to $10 million, among Newport's most expensive, with homes ranging in size from approximately 4,000 to .
Prominent residents have included Edward Thorp (hedge fund manager), Dean Koontz (author), and Paul Crouch (Trinity Broadcasting Network founder).

</doc>
<doc id="20475543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475543" title="Maykon Daniel Elias Araújo">
Maykon Daniel Elias Araújo

Maykon Daniel Elias Araújo, known as simply Maykon (born 20 April 1984), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Ottawa Fury FC, as a left midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20475570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475570" title="Zaynitdin Tadjiyev">
Zaynitdin Tadjiyev

Zaynitdin Tadjiyev () (born on 21 June 1977) is an Uzbek footballer who currently plays for Neftchi Farg'ona.
Career.
Pakhtakor.
He started his playing career at "Akademiya Tashkent". From 2002 to 2004 he played for Pakhtakor Tashkent. Playing for "Pakhtakor" he won several Uzbek League championships and the Uzbek Cup. In the 2008 Uzbek League season Tadjiyev scored 17 goals, following the top goalscorer of the season Server Djeparov with 19 goals. In 2009 Pakhtakor qualified for the quarter-finals of the 2009 AFC Champions League and Tadjiyev was the top goalscorer of the club, scoring 5 goals in the tournament. With 13 goals he is one of the all-time top goalscorers of the AFC Champions League.
Lokomotiv Tashkent.
In 2011 he moved to Lokomotiv Tashkent to play in the Uzbekistan First League. In 2011 season he became the best top goalscorer of First League with 30 goals and gained promotion to the Uzbek League with Lokomotiv. Tadjiyev was also the top goal scorer of Lokomotiv in 2012 season, scoring 12 goals.
International.
Tadjiyev has made 18 appearances for the Uzbekistan national football team, including seven FIFA World Cup qualifying matches, scoring a total of 3 goals.
He has scored a total of 97 goals in the Uzbek League, as of 24 August 2013, and 139 goals in all competitions, entering the Gennadi Krasnitsky club of the best Uzbek top goalscorers.
Honors.
Individual.
Uzbekistan First League Top Scorer: 2011 (30 goals)

</doc>
<doc id="20475615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475615" title="Wanderson Souza Carneiro">
Wanderson Souza Carneiro

Wanderson Souza Carneiro known as Baiano (born February 23, 1987) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for the Portuguese club S.C. Braga.

</doc>
<doc id="20475641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475641" title="Oh Boy Records">
Oh Boy Records

Oh Boy Records is an independent American record label founded in 1984 by singer John Prine, his manager Al Bunetta and their friend Dan Einstein. The label has released more than 40 audio and video recordings by singer-songwriters Prine, Kris Kristofferson, Slick Ballinger, Shawn Camp, Dan Reeder and Todd Snider, along with a dozen reissues of classic country music artists. Oh Boy Records also manages two subsidiary labels, Steve Goodman's Red Pajamas Records and speciality label Blue Plate Music. Oh Boy is based in Nashville, Tennessee.
History.
Al Bunetta was a talent manager with Paul Anka's management company CMA, working with artists like Bette Midler, Al Green and The Manhattan Transfer. When Anka signed John Prine and Steve Goodman to management contracts in 1971, Bunetta became the manager for both of them. In 1980, Prine finished his recording contract with Asylum and moved to Nashville. Rather than sign with another major label, he decided to start one of his own, and was joined by Bunetta and associate Dan Einstein. The new Oh Boy label's first release was a red vinyl Christmas single with Prine singing "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" on the A-side and "Silver Bells" on the B-side. The first full-length release was Prine's "Aimless Love" in 1984. Around 1989, Sony offered to buy Oh Boy Records, but Prine decided to keep the label independent and turned down the offer.
Recent projects.
In 2000, the label began reissuing a series of classic country music artists titled "Oh Boy Classics Presents..." These are remastered versions of the original recordings. The first three artists in this series were Roger Miller, Willie Nelson and Merle Haggard. In 2007 Oh Boy released "Standard Songs for Average People", an album of classic country duets by Prine and bluegrass singer Mac Wiseman. 2010 saw the release of a new Prine live album, "In Person & On Stage", followed by "Broken Hearts & Dirty Windows", a tribute album of Prine songs performed by artists like Sara Watkins and Old Crow Medicine Show.

</doc>
<doc id="20475657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475657" title="Shoo Shoo Baby (song)">
Shoo Shoo Baby (song)

"Shoo Shoo Baby" is a popular song made famous by The Andrews Sisters. They sang it in the 1943 film "Three Cheers for the Boys" and it became a big hit for them in 1944, reaching No. 6 in the chart. Their version features a jazzy vocal pop arrangement typical of the time, with a key hook provided by the horns. It was written by Phil Moore and has appeared on many albums of 1940's music.
Ella Mae Morse also recorded this song in 1943, released on CAPITOL label 143, with Dick Walters Orchestra. This version went to number four on the pop chart and number one on the R&B charts for 2 weeks in Dec, 1943.
It was also recorded by Glenn Miller with the vocals performed by the Crew Chiefs. Frank Sinatra recorded the song in the fifties, as did Nat King Cole. 
A version of the song by an uncredited male singer is played over a radio at the Heavenly trial of the airman in the 1946 film A Matter of Life and Death as a symbol of modern America.
This song was also the inspiration for the naming of the 'Shoo Shoo Baby', a B-17 Flying Fortress which served during World War II.
In 1984 the Norwegian swing/pop duo Bobbysocks! covered the song on their LP "Bobbysocks!".
R&B girl band Mis-Teeq, covered the song for the soundtrack to the Disney film "Valiant" in 2005. It was the last track Mis-Teeq ever recorded before they split up to pursue solo careers.

</doc>
<doc id="20475693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475693" title="Vanderlei Mascarenhas dos Santos">
Vanderlei Mascarenhas dos Santos

Vanderlei Mascarenhas dos Santos or simply Vanderlei (born October 19, 1982) is a Brazilian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20475790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475790" title="National Highway 57A (India)">
National Highway 57A (India)

National Highway 57A links Muzaffarpur to Forbesganj in Bihar. This highway is only long 

</doc>
<doc id="20475791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475791" title="Raymond A. Litke">
Raymond A. Litke

Raymond A. Litke (1920-1986) was an American electronic engineer, the inventor of a wireless microphone and other electronic devices. He was born and raised on a farm near Alma, Kansas, but spent most of his adult life in San Jose, California.
Wireless microphone.
Litke invented a wireless microphone in 1957 while employed as an electronics expert at San Jose State College. His supervisor challenged him to invent a microphone to use in educational presentations which would be free of wires.
Litke’s wireless mike resembled a silver tube with “a microphone at the top, a transmitter in the middle and its battery power supply at the bottom.” It was 6 inches long, 1 inch in diameter, and weighed 7 ounces; the device had a broadcast range of up to a half-mile. Two types of mikes were available: lavalier and hand-held. A companion receiver, weighing 17 pounds, completed the portable sound system.
Although Litke prototyped the wireless microphone in 1957, he did not file for a patent until 1960. U.S. Patent No. 3,134,074 was officially granted on May 8, 1961. His microphone is sometimes also called the “Vega-Mike” after the Vega Electronics Corporation which first manufactured it as a product. Vega sold other electronics items and tapes developed by Litke.
Litke's wireless microphone was first tested at the Olympic trials held at Stanford University in 1959. Next, the American Broadcasting Company (ABC television) tested the microphone at the Democratic and Republican Conventions in 1960. Candidates John F. Kennedy and Richard Nixon were among the first celebrities to use the Vega-Mike. TV anchor John Daly praised Litke's invention on the ABC television news broadcast in July 1960. Daly introduced it to Americans with the words: "This is a Vega-Mike" and went on to explain it "is a wireless microphone, six inches long... without any wires of any kind..." Daly pointed out it could be used to broadcast "within the (convention) hall or outside... without the inconvenience of interconnecting microphone cables..." Even the Federal Communication Commission was impressed with it. When Litke sought FCC clearance, his demonstration of the microphone's clarity, range, size and workability was so successful that the FCC gave him 12 frequencies instead of the one he was seeking.
Other accomplishments.
In the 1960s Litke worked at the University of California Medical Center in San Francisco as the chief engineer of Educational Television and as an electronics expert. While there, he developed medical devices which included the fiber-optic colonoscope. NASA employed Ampex to do the audio/visual equipment for the Apollo missions. Litke was hired as a consultant to help with the design of the video gear.

</doc>
<doc id="20475803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475803" title="Ainapo Trail">
Ainapo Trail

The Ainapo Trail was the primary route to the summit of Mauna Loa from prehistory to 1916. The trail began on the southeast flank at 2000 feet of elevation and reached Mokuaweoweo, the summit crater, at . It was sometimes called "Menzies Trail" after Archibald Menzies who was the first recorded outsider to climb the mountain in 1794.
The Ainapo Trail was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 30, 1974.
Early history.
This 35-mile (55 km) route from the small community of Kapapala (near present-day Pahala) had been used in Ancient Hawaii to make offerings to Pele during eruptions. The name comes from '"aina pō" in the Hawaiian language which means "darkened land", due to heavy clouds at the mid-elevation sections. At higher elevations above the clouds, the landscape is dry and barren lava rock. The climb is from about at Kapapala to above at the summit of Mokuaweoweo.
The trail was furnished with camps which provided rest areas and an opportunity to acclimate to the increasing altitude. The camps consisted of temporary huts, or rock shelters, one of which was in a lava tube. In areas where the trail was hard to discern, rock cairns marked the way, placed to be visible along the skyline as travelers moved upwards.
In 1794, Archibald Menzies, a naturalist on the Vancouver Expedition, used the trail and about 100 Hawaiian porters to reach the summit and measure its elevation with a barometer.
Lieutenant Charles Wilkes of the 1840 United States Exploring Expedition first attempted to use a shorter route, but resorted to the Ainapo trail after making much slower progress than he planned in his trip to the summit.
The trail was widened in 1870 and again in 1913 when horses and mules started bringing more visitors to the summit.
Decline and revival.
In 1915 the United States Army built a new trail directly from Kilauea Crater to Mokuaweoweo which was maintained by the National Park Service when the Hawaii Volcanoes National Park was formed in 1916. The historic route fell into disuse since the lower elevations covered private land used for ranching and farming.
Today, only the section of about above remains in its original condition. 
The on either side of the trail in this area was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 30, 1974 as site 74000290 and is state historic site 10-52-5501. 
In the late 1990s a modern shelter was built at a historic camp site at an elevation of .
The lower area of Kapapala is now a private ranch, although hunting and camping can be arranged. Modern trails can now be taken from a trailhead on Ainapo road north of Hawaii Belt Road at coordinates , through the Kapapala State Forest Reserve, to the historic section of the Ainapo trail, all the way to the summit.

</doc>
<doc id="20475808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475808" title="National Highway 57 (India)">
National Highway 57 (India)

National Highway 57 links Muzaffarpur to Purnea. It is long. 
Route.
This National Highway stretch passes through Muzaffarpur, Darbhanga, Muria, sakri city Jhanjharpur Purani Bazar, Simrahi Bazar, Narahia, Narpatganj, Forbesganj, Araria[(Nawani Jhanjharpur)] 
Purnia.

</doc>
<doc id="20475813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475813" title="Josephus L. Mavretic">
Josephus L. Mavretic

Josephus Lyman "Joe" Mavretic (born July 29, 1934) is a former Democratic public official and military veteran from North Carolina. Born in Currituck County, he made his career as a Marine, graduating from the Naval War College and becoming a Marine fighter pilot, retiring at the rank of Lieutenant Colonel.
He retired from the Marines and returned to his home state. He came from a Democratic family and community, and he ran successfully for the North Carolina House of Representatives as a Democrat in 1980. In spite of his party label, he admired President Ronald Reagan and was willing to buck his party on several issues.
Mavretic became nationally known when he led a bipartisan coalition to remove Liston B. Ramsey from the position of Speaker of the House. He then served in that position from 1989 to 1990. He left the legislature in 1995 and retired to private life and is now a panelist on the television news talk show NC Spin.

</doc>
<doc id="20475814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475814" title="Province Island">
Province Island

Province Island () is an island mostly in the Canadian province of Québec, but partly in the American state of Vermont. It is situated in Lake Memphremagog. The total island's area is 0.31 km². Although 0.028 km² at its southern point is part of the USA (Town of Derby, Orleans County in the State of Vermont), the predominant part belongs to the city of Magog (known as "Mem-Toag" by the Native North Americans), in Memphrémagog Regional County Municipality, Quebec. At the end of the 18th Century a pioneer named Martin Adams and his wife built a house on the island, where they grew flax and vegetables. The island was previously known as "Zabriskie" and "Howard Island". It is in private property; a pheasant hunt is organized annually. The border between Canada and the USA is marked by a five meter strip marked in the forest by trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20475826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475826" title="Hikmat Khashimov">
Hikmat Khashimov

Hikmat Khashimov (born on 12 November 1979) is a Uzbekistani footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20475858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475858" title="WKRP (disambiguation)">
WKRP (disambiguation)

WKRP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20475905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475905" title="Moscow Rules (novel)">
Moscow Rules (novel)

Moscow Rules (2008) is one of Daniel Silva's spy novels.
Featuring Gabriel Allon as a spy/assassin who works undercover as an art restorer, "Moscow Rules" explores the world of a rising Russia. The villain is a rich Russian oligarch who is a weapons dealer. The title is based on the Cold War rules in which CIA agents were trained when operating against the Soviet Union, known as the "Moscow Rules" — for example, "Don't look back, you are never alone".
Plot Summary.
New terror calls Gabriel Allon away from his wife Chiara and blissful honeymoon in Italy. Boris Ostrovsky, editor of the independent "Moskovsky Gazeta", claims to have exclusive information about imminent terror threats to the West and Israel but only dares entrust his knowledge with the now-famous Gabriel Allon. However, Ostrovsky’s sudden assassination cuts short his message and leaves intelligence officers within the Israeli-based Office to guess at the scope of the purported threat against their country. Ostrovsky’s death, accompanied by the recent murders of two other journalists from the "Gazeta", seems to indicate that his message was both urgent and true. Gabriel’s drive to uncover this terror threat leads him to Russia, where he must play by a new set of rules that challenge even his abilities as Israel’s top intelligence fieldworker.
His encounter with Olga Sukhova, also of the "Gazeta", confirms his suspicions that a Russian arms dealer has begun trafficking with well-known terror groups. Olga reveals her source to be Elena Kharkov, the wife of alleged arms dealer Ivan Kharkov—an oligarch with strong ties to both the old and new Kremlin governments. Gabriel saves himself and Olga from an assassination attempt but, in so doing, arouses the suspicion of the FSB, Russia’s security department. Only the quick and heavy-handed negotiations of the Office secure Gabriel’s life and freedom.
Gabriel, however, cannot be dissuaded from continuing his investigation. Upon learning of Elena Kharkov’s fondness for Mary Cassatt’s paintings, Gabriel enlists the help of art specialist and fieldworker Sarah Bancroft in arranging a meeting with Elena. He then forges a Cassatt painting and has Sarah represent it as a tender reflection of her childhood to Elena. After close inspection, Elena concludes that the painting is both a fraud and a pretence for meeting Sarah. The unexpected presence of Ivan prevents Elena from sharing her knowledge, and Gabriel’s team must then follow the Russian aristocrat to France.
When Sarah surprises Elena at a chic San Tropez restaurant, Elena realizes that she must seize this opportunity to assuage her conscience and potentially save thousands of lives. She entrusts herself to Gabriel’s team, informs them of Ivan’s underhanded dealings, offers to turn over his business records, and asks for help in ‘defecting’ from both her husband and her country’s corruption. She then travels to Russia with Gabriel’s entourage and gathers the sensitive financial information required to prove her husband’s complicity to the arms trafficking. The task runs afoul, however, when Ivan’s chief of personal security, Arkady Medvedev interrupts the operation and takes Elena, and later Gabriel, hostage. At a vast countryside warehouse filled with weapons, Arkady proudly demonstrates the breadth and shamelessness of Ivan’s trafficking. Yet, he is frustrated in his ability to get either Elena or Gabriel to reveal the whereabouts of Ivan and Elena’s twin children.
Arkady passes Gabriel on to Grigori Bulganov, an FSB intelligence director, with instructions for Gabriel’s murder. Gabriel is surprised to discover that Grigori was his interrogator in his previous detention with the FSB, and his astonishment grows as Grigori reveals his duplicity as both an agent for and, secretly, against Ivan Kharkov and the corruption that he represents. Grigori arms and then returns a supposedly conciliatory Gabriel to Arkady. When Arkady lets down his guard, Grigori and Gabriel kill him and his guards and then free Elena. The three quickly return to Moscow to once again retrieve Ivan’s financial documents and to rescue Olga; they then proceed to the Ukraine, freedom, and new lives.
Because of the efforts of these four people, governments worldwide avert imminent terror attacks and freeze Ivan Kharkov’s business ventures. The U.S. government secrets away Elena and her children, while the UK shelters Olga Sukhova and Grigori Bulganov; the latter two collaborate upon and publish an exhaustive account of Ivan’s dealings. Their work overtly implicates the collusion of Russia’s government, which denies ties to Ivan while openly harboring him. Gabriel portends to his colleague Ari Shamron that Ivan’s days are numbered. However, a serious eye injury (a battle scar from his most recent trip to Russia) prevents Gabriel from pursuing Ivan any further. Indeed, Gabriel fears that his profession as an art restorer is impossible. Yet, time and skilled medical attention allow Gabriel the promise of full recovery—and continued work both as an artist and as a secret agent.
International titles.
Portuguese: "As Regras de Moscovo". ("The Moscow Rules"). (2010). ISBN 9789722520836

</doc>
<doc id="20475962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475962" title="German University of Technology in Oman">
German University of Technology in Oman

The German University of Technology in Oman (GUtech) is a private university in Muscat, Sultanate of Oman and was established in 2007 in collaboration with RWTH Aachen University in Germany, one of the leading universities of technology in Europe.
GUtech is the only German university on the Arabian Peninsula and the first private university in Oman to receive international accreditation for all its BSc programs. In the Academic Year 2013/2014 approximately 1100 students were enrolled in GUtech’s programs.
History.
On 27 December 2006, a collaborative agreement was signed between Oman Educational Services LLC (OES) and RWTH Aachen University to establish the German University of Technology in Oman (GUtech). GUtech was established "ad intitio", without building on any previously existing structure, with the support of RWTH Aachen.
In May 2007 the so-called Beach Campus, comprising two villas in the district of Al Athaiba (Muscat), was inaugurated, and in October 2007 the first batch of 60 students started their Pre-University Study Program at GUtech. In the same year, four Bachelor of Science programs (Applied Geosciences, Applied Information Technology, Sustainable Tourism and Regional Development, and Urban Planning & Architectural Design) were approved by the Ministry of Higher Education. The first intake of students into these four full-time Bachelor programs started one year later, in October 2008.
In June 2009, all Bachelor programs were accredited internationally by ACQUIN (Accreditation, Certification and Quality Assurance Institute), a non-profit agency committed to supporting the enhancement of quality standards for teaching and learning in higher education worldwide.
In the following year, two new Bachelor of Engineering programs were introduced (Mechanical Engineering and Process Engineering) and – due to the increasing number of students – a new university building, the so called Airport Campus, inaugurated. In 2011 and 2012, Gutech added one more Bachelor of Engineering program (Environmental Engineering) and a MSc in Petroleum Geoscience to its portfolio.
In September 2012, Gutech moved to its new, custom built and state-of-the art campus in Halban, which comprises of a total area of 500,000 m2.
Affiliation with RWTH Aachen University.
All private higher education institutions in the Sultanate are required to have an academic affiliation with reputable international universities and colleges. GUtech is affiliated to RWTH Aachen University in Germany.
RWTH Aachen University was founded in 1870 and, with over 40,000 students enrolled in 130 study programs - is the largest technical university in Germany. National rankings regularly identify RWTH Aachen as the best technical university in Germany in the field of Engineering. In addition, the university is recognized internationally for its strong links with industry and its applied research.
All GUtech study programs are designed and supervised by Professors of RWTH Aachen University. The selection process of academic staff above the level of assistant professor is jointly organized by professors of both universities. The Rector of RWTH Aachen University is the chairman of GUtech’s Board of Governors.
During their studies a number of GUtech students get the chance to participate in study-trips to RWTH Aachen University in order to make use of the advanced lab facilities of the university or for summer courses in German language and culture.
Academic Programs.
Besides the GUtech Foundation Program the university offers full-time Bachelor of Science (BSc) and Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) programs as well as a part-time Master of Science.
The Foundation Program, consisting of the Core Studies Program and the Academic Studies Program, has been designed to equip students with the skills required to succeed in the Bachelor programs. Whereas the Core Studies Program mainly provides students with the necessary English language skills, the Academic Studies Program is made up of different modules including economics, mathematics, information technology, sciences and creative design.
Bachelor of Science programs
Bachelor of Engineering programs
Master of Science Programs
The MSc in Petroleum Geoscience focuses on the exploration and production of oil and gas as well as the supply and sale of energy. During the two and a half year program, students will take the majority of their courses in Oman, including field-based training with outdoor activities in Oman's world class outcrops.
The language of tuition at GUtech is English, German is taught as an additional foreign language.
Students.
In the Academic Year 2013/2014 approx. 1100 students were enrolled in the different programs at GUtech, about 25 per cent of them are international students. Each year students receive financial aid and scholarships from different sources either from industry or government like Petroleum Development Oman (PDO), Occidental Petroleum Corporation (Oxy), German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD), the Ministry of Higher Education, Oman International Fertilizer Company (OMIFCO), OMRAN, Oman Educational Services (OES) and from GUtech.
The entry requirements depend on the program and the level of entrance. For example to enter directly into one of the Bachelor programs, students need to submit IELTS results of at least 6.0, or equivalent TOEFL results. The applicant may also need to pass a GUtech entrance examination.
International Accreditation.
GUtech was the first private university in the Sultanate that received international accreditation for all Bachelor of Science programs by the Accreditation, Certification and Quality Assurance Institute (ACQUIN) in June 2009. ACQUIN is a non-profit agency committed to supporting the enhancement of quality standards for teaching and learning in higher education worldwide. It is a full member of the European Association for Quality Assurance in Higher Education and operates in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Middle and Eastern Europe, North Africa, Near and Middle East.
For students the international accreditation of GUtech is a further assurance that students are receiving a world-class higher education in Oman. It also means that graduates have the possibility to continue their studies at RWTH Aachen University in Germany or at any other university of their choice - depending on the individual entry requirements of the respective university.
Organizational structure.
GUtech is owned by private Omani shareholders (OES), who are represented by the Board of Directors (BoD). The managing board of GUtech is the Board of Governors (BoG). Members of the Board of Governors are representatives of the shareholders, of RWTH Aachen University as well as of the governmental sector of both Oman and Germany.
The Rectorate, which is chaired by Professor Dr.-Ing. Michael Modigell - the Rector of GUtech - manages the university. 
In January 2014, a total of 150 academic and administrative employees were employed at GUtech. The majority of the academic staff - around 70 per cent - comes from European universities.
At the moment GUtech comprises four faculties:
GUtech CAMPUS.
In September 2012 GUtech moved to its new campus in Halban, located around 40 kilometers from Muscat International Airport, next to the Muscat Express Highway. The main campus building has classrooms and seminar rooms, a large and open amphitheater auditorium, science, engineering and computer laboratories, a library, sports facilities, administrative offices, architectural studios, a canteen and a coffee shop. The campus also has student and staff accommodation and a guesthouse.
The next three construction phases will comprise educational, commercial and accommodation buildings, a museum, a mosque, and open spaces such as a recreation area with green parks and sporting areas – a city in itself.

</doc>
<doc id="20475982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20475982" title="Mike Jones (1890s pitcher)">
Mike Jones (1890s pitcher)

Michael Jones (July 5, 1865 – March 24, 1894) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He made three starts for the American Association champion Louisville Colonels in , earning the win in two of them. He also had four hits and two walks in his eleven career plate appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="20476024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476024" title="Tropical Depression Two-E (2006)">
Tropical Depression Two-E (2006)

Tropical Depression Two-E was a short-lived tropical cyclone that brought heavy rainfall to southwestern Mexico. It was the only cyclone during the month in the eastern North Pacific Ocean, forming on June 3 from a tropical wave. The depression initially moved northeastward, threatening the Mexican states of Michoacán and Guerrero with a potential of it attaining tropical storm status. It remained a tropical depression, weakening due to land interaction and wind shear, and on June 5 it dissipated just off the coast. Rainfall from the depression peaked at 19.1 inches (486 mm) in Acapulco, which resulted in mudslides and flooding. A total of 42 houses were flooded, and 72 people were forced to leave their homes due to the storm; no deaths were reported.
Meteorological history.
The tropical depression originated from a tropical wave off the southern coast of Mexico in late May 2006. An area of convection was associated with the wave, and forecasters at the National Hurricane Center (NHC) remarked that environmental conditions favored gradual development. The system, which was enhanced by the Intertropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ), drifted northward with an anticyclone to its east and west. On June 1, the convection became more concentrated, and by early the next day it developed a low pressure area; by that time, it began a steady northwestward track.
An upper-level anticyclone north of the system provided a more favorable environment for organization, allowing the convection to organize into banding features. The system also developed good outflow, though initially the surface circulation was too elongated for it to be considered a tropical cyclone. Early on June 3, the nearby anticyclone moved northeastward, which increased wind shear over the system and caused it briefly to become less-organized. However, convection increased over the center, and at 1500 UTC on June 3 the NHC classified the system as Tropical Depression Two-E about 140 mi (240 km) southwest of Zihuatanejo, Guerrero; the upgrade was due to the system developing sufficiently organized convection, as well as a closed surface circulation.
Upon being classified as a tropical cyclone, the depression was in an area not favorable for significant strengthening, due to land interaction and wind shear. It was tracking steadily northeastward, and as it moved closer to the coastline, the center of the depression was difficult to locate. However, the overall organization briefly improved, and in one forecast the depression was predicted to attain tropical storm status. Early on June 4, convection weakened significantly, leaving the center partially exposed. Continued wind shear brought most of the associated thunderstorm activity onshore southwestern Mexico while the center of the depression remained just offshore. Late on June 4, the circulation accelerated away from the deep convection as it passed a short distance south of Acapulco. Early on June 5, the circulation dissipated, and later that night the remnants moved inland.
Preparations and impact.
Due to uncertainty in whether the depression would attain tropical storm status or not, the government of Mexico issued a tropical storm warning from Punta San Telmo, Michoacán to Acapulco, Guerrero. Prior to affecting the coastline, the Mexican meteorological agency issued a heavy rainfall advisory, also mentioning the potential for flooding and mudslides, for the states of Jalisco, Colima, Michoacán, Guerrero, and Oaxaca. Officials prepared 21 shelters in the region.
The depression produced heavy rainfall along the coastline, including a total of 19.1 inches (486 mm) measured in a 48 hour period in Acapulco. Totals of over 2 inches (50 mm) spread across much of Guerrero and Oaxaca, causing flash flooding and mudslides. The storm partially flooded about 40 houses, and a total of 72 people were forced to leave their homes. In Acapulco, floodwaters washed trash from street corners onto the beaches. Elsewhere in Guerrero, the flooding and mudslides blocked several highways, which stranded dozens of vehicles. The wall of a prison collapsed due to the rainfall. Also in Acapulco, the rainfall downed trees and power lines, causing power outages and sparking a fire when a transformer exploded. No deaths were reported.

</doc>
<doc id="20476077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476077" title="1976 Dallas Cowboys season">
1976 Dallas Cowboys season

The 1976 Dallas Cowboys season was their 17th in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 10–4, winning eleven games. They qualified for the playoffs, but lost in the Divisional round.

</doc>
<doc id="20476091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476091" title="Greatest Hits, Vol. 1 (New Edition album)">
Greatest Hits, Vol. 1 (New Edition album)

Greatest Hits, Vol. 1 is the first greatest hits album by R&B group, New Edition.

</doc>
<doc id="20476106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476106" title="Big Buffalo Valley Historic District">
Big Buffalo Valley Historic District

The Big Buffalo Valley Historic District, also known as the Boxley Valley Historic District, is notable as a cultural landscape in Buffalo National River. It comprises the Boxley Valley in northern Arkansas, near the town of Boxley. The valley includes a number of family-operated farms, primarily dating between 1870 and 1930. The farms are situated on either side of the road that parallels the river, Highway 43. Many of these farms are still operated by the descendants of the original homesteaders. However, of fifty residences in the valley, thirty were vacant in 1987, at the time of historic designation.
Structures in the valley have been classified into three historical phases:
The district includes Villines Mill, listed separately on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20476111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476111" title="Seguros Bolívar Open Medellín">
Seguros Bolívar Open Medellín

The Seguros Bolívar Open Medellín is a tennis tournament held in Medellín, Colombia since 2004. The event began as a Futures tournament from 2004–05 and is now part of the "challenger series. It is played on outdoor clay courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20476122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476122" title="Miss World 1969">
Miss World 1969

Miss World 1969, the 19th edition of the Miss World pageant was held for the first time at the Royal Albert Hall on November 22, 1969 on BBC. 50 delegates vied for the crown won by Eva Rueber-Staier of Austria. She was crowned by Miss World 1968, Penelope Plummer of Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20476135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476135" title="Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs">
Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs

The Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs is the head of the Bureau of Consular Affairs within the United States Department of State. The Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs reports to the Under Secretary of State for Management. From 1953 to 1977, the position was called Administrator of the Bureau of Security and Consular Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20476153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476153" title="Where the City Meets the Sea">
Where the City Meets the Sea

"Where The City Meets The Sea" is the lead single from the Australian rock band The Getaway Plan's debut album "Other Voices, Other Rooms". It reached #28 on the ARIA chart.
Charts.
The song debuted and peaked at #28, before falling to #39, then exiting top 50. Two weeks later it made two more appearances in the top 50 before exiting again

</doc>
<doc id="20476227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476227" title="Hilde Mangold">
Hilde Mangold

Hilde Mangold (20 October 1898 – 4 September 1924) (née Proescholdt) was a German embryologist who was best known for her 1923 dissertation which was the foundation for her mentor, Hans Spemann's, 1935 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for the discovery of the embryonic organizer, "one of the very few doctoral theses in biology that have directly resulted in the awarding of a Nobel Prize". The general effect she demonstrated is known as embryonic induction, that is, the capacity of some cells to direct the developmental trajectory of other cells. Induction remains a fundamental concept and area of ongoing research in the field.
Biography.
Hilde Pröscholdt was born in Gotha, Thuringia, a province in central-eastern Germany on October 20, 1898. She was the middle daughter of soap factory owner Ernest Proschold and his wife Gertrude. She attended the University of Jena in Germany for two semesters in 1918 and 1919 and then transferred to the University of Frankfurt in Germany where she also spent two semesters. It was here that she saw a lecture by the renowned embryologist Hans Spemann on experimental embryology. 
This lecture inspired her to pursue her education in this field. After Frankfurt, she attended the Zoological Institute in Freiburg. It was here that she met and married her husband, Otto Mangold, who was Spemann’s chief assistant (and, incidentally, a supporter of the Nazi Party). Under Spemann's direction, she completed her 1923 dissertation, entitled “Über Induktion von Embryonalanlagen durch Implantation artfremder Organisatoren”, or “Induction of Embryonic Primordia by Implantation of Organizers from a Different Species.”
After earning her PhD in zoology, Hilde moved with her husband and infant son, Christian, to Berlin. Shortly after the move, Hilde died from severe burns as a result of a gas heater explosion in her Berlin home. She never lived to see the publication of her thesis results. Her son died in World War II. 
Key Experiments.
Mangold performed very delicate transplantation experiments with embryos (a feat even more impressive before the discovery of antibiotics to prevent infection after surgery). She demonstrated that tissue from the dorsal lip of the blastopore grafted into a host embryo can induce the formation of an extra body axis, creating conjoined twins. Crucially, by using two species of newt with different skin colors for host and donor, she showed that the amphibian organizer did not form the extra axis by itself, but recruited host tissue to form the twin (although the full implications of this result were not understood until a year after her death). This was the basis of the discovery of the "organizer", which is responsible for gastrulation.

</doc>
<doc id="20476257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476257" title="Villines Mill">
Villines Mill

Villines Mill, also known as Boxley Mill or Whiteley Mill, was originally built "circa" 1840 by Abner Casey in the Buffalo River valley, in what is now Buffalo National River. After becoming known as Whiteley Mill, the mill was at the center of a Civil War skirmish known as the "Battle of Whiteley's Mill. The mill was rebuilt in 1870 and replaced with a larger mill, becoming known as Villines Mill after the new owner. After three generations of Villines, the mill closed in the 1960s. The mill is included in the Big Buffalo Valley Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="20476337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476337" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Augusta County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Augusta County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Augusta County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20476353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476353" title="2005 Florida State Seminoles football team">
2005 Florida State Seminoles football team

The 2005 Florida State Seminoles football team won the 2005 ACC Championship Game over the Virginia Tech Hokies by a score of 27–22. With the victory, they were a selection to go to the 2006 Orange Bowl as the ACC representative in the BCS.
Recruits.
The Seminoles recruiting class was ranked No. 2 in the nation behind only Southern California by "Rivals.com", but never panned out. On a reevaluation in 2012, "Rivals.com" listed it among the most disappointing recruiting classes of the decade.
Post season.
Florida State finished the season ranked number 23 in both the final AP and Coaches college football polls. Florida State's trip to the Orange bowl marked the 24th consecutive post season bowl game under Bobby Bowden.
NFL draft.
Six seniors and two juniors would go on and be drafted in the 2006 NFL Draft. 

</doc>
<doc id="20476358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476358" title="Blue Lake (Michigan)">
Blue Lake (Michigan)

Blue Lake is a lake with a marshy shoreline that is located in southern Alger County, Michigan in the middle of the Hiawatha National Forest. It is located about a mile north of the intersection of Federal Forest Highway 13 and Delta County Road 440 and just north of the county line with Delta County and just west of the county line with Schoolcraft County. The only lodging on the lake and for several miles are the cabins of the Hiawatha Resort situated near the Midway General Store. 
Some of the wildlife living near the lake include beaver, otter, mink, sandhill cranes, muskrat, geese, herons, and ducks. The national forest offers many game animals including black bear, white-tailed deer, woodcock, and grouse. Other nearby lakes include Hugaboom Lake, Mowe Lake, Corner-Straits Chain of lakes, Ironjaw Lake, and Round Lake. 

</doc>
<doc id="20476362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476362" title="Fawzia Fahim">
Fawzia Fahim

Fawzia Abbas Fahim (December 9, 1931, Al-Fayoum, Egypt) is an Egyptian biochemist and environmental biologist known for her work on the anti-tumoral effects of snake venom and iodoacetate. She is currently Professor of Biochemistry at Ain Shams University, Egypt.
Dr. Fahim has also made important contributions to infant and occupational health, and pollution issues in Egypt.
Fahim worked as a Demonstrator in the Faculty of Engineering, Department of Chemistry at Cairo University, from 1957–1962. She received a governmental grant from the United Kingdom, October 1962 – June, 1965, where she attended Birmingham University. In 1966 she served as a lecturer in the Department of Biochemistry at Ain Shams University. In 1975 Fahim became an Associate Professor and in 1980 she became a full Professor, the position she still holds.
Dr. Fahim was Head of the Department of Biology and Natural Sciences, Institute of Environmental Studies and Research, at Ain Shams University from 1983 to 1989.
Dr. Fahim received her B.Sc. from Cairo University, Egypt, in 1954 and her Masters of Science in Chemistry from Cairo University in 1962. In 1965 she got her Ph.D. from Birmingham University, England. She is the author, or co-author, of over 80 scientific papers.
Personal life.
In 1959 Dr. Fahim married Salah El-Din Mohamed El-Mahdi, a professor of Design and Theory of Machines at the Faculty of Engineering, Ain-Shams University. He died in 1998. They had 3 children: Salwa (a pediatrician), Mohamed (a doctor of internal medicine) and Khalid, a Civil Engineer. 

</doc>
<doc id="20476412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476412" title="Trude Feldman">
Trude Feldman

Trude Feldman (August 13, 1924 - living) is a longtime American reporter, columnist, and former member of the White House Press Corps and State Department Press Corps. She regularly wrote for "McCall's" magazine and has written for "The New York Times" Syndicate, "The Washington Post", as well as numerous other media, especially publications for the Jewish community. Feldman has interviewed every U.S. president since Lyndon B. Johnson; and every U.S. vice president from Hubert Humphrey to Al Gore, with the exception of Dick Cheney. She has been a contributing editor for World Tribune.com.
Early life and career.
Feldman was born to a Jewish rabbi on August 13, 1924 and grew up in Hollywood, California. Feldman began her career in journalism with the coverage of the trial of Adolph Eichmann 1961–62. She still lives in Washington, DC.
Presidential correspondent.
Feldman has interviewed every American president from Lyndon B. Johnson to George W. Bush (including Harry Truman, in his post presidential years (1968, 1971, 1972).
President Jimmy Carter, in a 1977 interview with Feldman, hinted that efforts to promote an Arab-Israeli settlement might have to be suspended. Carter elaborated on this new approach in another interview with her that startled the Arabs. It was a generous face-saving offer to Begin by Carter, giving Israel the opportunity to accept the notions of withdrawal from the West Bank and of participation by the Palestinians in a gradual, limited process of self-determination.
As his 75th birthday approached, Ronald Reagan scheduled an interview with Feldman on the afternoon of Jan. 28, 1986. At 11:38 that morning, however, the space shuttle Challenger disintegrated after liftoff, killing its crew of seven. While the president postponed his State of the Union speech, which had been scheduled for that evening, he didn't postpone the interview.
Feldman has covered George H. W. Bush since he became a congressman from Texas in 1967. She interviewed him as Ambassador to the United Nations, as Vice President, and as President. Her 3-part series — "George Bush at 75" — was published in "The Wall Street Journal", Feb. 5, 1996, was internationally syndicated, and was inserted in the "Congressional Record" by Senators Richard Lugar and Joseph I. Lieberman.
She interviewed President George H. W. Bush January 19, 1993, and again after a 10-day mission to the Middle East.
President Bill Clinton granted his first post-apology interview to Feldman, who did not ask him about the scandal, but about the Yom Kippur tradition of the Day of Atonement.
On August 1, 1996, the "Wall Street Journal" Opinion Page published a Feldman interview with President Clinton in which he said:
But the truth is, no one knows what the optimum rate of growth without inflation is. The only thing I've tried to do in dealing with the Federal Reserve was to show that I would be responsible in getting the deficit down, but I didn't want to get in the way of economic growth.
From: Jude Wanniski
Re: WSJournal interview Link</ref>
In her October 2004, interview with President George W. Bush, he said:
The true history of my administration will be written 50 years from now, and you and I will not be around to see it.
State Department correspondent.
Feldman has interviewed every Secretary of State, from Dean Rusk to Colin L. Powell. (Her interview with Condoleezza Rice was conducted in the White House when she was National Security Advisor, soon to become the 66th Secretary of State.)
Middle East writings.
Feldman has written from, and about, the Middle East since she covered the 122 sessions of the trial of Adolf Eichmann in Jerusalem. There, and in Haifa, and in Cyprus, she was an 'extra' in the film "Exodus". Later, she accompanied former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt on her five-day Middle East trip – her last before her death in 1962.
On Mideast issues, Feldman has interviewed every Israeli prime minister, including the first, David Ben-Gurion, to Ariel Sharon, with the expectation of Ehud Olmert.
Four months after Anwar Sadat's historical 1977 peace mission to Jerusalem, he and his wife Jehan visited Washington, DC, where both were interviewed by Feldman at Blair House.
Controversy.
Feldmen's writings have been generally positive, upbeat, and friendly to her interview subjects. However, they have occasionally ventured into controversial territory. In a December 1985 article for the "Dallas Morning News", "McFarlane casualty of power", she reported on the resignation of National Security Adviser Robert C. "Bud" McFarlane, attributing the departure to
...subordinates whose efforts to protect their bosses with excessive zeal often hinder constructive advice and input.
Too often, staff members, rather than working for a high official, act as if they "own" him. Such possessiveness results in abuse of authority, creates obstacles and leads to misconceptions. ...
McFarlane did not volunteer the real reasons — persistent malevolence and belligerancy within the administration which resulted in the undermining of policies.
Her interview articles on the Middle East were not just friendly to Israeli leaders, but to Arab leaders as well, and she gently argued for open dialogue and an even-handed approach to a just and lasting peace in the region.
In March 2001, Feldman was in the White House and composed a note for Press Secretary Ari Fleischer. She walked into his office in his absence to lay the note in his inbox. However, a staffer told her he would not be returning the next day, so she took her note back intending to hand it to him the next time she saw him. This was used as an excuse to suspend her press pass for 90 days and begin a whispering campaign that she was a "security risk" and telling Washington figures "not to talk to her". That informal denial of access continues.

</doc>
<doc id="20476485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476485" title="Jos riots">
Jos riots

Jos riots can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20476525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476525" title="Rob Johnson (news anchor)">
Rob Johnson (news anchor)

Robert S. Johnson (born April 1, 1968) is the principal news anchor at WBBM-TV in Chicago.
Early life and education.
Johnson earned a bachelor's degree from DePauw University in Greencastle, Indiana in 1990. He is a graduate brother of DePauw's Lambda Chapter of Phi Gamma Delta fraternity.
Professional career.
He joined WBBM-TV in Chicago in August 2006 from WLS-TV where he had worked since 1998 as weekend anchor and reporter. He co-anchors the 5, 6, and 10pm news.
Johnson has covered numerous major news events in recent years - from Chicago to New Orleans, to Honduras. He anchored and reported from New Hampshire, Texas and Pennsylvania during the 2008 Presidential primaries. In 2007, Johnson traveled to Germany to cover Illinois Lt. Governor Pat Quinn's visit to Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Germany to meet with wounded soldiers during the holiday season. Earlier that year, Johnson reported extensively on the Chicago Bears' Super Bowl run in Miami, including live reports from South Florida during Super Bowl week. 
In 2005, Johnson reported from New Orleans in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. The year prior Johnson covered John Kerry's defeat in the 2004 Presidential election from Boston. During his career, Johnson has been at the scene of other breaking stories from Hurricane Andrew to the Centennial Park Bombing during the Atlanta Olympics, to the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster in Houston. Johnson has also covered Papal visits to Denver and St. Louis, and has reported from the countries of Haiti, Mexico, Honduras, and Germany. 
Before moving to Chicago, Johnson worked at KPRC-TV in Houston, Texas as an anchor and reporter. Prior to that, Johnson worked as an anchor and reporter at stations KATV in Little Rock, Arkansas, KLFY-TV in Lafayette, Louisiana, and KALB-TV in Alexandria, Louisiana. Johnson also interned at CNN in Washington, D.C., KARK-TV, and KATV in Little Rock, Arkansas. He was bitten by the broadcasting bug at DePauw University's campus radio station WGRE-FM. 
In October of 1998, Johnson joined WLS-TV in Chicago as a weekend news anchor and general assignment reporter.
In June 2006, Johnson chose not to renew his contract with WLS-TV. In August 2006, however, he wound up joining WBBM-TV as a 5 p.m. news anchor and as a general assignment reporter on the station's 10 p.m. newscast. In June 2007, WBBM-TV promoted Johnson to be its 10 p.m. news anchor. He was made solo anchor of the 6&10pm newscasts in April 2009, after which the 10pm newscast saw its biggest ratings growth in more than 20 years. In September of 2010, Kate Sullivan joined Johnson as co-anchor on WBBM's 5&10pm newscasts, and those newscasts continue to see sustained growth to this day. Johnson and Sullivan added 6pm anchor duties in March of 2013.
Awards.
Johnson has won multiple Emmy Awards, including one in 2008 for anchoring WBBM's breaking news coverage of the NIU shootings. He has also garnered awards from the Chicago Headline Club, Associated Press, Houston Press Club, the Society for Professional Journalists, Illinois National Guard, Belle Center of Chicago, Phi Gamma Delta Fraternity, the Ukrainian National Museum, and Neumann Family Services. On September 22, 2011, Governor Pat Quinn proclaimed it "Rob Johnson Day" in Illinois for his tireless disability awareness advocacy.
Personal.
Johnson serves on the Board of Directors for the Brain Research Foundation, and is on the Advisory Board for the Chicago Concussion Coalition. He also dedicates much of his personal time to organizations that support people with disabilities. In his spare time he enjoys golfing, skiing, and ice hockey.
Johnson, his wife, and son live in Chicago's Western Suburbs.

</doc>
<doc id="20476526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476526" title="Kenichi Ogata (shoot boxer)">
Kenichi Ogata (shoot boxer)

His real name is still Kenichi Ogata, but it is written as "尾形健一".
Biography.
Young age.
Kenichi Ogata was born in town of Yuya, Yamaguchi, Japan on January 26, 1975. "Yuya", his hometown, was merged with other towns into Nagato City in 2005. He graduated from Nagato High School.
Debut.
He debuted in November 1994 as a professional shoot boxer.
On May 9, 1997, he participated Super Fight in the event of Shoot Boxing World Tournament 1997, and fought against Dany Bill from France. He was knocked down with right cross and knocked down with right upper cut again during 5R. His second threw the towel into the ring just after 2nd knock down. After this bout, he was hospitalized　because of nose broken.
On October 12, he participated "'97 The Festival of Martial Arts Special" as the representative of shoot boxing and fought against Sitisak Tor Anuson who was the champion of Lumpinee Stadium at Junior welterweight. This event was promoted by World Karate Association, but it is not WKA established in USA. Ogata was knocked out by cut with right elbow during 5R. After this bout, he was hospitalized　because of Orbital blowout fracture.
On April 26, 1998, he fought against Gilbert Ballantine from Netherlands in the event of "RKS Presents Shoot the Shooto XX". This was the comeback bout after he had been beaten by Sitisak and Bill. He won by the unanimous decision after 5R. He was going to be retired if he lost.
On October 20, 2001, he had the first Mixed martial arts(MMA) bout against Curtis Brigham at lightweight in the event of Rings because the Shoot Boxing Association had cooperation with Rings. He was beaten in 43 seconds by choke.
On July 7, 2002, he participated Shoot Boxing World Tournament 2002 to fight against Ngkau Spain under KOK rule of Rings in MMA bout, but the bout was resulted as draw after 3R.
Winning national title.
He fought against Seiichiro Nishibayashi for the vacant first Japanese national title at "Junior falconweight" on June 4, 1998, and he cut Nishibayashi's bottom eyelid when he kicked head, and knocked down with punches during 3R. Nishibayashi stood up, but referee stopped the bout because of too much bleeding, and Ogata won by TKO at 2:15 during 3R and became the first champion. "Junior falconweight" was renamed to "Super seagullweight", and renamed to welterweight again on November 20, 2001, but Ogata's title was changed to Super welterweight, not welterweight.
On November 14, 1998, he challenged Ramon Dekkers' WPKL World Junior middleweight championship (-69.85 kg) in Chiyoda, Tokyo, but he was knocked out with left hook at 2:58 during 4R. Ogata was knocked down with left hook in the end of 1R, and with right cross during 3R.
On November 1, 2000, he participated K-1 J-MAX 2000 as the representative of shoot boxing, and fought against Sakon Kubosaka. He knocked out Kubosaka by left body shot with left knee during 5R.
On February 24, 2004, Ogata participated K-1 World MAX 2004 Japan Tournament and fought against Kozo Takeda in the quarter-final. He knocked down Takeda with left hook during 1R, but Ogata's second threw their towel into the ring just after 2R starts because he had hurt his leg during 1R when he stepped into Takeda to knock down. He explained that his left knee was injured badly in a bout on February 1, and he managed to train only for 4–5 days because of hematoma and Strain of his calf of his leg, moreover, he could not bend his knee more than 90 degrees. His condition had been bad,　but he decided to participate because of promise. The result of this bout is announced as Takeda's victory by the unanimous decision after 3R in the official website, but it is wrong.
Winning S-cup 2006.
On November 3, 2006, Ogata participated Shoot Boxing World Tournament 2006. In the quarter-final, he knocked down Damacio Page with left body shot in 1R, but he was knocked down with right hook after that. Ogata knocked out Page with 2 knock downs by left body shots during 2R. In the semi-final, Ogata defeated Hiroki Shishido by the unanimous decision. In the final, Ogata knocked down Andy Souwer with right hook during 1R and won by the unanimous decision. Ogata won the tournament of S-cup as the second Japanese.
On November 30, 2007, he announced that he returns his title of Super welterweight in the beginning of the event because he was suggested to return his title by Caesar Takeshi when he consulted about his bad performance in bouts caused by his poor health. Caesar Takeshi answered "If you feel so, you should return your belt and try as much as possible from nothing to the end, and quit when you are convinced." during consulting.
Retirement.
On November 2, 2010, he announced his retirement during the press conference of S-cup 2010, and he said he had a plan to hold his retirement ceremony in S-cup 2010. According to his explanation, he tried to continue his career, but he was stopped by doctor as his cervical vertebrae had not been recovered since the bout against Andy Souwer on November 24, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20476560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476560" title="Skim (comics)">
Skim (comics)

Skim is a Canadian graphic novel written by Mariko Tamaki and drawn by Jillian Tamaki. Set in 1993, in a Toronto Catholic girls high school, it is about an outsider girl called Skim.
Plot.
Skim is a "not slim" sixteen year old Japanese-Canadian who is a student at an all-girls catholic school. She is known as a goth, and practices Wicca. When popular girl Katie Matthews gets dumped by her athlete boyfriend, who days later kills himself, the entire school goes into mourning overdrive. With the school counselors breathing down her neck and the popular clique (including Katie's best friend Julie Peters) forming a new club in its wake, Skim finds herself in the crosshairs, deepening her "depression". And if things cannot get more complicated, Skim starts to fall for an equally quirky teacher.
Development.
"Skim" was originally thought of as a "gothic Lolita story", and what eventually became part I of the story was run as a 30 page preview in an indie magazine. Mariko Tamaki wrote the story much like a play's script, and Jillian Tamaki illustrated the novel as she saw fit.
Reception.
Reception was positive. In their review, Publisher's Weekly called "Skim" an "auspicious graphic novel debut" with a "fine ear for dialogue" that is "rich in visuals and observations". Paul Gravett called it "the most sophisticated and sensitive North American graphic novel debut of the year." Killett says that it manages to avoid the usual cliches of a coming of age story. The "Toronto Star" compared the story to "Dead Poets Society" and "Heathers".
The CCBC recommended "Skim" for ages 14 and up, saying that Skim's struggles have universal qualities. The "Metro News" praised that the narrative voice sounds authentic.
"Skim" was list as one of the Young Adult Library Services Association's 2009 Great Graphic Novels for Teens award. Skim also won the 2008 Ignatz Award for Outstanding Graphic Novel.
"Skim" was nominated in four categories in the 2009 Eisner Awards and won Best Book at the 2009 Doug Wright Awards.
"Skim" was a finalist for the 2008 Governor General's Awards in the children's literature category. The Canada Council for the Arts, the award program's administrator, faced some criticism around the fact that the nomination was credited to Mariko Tamaki, who wrote the graphic novel's text, but not to her cousin and co-creator Jillian Tamaki, who drew the illustrations. Jillian later said she was "extremely disappointed" that she had not been included in the nomination. Two prominent Canadian graphic novelists, Seth and Chester Brown, circulated an open letter to the Canada Council asking them to revise the nomination, arguing that unlike a more traditional illustrated book, a graphic novel's text and illustration are inseparable parts of the work's narrative, and that both women should accordingly be credited as equal co-authors. Their letter was also endorsed by other prominent Canadian and American graphic novelists, including Lynda Barry, Dan Clowes, Art Spiegelman, Chris Ware and Julie Doucet, as well as by Chris Oliveros of Canadian comic and graphic novel publisher Drawn & Quarterly, and Peter Birkemore of Toronto comic store The Beguiling. Melanie Rutledge, a spokesperson for the Canada Council, responded that it was too late to revise the nominations for the 2008 awards, but that the council would take the feedback into account in the future.
Later, both Jillian and Mariko Tamaki applied for and received grants from the Canada Council for the Arts to launch "Skim" in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20476577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476577" title="Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research">
Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research

The Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research is the head of the Bureau of Intelligence and Research (INR) within the United States Department of State. Before 1986, the head of INR was the Director of the Bureau of Intelligence and Research. The Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research reports to the United States Deputy Secretary of State.
Assistant Secretaries of State for Intelligence and Research, 1986—Present.
The office of "Director of the Bureau of Intelligence and Research" was renamed "Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research" on August 18, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20476620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476620" title="Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security">
Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security

The Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security is the head of the Bureau of Diplomatic Security in the United States Department of State. The Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security reports to the Under Secretary of State for Management.

</doc>
<doc id="20476732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476732" title="Hindu Rao">
Hindu Rao

Raja Hindu Rao was the brother of the female regent of the Indian princely state of Gwalior. Following the Revolt of 1857, he shifted to Delhi where he was on friendly terms with the British Resident. According to Emily Eden sister of the then Governor General of India, Lord Auckland 

</doc>
<doc id="20476783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476783" title="Patoc">
Patoc

Patoc is a little studied strongly fumarolic stratovolcano in the Philippines. Patoc is located in Mountain Province, part of the Cordillera Central range, on the island of Luzon, in the Philippines. It is located 6 cadastral kilometres north of Bontoc, at latitude 17.147°N (17°8'48"N), longitude 120.98°E (120°58'48"E).
Physical features.
Elevation is reported as 1865 metres above sea level (6,119 feet), and is described by the Smithsonian Institution as displaying strong fumarolic activity. 
A stream and village on the west side are named Mainit (a Tagalog word for "hot"). There are hot springs at the village of Mainit, one of which has been successfully commercialised for tourists.
Eruptions.
There are no reports of eruptions.
Geology.
Rock type is predominantly andesite.
Listings.
The Smithsonian Institution's Global Volcanism Program lists Patoc as strongly fumarolic. The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) has not listed Patoc or any volcanic related activity at this location.

</doc>
<doc id="20476811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476811" title="Ýusup Orazmämmedow">
Ýusup Orazmämmedow

Ýusup Orazmämmedov is a professional Turkmen football player. He currently plays for FC Merw from Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="20476815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476815" title="Nicholas Bwakira">
Nicholas Bwakira

Nicolas Bwakira (born in 1941 in Burundi) is Burundian Diplomat, international civil servant and academician. Bwakira was the African Union Special Envoy to Somalia from November 2007 to November 2009. 
On September 20, 2009 in a speech at the burial of AMISOM troops killed in a suicide attack in Somalia, Bwakira called on the AU and the UN to re-examine AMISOM's mandate so that can have the power to act when and as necessary.
Mr. Bwakira was the chief mediator of the Djibouti negotiations between the Interim Transitional Federal Government of Somalia and the opposition. 
Mr. Bwakira worked at the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in various senior positions including the Director of the Africa Region.

</doc>
<doc id="20476830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476830" title="Mowe Lake">
Mowe Lake

Mowe Lake is a lake that is located in northern Delta County, Michigan in the Hiawatha National Forest. It is just south of the county line with Alger and Schoolcraft countries and about a half mile north of trail 2225 on trail 2692 (commonly referred to as Mowe Lake Road) passed the small ponds. There are primitive campsites and a small boat launch. Other nearby lakes include Hugaboom Lake, Blue Lake, Corner-Straits Chain of lakes, Ironjaw Lake, and Round Lake. 

</doc>
<doc id="20476846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476846" title="Bwakira">
Bwakira

Bwakira may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20476859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476859" title="Rustam Saparow">
Rustam Saparow

Rustam Saparov (born April 10, 1978) is a professional Turkmen football player playing for Nebitchi Balkanabat.

</doc>
<doc id="20476877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476877" title="Otoe Reservation">
Otoe Reservation

The Otoe Reservation was a twenty-four square-mile section straddling the Kansas-Nebraska state line. The majority of the reservation sat in modern-day southeast Jefferson County, Nebraska. 
As early as 1834, the Oto relinquished land to the government in fulfillment of a treaty. It extended two miles (3 km) south of the state line its full length, into Washington and Marshall counties, Kansas. In Nebraska it extended into Jefferson County, which was earlier called Jones County, and Gage County. Altogether it comprised 250 sections totaling . The Glenwood, Paddock, Liberty Township and Barneston Townships are wholly within the historic boundaries of the reservation. It also included sections of the Elm, Sicily, Wymore, and Island Grove Townships.
Although the Oto were originally located throughout southeastern Nebraska, their main town was once located along the Platte River near present-day Plattsmouth in the eastern part of the state. The Moses Merrill Mission was located in this area. When the Nebraska Territory was formed in 1854, the Oto resigned their remaining land claim with the exception of a section near the Big Blue River. This became the Otoe Reservation. 
In 1879, a new treaty with the federal government gave it the legal control to remove the Oto to Oklahoma. In the fall of 1882, the Otos were moved to Red Rock, Oklahoma, and the rest of their Nebraska lands were put up for sale. 
On May 31, 1883, of the Oto and Missouri Indian Reservation in Kansas and Nebraska were opened for settlement at a public sale. When the Oto were removed, the southeast corner of Jefferson County was opened to settlement and the community of Diller was formed. 
In 1886 the tribe shared an agent with several other local tribes, including the Ponca and Pawnee. The agency was located on the Oto Reservation. The present-day town of Barneston was settled at the site of one of the largest Oto villages through the 19th century. The Indian agency and a trading post were located there. Barneston was founded by a French fur trapper who married to an Oto woman.

</doc>
<doc id="20476906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476906" title="Leighton Hall, Lancashire">
Leighton Hall, Lancashire

Leighton Hall is an historic house to the west of Yealand Conyers, Lancashire, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
History.
It was the seat of the 1642–1673 Middleton Baronetcy of Sir George Middleton, who was High Sheriff of Lancashire for 1661. He was succeeded by his grandson, George Middleton Oldfield, who died at the hall in 1708. It then passed to his son-in-law Albert Hodgson, who had married his daughter Dorothy, but who became involved in the Jacobite rising of 1715, during which he was taken prisoner, the house burnt and Hodgson's possessions confiscated. When the hall was sold at public auction in 1722 it was bought by a friend, a Mr Winkley from Preston, who allowed Hodgson to live in the partly ruined house after his eventual release from prison. The estate then came into the possession of wealthy George Towneley of Towneley Hall in Burnley, through his marriage to Hodgson's daughter Mary in the 1750s.
The present house was built for Towneley in 1759–61 in Georgian style to a design by John Hird, and the woods replanted and park laid out in 1763. The couple had no children, and the estate was inherited by George's nephew John, who sold it 1805. In 1822 the property came into the possession of Richard Gillow, the grandson of furniture manufacturer Robert Gillow, who Gothicized the façade in 1822–25 using local white limestone. In 1870 his son, Richard Thomas Gillow, commissioned the Lancaster architects Paley and Austin to add a three-storey wing containing a billiard room below, and guest rooms above. Richard died in 1906, leaving the hall in a neglected condition and was succeeded by his grandson, Charles Richard Gillow, who died in 1923. Charles' widow continued to live at the hall until her own death in 1966 at the age of 96. The property then passed via her daughter Helen to her grandson, Richard Gillow Reynolds who, with his wife Susan, is the current owner.
The hall was featured in the 1984 ITV TV adaptation of The Adventure of the Dancing Men, as "Ridling Thorp Manor".
Notes.
This work has been attributed to Robert Roper.

</doc>
<doc id="20476907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476907" title="Inspector General of the Department of State">
Inspector General of the Department of State

The Inspector General of the Department of State heads the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of State and is responsible for detecting and investigating waste, fraud, abuse, and mismanagement in the United States Department of State.

</doc>
<doc id="20476929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476929" title="Martti Olavi Siirala">
Martti Olavi Siirala

Martti Olavi Siirala (1922–2008) was a Finnish psychiatrist, psychoanalyst and philosopher. He was inspired by psychoanalysis, the anthropological medicine of Viktor von Weizsäcker and the existential philosophy of Martin Heidegger. The outcome was a unique synthesis theory that Siirala called social pathology.
Siirala studied psychoanalysis in Zürich under the guidance of Medard Boss and Gustav Bally. There he met also colleague and lifetime friend Gaetano Benedetti. Siirala was also the founding member of Finnish Therapeia-foundation, an alternative psychoanalytic training institute established 1958. Especially in the early years Siirala was actually the principal of the foundation, both at a theoretical and practical level.
Anthropological basis.
In the tradition of philosophical anthropology man is seen as a unity. No sharp distinction is to be seen between body and soul. Also man is seen as member of his society, believing that one needs contacts to others for his own welfare. Siirala accepted these theses, mostly under the influence of von Weiszäcker.
Siirala saw human illness as meaningful reactions to the patient's life situations, both present and past. Also Siirala considered bodily and mental illnesses as alternative reactions. Mentally ill people he described as placeless, meaning that they have no real place among other men, their acceptance or respect. The origins of these kind of problems Siirala saw as mostly social.
Handling children with problems in speech development in "Medicine in Metamorphosis", Siirala's attitude comes clear. Here we can think about the symptom of stuttering. From traditional point of view there is child who tries to speak, but some, probably neurological problem disturbs this process. From Siirala's point it is just that this child stutters, speak this way, and he does this as a total reaction of his whole life situation: 'A child is born into a family and a national and human network that extends across the generations'.
Social pathology.
In modern psychiatry there is a tradition of returning patient's illness back to one specific reason. Sometimes this cause is to be found in genetics, sometimes elsewhere. From Siirala's point of view there is not a single cause but rather a net of causes: hence his opposition to what he called 'the delusion that we have reduced diseases to mere object-things, entities that can be studied in isolation...the delusion of reductive reification'. Tracking these causes starts from man, but leads to his social environment, in the end to the whole society.
Freud thought psychological symptoms to be overdeterminded. It can be said that Siirala took the idea but expanded it to social field. For some patient we may think maybe of genetic fault or traumatic childhood. But we must think also patients parents childhood, the phenomena of transgenerational transmission, the teachers and social workers who have ignored the problem and so on.
Siirala distinguishes two major factors in this collective pathology. The first is the delusional possession of reality. By that Siirala means an attitude where one's own assumptions are considered the only one, a position where things are already known - so there seems to be no real need to orientate towards the subject. Thus for Siirala 'a central feature of the delusions of the healthy seems to be the unconscious assumption that they possess reality, the criteria of what is worth notice'.
The second is often latent despair, a hopelessness attitude. These factors can be seen for example in the history of psychiatry. Some decades ago it was already known that schizophrenia is an incurable state or condition. Therefore no real therapeutic actions were done, and patients stayed ill: a Self-fulfilling prophecy.
Siirala wrote here about transfer, a social pathological formation of non-articulated life. When there is no room to people to react to problems they encounter, it has effects that harm the whole society. However, these transfers or burdens are not delivered equally. On the contrary, they often fall on the shoulders of this or that particular person, who then becomes ill. Here, Siirala maintains, the mentally or physically ill one - the Identified patient - gets ill for his society. In Siirala's view, then, 'many symptoms of schizophrenia may be precipitated by...the people around him, in an attempt to overcome tendencies in him which disturb their view of reality. This, as with many of Siirala's writings, is disturbing and provocative... can never be healthily ignored'. The corollary is that the real subject of illness is not therefore the particular individual who is driven into isolation - "placelessness" - but the society that has driven him there.
Siirala has accordingly been linked with figures like Harold Searles or Harry Stack Sullivan in his belief that the delusions of patients are 'expressions that reflect what has been dissociated, hidden, and overlooked in life'. A similar link appears in 'the psychological literature on "Invisible Loyalties" (Boszormenyi-Nagi & Spark 1973) and anonymous social burdens (Siirala, M. 1983)'.
Psychotherapy.
Siirala calls therapy the new, sharing transfer of social burden. The so-called transference of psychoanalysis is seen not only as projecting feelings to the therapist, but also as the sharing of this burden. Thus 'in order to be creative, the therapist must identify himself with the patient, share his sufferings so that he attains his goal'. This may also cause some pain to the therapist, but can at the same time make things happen that are at first sight impossible. Epistemologically Siirala stresses that therapist must keep all possibilities open, and not hang on to some preconceived theory like the oedipal theory of psychoanalysis.
In many points Siirala comes close to Ronald David Laing, a famous anti-psychiatrist from the 1960s. Indeed the work, 'Medicine in Metamorphosis' was published originally in a series edited by Laing. Both were interested in social origins of schizophrenia. On the other hand, Siirala never stops considering his patients as ill. Also he sees that they need the right kind of psychiatric treatment to gain again some kind of place among other men.

</doc>
<doc id="20476981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476981" title="Arif Mirzoýew">
Arif Mirzoýew

Arif Mirzoýew (born January 13, 1980) is a professional Turkmen football player, currently playing for FC Altyn Asyr.

</doc>
<doc id="20476982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20476982" title="Intermedia (disambiguation)">
Intermedia (disambiguation)

Intermedia, "across multiple channels" in Latin, may refer to:
and also:

</doc>
<doc id="20477004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477004" title="Ironjaw Lake">
Ironjaw Lake

Ironjaw Lake is a lake that is located in south-western Schoolcraft County, Michigan in the Hiawatha National Forest. It is just east of the county line with Alger and just north of the county line with Delta County. Other nearby lakes include Hugaboom Lake, Mowe Lake, Blue Lake, Corner-Straits Chain of lakes, Nineteen Lake, Verdant Lake, and Round Lake. 

</doc>
<doc id="20477020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477020" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Staunton, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Staunton, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Staunton, Virginia, an independent city within the confines of Augusta County. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20477026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477026" title="Cathy's Clown (You Am I song)">
Cathy's Clown (You Am I song)

"Cathy's Clown" is the first single from the album Hi Fi Way by Australian rock band You Am I. It was released in 1995 and was the band's first single to make the Australian Top 40 singles chart, reaching number 36. It also reached number 84 in the 1995 Triple J Hottest 100.
Track listing.
"Hi-Way Fi" and "Gira E Respira" are You Am I originals (Tim Rogers), and the former can be found on the Hi Fi Way live bonus disc "Someone Else's Crowd", under the title "Hi Fi Way". "In The Street" is a cover of the Big Star song (Bell/Chilton).

</doc>
<doc id="20477038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477038" title="William Evans (Australian sportsman)">
William Evans (Australian sportsman)

William Thomas 'Poley' Evans (9 April 1876 – 19 July 1964) was an Australian sportsman. He captained Queensland at first-class cricket and represented Australia in rugby union. He was born in Indooroopilly, Queensland and died at Buranda, Queensland.
Rugby union career.
Evans, who played on the wing, won two caps for Australia at rugby in 1899 as a winger in the national side. His debut game was against Matthew Mullineux's first British Lions to tour Australia at the Sydney Cricket Ground on 24 June 1899, the inaugural rugby Test match played by an Australian national representative side. He scored a try in that match and is listed on rugby records by the name 'Poley' Evans. Four weeks later he played in the second Test in Brisbane. His performance in that match was noted as "excellent" by the press. He made a state appearance for Queensland that year against those same tourists. Poley's younger brother Lew Evans also represented for Australia from 1903 to 1904.
Cricket career.
Evans, who often batted with the tail, made just one first-class century. It came against New South Wales at the Brisbane Cricket Ground in 1908, when he came in at number nine in the batting order and scored 103 not out.
Queensland didn't play in the Sheffield Shield during Evans's career so most of his appearances were in Brisbane, when they took on touring states. He regularly captained Queensland and even had the honour of captaining an Australian XI for a first-class match against South Africa in 1910.
When Evans made his first-class debut in 1899, it was as an all-rounder. Bowling right arm overarm, he took 7/70, despite his opponents the South Australians amassing 582 runs. It was the first ever time the two states had met at first-class level and thus Evans has the distinction of being the first Queenslander to take a five wicket haul against South Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20477041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477041" title="Marion Mann">
Marion Mann

Marion Mann (born March 29, 1920) is an American physician and pathologist. He was a Dean of the College of Medicine at Howard University from 1970 to 1979.
Early life.
Marion was born in Atlanta, Georgia and was raised, along with five brothers, by his mother, C.C. Mann, who was a church organist (Ebenezer Baptist Church and Liberty Baptist Church in Atlanta; Southern Baptist Church in New York City; and Mt. Bethel Baptist Church in Washington, D.C.) http://openlibrary.org/a/OL461275A. She also was a piano teacher until her death in 1981 at the age of 92. The best known, though not necessarily most talented, of the musical Mann brothers were probably Levi and Howard. Levi played jazz bass (upright) with the Lucky Millander Orchestra in the 1930s and 1940s and later held down the house musician gig, playing the Hammond B3 organ at the famous 20 Grand Club in Detroit, Michigan during the early Motown years. Howard wrote and composed the gospel classic "Teach Us To Pray" and was organist and choir director at Convent Avenue Baptist Church in Harlem. The other brothers in this accomplished African American family included Lawrence, William, and John Wesley who were all classically trained musicians and educators.
Although a music lover, Marion was the only son of C.C. (Mama) Mann who did not pursue a career as a musician. C.C. had moved the family from Atlanta to Harlem, New York in the 1930s, but Marion went South again to attend college at Tuskegee Institute. At Tuskegee, in 1937, he met fellow student Ruth Maureen Reagin from Selma, Alabama, and Marion and Ruth were married after his graduation (1940) and before Marion entered the U.S. Army. Marion and Ruth had two children. M. Nicholas Mann was born on the Tuskegee Army Airfield in 1944 while Marion was stationed there as an administrative officer and Nick went on to a career in organization development consulting http://www.rdiweb.net with a brief foray as writer and music producer (The Reddings). Judith Reagin Walk was born in Yokohama, Japan in 1949 during Marion's post World War II overseas tour of duty. As a university administrator (Eastman School of Music and Howard University), Judy is also a talented musician (pianist, teacher, and choir director).
Medical career.
Marion left the regular Army and entered Howard University Medical School in 1950 and was graduated (M.D.) in 1954. After graduation, his career as a pathologist included serving as a Deputy Coroner in Washington, D.C. Along the way, he earned the Ph.D. degree (1961) from Georgetown University http://en.scientificcommons.org/marion_mann. He accepted a full-time assistant professorship of pathology at his alma mater (Howard) in 1961 and by 1970 was promoted to the rank of professor and named Medical School Dean.
Even though Mann had left the regular Army, he remained in the military as an Army Medical Corp reservist and by 1975 was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General. From 1988 until 1991, after a period of retirement, Marion served as Associate Vice President at Howard University. In that role, he established the University's Office of Research and Administration. But, the accomplishments that he is probably best remembered for came as Dean of the College of Medicine.
Deanship at Howard.
During Marion's Deanship, a more rigorous entrance process was instituted and the entering Freshman class size at the Medical School was increased to 128. Dr. Mann established elaborate student support services that increased student success and reduced attrition. It was during his administration as Dean that the faculty voted to approve requirements that Part-I of the National Board examination be passed for promotion to junior, and that graduating students had passed Part-II. Under Dr. Mann's leadership, the Medical School initiated new programs leading to the Ph.D. in anatomy, genetics, and microbiology. Perhaps the most lasting accomplishment of Marion Mann's deanship was the Medical School expansion (spearheaded by Dr. Mann) with the addition of the Seeley G. Mudd building http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seeley_G._Mudd as a pre-clinical science facility http://www.howard.edu/newsroom/releases/2008/campaign/ next to the existing Numa P.Adams building.
Honors.
Marion Mann's honors include being awarded the D.Sc. degree, honoris causa, from Georgetown University; receiving an honorary D.Sc. degree from the University of Massachusetts; serving as a diplomate of the National Board of Medical Examiners and the American Board of Pathology; and being bestowed the title of Knight Grand Commander of the Human Order of African Redemption from the Republic of Liberia.

</doc>
<doc id="20477065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477065" title="Artur Gevorkyan">
Artur Gevorkyan

Artur Gevorkyan (born 22 November 1984) is a professional Turkmen football player, playing for Nasaf Qarshi.
Career.
He plays for Nasaf Qarshi since 2011. Before joining "Nasaf" he played for Pakhtakor Tashkent. In 2011 Gevorkyan won 2011 AFC Cup with Nasaf, scoring 4 goals in tournament and 11 goals in League matches. 
In 2013 season Gevorkyan scored 18 goals, only one goal less than best scrore Oleksandr Pyschur and made significant contribution to the finishing 3rd in league.
Career statistics.
International.
Goals for Senior National Team
In 2007 Gevorkyan scored 2 goals on his international debut.

</doc>
<doc id="20477074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477074" title="Peter Noble (academic)">
Peter Noble (academic)

Sir Peter Scott Noble (1899 - 1987) was a British academic who was Principal of King's College London from 1952 to 1968.
Noble was educated at Fraserburgh Academy, St John's College, Cambridge where he graduated with a double first in Classics and Oriental Languages, and at the University of Aberdeen. He was made a fellow of St John's College, Cambridge. 
Noble was Professor of Latin Language and Literature at the University of Leeds from 1930 to 1938 and then Regius Professor of Humanity at the University of Aberdeen from 1938 to 1952. He served as Principal of King's College London from 1952 to 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20477125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477125" title="Planctus de obitu Karoli">
Planctus de obitu Karoli

The "Planctus (de obitu) Karoli ("Lament the Death of Charlemagne"), also known by its incipit A solis ortu (usque ad occidua") ("From the rising of the sun the setting"), is an anonymous medieval Latin "planctus" eulogising Charlemagne, written in accented verse by a monk of Bobbio shortly after his subject's death in 814. It is generally considered the earliest surviving "planctus", thought its melody is written in tenth-century neumes, one of the earliest surviving examples of this sort of musical notation. The poem has been translated into English by Peter Godman. 
The authorship of the "Planctus" has been a matter of some dispute. Its author has been identified with Columbanus of Saint Trond, who, it is claimed, also wrote the "Ad Fidolium", a set of quantitative adonics. The "Planctus" appeared in a seventeenth-century manuscript compilation of the poems of Hrabanus Maurus under the subscription "Hymnus Columbani ad Andream episcopum de obitu Caroli", which inspired L. A. Muratori to make the identification, but this late ascription to a Columbanus is probably deduced from the poem's own seventeenth stanza. As argued by Heinz Löwe, that stanza in fact makes it very difficult to argue that the poet, who consistently uses the first person, was the Columbanus he refers to.
The poem is composed of twenty three-line romance strophes each with a distich of two dodecasyllables and the parenthetical heptasyllabic refrain "Heu mihi misero!", which does not mark a division in thought but is inserted regularly in an otherwise continuous syntax. Each dodecasyllable ends in a paroxytone ("mot métrique"). The existence of quilisma in the musical notation indicates the influence of plainchant. 
The first line ("A solis ortu...") is drawn from a fifth-century hymn of Caelius Sedulius. As the Sedulian hymn was sung at Christmastime, the sorrowful "Planctus" presents a contrast with the joy typically associated with its opening. The poet expands upon his personal grief at the death of his emperor—and benefactor of Bobbio—by asking all the regions of Earth to mourn with him, and using the tears of Saint Columbanus, founder of Bobbio, as a symbol of the monastery's grief. The rhythm of the verse, presence of musical notation, and orientation towards contemporary events suggest popular recitation or performance. The poem, though associated with the Carolingian Renaissance in Latin letters, is not a commentary on the "disintegration" (or "décomposition") of the Carolingian Empire after the death of Charlemagne. 
Select stanzas.
The following text is taken from Peter Godman (1985), "Latin Poetry of the Carolingian Renaissance" (Norman: University of Oklahoma Press), 206–211. 
The latest critical and only textual and musical edition can be found in "Corpus Rhythmorum Musicum (saec. IV–IX)", I, "Songs in non-liturgical sources di tradizione non liturgica", 1 "Lyrics (Florence: SISMEL, 2007), edited by Francesco Stella (text) and Sam Barrett (music), with reproduction of the manuscript sources and recording of the audio executions of the modern musical transcriptions, now partially consultable [http://www.corimu.unisi.it here. 

</doc>
<doc id="20477160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477160" title="Coordinator for Counterterrorism">
Coordinator for Counterterrorism

The Coordinator for Counterterrorism heads the U.S. State Department's Bureau of Counterterrorism, which coordinates U.S. government efforts to fight terrorism.

</doc>
<doc id="20477163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477163" title="New Amazonia">
New Amazonia

New Amazonia: A Foretaste of the Future is a feminist utopian novel, written by Elizabeth Burgoyne Corbett and first published in 1889. It was one element in the wave of utopian and dystopian literature that marked the later nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
The plot.
In her novel, Corbett envisions a successful suffragette movement eventually giving rise to a breed of highly-evolved "Amazonians" who turn Ireland into a utopian society. The book's female narrator wakes up in the year 2472, much like Julian West awakens in the year 2000 in Edward Bellamy's "Looking Backward" (1888). Corbett's heroine, however, is accompanied by a man of her own time, who has similarly awakened from a hashish dream to find himself in New Amazonia.
The Victorian woman and man are given an account of intervening history by one of the Amazonians. In the early twentieth century, war between Britain and Ireland decimated the Irish population; the British repopulated the island with their own surplus women. (After the war, which also involved France on the side of Ireland, British women outnumbered men by three to one.) Women came to dominate all aspects of society on the island. 
The history lesson is followed by a tour of the new society, which embodies a version of state socialism. Men are allowed to live on the island, but cannot hold political office: "masculine government has always held openings for the free admission of corruption, injustice, immorality, and narrow-minded, self-glorifying bigotry." The Amazonians are vegetarians; they employ euthanasia, eliminating malformed children — and bastards. They maintain their superiority by practicing "nerve-rejuvenation," in which the life energy of dogs is transferred to humans. The result is that the Amazonians grow to be seven feet tall, and live for hundreds of years but look no older than forty. The narrator tries the procedure herself: "The sensation I experienced was little more than a pin-prick in intensity, but...I felt ten years younger and stronger, and was proportionately elated at my good fortune." (The procedure, though, is fatal to the dogs.)
The narrator reacts very positively to what she sees and learns; but her male companion reacts precisely oppositely and adjusts badly — to the point where the Amazonians judge him to be insane. The narrator nonetheless tries to protect her male counterpart, and in the process is accidentally transported back to the grimmer realities of Victorian England.
Matriarchy resistance.
W. H. Hudson's second novel, "A Crystal Age" (1887), published two years earlier than Corbett's book, also contains the plot element of a nineteenth-century man who cannot adapt to a matriarchal society of the future.
The author.
Little is known about Newcastle journalist Elizabeth Corbett, who published as "Mrs. George Corbett." Some of her fifteen novels — mysteries, adventure stories, and mainstream fiction — have clear feminist themes and elements, despite the traditional values of the age in which she lived and worked.

</doc>
<doc id="20477188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477188" title="Saba Anglana">
Saba Anglana

Saba Anglana is a Somali-Italian actress and international singer.
Biography.
Saba was born in Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia, during the country's socialist period. Her mother was the daughter of an exiled Somali living in neighboring Ethiopia. Her father was a former commander in the Italian military, who relocated to Somalia from Italy after the Second World War.
Due to Saba's dad's senior martial background with the erstwhile colonial administration, he was regarded by Somalia's then military regime as a possible spy. The Anglanas were subsequently exiled to Italy, when she was still a child.
Saba was thereafter raised in Italy, where she later studied at the Sapienza University in Rome. Her Somali roots, however, remained an important focus. She studied the Somali language with her mother, particularly the regional dialect of "Xamar Weyne", connecting with her native country through music.
Career.
Saba began her artistic career in the 1990s as an actress on Italian television. In a popular local TV series entitled "La Squadra", she played a policewoman of dual Somali-Italian heritage.
In 2007, Saba released her first studio album entitled "Jidka: The Line", in which she mixes the traditional sounds of her native Somalia with contemporary Italian flourishes.

</doc>
