<doc id="20363265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363265" title="The Late Late Toy Show">
The Late Late Toy Show

The Late Late Toy Show is an annual, special episode of the Irish late-night chat show "The Late Late Show". Airing annually on RTÉ One near the end of November or early-December, the "Toy Show" prominently features the popular toys of the year that are showcased before the oncoming Holiday season as presented by the host and demonstrated by various children on-stage, along with appearances by celebrity guests. Since its first presentation in 1975, the "Toy Show" has become a cultural institution in Ireland; it is often the most-watched program of the year on Irish television (and its overall viewership has increased steadily in recent years), and being featured on the "Toy Show" has been said to have a major boost to sales of a product heading into the Christmas season. Commercial time during the "Toy Show" is also prestigious for advertisers; in 2009, a 30-second spot cost €17,000; in comparison, a 30-second spot during the 2010 UEFA Champions League Final cost €9,750. Tickets to its taping are also difficult to come by; in one year, a single ticket was auctioned for €1,500.
Most recently presented by Ryan Tubridy, the show has previously been presented by Gay Byrne and Pat Kenny during their tenures at the helm. Dustin the Turkey, a high-profile entertainment figure in Ireland, made an annual appearance, usually bringing a gift for the presenter. These gifts when produced tended to have a comedy effect and in the past have included a miniature antique chair and a Pat Kenny clock, ominously presented to Kenny's predecessor Gay Byrne. Dustin has not made an appearance on the show since 2007. "The Toy Show", along with the "Tribute Shows", tends to be one of the few editions of "The Late Late Show" to require advance preparation before the week of broadcast.
Jumper.
The Toy Show jumper attracts as much attention as the show itself, with viewers sending in their own versions to RTÉ ahead of the night in the hope that the presenter might wear them. Gay Byrne habitually wore a Christmas jumper each year, but Pat Kenny tended to wear a "naff" grey jumper when he was host. Ryan Tubridy also spoke in favour of the jumper when he took the helm. Byrne was noted for his "Bing Crosby sweater".
Some of the sweaters we got in this year are so bad, the people who knitted them should be put on trial in The Hague for crimes against Christmas. Ryan Tubridy expressed his distaste for the selection of jumpers he received from fans in 2011.
History.
In 1994, it was broadcast on 9 December and attracted an audience so high that it did not come close again until the 2010 edition.
In 1997, Dustin presented Gay Byrne with a miniature antique chair during the veteran presenter's second-last Toy Show. The stunt alluded to a controversy that occurred when the winner of an antiques restoration competition run by the show claimed credit for a chair which had been worked on by another person.
Among the show's other memorable moments over the years are Junior Culchie of the Year Mark McSharry from County Cavan in his mini-motorised toy tractor, the little girl who said she did not like Justin Bieber "'cus he's so full of himself", Pat Kenny mispronouncing Jerry "Seinfield"'s name before presenting him with his very own cheap Superman toy, and—what is considered "the ultimate Toy Show moment" by many and "possibly the ultimate moment of all time"—little John Joe Brennan's dissection of the collected works of Roald Dahl—"I find him very poetic" and "for children fantasy always comes first." And his ambition to be a horologist.
Recent history.
2005 edition.
The 2005 Toy Show was broadcast on 2 December 2005, attracting 1.1 million viewers as the most watched programme on Irish television that year. It was also the most watched edition of "The Late Late Show" since Gay Byrne's final show in 1999.
2006 edition.
The 2006 Toy Show was broadcast on 1 December 2006. Six-year-old Millie (Philomena) Murray, who, along with her four-year-old brother Gavin Murray, had recently been burned out of her car in Limerick, left her hospital bed to make an appearance. She requested a doll to play with for the show. Her brother was too unwell to feature on the show after the incident that led to over twelve weeks of hospital treatment for the pair. Pat Kenny was later criticised in a study by the Equality Authority for his hosting of the show, in which he persistently reinforced stereotypes of gender roles. An example was a human skull shown to ooze slime, of which the presenter uttered the comment "made for boys, I think".
2007 edition.
The 2007 Toy Show was broadcast on 30 November 2007, attracting over one million viewers or seven tenths of the available audience, making it the most watched television programme in Ireland at that time of 2007. Broadcast over the traditional four parts, it contained a performance from James Blunt, the annual appearance of Dustin, book reviews and Miriam O'Shea who performed a rendition of "Somewhere Over the Rainbow". The 2007 Toy Show also played host to an interview with comedian Jerry Seinfeld. Kenny expressed a lack of knowledge about his subject from the very beginning when he introduced him as "Jerry Sein"field"". There was much uncomfortable chat on the topic of bees (Seinfeld was on the show to promote his new movie, "Bee Movie") and Kenny then presented him with a cheap imitation of his favourite superhero, Superman. Seinfeld, who had previously lashed out at Larry King over his ignorance, remained tight-lipped and walked off without informing Kenny of his correct name. The 2007 Toy Show was opened by the soprano Oisín Nolan who ascended a hanging crescent moon as Kenny entered the studio fresh from his visit to Santa in Lapland. Roisin Seoighe (7) Conemara performed Sean Nos dancing wearing her trademark red dance shoes along with music played by the Castlemahon Buskers. She danced a reel and got a fantastic applause from the audience. The Castle Mahon Buskers came from Newcastle West, County Limerick, and have four members. Two bodhrán players performed, an accordion player and a spoons player. The show was closed by The Young Wexford Singers and Rowe Street Junior Choir.
This was so far Dustin's last appearance on the Toy Show.
2008 edition.
The 2008 Toy Show aired on 28 November 2008 and was Pat Kenny's tenth Toy Show. It achieved a total audience of 1,199,000 to become the most viewed television programme across all channels available in Ireland since 2001. It was the fourth consecutive year that the show cleared the one million viewers mark, with 275,000 of those watching being children and almost 800,000 watchers being adults.
The highlight was the opening, which first shows Pat Kenny standing on a railing outside the RTE studios in Donnybrook putting an extra light bulb on to the lights. A boy named Anthony Malone from Tullamore,then switches on the lights which goes all over the country, the boy then picks up a present and passes it to the other kids in a pass the parcel like fashion, while a little girl sings a rendition of Mariah Carey's All I Want for Christmas Is You. The show then proceeds to the main studio where kids dressed as elves and Santa's sing the song and pass the parcel to the audience who pass it on to Kenny who is standing at the top of the audience.
A show on RTE Two called Ice had snuck a Teddy Bear into the set which was spotted on camera during a performance on the show.
The programme proved controversial, with controversy beginning to generate one week before broadcast, when the current value of tickets was questioned. When a competition winner refused two tickets to the show as her prize at the end of the 21 November edition of "The Late Late Show", visibly infuriated presenter Pat Kenny tore them up live on air. Kenny questioned why she had entered the competition if she had not wanted to attend the Toy Show (the tickets were just part of the prize; also on offer was €10,000). In the aftermath, the winner, identified as Barbara Heavey from Cork, explained to a newspaper that she had entered the competition "out of boredom", had "no interest in watching children play with toys for two hours" and had no children of her own. She did not see the actual tearing of the tickets as she had turned off the television "to prevent an echo on the line" and attempted to suggest that they either be raffled or donated to someone else only to be drowned out by Kenny and his audience's vocal disbelief. Despite numerous attempts by RTÉ to have her attend, she said she would be "bored stiff", wasn't interested in toys and, if she had to attend the show, would probably "set off the smoke alarms by chain-smoking in the toilets". Kenny did not let the matter rest however, opening his morning radio show the following Monday with a five minute chat to his listeners in which he implied that the torn-up tickets were of more value than All Ireland final and Munster v. All Blacks tickets. Within minutes footage was uploaded onto the video hosting website YouTube, with spoofs of the incident also created. and Heavey was congratulated in numerous national newspapers.
Two and a half hours before the 2008 Toy Show got underway Kenny appeared on Aidan Power's "The Cafe" with alter-ego Oliver Callan. (19:00). Kenny revealed McFly would perform, the only guest he was willing to reveal to Power. Power then mimicked the torn ticket incident by teasing Kenny with two tickets before plucking them from his grasp and tearing them into pieces, after which Kenny engaged in some turkey dialogue with the rest of "The Cafe". In an announcement aired before the , Kenny let slip that Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May from BBC's "Top Gear" would appear. During the show, Kenny once again referenced the ticket fiasco when, whilst promoting another competition with a prize of a car and €10,000, he said he would "tear up" the vehicle if the winner refused to take it. Nicky Byrne of Westlife appeared with his twins Rocco and Jay and met 10-year-old Shauna Byrne, a fan of his who was battling cystic fibrosis at the time but later died on 30 January 2009. Sarah Ferguson was present for the annual children's book section, where she listened to some of the children speak the Irish language. McFly, in their second Toy Show appearance, performed "Do Ya" from their "" album. The closing act was RTÉ Cór na nÓg, singing "Jingle Bells".
2009 edition.
The 2009 Toy Show aired on 27 November 2009 and was Ryan Tubridy's first Toy Show. The presenter suggested prior to the show that there was uncertainty over whether he would wear the jumper traditionally worn each year. He wore a maroon jumper on the night. Tubridy's daughter Ella attended the show. The 2009 theme was "The Wizard of Oz", with a yellow brick road being especially constructed for the occasion.
Elles Divas, three schoolgirls from County Offaly, performed "Don't Stop Me Now" during the first part of the show. At one point Tubridy was asked to attempt to moonwalk by two children, responding in a joking manner: "You didn't do this in rehearsals, lads".
Jedward, wearing glistening bronze suits on their first appearance on Irish television, caused controversy when John swore live on air after tearing his trousers whilst performing a sequence of acrobatic movements around the set. He used the words, "Oh shit. I ripped my pants". Ten security guards were required to take care of the twins, who rose to fame on UK talent show "The X Factor". Thousands of females fans surrounded RTÉ's studios to catch a glimpse of the pair who spent time in the audience live on air. Tubridy was later criticised by their manager Louis Walsh for giving them a "hard time".
The programme attracted an average audience of 1.38 million viewers. The jumper worn by Tubridy on his debut as host of "The Late Late Toy Show" was later auctioned for victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake on the radio programme "Mooney". The jumper raised €1,050.
This year's ad featured Tubridy going into a tailor store run by two children, who offer him different sweaters. Tubridy refuses each one until they offer him a jacket which he gladly accepts unaware that the kids have plugged in a neon sign at the back.
2010 edition.
Host Ryan Tubridy caused controversy after suggesting via Twitter that he may not wear the traditional jumper. Tubridy made history when he became the first 'Late Late' host to sing on the show. He opened a song from "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory" in the opening piece of the show. The 2010 Toy Show attracted an average of 1.4 million viewers, the highest audience in 16 years. Speaking about the show, presenter Tubridy said "At the end of a very difficult week in Ireland, I think the country needed a smile, a laugh and a big hug and I think that's what we did on Friday." The show also attracted 46,500 streams on RTÉ Player, up almost 120% on the figures achieved for the 2009 show.
The same ad used in the previous year's edition returned this time with Ryan accepting a sweater from the two kids (who return for this ad). However the kids put on 3D Glasses showing a 3D effect that they can see so when Ryan asks why they are wearing them they substitute it with the fact that they are going to a 3D movie.
2011 edition.
Following on from the previous year's "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" theme, 2011 had a "Toy Story" theme.
It was broadcast on 2 December 2011. The jumper worn by Ryan Tubridy was donated to the fund for artist Alexandra Trotsenko on "Liveline". Tubridy entered the show disguised as pull-string cowboy Woody.
"The Late Late Toy Show" was the most watched show in 17 years and of 2011, with the following Enda Kenny's Address to the nation in second place and the Eurovision Song Contest in third place. Tubridy later admitted that he had to apologise to a lady in the audience whom he had hit with a soiled nappy tossed carelessly aside during one of the toy demonstrations.
Performer on the Toy Show, Ashley Tubridy, later appeared on the Late Late Show in January 2012, performing a new edition to her song "Friends Forever".
2012 edition.
The 2012 edition, with a Shrek theme (though a trailer airing all week in advance falsely implied an Indiana Jones theme), took place on 30 November.
It was host Ryan Tubridy's fourth Toy Show. As showtime approached there was much talk of "reasonably priced toys" and the host's choice of jumper—"There won't be any penguins or snowmen or figures on the jumper. I would describe this sweater as gruesome, nasty and grotesque, but only from a sartorial point of view." "joke" There was also a scam involving fake tickets. The children appearing included eight Irish dancers known as Damhsa Juniors and two kids from Naas performing English pop singer's Jessie J's song "Price Tag", with a group singing "Santa Claus Is Coming to Town" as the show finale. Other features to look forward to included a special appearance by "The X Factor" finalists Union J, Aston and Kayleigh from RTÉ documentary "Apartment Kids" championing toys for small spaces, a remote-controlled James Bond car and a PlayStation game written by J. K. Rowling. The highlight moment of the show happened when young Alex Meehan on a peddle powered tractor came out before spontaneously speaking Irish to Ryan Tubridy. When Tubridy responded by asking him "any craic" Alex answered "Níl" before peddling off the stage.
2013 edition.
The 2013 edition took place on 29 November. The show was streamed on rte.ie live worldwide, anyone anywhere in the world could watch the show as it’s not geo-blocked. 40,000 applications for tickets were received with only around 200 available.
The show had a "Mary Poppins" theme, with Ryan Tubridy opening the show dressed as chimney sweep Bert and then tore off the costume to reveal his Christmas jumper. The 2013 toy show featured a record breaking 237 toys. Over 231 performers and demonstrators took to the stage, with 34 of them performing a special opening number from Mary Poppins. The opening song on the show was Chim Chim Cher-ee and featured Ryan Tubridy dancing. 
In Advance to the show during the week, Tubridy received a letter from a young boy from County Cavan named Fergal Smith, who begged to co-host the show with him. Tubridy at first rejected the letter but the week before, he changed his mind and called him live on air and agreed to let him host. Fergal later appeared on the show wearing a similar jumper and also helped Tubridy to introduce youngters who demonstrated ride on toys.
A rival version of the toy show was shown on TV3 on the same day at the earlier times of 10.00am and 8:00pm called "Showpal Christmas Toys", the 30-minute programme was presented by Alan Hughes.
Robbie Keane was a guest on the show when he surprised a young fan whilst he was playing a game of FIFA 14.
Bosco also made an appearance on the show.
Domhnall, the young Irish football fan who met Robbie Keane later appeared on the Late Late Show, a week later where he got the surprise of being a mascot for the team for their upcoming international friendly against Serbia in March. The 2013 show was the most-watched programme on RTE in 2013. It was watched by 1,547,000 viewers.
A Trailer for the movie , was shown on YouTube featuring the movie's main character, fictional anchorman Ron Burgundy, doing a report about the show.

</doc>
<doc id="20363266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363266" title="Marnie Bassett">
Marnie Bassett

Flora Marjorie ("Marnie") Bassett (30 June 1889 – 3 February 1980) was an Australian historian and biographer.
Life.
Bassett was born in Melbourne to academic parents, Sir David Orme Masson, a professor of chemistry, and his wife Mary, née Struthers. She grew up in and around the University of Melbourne. Bassett received most of her education at home from a governesses, although when she was 17 for three months she attended a girls' grammar school run by the Church of England. She became her father's secretary, but managed to attend history lectures at the university, particularly those of Ernest Scott. Scott encouraged her historical studies, and in 1913 she published a note in the "University Review" on the founding of the University of Melbourne.
During World War I she was a secretary to various military hospital directors, and was transferred to England in 1916. On the way, her ship, the "Arabia" was torpedoed and she was forced to escape in a life boat. After the war she returned home and met and married Walter E. Bassett, an engineer. They were married on 25 January 1923, and had several children. As her children grew older, Bassett began to write in earnest.
Selected works.
"The Governor's Lady" (1940) was a study of Philip Gidley King's wife, Anna Josepha King, the first woman to come to Australia as a governor's wife. This was a very early entry in the field that became Women's history. This was followed by "The Hentys" (1954), an account of the Henty family's trials along the Swan River, in Van Diemen's Land and finally in the Port Phillip District now in Victoria. This book has been praised as "combining diligent research, intelligent handling of historical evidence, and a prose style that is clear and harmonious." Bassett wrote many articles for the "Australian Dictionary of Biography".

</doc>
<doc id="20363297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363297" title="Yeimer López">
Yeimer López

Yeimer López García (born August 28, 1982 in Buey Arriba, Granma) is a middle distance runner from Cuba, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2004.
Biography.
He is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's 800 metres at the 2007 Pan American Games in Brazil. López is the twin brother (fraternal) of female sprinter Ana López.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20363298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363298" title="Los Favoritos">
Los Favoritos

"Los Favoritos" is a Puerto Rican young group composed on 2008, with eight graduates of the competition "Objetivo Fama". The aim or goal of this group are extend the careers of these artists in the music field, according to the director, producer and creator of the group "Francisco Zamora", are already fulfilling the expectations of the group, because in the month October, two members of "Los Favoritos", Javier Baerga Schroeder and Luz Maria, left the group to start preparing theirs solo album.
Los Favoritos: The Show.
"Los Favoritos: The Show" is a show that combines a mixture of talent never before seen. After three years are met for the first time to delight with their voices, eight young people who took the public as their favorites.
Thanks to her, but above all, by their charismas Arquímides, Blanca Rosa, Ediberto, Javier, Jometh, Jonathan, Luz Maria, Mary Ann Acevedo and an accomplice Francisco Zamora, together on the same platform will make us tremble with emotion, with a musical experience new, distinct and refreshing, making it to be a show unique.
"Los Favoritos: The Show" will be placed among the most acclaimed and favorites, both of Puerto Rican public, and internationally. Produced by a team of first class, led by producers Francisco Zamora & Karlo Cabrera. It is aimed at the general public and family enjoyment.
The main objective of this group is to motivate with messages aimed at helping them achieve their goals and make clear that all dreams can be realized. "Los Favoritos The Show" is an innovative proposal stage in which besides singing, we can see the small guys in proceedings during the course of the show.
Among the professionals who were responsible for the success of "Los Favoritos The Show" to be come out at the Centro de Bellas Artes on September 14, 2008, are the producer Guillermo Torres, who will be responsible for the orchestra music.
The choreography will be conducted by prominent international choreographer Danny Lugo and as if that were not enough, in the area of apparel and grooming this acargo of experience and creativity of Korean Ed and Wanda Montes, be recognized by the creators of images of the great figures Local and international spectacle.
On January 25, 2009, "Los Favoritos" presented a concert in the Coliseo Ruben Rodriguez at Bayamon, Puerto Rico, in the continue of the concert tour 2008-2009.
Special Presentations.
This October 30, 2008, a part of "Los Favoritos" were presented in the "Pabellón de la Paz" in San Juan, Mary Ann Acevedo, Arquimides, Ediberto, Blanca Rosa, Jonathan, Jometh and Francisco Zamora, they did pranks in "El Segundo Encuentro de Organizaciones Juveniles de Puerto Rico" (made by the OAJ - "Oficina de Asuntos de la Juventud"), which took place on the site. They interpreted the official theme of "Los Favoritos" and shared with their fans giving autographs and taking photos with them.
Also "Los Favoritos" will be presented on November 22, 2008 in "El Pulguero de las Christmas" at the parking lot of Estadio Hiram Bithorn at Hato Rey, Puerto Rico. At the same day, "Los Favoritos", were presented at Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico in the reception of Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2009, Mayra Matos.

</doc>
<doc id="20363304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363304" title="Herbert Wiesinger">
Herbert Wiesinger

Herbert Wiesinger (b. July 26, 1948, in Jugenheim an der Bergstrasse) is a German former pair skater. 
He partnered with Marianne Streifler until 1969. They were two-time German silver medalists and placed 11th at the 1968 Winter Olympics. The pair represented the Frankfurter REC club. 
He teamed up with Almut Lehmann in 1970 and competed with her until retirement. They were three-time German national champions and won the bronze medal at the 1973 European Figure Skating Championships. They placed 5th at the 1972 Winter Olympics. They represented the club SC Rießersee.
He is currently the Skating Director at the Alpharetta Family Skate Center aka The Cooler in Alpharetta, Georgia in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20363307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363307" title="Edward Holbrook Derrick">
Edward Holbrook Derrick

Edward Holbrook Derrick (1898–1976) was an Australian pathologist, best known for his role in identifying Q fever.
Derrick was born in Victoria, and earned an M.D. from Melbourne University in 1922. He subsequently worked for a short period of time at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute in Melbourne, and spent a year studying pathology at London Hospital. He later served as director of the Laboratory of Microbiology and Pathology of the Queensland Health Department from 1934 to 1947, during which time he played a significant role in the investigation and discovery of Q fever. An outbreak was brought to his attention as director in 1935, and he spent the next few years, with a number of colleagues, researching its characteristics and cause. In addition, he gave it the name "Q fever", originally intended as a temporary name, with the "Q" standing for "query" at a time when its cause was still unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20363308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363308" title="Franco Ziliani">
Franco Ziliani

Franco Ziliani (born 1956 in Milan) is an Italian journalist and wine critic, with a specialty in Italian wines since 1985. He has contributed to several periodicals including "Decanter", "A Tavola", "Barolo & Co." and "Merum", "Il Corriere Vinicolo", "De Vinis", "The World of Fine Wine", as well as a column for "Harpers Magazine" with Nicolas Belfrage MW with whom he has also contributed to Tom Stevenson's annual "Wine Report".
Ziliani and Jeremy Parzen launched VinoWire.com in March 2008, to provide an English language news service on the subject of Italian wine. Ziliani has since been credited by "La Repubblica" with first breaking the 2008 Brunello scandal.
Ziliani has often criticised Angelo Gaja and his style of winemaking, and frequently and controversially refers to James Suckling as "Giacomino Suckling" and his employer publication "Wine Spectator" as "Wine Speculator".

</doc>
<doc id="20363316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363316" title="Thomas Ohlsson">
Thomas Ohlsson

Thomas Ohlsson (born September 20, 1958) is a Swedish sprint canoer who competed from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Los Angeles in 1984. Ohlsson's wife, Eva Karlsson, won a silver medal in the K-4 500 m event at those same games.
He also won a complete set of medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-4 1000 m: 1982), a silver (K-4 500 m: 1981), and a bronze (K-4 500 m: 1982).

</doc>
<doc id="20363328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363328" title="Porteus">
Porteus

Porteus is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20363332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363332" title="Jacques de Chambly">
Jacques de Chambly

Jacques de Chambly (died 1687) was from a French military background and became a seigneur in the New World and a governor of Acadia.
Chambly's arrival in New France took place in 1665 when he arrived as a captain in the Carignan-Salières Regiment. He immediately was in charge of the construction of Fort Saint-Louis (now known as Fort Chambly) on the Richelieu Rapids. He then took part in the Prouville de Tracy’s expedition against the Iroquois. When his regiment was disbanded he returned to France but returned to service in Canada in 1670.
In 1672 he received a seigneury on the Richelieu River in present day Quebec, Canada. In 1673 he was appointed governor of Acadia, replacing Hector d'Andigné de Grandfontaine at the capital of Acadia, Fort Pentagouet. 

</doc>
<doc id="20363345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363345" title="Log jam">
Log jam

A log jam is an accumulation of large woody debris (logs more than four inches in diameter and over six feet long) that can span an entire stream or river channel.
Effects on stream/river geomorphology.
Log jams alter flow hydraulics, which control characteristics of scour and deposition. Thus, log jams become an important factor in the geomorphology of wooded streams and rivers.
Water is often impounded on the upstream side of a log jam, creating a pool. Water draining from this pool often creates a downstream "plunge pool". Decrease in water velocity in the pool often results in deposition of sand or gravel in the pool bottom. This may progress into "bar" formation.
Log jams also cause shifts in stream flow. They often redirect flow into former channels or spur creation of new channels.
Effects on ecology.
Log jams provide important fish habitat. The pools created and sediment deposited by formation of log jams create prime spawning grounds for many species of salmon. These pools also provide refuge for fish during low water levels when other parts of a stream may be nearly dry. Log jams can provide refuge, as velocity shelters, during high-flow periods.
Pool and bar formation by log jams also provides prime habitat for riparian forests.
The first ecological studies related to log jams were made at Andrews Forest in Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="20363375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363375" title="Fujian Blue">
Fujian Blue

Fujian Blue () is a 2007 Chinese film directed by Weng Shouming (Robin Weng). The film is Weng's first and is composed of two separate but linked stories entitled "The Neon Knights" and "At Home at Sea." The film touches on a number of controversial topics including juvenile delinquency, human trafficking, and drug use, which the film implies are the result of increasing influence of the West.
Starring primarily non-professionals, "Fujian Blue" was produced by several independent companies in China and abroad, including Fantasy Pictures based in Beijing.
The film won a Dragons and Tigers Award from the 2007 Vancouver International Film Festival, an award it shared with Zhang Yuedong's "Mid-Afternoon Barks".
Plot.
"Fujian Blue" takes place in the southeastern coastal province of Fujian (located across the straits from Taiwan). The film follows several characters in two separate but linked tales in the aftermath of the Communist government's decision to open the province up to the outside world in the 1980s. 
The first tale, entitled "The Neon Knights" follows the youth Amerika (Zhu Xiaoping) who lives in Fuqing. Amerika works for Roppongi (Zhuang Jiangjie), who operates a blackmailing ring that targets lonely housewives who have committed adultery while their husbands are away. Unbeknownst to Amerika, Amerika's mother (Wang Ruiyin) is also involved in crime, as an agent for the smuggler Czech (Gao Qing). Upset that his mother will not pay for his college education, Amerika makes her his next blackmailing target, but his plan goes awry and he is forced to seek refuge on Pingtan Island. 
The second tale, entitled "At Home at Sea" takes place on that same island and follows another youth in Roppongi's gang named Dragon (Luo Jin). Dragon, too, has fled to Pingtan after stabbing a man earlier. He had turned to crime in order to pay for the loans taken out to have his brother illegally smuggled out of the country. With nowhere to turn, Amerika gives Dragon some money, and he must decide whether to use it to emigrate himself, or to help his family.
Reception.
"Fujian Blue" remains obscure outside of the film festival circuit, due in part to what some critics saw as the films' rough aesthetics. Western critics have nevertheless been kind to the film so far. Richard Kuipers of "Variety", who saw the film at the 2007 Pusan International Film Festival, argued that the film was uneven but a strong debut from first-time director Weng. "The Hollywood Reporter" who reviewed the film at the 2008 Deauville Asian Film Festival found "Fujian Blue"'s non-professional cast and "interesting use of location" worthy of praise. Both critics also noted the film's social commentary, with the latter review stating that Weng accurately captures how "rime and addiction appear to be ruining the country's social fabric." However, like "Variety", "The Hollywood Reporter" was less optimistic regarding the film's ability to reach a broader audience.

</doc>
<doc id="20363395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363395" title="Tikuliya, Sagarmatha">
Tikuliya, Sagarmatha

Tikuliya is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2693 people living in 528 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20363400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363400" title="Die da!?">
Die da!?

"Die Da!?" One Over There is a song by the German Hip Hop Band, Die Fantastischen Vier. It was the third single by "Die Fantastischen Vier".
It was released in 1992, from the album "4 Gewinnt".
Tracklist.
CD
Maxi Vinyl

</doc>
<doc id="20363406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363406" title="Tilathi">
Tilathi

Tilathi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3950 people living in 694 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20363417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363417" title="Rear-engine, front-wheel-drive layout">
Rear-engine, front-wheel-drive layout

A rear-engine, front-wheel-drive layout is one in which the engine is behind the rear wheels, but drives the front wheels via a driveshaft, like a conventional front-engine, rear-wheel-drive vehicle traveling in reverse.
Although an uncommon drive layout, it has been used in the past, by Buckminster Fuller in his concept Dymaxion car, which was able to turn within its wheelbase due to rear-wheel steering.
There is some interest in developing the idea for use in cars of the future, as evidenced by the patent application of inventor–engineer Michael Basnett at Rover Group (GB), who proposes a front transaxle design, rear flat engine architecture.
According to the patent, the layout is designed to be advantageous in terms of crash performance by increasing the front crumple zone, in allowing greater styling freedom, in enhanced ride via reduced noise, vibration, and harshness, and in lowered center of gravity providing improved handling, braking and roll characteristics. Its main disadvantage is the lack of weight over the drive wheels, particularly under hard acceleration as weight shifts to the rear.
In 1932, Coleman Motors based in Littleton, Colorado, chief designer Harleigh Holmes designed and built an automobile named Maroon Car which had front-wheel drive by a rear-mounted V-8 engine. Only one was built and never placed in production.

</doc>
<doc id="20363424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363424" title="Trikola">
Trikola

Trikola is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4065.

</doc>
<doc id="20363430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363430" title="And Along Come Tourists">
And Along Come Tourists

And Along Come Tourists is a 2007 German dramatic film that was written and directed by Robert Thalheim. The principal characters are a young German doing civilian service at the former German Auschwitz concentration camp and an elderly camp survivor living there. Thalheim himself did his civilian service ("Zivildienst") at the International Youth Meeting Center in Oświęcim/Auschwitz in 1996–1997, and portions of the film were shot at the Center and in the nearby town of Oświęcim, Poland. Filming was not permitted at the site of the concentration camp itself, where more than one million persons had been murdered by the end of the Second World War in 1945. Jürgen Fauth and Marcy Dermansky have written of the film that, "Without ever resorting to preachiness, Thalheim, who was a "Zivi" at Auschwitz himself, offers incisive insights into the thorny contradictions and treacherous cross-currents of guilt and memory that turn any kind of exploration of the overbearing past into a minefield."
The principal performers are Alexander Fehling as Sven Lehnert and Ryszard Ronczewski as the survivor Stanislaw Krzemiński. Barbara Wysocka plays Ania Łanuszewskaa, a young Polish woman from Oświęcim with whom Sven develops a romantic relationship. The film premièred August 16, 2007 in Germany; its North American premiere was September 12, 2007 at the Toronto International Film Festival.
The film received a nomination for "Best Film" at the German Film Awards. Alexander Fehling received the Förderpreis Deutscher Film for his performance as Sven.
A DVD version of the film was released in Europe in 2008, but not in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="20363432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363432" title="François Barouh">
François Barouh

François Barouh (born January 16, 1955) is a French sprint canoer. He competed from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s.
Competing in two Summer Olympics, Barouh won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Los Angeles in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20363438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363438" title="Water Lily Street">
Water Lily Street

The Water Lily Street () is a historical business street located in the central area of the old city of Jinan, Shandong, China. With a history that can be traced back for more than 2000 years, the street formerly served as the administrative, financial, commercial, and cultural center of the city.
Water Lily Street runs through the historical center of Jinan in the north-south direction. To the north, it ends at the Fuxue Confucian Temple and to the south at Quancheng Street, a modern shopping area. The street has a total length of 432 meters and is on average 4.6 meters wide.
As the street has a long creek with clear water, it became a gathering place for business people and several wealthy residences were constructed in the surrounding area. Together with the nearby Qushuiting Street (to the north), Water Lily Street formed the most prosperous area in historical Jinan.
The street became a residential area and retail shops moved in when a yamen was established in the 5th year of the reign of the Kangxi Emperor (in the 1660s). At the beginning of the 20th century, Water Lily Street was still the administrative, financial, commercial, and cultural center of Jinan.
Many famous retail shops and services were located in the street such as the Weisheng dentist, an educational bookstore, a pharmacy, Guang Lisun's grocery.
In 2006, the city government included the renovation of the Water Lily Street among four sites selected for the renovation of the old city in keeping with its historical character, culture, business, and tourism.

</doc>
<doc id="20363441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363441" title="43rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
43rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 43rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between March 14, 1946 and April 27, 1949.
Division of seats.
There were 30 members of the General Assembly, elected in the 1945 Nova Scotia general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20363448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363448" title="Toh Guo'An">
Toh Guo'An

Toh Guo'An () (born September 5, 1982 in Singapore) is a Singaporean football player who is currently a goalkeeper for the S.League club Singapore Armed Forces Football Club.
Club career.
Toh Guo'An started his football career as a 19 year old for Tampines Rovers Football Club the Prime League team. Toh Guo'An won the Prime League Players of the year award that year. He eventually progressed up the ranks to the S-League squad the following year.
In 2001, Toh Guo'An helped the Tampines Rovers's Prime League Team to finish 3rd in the Prime League. He also made his S-League debut in the same year.
In Toh Guo'An's 1st full season in the S-League in 2002, he won his first Singapore Cup medal with Tampines Rovers Football Club.
In 2003, Toh Guo'An become a member of the pioneer squad of the Young Lions (Singapore football team).
In 2005, Toh Guo'An moved to SAFFC as he was serving his National Service. He was registered as a Prime League player. He made his SAFFC debut on the 31st of August against Woodlands Wellington FC.
Toh Guo'An helped SAFFC to win the 2006, 2007, 2008 and recently the 2009 S-League Championship and the 2007, 2008 Singapore Cup, his 4th S-League and 3rd Singapore Cup winners medal in 7 full season as a professional.
Toh Guo’An made his debut in Asia’s premier club competition, AFC Champions League when he came on as a substitute against Suwon Samsung Bluewings on 19 May 2009.
Toh Guo'an was never a first choice goalkeeper for all the clubs he played for.

</doc>
<doc id="20363451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363451" title="Kidsgrove Liverpool Road railway station">
Kidsgrove Liverpool Road railway station

Kidsgrove Liverpool Road railway station was the northernmost station on the Potteries Loop Line and served the town of Kidsgrove, Staffordshire. It was opened as Kidsgrove in 1875, but renamed in 1944 when the nearby Harecastle station became Kidsgrove railway station.
The site of the station is now occupied by a Tesco supermarket.

</doc>
<doc id="20363463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363463" title="Virgil (film)">
Virgil (film)

Virgil is a 2005 comedy drama film written and directed by French-Tunisian director Mabrouk El Mechri, his first feature film. It had its first public screening in movie theaters starting September 2005. The film is about the life of a French boxer in the French suburbs.
Synopsis.
Every week, Virgil dreams of his father Ernest telling him about his earlier life as a boxer.
And every week he dreams of a crossing glance from a young woman named Margot. This week, his father announces that he will finally come to see his son fight on the boxing ring. One problem: Virgil has not been boxing for the last three years.

</doc>
<doc id="20363471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363471" title="Crossroads Christian Academy">
Crossroads Christian Academy

Crossroads Christian Academy is a private Christian English-language school in Corozal, Panama. Established in 1997, the school serves students in prekindergarten through 12th grade and is accredited the by Panamanian ministry of education.
History.
Crossroads Christian Academy began in 1997 with only 29 students. In 1999, when Panama gained control of the Panama Canal Zone and many Americans left, the school faced the possibility of closure. However, the school remained open and have continued to operate well. There have been four directors at CCA so far, including Pastor Bob Gunn, Dr. Frank Martens, and Jacqueline Wiese. Jacqueline Wiese served as the director of CCA beginning in the spring semester of 2006 and ending in the fall semester of 2008. After this, Pastor Bob Gunn was the director again through June 2010. The current director is Scott Bose.
Curriculum.
CCA uses an American curriculum, except for the Spanish classes. Some courses, including the Honors courses in math and English, are only available depending on the availability of teachers. Honors courses are designed to prepare students for AP exams in areas such as AP Statistics, AP Calculus and AP English Literature and Composition. These courses are only taught by AP-trained instructors. Textbook changes have recently gone into effect as the school has changed from the A Beka Book curriculum in all subject areas to a variety of both Christian and secular resources. High School English uses Purposeful Design textbooks from TextWord Press, and the middle school science curriculum is also from a Christian publisher. In Middle School English, Holt, Rinehart and Winston books are used in the classroom. Elementary recently changed to the Scott Foresman language arts textbooks. All levels use the "History Alive" textbook series in their history classrooms. Math textbooks are also from Holt, Rinehart and Winston. Religious instruction is taught in weekly chapel sessions with the students and in separate Bible credits that students are required to take. Teachers are also encouraged to integrate a Christian world view into their lesson planning and teaching strategies. CCA is accredited among the New England Association of Schools and Colleges, as of May 2010. All teachers have BA or BS degrees, and 10 current teachers have more advanced degrees. Some electives offered at CCA include art, computer applications, and speech, though courses vary from year to year.
Enrollment.
In the 2010-2011 year, there were 260 students. 28% were U.S. citizens, 40% were Panamanian, and the rest were citizens of over 16 countries, including China, Russia, India, Bolivia, Costa Rica, El Salvador, the EU and various other locations around the world. These numbers do not necessarily reflect those students that possess dual citizenship. As of fall 2010, 73 of these students were enrolled in grades 9-12.
Tuition.
CCA is a non-profit school, and therefore tries to keep costs low. During the 2012-2013 year, the tuition per month is $310 for Kindergarten, $380 for Elementary, $410 for Middle school, and $440 for high school. There is also a one-time entrance fee of $5000 and a yearly registration fee of $600.
Extracurricular activities.
The main sports taught at CCA are basketball and volleyball in the fall, and soccer and track in the spring. CCA is a part of the Sport Association of Private Schools in Panama (ADECOP), and the Association of American Schools in Central America (AASCA). These Associations frequently schedule sport games and tournaments throughout the year. CCA's mascot is the Eagle. Basketball and soccer are the two primary competitive team sports that have especially developed during the past couple of years at CCA; these sports contain organized middle school and high school level teams for both boys and girls leagues. Students also have the option of participating in teacher-organized dramas, which happen under the initiative of individual teachers. Elementary students in the past performed "Jack and the Beanstalk", and "Cinderella". Secondary students in the past have performed "Hamlet" (Spring 2005) and "Arsenic and Old Lace" (Spring 2007). Elementary students all participate in an annual Christmas musical presentation, and secondary students are invited to act in short drama skits in the Christmas presentation. Beginning in the 2008-2009 school year, an 8th grade choir was put together that performed in school chapel, the Christmas program and at another local area private school. Students are offered teachers for private music lessons, and perform annual or bi-annual recitals either during chapel sessions or at the Christmas program. These music lessons usually involve piano, voice, and guitar, although lessons in percussion are also available. Although CCA's yearbook was designated as a class elective in 2008-2009, in the past it has also been a voluntary extracurricular activity. 

</doc>
<doc id="20363482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363482" title="Karl Kamrath">
Karl Kamrath

Karl Kamrath (April 25, 1911 – January 29, 1988) was an American architect and tennis player. He, along with Frederick James MacKie, Jr., created the Houston-based architectural firm Mackie and Kamrath. The firm's buildings reflected the principles of Organic Architecture and Usonian architecture, an outcome of Kamrath's friendship with Frank Lloyd Wright. His career spanned over five decades during which he designed residential, commercial, institutional and government buildings. Prior to founding MacKie and Kamrath, Karl Kamrath worked for Pereira and Pereira, the Interior Studios of Marshall Field and Company, and the Architectural Decorating Company in Chicago, Illinois.
Karl Fred Kamrath was born in Enid, Oklahoma to G.A. and Martha Kreplin Kamrath on April 25, 1911. While still a child, Kamrath's family moved to Austin, Texas. Throughout his life, Kamrath was an avid tennis player, and married fellow tennis player Eugenie Sampson in 1934. That same year that he graduated the University of Texas with a Bachelor's degree in architecture. In 1955, Karl Kamrath was elected as a fellow of the American Institute of Architects (AIA), an organization he was affiliated with since 1939. He became the Houston AIA chapter president in 1960 and acted as the chairman of the Frank Lloyd Wright Memorial Committee from 1960 to 1962. He was inducted into the University of Texas Longhorn Hall of Fame in 1978 and the Texas Tennis Hall of Fame in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20363497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363497" title="Lü Liuliang">
Lü Liuliang

Lü Liuliang (; 1629–1683) was a Han Chinese poet and author from Tongxiang, Zhejiang province. He was born under the Ming Dynasty but died under the Manchu Qing Dynasty.
Lü took active part in the anti-Manchu military movement that followed the fall of the Ming in 1644. After the failure of the Ming loyalist movement, he became a hermit and a physician. He refused to serve the new dynasty because he argued that upholding the difference between "Hua" and "barbarians" was more important than respecting the righteous bond between minister and sovereign.
Lü Liuliang wrote a famous anti-Qing poem. "The light breeze, however delicate, does not blow on me; the bright moon has never stopped casting its light on folks." (清風雖細難吹我，明月何嘗不照人?) In this poem, the "light breeze" ("qing feng" 清風) contains the character for "Qing" (as in the dynasty), and "bright moon" ("ming yue" 明月) the character for "Ming."

</doc>
<doc id="20363500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363500" title="Carrot 1NT">
Carrot 1NT

The Carrot 1NT is a contract bridge convention, in which a 1NT opening bid shows a balanced hand 13-17 hcp. With 13-14 hcp, the opener may not have a 4-card major. With 15-17 hcp, all balanced hands (including 5-card major) may be opened 1NT.
While originally developed for the Carrot Club system, this opening bid can easily be adopted in any system with a 15-17 1NT-opening.
It combines the preemptive advantage of a weak 1NT-opening when opener lacks majors, with the constructive character of a strong 1NT-opening.
To manage the "wide" hcp-range, a special response-structure has been designed, which distinguishes between "weak" invitational bids (ca 7-9 hcp, inviting the 15-17 hand only) and "strong" invitational bids (10-11 hcp, inviting the 13-14 hand and game-forcing to 15-17):

</doc>
<doc id="20363504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363504" title="Flag of Thuringia">
Flag of Thuringia

Both the civil and state flag of the German state of Thuringia feature a bicolour of white over red, comparable to many other flags such as that of Poland. The design is historical. The state flag is similar to the civil flag, except it is defaced in the centre with the new arms of Thuringia.
Overview.
Like many German state's flags, the most commonly used size commercially is 3:5, although in law it is stated as being 'at least 1:2'.
The civil bicolour flag of white over red was used before World War II, and formally abolished in 1935, under the reforms of the Third Reich. It was readopted 1946 when Thuringia became a state again, and abolished 1952 under governing reforms of the German Democratic Republic. When Germany was reunited, Thuringia became a state again, and so the flag was finally readopted in 1991, having been a much used symbol during the demonstrations in the German Democratic Republic in 1989/90. It was immediately accepted as "Landesflagge" after the reunification and the re-establishment of Thuringia as a state on 3 October 1990. The first legal regulation was the "Gesetz über die Hoheitszeichen" of 30 January 1991.
The new arms of Thuringia are the old arms of the Landgravate of Thuringia, with a couple of alterations. Because of the similarities between Hesse and Thuringia Coats of Arms, the flags appear similar too.

</doc>
<doc id="20363506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363506" title="Luis Medina (athlete)">
Luis Medina (athlete)

Luis Medina Montoya (born June 21, 1952) is a retired middle distance runner from Cuba, who represented his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada. He is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's 800 metres event at the 1975 Pan American Games in Mexico City, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20363523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363523" title="Whempstead">
Whempstead

Whempstead is a hamlet in the parish of Watton-at-Stone, situated north of Hertford and to the south-east of Stevenage in Hertfordshire. It consists of approximately 15 houses and several farms. All of the surrounding landscape is given over to agriculture. It is shown on an 1815 map of Hertfordshire. There is a former chapel now converted to a private house. There was a public house The Gate although this closed in the 1960s. It is close to the villages of Benington and Dane End.

</doc>
<doc id="20363525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363525" title="Europrop International">
Europrop International

Europrop International GmbH (EPI) is a joint venture among four European aero-engine manufacturers, MTU Aero Engines, Snecma, Rolls-Royce, and Industria de Turbo Propulsores. The company's sole product is the Europrop TP400-D6 7970 skW/10,690shp turboprop developed for the Airbus Military A400M.
The EuroProp joint company is an alliance (ownership share in brackets) of:
Workshare on the TP400-D6 engine is split based on the number of aircraft purchased by each of the partner nations.The current shares are: Snecma 32.2% (including work at Techspace Aero), Rolls-Royce 25% (includes work at German operations), MTU 22.2%, ITP 20.6% (includes a Turkish share from TEI who are responsible for the front bearing structure and exhaust nozzle assemblies).
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20363529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363529" title="Philippe Boccara">
Philippe Boccara

Philippe Boccara (born July 6, 1959) is a French-born American sprint canoer who competed from the late 1970s to the early 2000s (decade).
He appeared in six Olympics for France (1980 to 1992) and the United States (1996, 2000).
He won a bronze medal for France in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1984 Olympics with teammates François Barouh, Pascal Boucherit, and Didier Vavasseur.
Boccara also won six medals for the French at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with four golds (K-1 10000 m: 1990, K-2 1000 m: 1985, K-2 10000 m: 1987, 1991), a silver (K-2 1000 m: 1987), and a bronze (K-1 1000 m: 1990).
In 2000, he became the first canoeist to compete at six Olympics. This was matched four years later by German-born Italian Josefa Idem-Guerrini and German Birgit Fischer. (Idem-Guerrini went on in 2008 to become the first canoeist to compete at seven Olympics.)
He is the first French-born athlete to compete at six Olympics. This was matched by legendary French cyclist Jeannie Longo in 2004 and surpassed by her in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20363548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363548" title="Rawalts, Illinois">
Rawalts, Illinois

Rawalts (shown on some maps as Rawalts Station) is a small unincorporated community in Fulton County, Illinois, off the Toledo, Peoria and Western Railway just east of Canton, Illinois. It was surveyed by Jonas Rawalts. It had a train station and a store at one time. It is a predominantly a farming area and the town is almost an eastern suburb of Canton.

</doc>
<doc id="20363554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363554" title="Aleuritic acid">
Aleuritic acid

Aleuritic acid, or α-aleuritic acid, is a major ingredient in shellac, constituting about 35% of it. It is used as a starting material in the perfume industry for the preparation of musk aroma.

</doc>
<doc id="20363558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363558" title="Ian Sawyers">
Ian Sawyers

Ian Sawyers is an American soccer coach.
Sawyers attended Carnegie College, a division of Leeds Metropolitan University in Leeds, England. He played professional soccer for the Rotherham United club. Sawyers became Director of Soccer for the Mission Viejo Soccer Club, a youth soccer program based in Laguna Hills, California, in the late 1980s.
Sawyers then joined the staff of the Stanford University women's soccer program. He was promoted to acting head coach at Stanford in 1993 when former head coach, Berhane Andeberhan, stepped down. During Sawyers' first season of leadership, the Stanford Cardinal earned a program-record 18 wins and reached the Final Four of the NCAA Division I Championship. Over three seasons, Sawyers led the Cardinal to a 50-8-4 record. Sawyers also served as head coach of the Sacramento Storm, a W-League team, from 1993 to 1998.
Sawyers was named head coach of the Bay Area CyberRays later known as the San Jose CyberRays, one of the eight founding member teams in the Women's United Soccer Association. The CyberRays won the inaugural WUSA championship, and Sawyers was named WUSA Coach of the Year for 2001. Sawyers coached the CyberRays for two more seasons, until the WUSA suspended its operations in 2003.
In 2008, Sawyers was named head coach of Sky Blue FC, a Women's Professional Soccer team based in the New York City suburbs of New Jersey and scheduled to play its first match in April 2009. On May 23, 2009, Sky Blue FC announced that Sawyers had been suspended indefinitely due to differences with the organization's ownership.
Personal life.
Julie Foudy and Sawyers have been married since 1995. Their first child Isabel Ann was born in January 2007, and a son named Declan arrived in December 2008. Sawyers and Foudy have jointly conducted youth soccer camps and worked on other soccer-development projects through the Julie Foudy Sports Leadership Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20363571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363571" title="Gastón Díaz">
Gastón Díaz

Gastón Ricardo Díaz (born 13 March 1988) is an Argentine football right back or right winger who plays for Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata in the Argentine Primera División.
Club career.
Díaz made his debut for Vélez Sársfield on February 9, 2008. He featured rarely during the 2008–09 season, being a substitute for Fabián Cubero in the position of right back. However, he finished the second half of the season (2009 Clausura) as a starter as the team's right winger, playing even in the final game against Huracán, when Vélez obtained the national championship. Díaz played a total of 9 games during the team's championship winning campaign. The night subsequent to the championship final, Díaz had a car accident while driving under the influence of alcohol.
Díaz featured more regularly during the 2009–10 Argentine Primera División season and the 2010 Copa Libertadores. He usually played as right back, with Fabián Cubero starting on the right wing.
International career.
Díaz was on the preliminary squad for the 2008 Summer Olympics. However, he was not part of the final selection.
In January 2010, he was called by Argentina's coach Diego Maradona for an Argentine league-based squad to play a friendly match against Costa Rica. Díaz was an unused substitute during the game. In November of that year, he was called by Sergio Batista, Maradona's replacement as Argentina's head coach, for another squad of local league players to train twice weekly with the national representative. He debuted with the national team entering the field in a 4–1 victory over Venezuela, on March 16, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20363573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363573" title="Hyde Park, Kansas City">
Hyde Park, Kansas City

Hyde Park is a historic neighborhood and city park in Kansas City, Missouri.
Neighborhood.
The historic neighborhood is located north/south from Linwood Boulevard (32nd Street) to 47th Street and west/east from Gillham Road to Troost Avenue.
Hyde Park was a watering hole for pioneers heading west on the Santa Fe Trail. A stream and a cave with a natural spring made the area an ideal overnight spot for travelers. 
The neighborhood's history begins in the 1880s. 
Today the Hyde Park Neighborhood Association, a group of Hyde Park residents and business owners, help maintain the area by participating in special projects and landscaping.
City park.
The small neighborhood city park is located from 47th Street to 39th Street on Gillham Road. It is near the former Westport High School.
Notable mentions.
Hyde Park is listed in the National Register of Historic Places database. 
The Bellerive, once a hotel on Armour Boulevard, gained notoriety after opening the Casbah Room, a lounge that attracted headliners such as Billie Holiday and Liberace. 
Walt Disney lived in Hyde Park before moving to California.

</doc>
<doc id="20363576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363576" title="Desdemona Sands Light">
Desdemona Sands Light

Desdemona Sands Light was a lighthouse located on the Pacific coast of the U.S. state of Oregon, at the mouth of the Columbia River to aid navigation of the Columbia Bar.
It was built in 1901
or 1902
as a replacement for Point Adams Light. The Lightship Columbia kept station about offshore.
Its design by Carl Leick is identical to that of Semiahmoo Harbor Light near Blaine, Washington, a -story dwelling built on a cluster of pilings in of water
with a rooftop tower housing the light and a fog signal.
It was one of the last U.S. wooden pile foundation lighthouses built.
A cistern system collected fresh water. Only the lightkeeper was present; there was a small boat to reach the mainland, where the keeper's family lived.
The light was electrified in 1934, eliminating the need for a keeper. It was removed and replaced after World War II by a minor aid on top of a pyramidal structure, which was replaced again in 1955. The light was removed in 1965.
Desdemona Sands is a group of shoals formerly named Chinook Sands. In 1857, the bark "Desdemona" ran aground here and was destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="20363579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363579" title="White Bear Theatre">
White Bear Theatre

The White Bear Theatre Club is a fringe theatre venue, established in 1988 in the White Bear pub in Kennington, London Borough of Lambeth.
Productions.
Previous productions include: Bodyclock (Time Out Critics Choice), Cosi, Dracula (a new musical by Alex Loveless adapted from the original story by Bram Stoker), Life's A Dream, Feathers, The Return of the Soldier, The Card Index, Spin and I Only Want To Be With You.
April 2013 includes Trash by Littleberry Productions. Delve into TRASH - a fantastic new comedy set in the teeming rubbish heap of student life. Join an eclectic bunch of creative housemates as they scrimp and thrift their way through university, encountering teems of hilarious scenes along the way. 
Critical acclaim.
The theatre has been described by London review magazine Time Out as 'Fringe Theatre of the first order, The White Bear must be saluted for staging such work' and Michael Billington from The Guardian was quoted as saying 'Fringe theatre at his best.'
Awards.
The White Bear has received numerous awards including Time Out Best Fringe Venue, Peter Brook Empty Space Award for Best Up and Coming Venue, Carling London Fringe Awards for Best Actor and Best Production.

</doc>
<doc id="20363580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363580" title="Pascal Boucherit">
Pascal Boucherit

Pascal Boucherit (born August 7, 1959) is a French sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Los Angeles in 1984.
Boucherit also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (K-2 1000 m: 1985, K-2 10000 m: 1987, 1991) and a silver (K-2 1000 m: 1987).

</doc>
<doc id="20363584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363584" title="1991 IndyCar season">
1991 IndyCar season

The 1991 IndyCar season, the thirteenth in the CART era of U.S. open-wheel racing, consisted of 18 races, beginning in Surfers Paradise, Queensland, Australia on March 17 and concluding in Monterey, California on October 20. There was one non-championship event, the Marlboro Challenge. The PPG Indy Car World Series Drivers' Champion was Michael Andretti, the Indianapolis 500 & Marlboro 500 winner was Rick Mears. Rookie of the Year was Jeff Andretti. The 75th Indianapolis 500 was sanctioned by the USAC, but counted in the CART points standings.
Drivers and constructors.
The following teams and drivers competed for the 1991 Indy Car World Series.
Full Series Results.
Final driver standings.
Point Scoring System:
Bonus Points:

</doc>
<doc id="20363609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363609" title="Didier Vavasseur">
Didier Vavasseur

Didier Vavasseur (born February 7, 1961) is a French sprint canoer.
Career.
Vavasseur competed in the 1980s. Participating in two Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Los Angeles in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20363615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363615" title="Signy Fardal">
Signy Fardal

Signy Fardal (born 29 August 1961) is a Norwegian magazine editor.
Since 1998 she is the editor-in-chief of the Norwegian version of "Elle". She graduated from the University of Oslo in 1984, worked as a journalist for "Dagbladet" from 1984 to 1986 and for "Dagens Næringsliv" from 1986 to 1998. She also manages the company that publishes "Elle" in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="20363627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363627" title="Bongo–Bagirmi languages">
Bongo–Bagirmi languages

The Bongo–Bagirmi languages are the major branch of the Central Sudanic language family with about forty languages. Principal groups include Bagirmi languages such as Naba and the Sara languages.
Languages.
The Bongo–Bagirmi languages are for the most part poorly studied, and there is little agreement and to their internal classification. The table below is taken from Lionel Bender, as summarized in Blench (2000).
"Ethnologue" subsumes all branches but Bongo–Baka, Kara, and Sinyar under "Sara–Bagirmi", and many of the languages are placed differently from in Bender & Blench.

</doc>
<doc id="20363634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363634" title="Ken Swenson">
Ken Swenson

Kenneth ("Ken") Lloyd Swenson (born April 18, 1948 in Clay Center, Kansas) is a retired middle distance runner from the United States, who represented his native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. 
Swenson is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's 800 metres event at the 1971 Pan American Games in Cali.

</doc>
<doc id="20363638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363638" title="George Groves (boxer)">
George Groves (boxer)

George Groves (born 26 March 1988) is an English boxer. Currently promoted by Matchroom Sport, he is a former amateur champion as well as the former Commonwealth and British titleholder in the super middleweight division.
Amateur career.
George Groves generally fought in the 75 kg category as an amateur and won the Senior ABA championship for his weight in 2006 and 2007. He also fought in championships around the world and won medals in places such as Russia, Estonia, Bosnia, Morocco and the United States. In 2006, he defeated future Olympic champion James DeGale and in total compiled an amateur record of 66 wins out of 76 fights with 40 stoppage victories.
Professional career.
Groves turned professional and joined the Hayemaker Promotions stable. His first fight as a professional took place in November 2008 at The O2 Arena, on the undercard of David Haye's win over Monte Barrett with a six round win over Kirill Pshonko. His next outing in February 2009, saw him score a third round stoppage over Romaric Hignard in a fight at the York Hall in Bethnal Green. He followed the victory up in March defeating Paul Samuels at the Echo Arena in Liverpool, and in April travelled to Belfast to dispose of Sandor Polgar.
In September 2009, following the collapse of Hayemaker's television deal with Setanta Sports, Groves along with Olympic bronze medalist David Price signed a promotional deal with veteran boxing promoter Frank Maloney who described Groves as "one of the world's best prospects". Despite signing for Maloney however, Groves would continue to be managed and trained by Hayemaker's Adam Booth. On 7 November 2009, following two more professional outings, Groves travelled to Germany and fought on the undercard of stablemate David Haye's WBA title win against Nikolai Valuev, defeating experienced the Konstantin Makhankov in his first fight over eight rounds.
British and Commonwealth champion.
Groves' first title opportunity came on 3 April 2010, as part of the undercard of David Haye's first title defence against John Ruiz at the MEN Arena in Manchester. Groves, in only his ninth fight, defeated Charles Adamu via TKO to win the Commonwealth super middleweight title. Groves had dominated the fight, knocking Adamu down once in the first and twice in the fourth before the referee stepped in with nine seconds remaining in the sixth. Groves followed up the win by travelling to Las Vegas in order to gain some higher-profile experience and to fight on the undercard of Juan Manuel Marquez vs. Juan Diaz II on 31 July 2010. Groves' opponent, Alfredo Contreras, had a record of eleven wins and seven losses going into the fight, but nonetheless represented a higher level of international journeyman than those Groves had already beaten. The fight was stopped in the sixth round after the referee decided that Contreras was not sufficiently answering back with punches.
On 13 November 2010, Groves made the first defence of his title beating former Commonwealth Games gold medalist Kenny Anderson in the sixth round. The fight, on the undercard of David Haye's world title clash with Audley Harrison at the MEN Arena, resulted in a career first knockdown for Groves as he endured his toughest fight to date. On 5 March 2011, Groves defeated Daniel Adotey Allotey at the Huddersfield Leisure Centre, winning by stoppage in the fourth round of what was an eight-round non-title fight. Following the bout Groves said that the fight had been preparation for a potential future clash with British champion and old foe James DeGale, a fight he predicted that he would win. He said "Whether it comes by knockout or points, I don't really care. He knows that I've got his number and he's going to struggle to sleep in the preparation for this fight because he is going to have to be on his brain all the time." On 21 May 2011 at the O2 Arena in London, Groves and DeGale met in a highly anticipated grudge match for the Commonwealth and British super middleweight titles. Groves was declared the winner by majority decision after twelve closely fought rounds. Two judges scored the fight 115–114 in favour of Groves, with another scoring the fight even at 115–115.
Changing promoter.
A rematch between DeGale and Groves became a possibility when Frank Warren, DeGale's promoter, announced that he had signed Groves to his stable on a three-year deal. Warren said, "It is an obvious fight that will definitely happen again", adding "The last fight was very close and a few observers felt that it could have gone either way". Despite leaving the Hayemaker promotional stable, Groves' manager and trainer Adam Booth announced that the decision to join Frank Warren was in the best interests of Groves' career. In his first fight with Warren on 5 November 2011, Groves beat former British champion Paul Smith in two rounds at the Wembley Arena in London to retain his British and Commonwealth titles.
Froch vs. Groves.
In mid-2013 the IBF installed Groves as the mandatory challenger to titleholder Carl Froch, with a bout between them taking place on 23 November 2013 at the Phones4u Arena in Manchester; both Froch's IBF and WBA super middleweight titles were on the line. On 17 September, it was announced that Groves had parted ways with trainer Adam Booth. In the fight, Froch stopped Groves in the ninth round amidst controversial circumstances. Groves was ahead on all three judges' scorecards, having dropped the champion in the first round with a hard counter right hand. Many observers at ringside, including fellow boxers Haye and Amir Khan, remarked that referee Howard Foster had stepped in too quickly during an exchange in which both fighters landed heavy punches. Given the controversial nature of the stoppage, there were immediate calls for a rematch.
Froch vs. Groves II.
A rematch between Groves and Froch will take place on 31 May 2014 at Wembley Stadium. Froch was quoted that the fight is what the "British public want to see" and that was his reason for taking the option to give Groves a rematch. As in the first fight, Froch's IBF and WBA super middleweight titles will be on the line. Carl Froch was made the favourite for the fight.

</doc>
<doc id="20363643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363643" title="Southwest Florida Council">
Southwest Florida Council

Southwest Florida Council serves Collier, Lee, Charlotte, Manatee, Sarasota, and parts of DeSoto and Hendry counties. The Southwest Florida Council was chartered in July 1968, and based on membership and units, it ranks 46th out of 306 councils in the United States. The Southwest Florida Council is a geographic area divided into four districts that include Charlotte, Collier, DeSoto, Hendry, Lee, Manatee, Sarasota Counties. The council has an executive board of volunteers and a staff of professionals.
The council accomplishes its mission by making its program available to chartered organizations; existing organizations that have compatible goals. These groups include religious, educational, civic fraternal, business, labor, and governmental bodies. The Council supports chartered organizations by providing materials and certain facilities, such as camps. The Chartered Organizations organize the packs and troops.
Camps.
Dr. Franklin Miles Camp.
Camp Miles is located on the site of Price-Sanders Scout Reservation.
Camp Flying Eagle.
Camp Flying Eagle was founded in 1929. Camp Flying Eagle is located in near Bradenton, Florida.
Osceola Lodge.
Osceola Lodge is one of eight Order of the Arrow Lodges in Section S-4 (All of Florida, except the Panhandle and Georgia. Osceola Lodge was founded in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20363695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363695" title="Sugarville, Illinois">
Sugarville, Illinois

Sugarville was a community near Put Creek in Joshua Township, Fulton County, Illinois. It once had several houses, a blacksmith shop, and a general store. It no longer exists today.
The Geographic Names Information System lists it only as part of an alias for Moore Cemetery in Joshua Township.
Skeeter Bonn (Junior Lewis Boughan) was born in Sugarville; he moved to Canton when he was 13. In the 1950s, he was a country music performer on several national radio shows, including the WLS "National Barn Dance".

</doc>
<doc id="20363709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363709" title="Bente Engesland">
Bente Engesland

Bente Engesland (born 5 April 1962) is a Norwegian magazine editor.
She was the editor-in-chief of "Kvinner og Klær" from 2005 to 2008. She started her career working part-time in the Norwegian News Agency in 1983, and was a journalist in "Aftenposten" from 1985 to 1997. She graduated from the University of Oslo as cand.polit. in 1989. She worked in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation from 1997 to 2004, and as a consultant in Burston-Marsteller from 2004 to 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20363737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363737" title="Fábio Bala">
Fábio Bala

Fábio Pereira de Oliveira (born 30 September 1981 in Manaus), more commonly known as Fábio Bala, is a professional Brazilian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20363739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363739" title="Tom Murphy (athlete)">
Tom Murphy (athlete)

Thomas ("Tom") Joseph Murphy (born November 21, 1935 in Brooklyn, New York) is a former middle distance runner from the United States, who represented his native country at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy. He is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's 800 metres event at the 1959 Pan American Games in Chicago.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20363744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363744" title="Aleksandr Motuzenko">
Aleksandr Motuzenko

Aleksandr Motuzenko (born July 11, 1967) is a Soviet-born Ukrainian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s. At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, he won a silver medal in the K-4 1000 m event. 
Motuzenko also won six medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (K-4 500 m: 1987, 1989, 1990), two silver (K-4 500 m: 1986, K-4 1000 m: 1990), and a bronze (K-4 1000 m: 1987).

</doc>
<doc id="20363745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363745" title="Movement for Italy">
Movement for Italy

Movement for Italy ("Movimento per l'Italia", MpI) was a short-lived conservative political party in Italy (2008–2009) which later functioned as a faction within The People of Freedom (PdL), a much larger centre-right party led by Silvio Berlusconi.
In September 2008 Daniela Santanchè, spokeswoman of The Right and candidate for Prime Minister in the 2008 general election, left the party, after having fallen out with secretary Francesco Storace. Santanchè opposed Storace's political line and instead proposed an alliance with the PdL. In November Santanchè launched her own party, which was to join the PdL soon, but not as a founding component. Also The Right eventually joined the PdL-led alliance, without joining it.

</doc>
<doc id="20363755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363755" title="Rayak Air Base">
Rayak Air Base

Rayak Air Base ( "Kaidat Rayak al-jawiya") is Lebanon's first air base and the place where the Lebanese Air Force was born on June 1, 1949. Located in the middle of the Bekaa Valley to the east, between the towns of Zahlé and Anjar, it symbolizes the Lebanese Air Force best and home for most of the aircraft types that have seen service and the final resting place for almost all retiring planes.
The airbase was built prior to the Lebanon's independence, and has been in use since 1914 by different foreign armies such as the German, Ottoman, British and the French.
History.
Rayak Air Base was constructed and used by the Germans in World War I. After the allies took hold of this base, they enlarged the it and French aviation in addition to flight specialists started training a number of Lebanese personnel on aircraft mechanics. On August 1, 1945, Lebanon took hold of its army together with the Battalion of the first airbase (Rayak).
During the French Mandate of Lebanon, Rayak Air base was considered to be the "jewel" of the Air bases and the center of attraction of all other military units, not only in Lebanon but also in mandated Syria and all the near east. The base had many entertainment facilities, luxuries, flowering gardens, and central heating, which at that time were not found in military sites elsewhere in the region. 
The French Air Force evacuated the base in 1949, and it was abandoned for a long time, which contributed in turning it into a miserable condition, especially after being robbed by its own guards. The army command later decided to rebuilt the air base, a reconstruction that took two months and which included the construction of new buildings and infrastructure. 
The first officers assigned to the base were:
Recruitment started with one hundred personnel, many of those who already had experience with the French.
The first course students' included:
Facilities.
An administration building, several hangars (most of which built during the French Mandate of Lebanon), a control tower, officers club, houses, parachutes tower, barracks, and workshops make up the airport. In addition, both runways are equipped with Low Intensity Runway Lights (LIRL) lighting system.
Aviation School & Technical School.
The airbase is the home of the Lebanese Air Force Aviation School which trains air force pilots. The school currently employs Robinson Raven R44 II helicopters for these training purposes.
The Lebanese Air Force Technical school is also located at Rayak Air Base, its goal is to qualify technician for the whole air force.
Lebanon Air Force Museum.
Rayak Air Base is also home to the Lebanese Air Force Museum, as it contains all of the old aircraft and the majority of grounded aircraft. The museum is not open to public, however, and visitors must obtain permission to visit from air force authorities.
The museum displays:
The museum comprises one hangar and is intended to become a public museum in the future.
Hawker Hunters.
Lebanon's Hawker Hunter jets, much like the rest of its grounded fixed-wing jets, are stored at Rayak. In 2007 the LAF begun the process of restoring the Hunters to airworthy condition. Initially these were to be used against the Fatah al-Islam terrorist group which the army was battling during the Nahr el-Bared Operation, yet this operation ended before the air force was able to complete their restoration. During November 2008, the air force successfully made three hunters operational, and displayed them during Lebanon's 65th independence anniversary on November 22, 2008. The base has always been considered to be the home of those hunters, however during the eighties the hunters had to move to Hallat strip due to the close proximity of the air base to Syria. The hunters later returned to the base, yet were grounded during 1994. All fights during 2008, after restoration, were carried from this base.
Attacks.
Like the rest of Lebanon's airports, the runways at Rayak were bombed by the Israeli Air Force on July 13 2006, during the 2006 Lebanon War. A bomb on each runway was sufficient to punch deep holes and render the airport disabled.

</doc>
<doc id="20363772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363772" title="Fernando Tobio">
Fernando Tobio

Fernando Omar Tobio (born October 18, 1989) is an Argentine football central defender currently playing for Vélez Sársfield.
Club career.
Tobio made his debut for Vélez Sársfield on March 1, 2008. In 2009, he was part of the squad that won the Clausura tournament, though he did not play any games. He did however play 8 games in Vélez' following league title, the 2011 Clausura, mainly as a backup for the starting centre backs Sebastián Domínguez and Fernando Ortiz. He also finished the tournament as a starter, replacing injured Fabián Cubero as a right full back; and played 5 games in the 2011 Copa Libertadores, scoring one goal in the semi-finals against Peñarol.
After Fernando Ortiz's departure from Vélez following the 2011–12 season, Tobio became a regular starter in Vélez's first team, playing alongside Sebastián Domínguez as centre backs, and helping the team obtain the 2012 Inicial league title.
International.
In January 2009, Tobio was called for the Argentina under-20 squad that played the South American Youth Championship in Venezuela. He played all 9 games as the team finished 6th, failing to qualify for the U-20 World Cup.
In November 2010, Tobio was selected as part of an Argentine league squad to train twice weekly with the Argentine national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20363788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363788" title="Sangrampur">
Sangrampur

Sangrampur may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20363803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363803" title="John Bilsborrow">
John Bilsborrow

Rt Rev John Bilsborrow was bishop of the Roman Catholic diocese of Salford, in England, from 1892 to 1903.
Bilsborrow was born in Singleton, Lancashire on 20 March 1836. He was ordained priest on 26 February 1865 at the age of 28. He went on to teach at St Joseph's College in Upholland, West Lancashire before being appointed the third Bishop of Salford on 15 July 1892. He was ordained bishop on 24 August of the same year. He remained bishop of the Diocese until his death on 5 Mar 1903 at the age of 67.

</doc>
<doc id="20363809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363809" title="Bybee, Illinois">
Bybee, Illinois

Bybee is a former settlement in Fulton County, Illinois. The small settlement was about south-southwest of Fairview and west-northwest of Canton.
The community was laid out by David Bybee on a narrow gauge railway: probably the Fulton County Narrow Gauge Railroad that operated from 1880 to the 1920s. That railway was turned into standard gauge around 1910. In 1905, two trains per day passed through Bybee; by 1913, only one train a day. There was a school, store, and train stop on the narrow gauge rail. There is a small cemetery near where this community used to exist. The track was torn out of this area when the narrow gauge company discontinued service between Galesburg and Fairview, Illinois.
The name Bybee is in four nearby geographic features in the Geographic Names Information System: the settlement (422523), a station (1802152) to the east, and two entries (405312 and 1984238) that appear to be the same cemetery west of the settlement, all along Cypress Road just south of Turkey Creek. There is also another cemetery (1773316) with the name Bybee, east-southeast of the settlement in Banner Township.

</doc>
<doc id="20363817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363817" title="Sergey Kirsanov">
Sergey Kirsanov

Sergey Kirsanov (Сергій Кірсанов) (born January 2, 1963, Ukraine) is a Soviet and Ukrainiansprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Seoul in 1988.
Kirsanov also won seven medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (K-4 500 m: 1987, 1989, 1990), two silvers (K-4 500 m: 1986, K-4 1000 m: 1990), and two bronzes (K-4 500 m: 1991, K-4 1000 m: 1987).

</doc>
<doc id="20363845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363845" title="Ponchartrain Apartments">
Ponchartrain Apartments

The Ponchartrain Apartments was an apartment building located at 1350 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It was also known as the Renaissance Apartments. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985, but subsequently demolished.
Description.
The Ponchartrain Apartment building was a four-story red brick structure sitting atop a limestone foundation. Window sills, coping, and a belt course between the first and second stories were also constructed of limestone. The entrance sat in an arched opening flanked by ornamental pilasters supporting the lintel. Swags and urns decorate the entablature, and urns also grace the stone relief panels beneath the end windows.
History.
The Ponchartrain Apartments were built in 1920 at a cost of $195,000. The building went through a succession of owners, and was renamed the Monticello Apartment Hotel in 1926, the Shorecrest Apartments in 1949, and the Renaissance Apartments in 1981. The building has been demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="20363874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363874" title="Hans-Jörg Bliesener">
Hans-Jörg Bliesener

Hans-Jörg Bliesener (born April 6, 1966) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. He won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
Bliesener also won two silver medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships, earning them in the K-2 500 m (1985) and K-4 1000 m (1986).

</doc>
<doc id="20363881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363881" title="František Mrázek">
František Mrázek

František Mrázek () (1 February 1958 – 25 January 2006 in Prague) was a controversial Czech entrepreneur, often referred to as the "Godfather of Czech Organized Crime". Mrázek covertly influenced the Czech politics for almost twenty years. In 2006 he was assassinated by a (still unknown) sniper. Most of the publicly available information about his criminal activities and contacts with the politicians leaked from police archives (which include wiretapping records and Mrázek's own collection of blackmail material) after his death. These sources suspect he was involved in over 30 murders.
Communist Czechoslovakia.
Mrázek set up a smuggling business during the communist era. He "dealt" in a variety of articles including wristwatches, walkmans and textiles of Western origin, and even with gravestones from Czech Jewish cemeteries. He was also involved in the criminal underground of the Kolín region as his name appeared in the circles of foreign currency speculators (in Czech: "veksláci"). In 1986 Mrázek spent two months in custody and was subsequently sentenced to probation. In February 1987, Mrázek consented to cooperate with the criminal investigation department of Czechoslovak police. However, he himself was under surveillance of the police team "Omega".
Post-revolution.
Following the Velvet Revolution (1989) Mrázek at first focused on voucher privatization. Together with his business partners, he took the opportunity offered by the chaotic situation at the beginning of Czech economic transformation, and laundered the dirty money from the past. He later focused his business activities with real estate. Obtaining loans from Czech banks, often through the third party, Mrázek specialized in the buying and reselling of realities. He dealt with buildings that were fraudulently overvalued, earning hundreds of millions in Czech currency. He established many similar companies owned by so-called "white horses" (bogus owners, usually with Russian names). He later transferred his assets to other firms in order to cover these fraudulent activities. The Czech police investigated his suspicions activities, however, case was closed inconclusive as Mrázek was not legally involved in any of the firms. From 1991 to 1994 František Mrázek managed to wring an astronomical amount of money from Czech banks - more than 1.14 billion Czech crowns. 
At the beginning of 1990´s, Mrázek, together with renowned Czech singer Karel Gott, established the foundation "Interpo", dedicated to helping children of police officers killed in the line of duty. Gott however withdrew from the collaboration when the foundation became suspected of dishonest financial transactions . Gott later stated that he "hadn't noticed Mrázek's connections with organized crime".
Mrázek socialized with many controversial entrepreneurs such as Tomáš Pitr and Miroslav Provod, both later convicted for tax fraud. In 2000 Česká televize (Czech public television broadcaster) aired a report on Mrázek and Provod with information about their connections to the bankruptcy of several small banks and the big Czech bank, IPB. 
In January 2000 Mrázek joined developer Luděk Sekyra in an attempt to acquire major Czech construction company IPS.
Influence on Czech politics.
Mrázek, together with another entrepreneur Tomáš Pitr, was considered the head of the financial group which controlled large chemical conglomerate "SETUZA" and the oil company "Český olej" (Czech oil). This group attempted (not only in connection with "SETUZA") to influence the discharge of Czech government for its own benefit. He was also involved in the case of "resolution of the Russian debt", later called "the Czech fiddle of the century". He helped to arrange meetings between Czech and Russian politicians in that case. Russia owed the Czech Republic approximately 170 billion Czech crowns. Former Czech Minister of Finance Ivo Svoboda negotiated the selling of the debt with Austrian entrepreneur Barak Alon and also with Mrázek. The Czech government later signed an opaque contract with the corporation Falkon owned by Georgian entrepreneurs. Later, this corporation was also influenced by people connected with the former communist regime and former secret police department. Russian government rendered about 50 billion Czech crowns, however, after opaque financial and bank operations only 20 billion came to Prague.
Mrázek's connections with Czech politics are documented on police wiretaps. He was under surveillance of Czech anti-corruption police team many times; the largest police action oriented to his person was called "Krakatice" (Giant Squid), established in 1999 to investigate relations between Czech politicians and groups of organized crime. The case was closed in 2002 and information contained in it didn't help prove any allegations. However, shortly before Czech Parliament elections in 2006 some information from a file concerning contacts between Mrázek's close collaborator Igor Šafranko and politician Vlastimil Tlustý (former Czech Minister of Finance) spread to the public. Tlustý later stated that he wasn't involved in either corruption or organized crime, and he broke his contacts with negotiator Šafranko. 
František Mrázek was in long-term contact with Miroslav Šlouf, the chief-consultant of former Czech Prime Minister Miloš Zeman. He also attempted to influence other Members of Czech Parliament including Ivan Langer, current Minister of the Interior and Informatics of Czech Republic. Langer later stated that he wasn't in connection with Mrázek, and he rejected all speculations as ""nonsense"".
Mrázek was never accused or sentenced after 1989. 
Assassination.
An attempt to murder Mrázek occurred in 2002. He was wounded, but survived (and since then used armoured car). Later, on the Czech television report "Na stopě", Mrázek offered a two-million Czech crown reward for information leading to the attacker. 
On 25 January 2006, František Mrázek was shot and killed by an unknown assailant in Durychova Street, Prague 4, in front of the seat of his firms and companies. Only one shot was used and Mrázek died almost immediately. The investigation into his death was postponed until December, 2006 and remains unsolved. According to the police investigation, he was shot with a sniper rifle by a professional assassin; the assassination was carefully and professionally planned.
Post-death.
Jaroslav Kmenta, the chief-reporter of the Czech daily newspaper "Mladá Fronta Dnes", published information on František Mrázek in three books. The reliability of his investigation was however questioned and on 21 November 2008 Kmenta stated: ""...in agreement with the editor-in-chief, I published only absolutely verified information, derived from various sources"". The 2008 book "Kmotr Kmenta" ("The Godfather Kmenta") by Přemysl Svora was published in response to the controversy.
The case of František Mrázek ("Krakatice") wasn't investigated properly, even though three police chiefs and ministers were replaced in their posts. It is entirely possible that police and investigators worked under immense pressure and were forced to stop the investigation. According to "Mladá Fronta Dnes" the problem is that the file contains many names of prominent politicians of both leading parties in the Czech Republic: Civic Democratic Party and Czech Social Democratic Party. Former Czech premier Mirek Topolánek stated on 15 September 2008 in the Czech newspaper "Hospodářské noviny": ""The police and secret services - at least a part of them - may have wanted to resolve this case, but they were silenced or intimidated.""
In February 2009 Karel Tichý, former elite detective of the Czech anti-corruption police, claimed that he wanted to speak publicly about the circumstances of alleged interconnection between organized crime and Czech politicians. However, Ivan Langer, the current Czech Minister of the Interior and Informatics, manifested that he would refuse his request. Tichý himself has been interrogated many times by the secret police since 1995.
The case was definitively closed on 27 May 2009. Mrázek's murderer wasn't found.
Mrázek's son Michal, who inherited father's wealth, publicly warned Czech politicians he has access to a hidden archive of compromising material collected by his father.
Law against publishing wiretapping records.
In February 2009 Czech parliament amended criminal law with explicit ban on publishing any account of police wiretapping, under heavy fine and years of imprisonment. The law was criticised by the Czech media as an attempt of politicians to avoid future embarrassments as in Mrázek's case.
In popular culture.
The Story of a Godfather (Czech: "Příběh kmotra"), an upcoming Czech film directed by Petr Nikolaev, is inspired by the story of František Mrázek. The movie will premiere on 24 October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20363894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363894" title="Wade Bell">
Wade Bell

Charles Wade Bell (born January 3, 1945 in Ogden, Utah) is a former middle distance runner from the United States, who competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. He is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's 800 metres event at the 1967 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Canada.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20363927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363927" title="Mario Von Appen">
Mario Von Appen

Mario Von Appen (sometimes listed as Mario von Appen or Mario van Appen, born July 31, 1965 in Hamburg) is a German sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s. At the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, he won a gold medal in the K-4 1000 m event. 
Von Appen also won six medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (K-4 1000 m and K-4 10000 m: both 1993), three silvers (K-4 500 m: 1989, 1993, 1995), and a bronze (K-4 1000 m: 1994).

</doc>
<doc id="20363936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363936" title="Robbah District">
Robbah District

Robbah is a district in El Oued Province, Algeria. As of the 2008 census, it has a population of 40,719.
Robbah District is situated south of the capital of the wilaya, El Oued. Robbah is a major town in the district. It is surrounded by some small villages such as El Khobna, Nakhla, El Aquila and El Ogla. These villages are widely known for agriculture and animal breeding. Most people in this district are Arabs, coming from the Arab peninsula.
Communes.
Robbah District consists of three communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20363942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363942" title="Whoops">
Whoops

Whoops, Whoop, Woops or Woop can refer to:
In entertainment:
Other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="20363977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363977" title="Oliver Kegel">
Oliver Kegel

Oliver Kegel (born June 14, 1961) is a West German-German sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a gold medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Barcelona in 1992.
Kegel also won eight medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with four golds (K-4 500 m: 1991, K-4 1000 m: 1993, K-4 10000 m: 1991, 1993), two silvers (K-4 500 m: 1993, K-4 1000 m: 1991), and two bronzes (K-4 1000 m: 1994, K-4 10000 m: 1987).

</doc>
<doc id="20364022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364022" title="PuSh International Performing Arts Festival">
PuSh International Performing Arts Festival

The PuSh International Performing Arts Festival is a mid-winter performing arts festival held over 20 days in Vancouver, British Columbia each January. The Festival attracts local, national and international artists to Vancouver audiences, presented through theatre, dance, music, various forms of multimedia and hybrid performance at venues in and around Vancouver. The PuSh Festival is curated to stimulate Vancouver artists and audiences with contemporary performance that is multi-disciplined, startling and original.
Overview.
PuSh Festival.
Vision.
PuSh aims to be a festival of national importance—artistically respected, greatly anticipated and highly valued as a catalyst for cultural and community development.
Mission.
The PuSh International Performing Arts Festival engages and enriches audiences with adventurous contemporary works in a spirit of innovation and dialogue.
Origins of the name.
The PuSh Festival was named by Board member, Lainé Slater, in 2003 to describe the festival's credo to deliver unconventional boundary-pushing work to local Vancouver audiences.
Club PuSh.
Club PuSh is PuSh Festival's "Festival within the Festival", presented by Theatre Conspiracy. It is a less formal, less traditional space at Performance Works designed as the intimate and dynamic social hub of the festival. Club PuSh features experimental marquee acts, as well as an social gathering space for festival attendees to mingle and network. On Friday nights during the PuSh Festival, Marquee Acts are followed by "Late Nights at Club PuSh". Late Nights at Club PuSh feature live music, dj sets and other acts.
Established in 2009, the 2014 PuSh Festival's Club PuSh was co-curated by Norman Armour, Tim Carlson and Veda Hille.
History.
2003 Foundation.
The PuSh Festival was co-founded in 2003 by Katrina Dunn of Touchstone Theatre and Norman Armour of Rumble Productions.
2005 PuSh Festival.
In 2005, the organization of the festival was formalized with the creation of a formal board of directors and advisors and by being registered as a charitable organization.
2008 PuSh Festival.
Over 23,000 people attended the 2008 festival. Visiting presenters from across Canada and around the world were in attendance for the Assembly networking event to view performances, talk and do business.
2009 PuSh Festival.
The 2009 PuSh Festival took place from January 20 to February 8, and offered works from across Canada, England, Japan and New Zealand. A total of 136 performances took place at 16 venues across the city and the attendance was more than 24,000.
2014 PuSh Festival.
The 2014 PuSh Festival took place January 14 to February 2, 2014 during which, over 150 performances and events were held at 15 venues across Vancouver, including the Vancouver Playhouse, SFU Woodwards and the York Theatre. The 2014 PuSh Festival included works from 310 artists and companies from Canada, England, Germany, Ireland, Lebanon, Portugal, and the United States. Feature events included the 10th Anniversary Opening Gala performance and party; 20 Main Stage shows spanning theatre, dance, music and multimedia performance; 17 PuSh Conversations with artists pre- and post-performances; three weeks of startling, experimental performances at Club PuSh; a film series; the PuSh Assembly for arts industry; Patrons Circle donor events; and dinner/theatre packages with Dine Out Vancouver. In 2014, PuSh Festival hosted two Artists-in-Residence in partnership with grunt gallery and the Contemporary Art Gallery (Vancouver) for the first time. The international visiting artists Rabih Mroué of Lebanon and Tim Etchells of England were invited to present their work which crossed visual, theatre and literary forms.
Total attendance numbers reached almost 24,000, with an average house capacity of 79% for performances and 37 sold-out events. The Festival sold out 400 PuSh passes to loyal PuSh patrons by the end of December and launched its inaugural PuSh Youth Passport program, allowing 266 young people aged 16 to 24 to see select performances for discounted ticket prices.
The 2014 Accessible PuSh program issued 375 tickets to community groups to attend performances for free.
A dedicated roster of over 181 volunteers worked more than 2,400 hours in support of the Festival.
2015 PuSh Festival.
The next edition of the PuSh International Performing Arts Festival takes place January 20 to February 8, 2015. Program to be announced in early November.

</doc>
<doc id="20364023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364023" title="Arnie Sowell">
Arnie Sowell

Arnold ("Arnie") M. Sowell (born April 6, 1935 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is a former middle distance runner from the United States, who represented his native country at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia. Here he finished fourth in the 800 m, but did receive a gold medal in the 4x400 m relay for being a non-running member of the winning USA squad. (Thane Baker, a fellow Olympic gold medallist, has spoken about how he and Sowell might have each other's gold medals because they lost which was which as they were being handed around the bus back to the Olympic Village.)
He is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's 800 metres event during the 1955 Pan American Games in Mexico City. Sowell also set the world indoor record for the 880-yard run in 1957 at 1:50.3 s and tied the world record for the 1,000 yards of 2:08.2 s in 1955.
He was recognised as a very versatile and talented runner who could run a variety of distances, and even hurdle and long jump., One track coach, George Eastment, described him as the "greatest runner I ever saw"., another Carl Olson felt he could break the four-minute mile. During his career he had a particular rivalry with his fellow countryman and middle-distance runner, Tom Courtney, the two swapping victories and being involved in many memorable duels. One duel was the 1956 Olympic trials where Courtney held off Sowell to finish 1st and 2nd with Courtney in the process breaking Sowell's USA record (of 1:46.7)that he had achieved at that year's NCAA meet.
In the Olympic final itself Sowell led from the back straight of the first lap right up to the final turn of the final lap where he was passed by Courtney. As they entered the final straight, Coutney now ahead had his own battle with Derek Johnson who had also passed Sowell, but Sowell now had to contend with the challenge of Audun Boysen. Courtney was to win his battle with Johnson and finish first, but Sowell lost his and finished fourth. 
Sowell was good runner indoors as well as outdoors, winning 4 NCAA titles and establishing a world record for the 880 yards at 1:50.3 s.
In 1956, Sowell was a member of teams that set world records in the 4 x 440y and 4 x 880y relays.
The son of a Pittsburgh city-council maintenance man, and a 1953 graduate of Schenley High School, Arnie Sowell attended the University of Pittsburgh where he was a successful member of the Pitt Panthers track and field team.
Whilst at Pitt, Sowell ran successfully for his college, winning the 1954 and 1956 880 yards NCAA titles.
In 2007, Sowell was one of the guests of honour at a celebration of fellow Olympian and Pitt alumnus Herb Douglas on his 85th birthday at a celebration at the Senator John Heinz History Center, Pittsburgh.
After leaving college in 1957 with a business degree, Sowell embarked on a career in the military, finally retiring with the rank of lieutenant colonel in 1980. Also after graduation, Sowell married a fellow Pitt graduate of that year, Barbara Peace, who had studied arts and sciences. Sowells admittance in 1957 to the Fort Benning U.S. Army Training School as a second lieutenant was viewed as newsworthy at the time.
Sowell continued his running career into 1959 as a representative of the US Army.
Sowell was a prize-winning athlete during his time at Pitt, winning the annual 'Charles C. Hartwig' award in 1956
Sowell has never been forgotten as a famous alumnus of Pitt and as a distinguished member of the African-American community. For this he has received accolades from the African American Alumni Council (AAAC) and the 1996 Award of Distinction by the Varsity Letter Club.
After the military, Sowell worked as a procurement director for the Charlotte (North Carolina) Housing Authority.
Rankings.
Sowell was ranked among the best in the USA and the world at 800 metres/880 yards from 1954 to 1957, according to the votes of the experts of "Track and Field News".
USA Championships.
Sowell was a very successful competitor at 800 metres/880 yards at the USA National Track and Field Championships between 1955 and 1958.:
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20364027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364027" title="135 Express">
135 Express

The 135 Express is an express line in Metro Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It connects Burrard Station on the SkyTrain system to the SFU Loop on Simon Fraser University campus. It is operated by the Coast Mountain Bus Company and funded by TransLink. The route follows Hastings Street and Burnaby Mountain Parkway through Vancouver and Burnaby.
The line carried 19,600 passengers on weekdays in 2011.
TransLink had plans to upgrade the line to a B-Line bus rapid transit line as the 95 B-Line in 2011, but they were abandoned due to insufficient funding.

</doc>
<doc id="20364052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364052" title="The Venetian Macao Tennis Showdown">
The Venetian Macao Tennis Showdown

The Venetian Macao Tennis Showdown, was the grand finale of a three-leg Sampras Vs Federer Asia exhibition match tour, which included Seoul, Korea on November 20, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia on November 22.
On November 20, Sampras lost the first of the three exhibition matches in Asia against Roger Federer losing 6–4, 6–3 in Seoul, Korea. Two days later in Kuala Lumpur (The Clash of Times), Sampras again lost to Federer, 7–6(6), 7–6(5). However, Sampras was able to win the last match of the series (The Venetian Macao Tennis Showdown), winning 7–6(6), 6–4.
Format Of The Venetian Macao Tennis Showdown 2007: (Saturday November 24th, 2007)
2008.
John McEnroe, Björn Borg, Roger Federer and James Blake. Four champions across two eras faced off in this tennis spectacular. It was the second group of challenge matches held in Macao (on November 20), the first being the Showdown of Champions format held in Kuala Lumpur on 18 November.
Format Of The Venetian Macao Tennis Showdown 2008: (Thursday, November 20, 2008, Cotai Strip CotaiArena, Macao)
John McEnroe Vs Björn Borg
Roger Federer Vs James Blake
Björn Borg/Roger Federer Vs John McEnroe/James Blake
The final results were:

</doc>
<doc id="20364062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364062" title="St Mabyn Parish Church">
St Mabyn Parish Church

St Mabyn Church is a Grade I listed late 15th-century Church of England parish church in St Mabyn, Cornwall, United Kingdom. The church is dedicated to Saint Mabyn or Mabena, who was regarded in local tradition as one of the many children of Brychan, a Welsh saint and King of Brycheiniog in the 5th century.
History.
The current church replaced an earlier one also dedicated to Mabyn. Mabyn is listed alongside several other local saints with churches dedicated to them in the 12th-century "Life of Saint Nectan", suggesting that the earlier church had already been established at that time.
A dendrochronology report gives construction dates of 1513–35 for the north aisle, 1485–1514 for the nave, and 1487–1523 for the porch. A song to the patron saint was sung at the dedication. Built in the Perpendicular style, with possible Norman origins, it consists of a chancel, nave and north and south aisles. Several monuments were removed by Rev Granville Leveson-Gower in 1818 and some restoration occurred in 1884; it was re-seated and repaved in 1889. The building is of ashlar slate stone on a moulded plinth and wall plate, rag slate roofs with gable ends. The arcades each have seven four-centred arches of granite, supported by monolith granite pillars with sculpted capitals of St Stephens porcelain stone.
The tower of three stages is 85 feet in height, with a battlemented parapet and crocketted finials, the top stage is decorated with four carved figures, possibly the Four Evangelists. There is a piscina (used to cleanse sacred vessels after mass at the high altar) on the north side and the remains of rood loft stairs, now built up. In the south aisle is a second piscina and a priest's doorway. The font is one of Norman table-top type: it has a circular basin, hollowed in a square block decorated with blind arcade set on a round ornamented shaft.
The earliest recorded Priest in charge was Roger de Worlegan in 1267. Charles Peters, rector 1726-75, was recognized as the finest Hebrew scholar in Europe; his "Dissertation on the Book of Job" was published in 1751.
The register dates from the year 1562.
A credence table which survives in the church may originally have been the panel of a tomb raised in Mabena's honour. It is possible that all her sisters had tombs erected for them.
One of the stained glass windows is a memorial to Francis John Hext, of Tredethy, who died in January, 1803, and Margaret (Lang), his wife who died in March, 1794.
A church clock was installed in 1950. The belfry has a ring of eight bells that allows 5,030 changes to be rung.
Canon David John Elkington is the current Reverend

</doc>
<doc id="20364071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364071" title="Sha'ar LaMathil">
Sha'ar LaMathil

Sha’ar LaMatchil (in Hebrew שער למתחיל, "Gateway for the Beginner"), is a weekly Israeli newspaper written in easy Hebrew. Publication has ceased as of April 2012 and it remains unclear if and when the paper will return.
The weekly was founded in 1956 by the "Department for Language Endowment" of the Israeli Ministry of Education. The newspaper is intended for olim and other newcomers to Israel who are learning the Hebrew Language, and is also designed for those who are studying Hebrew at an ulpan. The newspaper addresses many different topics in varying degrees of language complexity. It is written with nikudot and a large typeface, 
The newspaper is edited in Tel Aviv, and is part of the Yediot Ahronot publishing group.
History.
The newspaper was founded in the 1950s and initially comprised two separate newspapers: "Gateway" and "To Begin." In 1978 the two newspapers were combined under a new name. The newspaper was originally published by the Jerusalem Post before it was transferred to Yedioth Ahronot.
Digital Edition.
In January 2009, Sha’ar La’Matchil launched an online version.
In addition to written articles, the digital edition contains audio files of selected articles, which are recorded in clear Hebrew to help learners of the language.

</doc>
<doc id="20364090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364090" title="Bokashi (printing)">
Bokashi (printing)

Bokashi (Japanese: ぼかし) is a technique used in Japanese woodblock printmaking. It achieves a variation in lightness and darkness (value) of a single color by hand applying a gradation of ink to a moistened wooden printing block, rather than inking the block uniformly. This hand-application had to be repeated for each sheet of paper that was printed.
The best-known examples of bokashi are the shadings of a color often used by Hiroshige on landscape prints to depict the sky at the top of the print.

</doc>
<doc id="20364097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364097" title="95 B-Line">
95 B-Line

The 95 B-Line is a future bus rapid transit line in Metro Vancouver, Canada that was planned for implementation in 2009, but will instead occur at a later date. It will replace the 135 Express Line that travels along Hastings Street, a major east-west route, and connects Simon Fraser University to Burrard Station on the SkyTrain system.

</doc>
<doc id="20364118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364118" title="José Luis Fernández">
José Luis Fernández

José Luis Fernández (born 26 October 1987) is an Argentine football midfielder who currently plays for Godoy Cruz . Fernández is a left-footed player who usually plays on the left wing.
Club career.
On July 2013, Fernández signed a permanenty deal with Godoy Cruz, with Godoy buying half his economic rights from Benfica. 
International career.
Fernández was called up for the Argentina national football team to play a game against Haiti. All the players in Diego Maradona's squad were from the Argentine Primera División. Fernández made his international debut in the 60th minute, substituting Ariel Ortega.
Personal life.
During his spell in Portugal, Fernández dated swedish model Alexandra Larsson. The relationship ended for "personal reasons" couple of years after.

</doc>
<doc id="20364119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364119" title="Bokashi">
Bokashi

Bokashi (ぼかし) is Japanese for "shading off" or "gradation." It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20364124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364124" title="Gary Gray (recording engineer)">
Gary Gray (recording engineer)

Gary Gray is a recording engineer from Toronto, Canada. He's recorded albums for artists such as Bruce Cockburn, Gordon Lightfoot, Rough Trade, Murray McLauchlan and Brent Carver. He's also recorded music by such composers as Howard Shore, John Debney, Georges Delerue, Marvin Hamlisch, Gary Chang, Lee Holdridge, Kenneth Wannberg, and Christopher Dedrick. Gray worked as an engineer and senior orchestral engineer at Manta Sound in Toronto for 28 years before its eventual closure. He now works freelance in Toronto and has recently engineered live recordings for the Toronto Symphony Orchestra. He won the Juno Award for Recording Engineer of the Year in 1982, and was also a nominee for the award in 1981, 1983, 1984 and 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20364129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364129" title="Peruru, India">
Peruru, India

Peruru is an village near Gudivada in the East Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20364134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364134" title="Crispin (disambiguation)">
Crispin (disambiguation)

Crispin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20364142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364142" title="Lists of Canadian senators">
Lists of Canadian senators

The following are Lists of Canadian senators:

</doc>
<doc id="20364148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364148" title="James Robinson (distance runner)">
James Robinson (distance runner)

James J. Robinson, Jr. (born August 27, 1954 in Oakland, California) is a former American middle distance runner. He was the dominant American 800 meters runner from the mid-1970s through the mid 1980s. He ran in the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada, finishing fifth in his semi-final and not making the final. He was on the ill fated 1980 U.S. Olympic team that did not get to compete due to the 1980 Summer Olympics boycott.
His international achievements included a silver medal at the 1979 IAAF World Cup and 1981 IAAF World Cup and a gold medal at the 1979 Pan American Games. He also finished fifth in the 1983 World Championships in Athletics. Domestically he won the American title at 880 yard or 800 meters 7 times including five times in a row between 1978 and 1982. During that same period while Robinson was the best outdoors, he did not win a single Indoor title. The answer to this was that Robinson's strategy didn't work on the short straightaways indoors.
Robinson's notable strategy was to come from behind, with the late rush on the home stretch always thrilling the crowd. When this strategy evaded him, it almost always looked like a mere strategic error, rather than being beaten by the competition. In the 1984 Olympic Trials in what may have been the most thrilling American 800 meter race ever, Robinson finished in fourth place, not making the team, while having exactly the same time as the third place qualifier John Marshall (1:43.92 - a lifetime best for both men). A step ahead, Earl Jones and Johnny Gray were breaking Rick Wohlhuter's American record (1:43.91) with each running the same time (1:43.74). See the race on youtube Robinson ran for the Inner City Track Club after college.
Robinson ran for McClymonds High School, finishing second in the 880 yards at the 1972 CIF California State Meet. Next he ran for Laney College, winning the conference and state championships at 880 yards both 1973 and 1974, his 1974 time of 1:45.7 set the National Junior College record for 800 meters and remains the Laney College record. His 47.5 440 yards from 1974 also remains the college record. He also anchored his team's mile relay which finished second and third those respective years. And he ran for the University of California at Berkeley, California.
Robinson is currently an assistant Track and Cross Country coach at California State University, East Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20364166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364166" title="Handedness and mathematical ability">
Handedness and mathematical ability

Researchers have suggested a link between handedness and ability with mathematics. This link has been proposed by Geschwind, Galaburda, Annett, and Kilshaw. The suggested link is that a brain without extreme bias towards locating language in the left hemisphere would have an advantage in mathematical ability.
Body of research.
Douglas study.
A 1967 study by Douglas, found no evidence to correlate mathematical ability with left-handedness or ambidexterity. The study compared the people who came in the top 15% of a mathematics examination with those of moderate mathematical ability, and found that the two groups' handedness preferences were similar. However, it did find that those who came lowest in the test had mixed hand preferences. A study in 1979 by Peterson found a trend towards "low" rates of left-handedness in science students.
Jones and Bell study.
A 1980 study by Jones and Bell also obtained negative results. This study compared the handedness of a group of engineering students with strong mathematics skills against the handedness of a group of psychology students (of varying mathematics skills). In both cases, the distribution of handedness resembled that of the general population.
Annett and Kilshaw study.
Annett and Kilshaw themselves support their hypothesis with several examples, including a handedness questionnaire given to undergraduates. Annett observes that studies that depend from voluntary returns of a handedness questionnaire are going to be biased towards left-handedness, and notes that this was a weakness of the study. However, the results were that there were significantly more left-handers amongst male mathematics undergraduates than male non-mathematics undergraduates (21% versus 11%) and significantly more non-right-handers (44% versus 24%), and that there was a similar but smaller left-handedness difference for female undergraduates (11% versus 8%). Annett reports the results of this study as being consistent with the hypothesis, for explaining the cause of handedness, of an absent genetic right-shift factor.
Other examples used by Annett include a study that observed the hand use of teachers of mathematics and other sciences from various universities and polytechnics, as they underwent a personal interview, compared to a control group comprising non-mathematics teachers. Again, a statistically significant difference was found for males, and again Annett states this to be consistent with the right-shift model. Further examples are a 1986 study by Benbow and a 1990 study by Temple of staff at the University of Oxford, which, Annett states, show not that there is a predominance of left-handers in talented groups, whether that talent be with mathematics or otherwise, but rather that there is a shortfall in such groups of people who are strongly right-handed.

</doc>
<doc id="20364174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364174" title="On the Margin">
On the Margin

On the Margin was a British satirical comedy sketch show written and performed by Alan Bennett and a regular cast including John Sergeant, Virginia Stride, Madge Hindle and Yvonne Gilan. Guest performers included John Fortune and Jonathan Miller. The show also featured songs and poems by John Betjeman and Philip Larkin.
Each episode featured a mixture of sketches, some prophesying his later television dramas such as the quasi-soap, Streets Ahead, Life and Times in NW1, (about an upwardly mobile Camden couple) and more unexpectedly, serious poetry and music slots incorporating readings by Michael Hordern and Prunella Scales with archive footage of music-hall stars. This personalised nostalgic element distinguished "On the Margin" from other contemporary sketch shows, with Bennett's satirical swipes at Britain, integrated with his genuine love of its cultural heritage.
It was directed by Sydney Lotterby, produced by Patrick Garland and was broadcast between 9 November and 14 December 1966 on BBC 2. It was repeated twice in 1967, but the tapes were wiped in the 1970s so the main surviving evidence of the series are the scripts. However, a compilation CD of audio extracts was released in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20364178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364178" title="Ramon Andersson">
Ramon Andersson

Ramon Andersson (born 20 March 1963) is an Australian sprint canoer who competed in the 1990s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Barcelona in 1992.
Andersson also won a silver medal in the K-4 10000 m event at the 1991 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Paris. He was an Australian Institute of Sport sprint canoeing scholarship holder in 1989-1993 and 1995. 
On 29 September 2000, he was awarded the Australian Sports Medal for his canoeing achievements.

</doc>
<doc id="20364189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364189" title="Libertarian Right">
Libertarian Right

Libertarian Right ("Destra Libertaria", DL) was a national-conservative political party in Italy.
The party was launched in November 2008 as a split from The Right led by Luciano Buonocore, who did not agree with the party's decision not to run within The People of Freedom (PdL) joint list. The party was merged into the PdL in March 2009 and, since then, functioned as an internal faction.

</doc>
<doc id="20364202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364202" title="Ian Rowling">
Ian Rowling

Ian Rowling (born 10 February 1967) is an Australian sprint canoer who competed in the early 1990s. At the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, he won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event.
Rowling also won a silver medal in the K-4 10000 m event at the 1991 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20364257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364257" title="Lucienne Bréval">
Lucienne Bréval

Lucienne Bréval (4 November 1869, Zürich- 15 August 1935, Neuilly-sur-Seine) was a Swiss dramatic soprano who had a major international opera career from 1892-1918. Although she appeared throughout Europe and in the United States, Bréval spent most of her career performing with the Opéra National de Paris where she became a greatly admired interpreter of French grand opera roles and Wagner heroines. She also specialized in the works of Gluck and Rameau, becoming particularly associated with the title roles in Gluck’s "Armide" and Rameau's "Hippolyte et Aricie". A favorite of the composers of her day, such as Massenet and Dukas, Bréval sang in numerous world premières during her career.
Biography.
Born with the name Bertha Agnès Lisette Schilling, Bréval initially studied to be a pianist at Lausanne and briefly in Geneva before deciding to pursue an opera career. She studied voice with Victor Warot at the Paris Conservatoire before making her debut at the Opéra National de Paris in 1892 as "Selika" in "l'Africaine" by Giacomo Meyerbeer.
At the Paris Opera.
Bréval became a principal soprano at the Paris Opéra and remained there until 1919. Her roles with the company included several world premières including Augusta Holmès's "La Montagne Noire" (1895), Camille Erlanger's "Le fils de l' étoile'" (1904), Dukas’ "Ariane et Barbe-bleue" (1907), Massenet's "Bacchus" (1909), and the title roles in Massenet's "Ariane" (1906) and Henry Février’s "Monna Vanna" (1909). She also was Kundry in France's first performance of Wagner's "Parsifal" (1914). Her other notable roles at the Paris Opera included Brünnhilde in Richard Wagner's "Die Walküre" (1893), Venus in Wagner's "Tannhäuser" (1895), Marguerite in Hector Berlioz's "La damnation de Faust" (1897), and the title role in Rameau's "Hippolyte et Aricie" (1908).
Bréval also occasionally appeared in productions at the Opéra-Comique in Paris. Most notably she portrayed the title role in the world premiere of Massenet’s "Grisélidis" in 1901, and in 1910 she sang Lady Macbeth in the première of Ernst Bloch’s "Macbeth", which he dedicated to her.
International career.
In 1899, Bréval made her first appearance at the Royal Opera, Covent Garden as Valentine in Meyerbeer's "Les Huguenots". Two years later she made her American début at the Metropolitan Opera as Chimène in "Le Cid", singing also in "Die Walküre" and the American première of Ernest Reyer’s "Salammbô". Five years later she returned to Covent Garden for the second and last time in the title role of Gluck’s "Armide". In 1913 she created the title role in Fauré’s "Pénélope" at the Opéra de Monte-Carlo; her other title roles there had been in Isidore De Lara's "Amy Robsart" and in Bizet's "Carmen".
Throughout her career Bréval appeared in recitals and concerts throughout Europe, including performances in Italy, England, Germany, Holland, Belgium, Switzerland and throughout France. In spite of her great reputation in Europe she was not as well received in America as critics believed her singing lacked polish and described her acting as "semaphoric". After her retirement from the stage in 1919, Bréval taught singing in Paris.
Recordings.
The only sound recording of Bréval singing was made on a Mapleson cylinder during a performance of "L’Africaine" at the Metropolitan Opera.

</doc>
<doc id="20364274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364274" title="Steven Wood">
Steven Wood

Steven Wood (17 March 1961 – 23 November 1995) was an Australian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Barcelona in 1992.
Wood won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver (K-4 1000 m: 1991) and a bronze (K-2 1000 m: 1986).
He was married to Anna Wood, a Dutch-born sprint canoer who won two bronze medals at the Summer Olympics, one for Australia and one for the Netherlands. He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder in 1988 and 1991-1992. 

</doc>
<doc id="20364275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364275" title="London Hearts">
London Hearts

London Hearts is a Japanese television show hosted by London Boots Ichi-go Ni-go. It features ordinary members of the public who are 'set up' using actors and hidden cameras. It also features celebrities.

</doc>
<doc id="20364279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364279" title="Dragons and Tigers Award">
Dragons and Tigers Award

VIFF Dragons and Tigers Award for Young Cinema is an award from the Vancouver International Film Festival for a film director from Asia-Pacific region. It awards a creative and innovative film, made early in the director's career, which has not yet won significant international recognition. Since its inception in 1994, nominated films have been selected by film scholar and critic Tony Rayns.
Tony Rayns also curates all non-Chinese language film featured in the Dragons and Tigers category. Chinese-language film scholar Shelly Kraicer also joined Dragons and Tigers as curator in 2007 for Chinese-language films.

</doc>
<doc id="20364298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364298" title="Inter-Tajik Dialogue">
Inter-Tajik Dialogue

The Inter-Tajik Dialogue was an effort of Track II diplomacy which brought together factions of the Tajik Civil War. The Inter-Tajik Dialogue developed out of former diplomat Hal Saunders' work with the Dartmouth Conference Regional Conflicts Task Force (RCTF). In 1992 the RCTF decided to apply the process of Sustained Dialogue they had learned in the Dartmouth Conference to aid the former-Soviet republic through citizen dialogues.
Established in 1993, the Inter-Tajik Dialogue was fostered by international interest, and was chaired alternately between the Russians and Americans. The Inter-Tajik Dialogue wmet 35 times by their tenth anniversary in 2003.
The first joint memorandum was released by dialogue participants in March 1994. Official negotiations began the next month.
The May 1996 joint memorandum states: "Participants believe that the primary obstacle to peace in Tajikistan is the absence of an adequate understanding on sharing power among the regions, political parties and movements, and nationalities in Tajikistan."
The Inter-Tajik Dialogue met until 2000. Observers are unsure of just how much impact the Dialogue had on cementing the final peace, but agree that it was an important component.

</doc>
<doc id="20364300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364300" title="Ricardo Bralo">
Ricardo Bralo

Ricardo R. Bralo (born August 28, 1916) is a retired long-distance runner from Argentina, who won the gold medal in the men's 5.000 metres event at the 1951 Pan American Games. He represented his native country at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="20364353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364353" title="John Dustin Bicknell">
John Dustin Bicknell

John D. Bicknell (25 June 1838 – 7 July 1911) was an American real estate attorney and investor. From 1872 to 1907 he participated in the Los Angeles real estate boom, and founded the law firm that is presently known as Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher.
Early life and career.
Bicknell was born in Jericho, Vermont, elder son of Nathaniel and Fanny (Thompson) Bicknell, and a direct 
descendant of Hannah Dustin.
Bicknell moved to Wisconsin where he attended college. In 1860 Bicknell went to Missouri, where he taught school for two years. Troubled by his asthma he decided to move to California. In 1862 he joined a group of emigrants and was elected captain of the expedition directing them to Knights Landing, California. Bicknell stayed in California until 1863, then resolved to return to Wisconsin to study law. Bicknell was admitted to the bar of the Supreme Court of Wisconsin in 1865; and engaged in practice in Greenfield, Missouri.
Bicknell’s first marriage was to Maria Hatch, in Vermont, in 1868. However, the bride died two months later, dying in Wisconsin where they resided. Bicknell's second marriage, to the widow Nancy (Christian) Dobbins occurred in 1871.
Los Angeles legal practice.
In 1872 Bicknell moved to Los Angeles. He participated in the real estate boom both as an attorney and through his own investments. In 1887 the Southern Pacific Transportation Company chose Bicknell as its counsel because of his real estate reputation. Bicknell later became a lawyer for Huntington and the Los Angeles Railway. Bicknell was the attorney for General William Rosencrans' action to establish title to a large tract south of Los Angeles. In 1890 Bicknell was president of the Los Angeles County Bar Association.
From 1872 to 1875 he practiced in Los Angeles as Bicknell and Rothchild; from 1875 to 1886 he maintained an office alone; from 1886 to 1890 as Bicknell & White. From 1890 as Bicknell & Trask - this was later changed to Bicknell, Trask & Gibson, while a succeeding change added the names of Crutcher and Dunn. Bicknell retired in 1907. 
Real estate investor.
Bicknell was associated with the founding of Monrovia, California; Azusa, California, and the development of oil in the Santa Maria Valley. Bicknell Park in Montebello, California, Bicknell Avenue in Santa Monica, California, and the ghost town of Bicknell on the Orcutt Oil Field, south of Santa Maria, are named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="20364416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364416" title="DBCS (disambiguation)">
DBCS (disambiguation)

DBCS is an acronym that can mean one of the following.
In computers and electronics:
In medicine:

</doc>
<doc id="20364432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364432" title="Power of You">
Power of You

"Power of You" first appeared in Tiësto's ' compilation. This song has been Tiësto's latest work under his alias Allure, and it includes Christian Burns as the vocalist.
Formats and track listings.
12" Vinyl.
Magik Muzik, 12" Vinyl

</doc>
<doc id="20364455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364455" title="1982 Intertoto Cup">
1982 Intertoto Cup

In the 1982 Intertoto Cup no knock-out rounds were contested, and therefore no winner was declared.
Group stage.
The teams were divided into nine groups of four teams each.

</doc>
<doc id="20364483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364483" title="Victor Drai">
Victor Drai

Victor Drai is a night club developer.
His Drai's Hollywood location is now closed. 
Kenneth Brown was shot and killed at Drai's After Hours in Las Vegas, a club owned by Victor Drai. 
He currently operates Drai’s AfterHours nightclub at Bill’s Gamblin’ Hall hotel-casino in Las Vegas, NV (temporarily moved to Bally's hotel-casino in Las Vegas, NV) and Drai’s Hollywood in Los Angeles, CA.
In December of 2013, Drai opened the restaurant Rare on Sunset Boulevard. 

</doc>
<doc id="20364497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364497" title="Syntomeida epilais">
Syntomeida epilais

The Polka-Dot Wasp Moth ("Syntomeida epilais") is a species of moth thought to be native to the Caribbean. The species is also called the Oleander Moth after the Oleander plant, from which its young feed. Like most wasp moths, these moths are day fliers.
They prefer neotropic areas, to which they are native. The North American subspecies is "S. epilais jucundissima", which is locally common in all areas of Florida, and has been seen as far north as Savannah, GA.
Description.
They are dark metallic blue with a couple of white polka-dots dotting the wings and upper abdomen. The tip of the moth's abdomen is bright red; it looks like a very dangerous wasp, but in fact is a harmless moth. The caterpillars are orange or dark orange with long black hairs. The caterpillars look dangerous, but the setae do not inflict any harm.
Reproduction and breeding.
Females contact male polka-dot wasp moths by means of ultrasonic signals. On the branch, the sound travels, and then the male follows the sound to his new mate. When he reaches her, he emits an answering signal.
Pest.
The larvae stage of the Polka-Dot wasp moth, commonly called the Oleander caterpillar, is widely known for its gluttonous appetite. The caterpillar feeds in almost any location (excepting California) where its food, the Oleander plant, can be found. They are gregarious and can cause damage from minor to severe. It may also feed on devil's potato plants, which are believed to be its native food before the Oleander plant was introduced to the Americas by Spanish settlers in the seventeenth century.

</doc>
<doc id="20364518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364518" title="Morland">
Morland

Morland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20364524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364524" title="Grade I listed buildings in Hampshire">
Grade I listed buildings in Hampshire

There are over 6000 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Hampshire.
References.
English Heritage Images of England

</doc>
<doc id="20364544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364544" title="Carol Springer">
Carol Springer

Carol Springer served as State Treasurer of Arizona from January 1999 until January 2003. A Republican, she was elected in November 1998.
During her tenure, all five of Arizona's statewide executive offices were held by women: Governor Jane Dee Hull, Secretary of State Betsey Bayless, Attorney General Janet Napolitano, Springer, and Superintendent of Public Instruction Lisa Graham Keegan.
Springer served as an Arizona State Senator for District 1 between 1990 and 1998. She ran in the 2002 gubernatorial primary election as a Republican. In 2005 she assumed the position of Yavapai County Supervisor. 

</doc>
<doc id="20364545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364545" title="Georges Ndoum">
Georges Ndoum

Georges N'Doum (born 31 July 1985) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a defender for TuS 64 Bösinghoven. His preferred position is left back.

</doc>
<doc id="20364583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364583" title="List of Caltrain stations">
List of Caltrain stations

Caltrain is a commuter rail transit system that serves the San Francisco Peninsula and the Santa Clara Valley in the U.S. state of California. It is operated under contract by TransitAmerica Services and funded jointly by the City and County of San Francisco, San Mateo County Transit District (SamTrans), and Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) through the Peninsula Corridor Joint Powers Board (PCJPB). The system's average weekday ridership is 47,060 as of February 2013.
The original railroad between San Francisco and San Jose (known as the Peninsula Commute) was built by the San Francisco and San Jose Rail Road in 1863. In 1870 the railroad was acquired by Southern Pacific. Southern Pacific double tracked the line in 1904. In 1958 the railroad had record ridership, 7.5 million passengers. The popularity of the railroad began to decline and in 1977 Southern Pacific petitioned to the state government to discontinue Peninsula Commute. After months of negotiation, the California Department of Transportation (Caltrans) reached an agreement with the three counties of which the Peninsula Commute ran through to continue rail operation. Under the agreement, the system was renamed Caltrain and operation responsibilities were shared by Caltrans, Southern Pacific and the three counties. The Peninsula Corridor Joint Powers Board was formed in 1987, and it brought the right of way of Caltrain from Southern Pacific in late 1991 for $220 million. The PCJPB formally took over the operation of Caltrain in 1992 and contracted Amtrak to operate the system. In the same year, Caltrain extended to Gilroy. Amtrak's contract with PCJPB was renewed in 2001.
The system has 32 stations, 29 served daily and two weekend-only. San Francisco 4th and King Street is the northern terminus of the system, while Gilroy is the southern terminus. Atherton and Broadway are served only on weekends, and Stanford is served only on Stanford University's football game days. College Park is served only on weekdays during Bellarmine College Preparatory's school commute time. Tamien is served by train on weekdays and by shuttle bus on weekends. The five southernmost stations—Capitol, Blossom Hill, Morgan Hill, San Martin, and Gilroy—are served only on weekdays during commute time. Twelve stations are served by the express train service known as Baby Bullet, inaugurated in 2004. Seven stations (Millbrae, Burlingame, San Carlos, Menlo Park, Palo Alto, Santa Clara, and San Jose Diridon) are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20364594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364594" title="Showdown of Champions">
Showdown of Champions

Four Tennis Champions From Two Eras: Roger Federer, James Blake, John McEnroe and Björn Borg.
The format of events was an extravaganza of challenge matches at the 12,000 seat Putra Stadium in Bukit Jalil, Kuala Lumpur on Tuesday, November 18, 2008.
One set between Borg and McEnroe followed by one set between Federer and James Blake, and a final doubles set with Federer and Borg against McEnroe and Blake.
Federer rallied from 3-1 down against Blake to win 7-6, taking the tiebreaker 10-7.
John McEnroe won the battle of the old timers when he beat former arch-rival Björn Borg 7-6 (13-11). For Borg and McEnroe, both sporting grey hair, it was a walk down memory lane, revisiting the highs and lows of their bitter rivalry, typified by the 1980 Wimbledon final won by Borg in five gruelling sets.
McEnroe played to the crowd, making fun of himself, only occasionally glaring at the linesman or umpire and throwing his racquet just twice. In spite of being 52, Borg showed he hadn't lost his touch, still exhibiting some sublime passing shots that left 49-year-old McEnroe grudgingly nodding his approval.
"He was my great rival and I knew it would be close," said McEnroe. Borg added: "Playing John is always special for me. It was a great rivalry and playing him again brings back some great memories."
Federer then teamed up with Borg for the first time ever to play a set against McEnroe and Blake in an event that featured players who have won 31 Grand Slam titles between them. Doubles match was won by James Blake and John McEnroe 7-5.

</doc>
<doc id="20364595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364595" title="Silver Sevens">
Silver Sevens

Silver Sevens Hotel and Casino, formerly known as Terrible's, is a locals casino east of the Las Vegas Strip, in Paradise, Nevada. It has 370 rooms and a casino.
Silver Sevens is regularly the host hotel for the Terrible 250, Terrible 300, and Terrible's Cup Baja races sponsored by Terrible Herbst.
History.
The Continental Hotel and Casino opened in 1981.
In 1996, Crowne Ventures agreed to buy the hotel for $35 million. They planned to convert the property into a nostalgia-themed resort to complement their "Back to the 50's" catalog business. But that deal fell through when Crowne fell into bankruptcy. The Continental itself declared bankruptcy in 1998, and was foreclosed on and closed by American Realty Trust in March 1999.
The Herbst family of Terrible Herbst saw an opportunity to open their first gaming property in Las Vegas, as the Continental was too small for locals casino operators Station Casinos and Coast Casinos, but too big for other, smaller slot route operators to acquire. The hotel was sold to E-T-T Gaming, the Herbsts' gaming division (now Affinity Gaming), in November 1999. The Herbsts demolished the building interior, but kept its outer shell. The cost of acquisition and renovation was $65 million. It reopened in December 2000 as Terrible's Hotel and Casino.
In mid-2013, after embarking on an 18-month renovation that included remodeled rooms and main-floor upgrades, among other improvements, Affinity Gaming chose to rename the casino Silver Sevens, reflecting the new look.

</doc>
<doc id="20364653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364653" title="Herbert Hays">
Herbert Hays

Herbert Hays (20 September 1869 – 16 February 1960) was an Australian politician. Born at Forth, Tasmania, he was educated at state schools before becoming a farmer. In 1911, he was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly as a member for Wilmot, serving as an Honorary Minister 1916-1922. In 1922, he transferred to federal politics, winning a Tasmanian seat in the Australian Senate as a Nationalist. In 1931, he joined the United Australia Party, successor to the Nationalists. He was defeated in 1946 as a Liberal. Hays died in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="20364663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364663" title="B. J. Raji">
B. J. Raji

Busari "B. J." Raji, Jr. (born July 11, 1986) is an American football defensive end and nose tackle for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Boston College. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers with the ninth overall selection in the first round of the 2009 NFL Draft.
Early years.
A three-year starter on both the offensive and defensive lines at Westwood Regional High School, he earned All-State, All-Conference, and All-County honors as a senior. Raji was also a two-time All-Bergen County Scholastic League choice. In 2003, he recorded 75 tackles, 7.5 sacks, and four forced fumbles. He was selected to play in the 2004 Governor's Bowl, a game played between the top high-school seniors in New Jersey and New York.
Considered a two-star recruit by "Rivals.com", Raji was not ranked among the top defensive tackle prospects of the class of 2004, which also included DeMario Pressley, Frank Okam, and Glenn Dorsey. Raji chose to attend Boston College over Rutgers and Wisconsin.
College career.
Raji made the Eagles as a true freshman in 2004, playing in a rotation behind senior Tim Bulman. He made his college debut in the home opener against Penn State, making one tackle. He finished the year with 13 tackles (6 solos) and 1.5 tackles for loss.
As a sophomore, Raji started in all twelve games, registering 27 tackles (20 solos), 6.5 tackles for loss, 1.5 sacks, and one pass breakup. He recorded one unassisted tackle against Boise State in the MPC Computers Bowl.
In his 2006 junior season, Raji started in 12 games, finishing with 63 career tackles (37 solos), 16.5 tackles for loss, 3.5 sacks, and four pass breakups. He also had three solo stops, including two tackles for loss in the Meineke Car Care Bowl against Navy.
Raji missed the 2007 season due to academic reasons. Returning to the team in 2008, he started on a defense that included Ron Brace, Kevin Akins, Mark Herzlich, Robert Francois, and Brian Toal, anchoring the defense to a berth in the 2008 Music City Bowl. Over his four year college career, Raji amassed 99 tackles (23 for a loss) and 9 sacks, and was named all-ACC twice, in 2006 as a 2nd-team member and in 2008 as a first-team starter.
Professional career.
Green Bay Packers.
Raji was selected ninth overall by the Green Bay Packers in the 2009 NFL Draft. He was worked into defensive coordinator Dom Capers' brand new 3-4 scheme during the start of the Packers 2009 season, and was regarded as a defensive tackle. Raji held out during the 2009 training camp and completed his deal on August 14. Hampered by an ankle injury for the entire season, he appeared in fourteen games (once as a starter), and only managed 25 tackles and 1 sack.
Fully healed and expected to fully contribute for the 2010 season, Raji earned the starting position at nose tackle in Capers' defense, moving previous starter Ryan Pickett to defensive end. 2010 was a breakout season: starting in all 16 games, Raji became the defensive anchor that the Packers had envisioned, accumulating 39 tackles with 6.5 sacks, along with 3 passes defended.
The Packers began using Raji as an additional fullback in their goal-line offense during the 2011 postseason, which led to Raji nicknaming himself "The Freezer" in homage to William Perry, who played for the Bears and was nicknamed "The Fridge". On January 23, 2011, in the fourth quarter of the NFC Championship Game at Soldier Field in Chicago, Raji intercepted a pass from Bears third-string quarterback Caleb Hanie and returned it 18 yards to the end zone, marking Raji's first career interception and touchdown. The 337-pound Raji performed a memorable hula dance after the touchdown, an incident that was parodied in a State Farm Insurance commercial featuring Raji and Aaron Rodgers. The play also broke William Perry's NFL record for the heaviest player to score a post-season touchdown. The touchdown proved to be the decisive score, and with that interception, Packers advanced to Super Bowl XLV, where they defeated the Pittsburgh Steelers 31-25.
In the 2011 offseason, Raji was ranked #81 by his peers on NFL Network's Top 100 Greatest Players of 2011, where he was presented by New York Giants center Shaun O'Hara.
In early August 2011, Raji was named the co-host of the "In The Huddle" radio show along with longtime Wisconsin sports reporter Bill Scott. The one hour show airs live from Tanner's Sports Bar in Kimberly, WI near Green Bay.
During a week 11 matchup against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on November 20, Raji scored a rushing touchdown. He was only the fourth defensive lineman to score a rushing touchdown since the NFL/AFL merger.
On December 28, 2011 He was elected to his first Pro Bowl appearance.
Personal.
B. J. Raji is the oldest of Mamie and Busari Raji, Sr.'s three children. His youngest brother, Ade, is currently a senior at Westwood Regional Jr./Sr. High School in Bergen County, New Jersey. His younger brother, Corey Raji, is a professional basketball player. Busari Raji's father immigrated to the U.S. from Nigeria. Both his parents are Pentecostal ministers. He currently lives in Washington Township, New Jersey.
B. J. is the first cousin of rhythm and blues singer Rahsaan Patterson.

</doc>
<doc id="20364707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364707" title="András Rajna">
András Rajna

András Rajna (born September 3, 1960) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1980s to the late 1990s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Atlanta in 1996.
Rajna also won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two silvers (K-2 500 m: 1986, 1994) and a bronze (K-4 500 m: 1983).

</doc>
<doc id="20364718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364718" title="Peter Paternelli">
Peter Paternelli

Peter Paternelli (born March 10, 1856, date of death unknown) was an Austrian sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Strigno.
In 1912 he was a member of the Austrian team which finished fourth in the team 100 metre running deer, single shots competition. In the 100 metre running deer, single shots event he finished 15th.

</doc>
<doc id="20364742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364742" title="Charles Grant (Australian politician)">
Charles Grant (Australian politician)

Charles William Grant (25 April 1878 – 14 December 1943) was an Australian politician. 
Born in Hobart, Tasmania, he was educated at Hutchins School before becoming a merchant and later a magistrate. In 1922 he was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly as a Nationalist member for Denison. He left the Assembly in 1925, when he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a Nationalist Senator for Tasmania, filling the casual vacancy caused by the death of Senator George Foster. 
Defeated in 1925, he returned to the House of Assembly for Denison in 1928, serving until 1932 as an Honorary Minister. He was appointed again as a Tasmanian Senator, this time for the United Australia Party, in 1932 after the death of James Ogden. He remained in the Senate until his retirement in 1940. 
Grant died in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="20364765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364765" title="Adolf Michel">
Adolf Michel

Adolf Michel (born 12 February 1878, date of death unknown) was an Austrian sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Vienna.
In 1912 he was a member of the Austrian team which finished fourth in the team 100 metre running deer, single shots competition. In the 100 metre running deer, single shots event he finished tenth.

</doc>
<doc id="20364782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364782" title="WEAP">
WEAP

WEAP: the Water Evaluation And Planning system is a Windows-based decision support system for integrated water resources management and policy analysis. WEAP is a model-building tool, used to create simulations of water demand, supply, runoff, evapotranspiration, infiltration, crop irrigation requirements, instream flow requirements, ecosystem services, groundwater and surface storage, reservoir operations, and pollution generation, treatment, discharge and instream water quality, all under scenarios of varying policy, hydrology, climate, land use, technology and socio-economic factors. WEAP can dynamically link to the USGS MODFLOW groundwater flow model and the US EPA QUAL2K surface water quality model.
WEAP was created in 1988[http://www.weap21.org/index.asp?action=219], and continues to be developed and supported by the U.S. Center of the Stockholm Environment Institute, a non-profit research institute based at Tufts University in Somerville, Massachusetts. It is widely used for climate change adaptation studies, and has been applied by researchers and planners in hundreds of organizations worldwide. 
WEAP is distributed at no charge to non-profit, academic and governmental organizations based in developing countries. 

</doc>
<doc id="20364800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364800" title="Heinrich Elbogen">
Heinrich Elbogen

Heinrich Elbogen (born June 18, 1872, date of death unknown) was an Austrian sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Paris, France.
In 1912 he was a member of the Austrian team which finished fourth in the team 100 metre running deer, single shots competition. In the 100 metre running deer, single shots event he finished seventh and in the 100 metre running deer, double shots competition he finished 16th.

</doc>
<doc id="20364828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364828" title="Burford Sampson">
Burford Sampson

Burford Sampson DSO (30 March 1882 – 5 June 1959) was an Australian politician and soldier. Born in Launceston, Tasmania, he was educated at Launceston Grammar School before serving in the military 1899–1901, during the Boer War. He remained in Africa, serving with the Rhodesian Mountain Police and farming in South Africa. He returned to Tasmania in 1907 as a farmer. He served in World War I (1914–1918) and was at the landing at Gallipoli, before serving on the Western Front and briefly commanding the 15th Battalion during their final battle around Jeancourt in September 1918. After the war, he became a manager in Launceston. In 1925, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Nationalist Senator for Tasmania. He was defeated in 1937, but was re-elected in 1940. He was defeated again in 1946 as a Liberal. Sampson died in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="20364860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364860" title="Eberhard Steinböck">
Eberhard Steinböck

Eberhard Steinböck (born November 30, 1882, date of death unknown) was an Austrian sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Spittal an der Drau.
In 1912 he was a member of the Austrian team which finished fourth in the team 100 metre running deer, single shots competition. In the 100 metre running deer, single shots event he finished 31st.

</doc>
<doc id="20364866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364866" title="This is My Milwaukee">
This is My Milwaukee

This is My Milwaukee was an alternate reality game created by Synydyne. Set in a fictionalized Milwaukee, Wisconsin, the game ran online in 2008 and 2009. On September 24th, 2013, the related video was made private, coincident with the conclusion of Horse_ebooks and Pronunciation Book as well as the beginning of the related Bear Stearns Bravo alternate reality game.
Plot.
The game involved the sinister Blackstar company creating a bioengineered creature known as Go.D.S.E.E.D., which was forced underground into dormancy and led to the city of Milwaukee being quarantined. A clock in the upper right of the website counted down to 17:00:00 UTC January 16, 2009. The numbers on the clock were replaced with the word “BO NU S?” after it reached 00:00:00.
Gameplay involved dead drops in New York Public Library and a cafe in San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="20364876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364876" title="Tausendfüßler">
Tausendfüßler

The Tausendfüßler is a high car street (bridge) in Düsseldorf.
Its name means in German language Myriapoda, too.
Construction.
The concept of the bridge is a kind of swinging Y: The traffic comes (only in 1 direction) from the north on 3 tracks in a soft curve. In the middle the bridge splits the traffic. 2 tracks go to the east and follow the curve in direction to the Main station of Düsseldorf, 2 other tracks (the incoming middle track is splitten) follow a soft curve in the other direction, together with the first curve an S-curve in southern direction.
Its length is 536 meters, 391 meters on its main direction north to south, 145 meters in the east direction.
On its 3 tracks part it has a width of 25 meters.
It was constructed in the years 1961 to 1962, following a concept of (automotive) mobility in Düsseldorf from the 1950s.
The Tausendfüßler belongs to a building ensemble from the early 1960s together with the Schauspielhaus Düsseldorf (City Theatre) and the Dreischeibenhaus (a skyscraper).
The architect of the Tausendfüßler was Friedrich Tamms, a professor on architecture and a member of city council.
In December 1993 the Tausendfüßler was listed in the list of city monuments in the category Technical monuments, buildings and equipment for road.
Future.
Actually there are plans for the demolition of the Tausendfüßler because of a planned new building of a bank, which doesn’t like to have the bridge directly in front of its offices.

</doc>
<doc id="20364900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364900" title="Bill Aylett">
Bill Aylett

William Edward "Bill" Aylett (1900 – 10 August 1976) was an Australian politician. Born in Wynyard, Tasmania, he was educated at state schools before becoming a miner in Tasmania and Victoria. He was later a timber contractor and farmer at Deloraine in Tasmania. In 1937, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Tasmania. He held the seat until his retirement in 1964. Aylett died in 1976 in Palm Beach, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20364914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364914" title="Harry Billiard">
Harry Billiard

Harry Pree Billiard (November 11, 1883 – June 3, 1923), nicknamed "Pree", was an American Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the New York Highlanders of the American League, then in with the Indianapolis Hoosiers, continuing with the team in when it moved and became the Newark Pepper. He batted and threw left-handed. 

</doc>
<doc id="20364940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364940" title="Mayor of Ponce, Puerto Rico">
Mayor of Ponce, Puerto Rico

The Mayor of Ponce is the head of government of Ponce, Puerto Rico. The current mayor is Mayita Meléndez.

</doc>
<doc id="20364944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364944" title="Blue Creek, Utah">
Blue Creek, Utah

Blue Creek is a ghost town in Box Elder County, Utah, United States. It was a railroad settlement that started as a Union Pacific camp during the final stages of construction of the First Transcontinental Railroad. 
Located on the eastern slope of the North Promontory Mountains and Blue Creek Valley, southeast of Snowville and west of Tremonton on what is now I-84, Blue Creek existed from the late 1860s until it was abandoned in the 1900s.
The settlement was named for the Blue Creek Spring, to the south. Initially a railroad camp, Blue Creek later became a farming community with a few scattered homes and a post office.
In his autobiography, 19th century pioneer Alexander Toponce wrote, "In April and May of 1869, Corinne and Blue Creek were pretty lively places. At the latter place was a big construction camp generally known as "Dead Fall" and spoken of by some as "Hell’s Half Acre"."

</doc>
<doc id="20364956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364956" title="Tomb of Orcus">
Tomb of Orcus

The Tomb of Orcus (), sometimes called the Tomb of Murina (), is a 4th-century BC Etruscan hypogeum (burial chamber) in Tarquinia, Italy. Discovered in 1868, it displays Hellenistic influences in its remarkable murals, which include the portrait of Velia Velcha, an Etruscan noblewoman, and the only known pictorial representation of the demon Tuchulcha. In general, the murals are noted for their depiction of death, evil, and unhappiness.
Because the tomb was built in two sections at two stages, it is sometimes referred to as the "Tombs of Orcus I" and "II"; it is believed to have belonged to the Murina family, an offshoot of the Etruscan Spurinnae. The foundation is inscribed with the following enigmatic phrase:
History.
Orcus I was built between 470 and 450 BC (perhaps by a man named Leive; see below); a separate hypogeum, Orcus II, was built c. 325 BC. At some point in antiquity the wall between the two was removed, creating a large tomb with two dromes (entrances).
The tomb was excavated in 1868 by an officer of the French Army. Upon its discovery, the excavator mistook the painting of a cyclops for the Roman god Orcus (see below), hence the name "Tomb of Orcus". The Italian name ("Tomba dell'Orco") can also mean "Tomb of the Ogre", and it is used that way in Italy today.
The second tomb has never been fully excavated.
Murals.
Though most of the walls are muraled, the artists did not complete the ceiling. A scientific analysis in 2001 revealed that the paint used contained cinnabar, ochre, orpiment, calcite, copper, and Egyptian blue. While the artwork in Orcus I is highly praised (particularly the painting of Velia Velcha; see below), some of the artwork of Orcus II is considered poorly done.
It is likely that the French excavators of the tomb tried to remove some of the murals for exhibition in the Louvre, which resulted in significant deterioration.
Orcus I.
The Tomb of Orcus I (also known as the Tomb of Velcha) was constructed between 470 and 450 BC. The main and right walls depict a banquet, believed to be the Spurinnae after their death in the Battle of Syracuse. The banqueters are surrounded by demons who serve as cupbearers.
One of the banqueters is a noblewoman named Velia Velcha (or by some interpretations, Velia Spurinna), whose portrait has been called the "Mona Lisa of antiquity". Her realistic profile (especially her eye) bears the influence of Hellenistic art. Unlike the Mona Lisa, however, she is noted for her grimace or sneer.
Orcus II.
The Tomb of Orcus II (sometimes distinguished as "the" Tomb of Orcus) was constructed around 325 BC. Its entrance is guarded by paintings of "Charun" (Charon), the keeper of the underworld, and a cyclops (possibly Polyphemus or Geryon). When the tomb was originally discovered, the cyclops was mistaken for the Roman god of the underworld, Orcus (hence the tomb's name).
The back wall depicts a funeral procession overseen by "Aita" (Hades), the Etruscan god of the underworld, and his wife "Phersipnei" (Persephone). The left wall is believed to depict Agamemnon, Tiresias, and Ajax in the underworld.
"These" (Theseus) and the Etruscan equivalent of Pirithous are seated at a table on the right wall, playing a board game, where they are threatened by the Etruscan demon "Tuchulcha", who is pictured with pointed ears, a hairy face, and a hooked beak, wielding snakes in his hands. The tomb is unique in that it bears the only known historical portrayal of this demon.
Inscription.
An inscription in the foundation of the tomb reads as follows:
LARΘIALE HVLΧNIESI MARCESIC CALIAΘESI MVNSLE NACNVAIASI ΘAMCE LE…
This has come to be understood as:
Larthiale Hulchniesi Marcesi Caliathesi munisule nacnvaiasi thamuce Le…
The names "Larthiale Hulchniesi" and "MarcesiCaliathesi" are in the dative case, and thus mean "for/to Larth Hulchnie" and "for/to Marce *Caliathe" respectively; "nacnvaiasi" is also dative, from the Etruscan noun "nacnvaia", "those who come next" (i.e., posterity); the noun "mun[isrefers to any underground monument (and not exclusively to tombs); the verb "tham[uce" means "established"; the final "Le…" is the Etruscan letters LE clipped off, though a portion of the next letter is visible, sometimes interpreted as an "i"; the entire name "Leive" has been suggested.
The phrase then translates:
Le erected this monument to Larth Hulchnie and Marce Caliathe for posterity.
Larth Hulchnie is believed to have been the magistrate of Tarquinia in the 4th century BC, and Marce Caliathe is believed to have been his "representative".
Whether the transcription means, however, that Larth Hulchnie and Marce Caliathe were buried in the tomb is debated, especially since they were not Spurinnae; most scholars believe that the monument was simply dedicated to the magistrates. Etruscologists Giuliano and Larissa Bonfante have suggested that the passage is incomplete and would have originally specified "during the magistracy" of Hulchnie and Caliathe (confer "zilci Velusi Hulchniesi", "during the magistracy of Velu Hulchnie", found elsewhere in the tomb). According to this interpretation, the phrase would translate:
Leerected this monument for posterity [during the magistracy of Larth Hulchnie and Marce Caliathe.
"Marce" is probably a cognate or preform of "Marcus". "Hulchnie" is generally interpreted as the Roman gens "Fulcinius", and "Larth" is believed to be akin to the Greek name "Laertēs"; some have suggested that "Larth Hulchnie" means "Hulchnie, son of Larth".

</doc>
<doc id="20364973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364973" title="Attila Adrovicz">
Attila Adrovicz

Attila Adrovicz (born 8 April 1966) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s. He won a silver medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
Adrovicz also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three silvers (K-2 500 m: 1986, 1994; K-4 500 m: 1991) and a bronze (K-2 1000 m: 1989).

</doc>
<doc id="20364977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364977" title="The Whammer">
The Whammer

The Whammer is a nickname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20364995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20364995" title="List of manga series by volume count">
List of manga series by volume count

The list of manga series by volume count is a list of manga series that span at least 40 "tankōbon" volumes. There are 108 manga series from which 49 series are completed and 59 series are in ongoing serialization. The list also notes the number of volumes and chapters, the author, the Japanese magazine in which it was originally serialized and its frequency, publisher and date of release date of first and last (latest) volume of respective manga volume.
List.
Ongoing series are highlighted in light green.
40 - 44 volumes.
! Sr.No.
! Volumes
! Chapters
! Title
! Author
! Magazine (frequency)Publisher
! First chapterFirst volume
! Latest chapterLatest volume

</doc>
<doc id="20365006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365006" title="Richard Darcey">
Richard Darcey

Richard Darcey (1871 – 26 July 1944) was an Australian politician. Born in Launceston, Tasmania, he received a primary education before becoming an apprentice jeweller. He eventually became a jeweller in Hobart, and rose to become President of the Retail Jewellers' Association. In 1937, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Tasmania. He held the seat until 1943, when he was defeated, having been demoted to fourth place on the ballot to make way for Tasmanian state minister Nick McKenna. Darcey died in 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="20365034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365034" title="Mera ur kärlekens språk">
Mera ur kärlekens språk

Mera ur kärlekens språk ("More from the Language of Love" a.k.a. "More about the Language of Love") is a 1970 Swedish sex educational film directed by Torgny Wickman. It is a sequel to the 1969 film "Language of Love" and had a sequel in 1971, "Kärlekens XYZ". In 1973 the three films were edited together into a new film, "Det bästa ur Kärlekens språk-filmerna" ("The Best from the Language of Love Films").
The film dealt more with alternative sexuality and life styles and the disabled but was equally successful financially as "Language of Love".

</doc>
<doc id="20365074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365074" title="Charles Lamp">
Charles Lamp

Charles Adcock Lamp (3 September 1895 – 17 April 1972) was an Australian politician. Born in Hobart, Tasmania, he was educated at state schools in Queenstown before becoming an apprentice shipwright, blacksmith and railway worker. After serving in the military 1914-1918, he became Tasmanian Secretary of the Australian Railways Union, and Secretary of the Launceston Trades Hall Council and the Tasmanian Labor Party. In 1937 he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Tasmania. Defeated in 1949, he was later secretary of several unions. Lamp died in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20365136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365136" title="Reg Murray">
Reg Murray

Reginald James "Reg" Murray (25 April 1909 – 25 November 1962) was an Australian politician. Born in Hobart, Tasmania, he was educated at Hobart High School before becoming a clerk and airlines officer, and later an official with the Clerks' Union. He was Treasurer of the Tasmanian Labor Party before serving in the military from 1939 to 1947. In 1946, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Tasmania. He held the seat until his defeat in 1951, after which he became private secretary to Senator Nick McKenna. Murray died in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="20365139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365139" title="Fairmont Municipal Airport">
Fairmont Municipal Airport

Fairmont Municipal Airport may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20365148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365148" title="Louise Grandjean">
Louise Grandjean

Louise Grandjean (1870–1934) was a French operatic soprano who was particularly admired for her portrayals of Wagner and Verdi heroines. She began her career in Paris in 1894 where she became a popular and active singer until 1911. She also regularly appeared in Germany during the first decade of the twentieth century with great success.
Biography.
Grandjean studied at the Paris Conservatory before making her professional opera debut in 1893 at the Opéra Comique as Isabella in "Le Pré aux clercs". She sang numerus roles at that opera house over the next nine years, including Alice Ford in France's first production of Verdi's "Falstaff" in 1894. Beginning in 1895 she was also a member of the Opéra National de Paris, making her debut as The Page in Richard Wagner's "Tannhäuser". She sang numerous roles with the national opera until 1911, including the world premieres of Xavier Leroux's "Astarté" (1901), Jules Massenet's "Ariane" (1906), and Fernand Le Borne's "La Catalane" (1907).
In addition to her work in Paris, Grandjean also appeared in several productions at the Opéra de Monte-Carlo, the Berlin State Opera, and the Bayreuth Festival between 1902 and 1911. In Monte Carlo she sang in the premieres of Eugène d'Harcourt's "Le Tasse" (1903) and Alfred Bruneau's "Naïs Micoulin" (1907) among other roles. In 1904 she sang an acclaimed Venus in "Tannhäuser" at the Bayreuth Festival. This was followed by numerous appearances at the Berlin State Opera in such roles as Donna Anna in the "Don Giovanni", Valentine in "Les Huguenots", Berthe in "Le prophète", the Chimène in "Le Cid", Salomé in "Hérodiade", the title role in "Aida", Desdemona in "Otello", Elizabeth in "Tannhäuser", Elsa in "Lohengrin", Eva in "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg", and Isolde in "Tristan und Isolde". After retiring from the stage, Grandjean taught singing at the Paris Conservatory.
Sources.
1904

</doc>
<doc id="20365180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365180" title="William Beanes">
William Beanes

"William Beanes" (24 January 1749 – 12 October 1828) was a medical doctor in the American Colonial Period.
Early life.
Beanes was the third generation of the same name and the fourth generation American. He was born near Croome in Prince George's County, Maryland. Little is known of his childhood except that he is of Scottish descent. Throughout his life he spoke with a Scottish accent.
His parents were wealthy and owned large parcels of land in Prince George's County. Because of this Beanes grew up in a rural environment that was comfortable. Beanes may have been tutored for his basic education or otherwise graduated from a public school. It is known that he obtained initial medical education from one of the experienced medical practitioners in his town where he lived since there was no medical college in America at this time. Beanes began to practice medicine when he felt he was educated enough and qualified to do so.
Beanes married Sarah Hawkins Hanson on November 25, 1773. She was the niece of John Hanson, (1721-1783), later of Frederick, Maryland, who became the first president of the Confederation Congress of the United States (under the "Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union", proposed 1777, negotiated throughout the American Revolutionary War, and finally adopted in 1781 after delays caused mainly by Maryland (held in effect until March 1789 when the new Congress of the United States began to assemble under the newly approved and ratified throughout 1788-1789, of the Constitution of September 17, 1787, and carried through with the inauguration of George Washington as first president on April 30, 1789) after acceding to the demand by Maryland that several of the original thirteen states give up and cede their western land claims beyond the Appalachian Mountains to the joint control of the Cngress and the new Nation. In this annually elected office by the members of the Confederation Congress (with one house and one vote per state cast by delegates), he held the title of "President of the United States in Congress Assembled" (a title and reference used throughout that first "constitution" and loose system of government as "In Congress Assembled" as symbolizing desiring unity in most decisions made by the Confederation and weak central government) and some say technically then that he was the first "President of the United States".
Mid life.
Beanes supported Boston’s position in the resistance of the Coercive Acts and was one of the committee of Prince Georgians who put into effect the Declaration and Resolves of the First Continental Congress.
Beanes offered his medical services at the first General Hospital in Philadelphia after the Battles of Lexington and Concord. He also mended the wounded soldiers there from the Battle of Brandywine, Battle of Long Island and Valley Forge.
Beanes bought land just outside of Upper Marlboro, Maryland (also referred to as "Upper Marlborough") in 1779. Here he built a house and began practicing medicine. He was also a farmer there and owned a local grist mill. In the later 18th century Beanes was a respected medical doctor and distinguished scientist with an excellent reputation. In 1799 he was one of the founders of the Medical and Chirurgical Faculty of Maryland with John Archer and his son.
War of 1812.
Beanes was in the limelight during the War of 1812, (1812-1815), in the Chesapeake Bay area of Maryland. In the summer of 1814, the British fleet in the Chesapeake Bay, sailed up the Patuxent River, with ships and barges, landing several regiments of soldiers near Benedict, Maryland. They marched to the county seat of Upper Marlboro (or occasionally earlier called "Marlborough") which was about 16 miles east-southeast from Washington, D.C., the fourteen year old National Capital. The town was mostly deserted except for its most prominent citizen, Dr. Beanes. He offered British General Robert Ross, (1766-1814), and Vice Admiral, Sir George Cockburn, (1772-1853), the use of his house as his headquarters from August 22nd until the afternoon of August 23rd. Because of this, General Ross believed Beans was sympathetic to the British. There was no resistance to the British in town, which additionally confirmed the notion.
The British continued their march onto Washington and entered Bladensburg which was about eight miles east of Washington. There they encountered American resistance in the Battle of Bladensburg, northeast of the Capital along the upper Eastern Branch stream of the Anacostia River on August 24, 1814. After a decisive victory by the British they continued to Washington and burned most of the city's public buildings, including the White House, The Capitol, the Navy Yard, and various other Federal buildings and structures in retaliation for the earlier American Burning of York, the capital of Upper Canada (later called Toronto, capital of the Province of Ontario) the year before. On their return trip back to their ships they again stopped briefly at Upper Marlboro. Some British deserters plundered some of the small farms in the area. Robert Bowie, (1750-1818), who was a former (11th Governor of Maryland, 1803-1806, 1811-1812) and owned some farmland in the area, decided he was going to take matters into his own hands and do something about it. He was able to get the help of Beanes, who in turn was able to get Dr. William Hill and Philip Weems to participate. They then captured a few of the British Army deserters and took them to the Prince George's County Jail. One escaped and went straight away to General Ross further along down in southern Maryland on their trek back to their ships and told him about the captives.
Ross was furious to think that he had been misled by Beanes’ earlier hospitality and that it was perhaps just a ruse on Beanes’ part. It could have been that the marauders, lied accusing Beanes of undue vehemence, but in either case, General Ross immediately put out an arrest for Beanes, Bowie, and four others. British Cavalry soldiers seized Beanes, Bowie, Dr. Hill and Mr. Weems shortly after midnight, a day later. Upon receiving these men from their soldiers, Ross and Cockburn soon released Bowie and the others but took Beanes back to their ship, ""H.M.S. Tonnant"".
Brigadier general William H. Winder, (1775-1824), commander of the Ninth Military District in the area, appointed by fourth President James Madison in a letter dated August 31st protested to no avail. 
Friends of Beanes went to Francis Scott Key, (1779-1843), a lawyer in Georgetown, (and later in Frederick) for help on the release of the elderly doctor. Key got the permission of President James Madison who also sent John Stuart Skinner, the U.S. Prisoner Exchange Agent for the region. Skinner and Key took one of Skinner's flag of truce vessels, a Chesapeake Bay cartel (the ""Minden""), and set out to locate the British fleet in the Chesapeake Bay. Skinner and Key came across the British flagship of Vice Admiral Sir Alexander Cochrane. They then had a meeting with Ross who refused to release Beanes. Skinner knew Beanes and the high reputation he had. He had the foresight to collect from wounded British soldiers left behind after the Battle of Bladensburg letters of how well they had been treated by the Americans. Skinner then pulled his trump card and gave Ross the letters. The soldiers wrote about what excellent medical treatment they were receiving by the Americans. Ross then had a change of heart and released Beanes. Skinner and Key with Beanes were allowed to go back to their ship, however were not allowed to go back to Baltimore. They were held eight miles off shore from Fort McHenry until the outcome of the Battle of Baltimore. Skinner, Key and Beanes had learned too much about British forces and plans of the attack on Baltimore to allow them free at that time. They were tied up to a British ship in the Chesapeake Bay and guarded by British soldiers until after the battle that started the morning of September 13, 1814. The three men watched the battle from their ship as it went into the night. There was a large flag put up at Fort McHenry that they could see, however eventually the smoke of British gunfire, cannons, Congreve rockets and nightfall obscured the flag. They could only look and hope for the best.
When morning came on September 14, they saw the flag was still there. Fort McHenry had not been taken by the British. The British had broken off the attack in the night and were retreating. Skinner, Key, and Beanes were released to go back home on their ship. They arrived at Baltimore on September 16. Key was inspired to write a poem of the event on the back of a letter, which ultimately became the Star Spangled Banner. Beanes was the incidental cause for the reason why Key wrote the poem that led to the 
American national anthem.
Alternate viewpoints.
Some historians think it was the morning of September 13, instead of September 14, when Key saw "the flag was still there" and wrote his famous poem, later called "The Star-Spangled Banner." Some historians think the name of the sloop / cartel that Key, Skinner, and Beanes were on when they viewed the Battle of the Baltimore was instead "The President." A letter dated "Washington, 1856" from Chief-Justice R. B. Taney, brother-in-law of Francis Scott Key, to Judge Joseph Hopper Nicholson states that Key, Skinner, and Beanes were transferred back off the British vessel "Surprise" to their own "flag of truce" vessel usually employed as a cartel, but of an unknown name. From their own vessel they then viewed the battle and where Key was inspired to write his famous poem when he immediately jotted down the lines before being released by the British to go back to land. Still another report about a Mrs. George H. Pendleton (daughter of Key) says Key wrote the poem on September 14, however also from an unnamed vessel that was of American nature, but not the British vessel "Surprise.". Still other reports say the ship "HMS Minden" was not involved in the Battle of Baltimore and as far away as Java.
The Boston Daily Globe reports in 1886:
A letter of brother-in-law of Key, a Judge Taney, says in part as reported by the Pennsylvania Magazine 1898 p. 22-3:
The same letter goes on to say:
According to the Maryland Historical Society upon release of Beanes from the British, he, along with Skinner and Key, were put on the sloop "Minden" on or about September 8 to sail up the Chesapeake Bay toward Baltimore. They were guarded by British soldiers along with a fleet of some forty vessels going to attack Fort McHenry. The "Minden" had it sails removed and was towed by the British frigate "Surprize." The British fleet arrived at Baltimore between September 11 and September 13. The battle on Fort McHenry then began during the early morning hours of September 13. When Key saw the next morning that the flag was still flying after a fierce battle he was inspired then and there on the "Minden" to write on the back of a letter the poem "To Anacreon in Heaven", which ultimately became the Star-Spangled Banner.
Later life.
Beanes spent the remainder of his life on Academy Hill in Upper Marlboro. He died there in 1828 with his wife preceding him in 1822.

</doc>
<doc id="20365181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365181" title="December Bride (Roseanne)">
December Bride (Roseanne)

"December Bride" is an episode of the situation comedy television series "Roseanne". The episode revolves around the wedding of recurring character Leon Carp and his boyfriend Scott. "December Bride" was the eleventh episode of the show's eighth season. It was written by William Lucas Walker and directed by Gail Mancuso. The episode originally aired on ABC on December 12, 1995.
Plot.
Roseanne meets Scott (Fred Willard) at her diner and learns he will be marrying Leon (Martin Mull) at the end of the week and that Leon had left him at the altar five years earlier. Because they have to be out of town for pre-wedding counseling, Roseanne volunteers to plan the wedding for free.
Leon arrives at the wedding venue and is appalled at Roseanne's decor, which includes drag queens, male strippers and enormous pink triangles. He attempts to flee and goes so far as to claim he isn't really gay since he hates shopping, he's insensitive, he detests Barbra Streisand and he's a Republican. Roseanne counters by asking "But do you like having sex with men? GAY!" In a last desperate effort, he kisses Roseanne. He confirms that he is gay and goes forward with the wedding. With the drag queens and strippers toned down, Leon and Scott exchange their vows.
Cameos.
Mariel Hemingway reprised her role as Sharon, the woman who kissed Roseanne in the 1994 episode "Don't Ask, Don't Tell". When Roseanne's husband Dan (John Goodman) is distressed when the grooms kiss (off-screen), Roseanne chides him for making a fuss about two people of the same sex kissing and Sharon sits down behind her. Her appearance serves as a callback to the earlier episode and the controversy that surrounded it.
"December Bride" also features cameos by Christopher Morley, Alexis Arquette and David Michaels. Milton Berle famously appeared in drag in the final scene of the episode to catch the bridal bouquet.
Controversy.
ABC moved "December Bride" from its regularly scheduled broadcast time of 8:00 PM EST to 9:30 PM. An ABC spokesperson stated that this was not because of the inclusion of a same-sex wedding but because "the adult humor in this episode was more appropriate for the later time period".
Spin-off.
Roseanne Barr proposed spinning off Leon and Scott into their own series. She suggested Don Rickles and RuPaul could play an inter-racial, inter-generational neighbor couple. ABC did not accept the series, reportedly because the network believed that a series with a gay couple as the central characters could not be sustained.

</doc>
<doc id="20365185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365185" title="George Kurdahi">
George Kurdahi

George Jubrail Kurdahi () (born May 1, 1950) is a Lebanese television presenter of Palestinian descent. Kurdahi hails from the city of Acre in Palestine.
After working for the Lebanese newspaper "Lisan Elhala", Kurdahi moved to Télé Liban, then in 1979 to Radio Monte Carlo. After thirteen years, he became Head of News at Radio Orient, then General Manager of MBC FM. He quit to present "Man sa yarbah al malyoon", the local version of "Who Wants to be a Millionaire?", on MBC 1 television. 
In 2003, Kurdahi was headhunted to present a flagship talk show on the new Al Arabiya channel, and presented "Eftah Albak" (Open your Heart) on LBC.
After a year, he returned to MBC and presented a new run of "Millionaire", including in 2005 and 2006 an amended version of the show with bigger top prize called "Man sa yarbah 2 malyoon" من سيربح 2 مليون (English translation: "Who will win 2 million?").
and a local version of "Power of 10".
Kurdahi has also launched his own brand of perfume.

</doc>
<doc id="20365191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365191" title="Bill Morrow (Australian politician)">
Bill Morrow (Australian politician)

William "Bill" Morrow (1891 – 12 July 1980) was an Australian politician. Born in Rockhampton, Queensland, he received a primary education before becoming a railway worker. Having moved to Tasmania, he was Tasmanian Secretary of the Australian Railways Union 1936-1946. In 1946, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Tasmania. He lost his Labor endorsement in 1953 and stood on his own ticket, under the name of "Tasmanian Labor Party". He received 5.1% of the vote but was defeated. Morrow died in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20365195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365195" title="Clean Break (film)">
Clean Break (film)

Clean Break is a 2008 American film starring Tara Reid, Angus Macfadyen, and Colm Meaney. It was released in a few European markets in 2008 and in the United States on July 3, 2012 (as a Video On Demand title) under the title "Unnatural Causes".
Synopsis.
Julia (Tara Reid) and Matt (Angus Macfadyen) are the owners of a successful advertising agency in Barcelona. Apparently they are happily married, but Matt, a very talented professional but unstable person, is confident his wife is cheating on him. He has her followed and when he thinks his suspicions are confirmed, arranges her murder. Unable to stand his own guilt Matt commits suicide. Julia has survived the murder attempt but her life is still in danger in a world of where everything is possible for the rise to power.

</doc>
<doc id="20365206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365206" title="NFL Fever (series)">
NFL Fever (series)

NFL Fever is an American football video game series published and developed by Microsoft Game Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="20365213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365213" title="2008 FAI Cup Final">
2008 FAI Cup Final

The 2008 FAI Cup Final was a football match held at the RDS, Dublin on 23 November 2008 and was the final match of the 2008 FAI Cup competition. The match was the 85th FAI Cup Final, and the second to be held at the RDS since Lansdowne Road shut for redevelopment. The final was contested by Bohemians and Derry City, with Bohemians winning 4–3 on penalties after extra time had finished 2–2. It was the first ever FAI Cup Final to be decided by a penalty shoot-out and it was the seventh time Bohemians had won the trophy, the victory granting them a league and cup double for the season. It was the second league and cup double won by Bohemians in the 2000s. Anthony Buttimer was the referee for the match, attended by a crowd of 10,281.
The winning team qualified for the 2009–10 UEFA Europa League, the first time this competition will run. The match was broadcast live on RTÉ Two.
Team news.
As was the case for much of the season, Bohemians' manager Pat Fenlon had to adjust his defence as Jason McGuinness missed the match through suspension. In McGuinness's absence, Ken Oman partnered Liam Burns in the middle of the defence. Anto Murphy left Fenlon having to choose Jason Byrne, Mindaugas Kalonas or John Paul Kelly as his replacement. Derry City had no injury or suspension concerns in the build-up to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20365220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365220" title="Richard Dawkins bibliography">
Richard Dawkins bibliography

The following list of publications by Richard Dawkins is a chronological list of papers, articles, essays and books published by British ethologist and evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins.

</doc>
<doc id="20365225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365225" title="Chaim Walkin">
Chaim Walkin

Chaim Walkin (born 1945 in Shanghai, China) is an Orthodox rabbi, dean and lecturer.
Lineage.
Chaim Walkin is the scion of a rabbinical family. His grandfather, Rabbi Aron Walkin, was the Chief Rabbi of Pinsk, Belarus, and a Torah giant of his day
. His maternal grandfather, Rabbi Moshe Londinsky, headed the yeshiva in Radin with the Chofetz Chaim. His uncle and namesake, Rabbi Chaim Walkin, served as the last dean of the Volozhin yeshiva until World War II.
Walkin's father, Rabbi Shmuel Walkin, was active in rescue of Jews during World War II from Europe. He headed the Jewish community in Shanghai, and was famous for his warmth and care of all the refugees. Upon arrival in the U.S. he founded a synagogue for the refugee families and provided for their needs. The Shanghai refugees were his closest family until his death in 1979.
Childhood and education.
Using unauthorized transit visas, issued by the Japanese Consul Chiune Sugihara, the Walkin family escaped from the Nazis together with the Mir yeshiva (Poland) and its community from Vilna, Lithuania, via the Trans-Siberian Railway to Kobe, Japan, then to China where they found relative peace.
In 1946 the Walkin family left China for the United States and settled in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, New York. When Chaim Walkin was eight years old he was granted his American citizenship. The ceremony was commemorated with a photograph and an article on the front page of "The New York Times" and the "Herald Tribune. He began his studies at Yeshiva Chaim Berlin in Brooklyn, then in Telshe yeshiva in Cleveland, Ohio.
Immigration to Israel.
After his marriage in 1967, Walkin immigrated to Israel, settled in Jerusalem and established his place of study at the Mir yeshiva under the head of the yeshiva then, Rabbi Chaim Leib Shmuelevitz.
Positions.
After studying at the Mir yeshiva, Walkin was appointed as an instructor in Talmud at Aish HaTorah Yeshiva in the Old City of Jerusalem, and Ohr Israel Yeshiva in Petah Tikva.
In 1989, after the death of the dean of Yeshiva Ateres Israel, Rabbi Walkin moved back to Jerusalem and took the position of Dean of Rabbinical Academy and Yeshiva Ateres Israel.
Leadership and educational agenda.
Rabbi Walkin developed his signature method in line with the teachings of Rabbi Chaim Leib Shmuelevitz, with emphasis on personal attention to individual students, in groups of six to eight students at a time and short lectures with clearly defined message. He espoused a way of education through cooperation and not by harsh methods.
In July 2008, Rabbi Walkin suffered a stroke in his home in Jerusalem, which prevented him for some months from continuing his obligations in the Rabbinical Academy. After a period of rehabilitation, he returned to his position.
Awards.
City of Bnei-Brak Award for his book, The World Within, 1998.
External links.
Rabbi Walkin at YouTube - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=waLQyZUUVb4
Haredi Leader, Rabbi Aharon Leib Shteinman, visits Rabbi Chaim Walkin at his home, at Bhol.com news-site 11/09/08

</doc>
<doc id="20365227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365227" title="Kevin Barry (author)">
Kevin Barry (author)

Kevin Barry (born 1969) is an Irish writer. He is the author of two collections of short stories, and the novel City of Bohane, which was the winner of the 2013 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award.
Biography.
Born in Limerick, Barry spent much of his youth travelling, living in 17 addresses by the time he was 36. He lived variously in Cork, Santa Barbara, Barcelona, and Liverpool before settling in Sligo, purchasing and renovating a run-down Royal Irish Constabulary barracks. His decision to settle down was driven primarily by the increasing difficulty in moving large quantities of books from house to house. In Cork Barry worked as a freelance journalist, contributing a regular column to the Irish Examiner. Keen to become a writer, he purchased a caravan and parked it in a field in West Cork, spending the next six months writing what he described as a "terrible novel'.
Barry has described himself as "a raving egomaniac", one of those "monstrous creatures who are composed 99 per cent of sheer, unadulterated ego" and "hugely insecure and desperate to be loved and I want my reader to adore me, to a disturbing, stalkerish degree." He is highly ambitious, saying: "I won't be happy until I'm up there, receiving the Nobel Prize." He confessed to "haunting bookshops and hiding" to "spy on the short fiction section and see if anyone's tempted by my sweet bait" and has also placed copies of his own work in front of books by other "upcoming" authors.
In 2007 he won the Rooney Prize for Irish Literature for his short story collection "There are Little Kingdoms". In 2011 he released his debut novel "City of Bohane", which was followed in 2012 by the short story collection "Dark Lies the Island". Barry won the International Dublin Literary Award for his novel "City of Bohane" in 2013. When "City of Bohane" was shortlisted for the award in April 2013, Barry said: "Anything that keeps a book in the spotlight, and keeps people talking about books is good. [...] And a prize with money attached to it has a lot of prestige." He received €100,000 for winning the award. The prize jury included Salim Bachi, Krista Kaer, Patrick McCabe, Kamila Shamsee, Clive Sinclair and Eugene R. Sullivan. Lord Mayor of Dublin Naoise Ó Muirí said he was "thrilled" that someone of "such immense talent take home this year's award". Ó Muirí also said the characters were "flamboyant and malevolent, speaking in a vernacular like no other."
"The Montreal Gazette" described him as: "If Roddy Doyle and Nick Cave could procreate, the result would be something like Kevin Barry."

</doc>
<doc id="20365240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365240" title="Robert Wordsworth">
Robert Wordsworth

Robert Hurley Wordsworth (21 July 1894 – 22 November 1984) was an Australian politician. Born in Collarenebri, New South Wales, he was educated at North Sydney Grammar School before serving in the military from 1914 to 1947, retiring as a Major-General. He became a farmer at Westbury in Tasmania. In 1949, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Liberal Senator for Tasmania. He was defeated in 1958. In 1962, he was appointed Administrator of Norfolk Island, serving until 1964. Worsworth died in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20365259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365259" title="Elinor Z. Taylor">
Elinor Z. Taylor

Elinor Zimmerman Taylor (April 18, 1921 – July 27, 2010) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 156th legislative district from 1977 through her retirement in 2006. Taylor served in the House Republican leadership as Majority Caucus Chair. 
She attended West Chester High School, graduating in 1939. In 1943, she graduated from West Chester University, where she later received a Doctor of Public Service, honoris causa. In 1958 she earned a Master's in Education from Temple University. At various times, she attended classes at Columbia University and University of Delaware.
She was first elected to represent the 156th legislative district in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1976. During her career, she focused on higher education and constituent service. In 1982, she famously engineered a deal that led to the downfall of a West Chester University President. She was elected Republican (Majority) Caucus Secretary in 1995 and alter served in the mostly-ceremonial leadership position of caucus chairwoman. 
She retired prior to the 2006 elections with her health deteriorating. She said, "My approach has always been the idea that I could make a difference. And as long as I have been able to do that, you end the day with great satisfaction. I'm very very pleased to look back on what I consider to be a very productive experience."

</doc>
<doc id="20365270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365270" title="Warren Eckstein">
Warren Eckstein

Warren Eckstein (born April 6, 1949) is an American "pet behaviorist", animal trainer, animal rights activist, humorist, author, director of the Hugs & Kisses Animal Fund, and broadcaster in the United States who hosts "The Pet Show", a syndicated radio talk show.
Eckstein was born in Oceanside, New York, the son of Ruth and Charles Eckstein. His nephew (his sister's son) is actor Michael Rosenbaum.
Bibliography.
Books.
Books authored by Warren Eckstein include:

</doc>
<doc id="20365295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365295" title="Frank Baker (shortstop)">
Frank Baker (shortstop)

Frank Watts Baker (born October 29, 1946 in Meridian, Mississippi) is a former Major League Baseball shortstop. Baker attended school at the University of Southern Mississippi and was drafted by the New York Yankees in the 2nd round of the 1967 MLB draft. 
Baker played 146 career games with the Yankees and Baltimore Orioles, with 55 hits and a .191 average.

</doc>
<doc id="20365302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365302" title="George Cole (Australian politician)">
George Cole (Australian politician)

George Ronald Cole (9 February 1908 – 23 January 1969) was an Australian politician. Born in Don, Tasmania, he was raised in the Methodist faith of his mother, educated at state schools and then the University of Tasmania, before becoming a teacher and headmaster in state schools. 
As an Australian rules footballer with New Town, Cole excelled and won the TANFL's 'Best and Fairest' trophy in 1928. He represented Tasmania at the 1930 Adelaide Carnival. On 28 March 1932 he married a hairdresser, Kathleen Mary Cuttriss, at St Mary's Catholic Cathedral, Hobart. By this time Cole had been received into the Roman Catholic Church.
Cole served in the military 1939-1945. In 1950, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Tasmania. In August 1955, he was expelled from the Labor Party and joined seven lower house MPs in forming the Australian Labor Party (Anti-Communist), which became the Democratic Labor Party. He was elected in 1958 as a Democratic Labor Senator. He held the seat until his defeat in 1964. Cole died in 1969, aged 60.

</doc>
<doc id="20365313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365313" title="Rocky Mountain Laboratory">
Rocky Mountain Laboratory

Rocky Mountain Laboratories (RML) is part of the NIH Intramural Research Program and is located in Hamilton, Montana. Operated by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, RML conducts research on maximum containment pathogens such as Ebola as well as research on prions and intracellular pathogens such as "Coxiella burnetti" and "Francisella tularensis". RML operates one of the few Biosafety level 4 laboratories in the United States, as well as Biosafety level 3 and ABSL3/4 laboratories.

</doc>
<doc id="20365319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365319" title="Northlands College">
Northlands College

Northlands College is a post-secondary educational institution in La Ronge, Saskatchewan, Canada. 
Programs.
Northlands College offers adult basic education; business and industry; career and support services; computer training; general interest; online training; SIAST & Institute programs. Select university programs are offered at the undergraduate and graduate level in partnership with University of Saskatchewan and University of Regina.
Many programs offered by Northlands are designed to meet the unique needs of northern Saskatchewan. For example, the Radiation/Environment Technician program is the only year-long radiation monitoring training course available in Canada. Other programs, such as the Office Education program, are comparable in length and quality to similar training programs offered at other institutions.
Campus.
The institute has campuses in La Ronge; Creighton; Buffalo Narrows. Administration of the college is run out of the Administration building in Air Ronge. Programs are also offered in communities throughout northern Saskatchewan, and at a number of northern minesites.
Governance.
Northlands College was formed by the amalgamation of the La Ronge Region Community College, Westside Community College, and North East Community College in 1986. Originally known as Northlands Career College, its name was shortened in 199x to Northlands College. The college is governed by a 10-member board, representing people from across northern Saskatchewan.
Partnerships.
Northlands College offers accredited educational, vocational and skills training opportunities for the province's students in partnership with the University of Regina, the University of Saskatchewan, the SIAST, and the province's various regional colleges. The college hosts the SRnet presence in the region.
Northlands College maintains reciprocal arrangements with educational partners, including:
References.
All facts, unless otherwise stated, are from Northlands College's web site

</doc>
<doc id="20365342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365342" title="The Barbara Dickson Album">
The Barbara Dickson Album

The Barbara Dickson Album is a 1980 album released by Scottish singer Barbara Dickson.
The album was released following her return to the top 20 with the single "January February". Produced by prolific songwriter Alan Tarney, the album was a success, reaching No.7 in the UK Charts and remaining in the top 75 for three months. It was certified gold by the BPI for sales of over 100,000 in the UK. Further singles taken from the album were "In the Night" and "It's Really You".
The album was released on Compact disc in 1992.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="20365356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365356" title="HaMagen">
HaMagen

HaMagen (, "lit." The Shield), was a Jewish defense organization in Ottoman Palestine, founded by Yosef Lishansky in summer 1915. It guarded villages in the northern Negev and disbanded in summer 1917, following Lishansky's departure to Nili.
Background and founding.
At the time of HaMagen's founding, HaShomer was the only all-Jewish defense organization in Ottoman Palestine. Due to the high price, and the elitist and idealistic policies of HaShomer, most Jewish towns and villages were guarded by Arabs. An attempt was made in 1912 to create a rival organization, HaNoter, but it lasted only one year.
HaMagen was created in summer 1915, and Yosef Lishansky, who was rejected from HaShomer, became its leader. According to HaMagen's David Tsalevich, some of the organization's members were disgruntled HaShomer would-be inductees, who were not accepted despite extensive trial periods. Ben-Zion Mashevich and David Tsalevich were members of both HaShomer and HaMagen, but denied any connections with the latter.
The organization consisted of about 20 members, including men from Poale Zion. The Judea Workers' Union provided further manpower during the organization's early period.
Activities.
After negotiations, HaMagen was selected to guard four southern villages: Ruhama, Gedera, Be'er Tuvia, and Ekron (today Mazkeret Batya).
Difficulties and decline.
Although HaMagen was accused of benefitting from the gold transferred from the British to the Nili, the economic situation of most of the guardsmen (except in Ekron) was dire. They usually guarded barefoot and passed around a single pair of shoes when it was required. Food was provided by the local farmers, who took the Magen members in turn for a month each.
HaShomer, the well-established Jewish defense organization at the time, did not attempt to shut down HaMagen when it was founded, because they did not work in the same areas. However, tensions rose when HaShomer failed to take over the guarding of Gedera from HaMagen in 1916. As soon as HaShomer returned to operate in the southern town Rehovot, they officially asked the Judea Workers' Union to boycott HaMagen. The request was presided over by Levi Eshkol and Avraham Herzfeld, and denied on the grounds that HaMagen's own regulations forbade competition with HaShomer.
After Lishansky joined Nili, he was forced to neglect HaMagen, until finally rumors of his involvement in Nili caused the organization to disband. The Judea Workers' Union's later stance towards the organization contributed to its decline—the union did not boycott HaMagen, but discontinued supporting it with manpower, and following HaShomer's appeals, agreed not to help HaMagen acquire guarding positions in more villages.

</doc>
<doc id="20365389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365389" title="Prison Break (season 1)">
Prison Break (season 1)

The first season of "Prison Break", an American serial drama television series, commenced airing in the United States and Canada on August 29, 2005 on Mondays at 9:00 pm (EST) on the Fox Broadcasting Company. "Prison Break" is produced by Adelstein-Parouse Productions, in association with Rat Television, Original Television Movie and 20th Century Fox Television. The season contains 22 episodes, and concluded on May 15, 2006.
"Prison Break" revolves around two brothers: one who has been sentenced to death for a crime he did not commit and his younger sibling, a genius who devises an elaborate plan to help him escape prison by purposely getting himself imprisoned. The brothers, along with six other prisoners at Fox River State Penitentiary, manage to escape in the 21st episode of the season. In addition to the 22 regular episodes, a special, "Behind the Walls", was aired on October 11, 2005. 
A total of ten actors received star billing in the first season, with numerous supporting roles. Filming took place mostly in and around the Chicago area; Fox River was represented by Joliet Prison, which had closed in 2002. Critical reviews of the first season were generally favorable. Season one was released on DVD in Region One as a six-disc boxed set under the title of "Prison Break: Season One" on August 8, 2006.
Production.
Crew.
The season was produced by Adelstein-Parouse Productions, in association with Original Television and 20th Century Fox Television. The executive producers were creator Paul Scheuring, Marty Adelstein, Neal H. Moritz, Dawn Parouse, Brett Ratner and Matt Olmstead. The staff writers were Scheuring, co-executive producers Nick Santora and Zack Estrin, supervising producer Karyn Usher and Olmstead. The regular director throughout the season was Bobby Roth; additional directors were Jace Alexander, Matt Earl Beesley and Dwight H. Little. Its incidental music was composed by Ramin Djawadi.
Filming.
Most of the first season of the series was filmed on location in and around Chicago. After it was closed down in 2002, Joliet Prison became the set of "Prison Break" in 2005, standing in as Fox River State Penitentiary on screen. Scenes set in Lincoln's cell, the infirmary and the prison yard were all shot on location at the prison. Lincoln's cell is the same one in which John Wayne Gacy was incarcerated. Most of the production crew refused to enter the cell, thinking that it was haunted. Other sets were built at the prison, including the cell blocks that housed the general prison population; these blocks had three tiers of cells (as opposed to the real cell block's two) and had cells much larger than real cells to allow more space for the actors and cameras. Exterior scenes were filmed in areas around Chicago, Woodstock, and Joliet in Illinois. Other locations included O'Hare International Airport in Chicago and Toronto, Ontario in Canada. "Prison Break" spent $2 million per episode in the state of Illinois, which cost them a total of $24 million in 2005.
Release.
Critical reception.
Metacritic gave the season a Metascore—a weighted average based on the impressions of a select 32 critical reviews—of 65, signifying generally favorable reviews. Based on its strong opening, "The New York Times" dubbed "Prison Break" "more intriguing than most of the new network series, and ... one of the most original" and a "suspenseful thriller", complimenting its "authentic look". "Entertainment Weekly" called it an "original drama", noting the show's "edge-of-the-seat action". On the other hand, however, "The Washington Post" criticized the show for its "somber pretentiousness" and "uniformly overwrought ".
Ratings.
The two-hour pilot episode garnered approximately 10.5 million viewers, giving Fox its "best summertime Monday numbers since episodes of "Melrose Place" and "Ally McBeal" aired there in September 1998." The show's first season attracted an average audience of 10 million viewers each week and led the debuts of television in the 2005 American fall season. "Prison Break" was originally planned for a 13-episode run, but was extended to include an extra nine episodes due to its popularity.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20365393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365393" title="2008 Rugby League World Cup Final">
2008 Rugby League World Cup Final

The 2008 Rugby League World Cup final was the conclusive and world championship-deciding game of the 2008 Rugby League World Cup tournament. Played between New Zealand and Australia on 22 November 2008 at Australia's second-largest rectangular ground, Brisbane's Suncorp Stadium, the match was a re-play of the 2000 Rugby League World Cup final and its outcome determined who would become World Cup-holders for the following five years. Australia went into the final as favourites, having not only won every game of the tournament so far, but each with margins ranging from 24 to 52 points. It was Australia's 10th consecutive World Cup Final having played in each one since the second-ever in 1957, and New Zealand's 3rd. In what was one of the biggest rugby league upsets of all time, New Zealand beat Australia by 34-20 after trailing by four points at half time.
Background.
The 2008 Rugby League World Cup was the thirteenth staging of the Rugby League World Cup since its inauguration in 1954, and the first since the 2000 tournament. The tournament was held in Australia from 26 October, culminating in the final between Australia and New Zealand on 22 November. The two teams had played each other once already at this World Cup in the opening ceremony where Australia ran out easy winners.
Australia.
Australia were undefeated at this world cup coming into the final.
Match Details.
Australia went into the match as clear favorites. They had won 9 of the previous 12 Rugby League world cup's including the last six consecutively. Australia had also not lost since 2006. New Zealand had won the Tri nations in 2005 but had lost to Australia eight times in a row since that victory. The TAB offered odds of more than 20 to one on a Kiwi win by more than 13 points and New Zealand were paying $6.25 to win at many outlets. Suncorp Stadium was sold out months in advance for the final. The captains of both teams, Nathan Cayless and Darren Lockyer, were the only players in this match who had also played in the 2000 Rugby League World Cup final. 
At halftime Justin Morgan said on the BBC "It has been a great display from both teams in the first half. The Kiwis have been a little unlucky but they are still in the game and I would like to see them put the ball in the air more in the second half and see if they can get some results."
The game was the Australian team's first loss since Great Britain defeated them in November 2006 and their first loss to New Zealand since November 2005. It was also their first loss in a World Cup match since 1995 and in a final since 1972.
1.2 million Australians watched the game live on television.
Aftermath.
Hundreds of New Zealanders welcomed the team home at Auckland Airport.
Ricky Stuart, coach of the Australian team, was reported to be so incensed by his team's defeat in the final that he verbally attacked Geoff Carr, the Chief Executive of Australian Rugby League, claiming that tournament organisers and match officials conspired to cause the Australian loss. The next morning he had a chance meeting with Ashley Klein, who refereed the final, and Stuart Cummings, the Rugby Football League's director of match officials, at their hotel. He reportedly abused both officials in front of a number of witnesses, calling Klein a cheat, and behaved in an aggressive and physically intimidating manner. Stuart later apologised for his behaviour and resigned from his post.
The Kiwis were noimnated for team of the year in the Halberg Awards but lost to the gold medal rowing pair of Caroline and Georgina Evers-Swindell

</doc>
<doc id="20365402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365402" title="Ral Partha Enterprises">
Ral Partha Enterprises

Ral Partha Enterprises, Inc. of Cincinnati, Ohio produced miniature figures in 25 mm, 30 mm, 15 mm, and 54 mm scale from 1975 to 2001. Their products, manufactured by spin-casting, depicted soldiers, adventurers, and monsters inspired by history and fiction. The miniatures were sold at gaming conventions, in hobby shops, and by mail order for use in role playing games, wargaming, dioramas, competitive painting, and collecting. The company was founded by a group of wargamers around the talents of Tom Meier, a 16-year-old sculptor. The company grew with the increasing popularity of board and role-playing games. By 1982 Ral Partha products were sold worldwide. Ral Partha is best known for its historical figures, "Fantasy Collector's" series, and miniatures produced for TSR, Inc.'s "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" and FASA's "BattleTech" games.
Tom Meier became a freelance sculptor in 1988, and retains rights to much of his work for Ral Partha. He currently works on commission and operates Thunderbolt Mountain Miniatures, a boutique company for pet projects involving dioramas, 54 mm figurines, and a new series of elves and goblins. During its 26-year history Ral Partha employed more than two dozen sculptors, of whom the most prolific were Dennis Mize, Julie Guthrie, Sandra Garrity, Bob Charrette, and Dave Summers. The owners of Ral Partha Enterprises, Inc. sold the company to FASA in 1998, and was one of the assets acquired by WizKids in 2000. The following year Ral Partha was recast as Iron Wind Metals, LLC of Cincinnati, a company that continues to produce many of the old lines.
Licensees and distributors.
As early as 1979 Citadel Miniatures acquired the license to produce and distribute Ral Partha figures in Britain. Citadel Miniatures attempted to establish a U.S. division in 1982 with Ral Partha as the local manufacturer. By 1984 the Citadel Miniatures were brought under the Ral Partha logo and marketed as "Ral Partha Imports". In 1985 the import lines included the "FTx-xx Fantasy Tribes", "FAx-xx Fantasy Adventurer", "FF/31-xxx Fiend Factory", "FS/32-xx Fantasy Special", the popular "WF-xx Weird Fantasy" series with whimsical themes, "FMM-xx Fantasy Mysterious Miniatures", and "LB-xx Tabletop's Laser Burn" line of space marines. Historical lines included Romans "AR-xx", Dark Ages "DA-xx", Medievals "M-xxx" and Samurai "SAM-xx". At least two figures (FTT 3 Troll hurling rock and FTT 4 Troll in chainmail with scimitar) were sculpted by Tom Meier while visiting England in 1981.
The co-operative relationship between Ral Partha and Citadel Miniatures dissolved in the mid-1980s. As early as 1984 Ral Partha had begun replacing the Citadel figures in the "Imports" line with new sculpts. In 1986 Minifigs gained the rights to manufacture and distribute their fantasy range in Britain. The following year Ral Partha dropped Citadel Miniatures' historical lines and began to distribute Denizen Miniatures' dwarves ("33-xxx"), orcs ("34-xxx"), "36-xxx Legion of the Damned" skeletons, and "39-xxx Fantastic Adventurers".
In 1980 Ral Partha licensed select designs to Rawcliffe Pewter for the giftware market. That same year Ral Partha established a licensing agreement with RAFM, a miniatures manufacturer in Paris, Ontario, Canada. It was probably about that time, and at least by 1989, that Jeux Descartes of Paris gained the rights to distribute Ral Partha figures in continental Europe. Some early Ral Partha advertisements erroneously give the name as "Jeaux Descartes." The relationship was on-going in 1997, but was probably severed when FASA purchased Ral Partha the following year. In Australia, Ral Partha products were distributed by Military Simulations of Moorabbin, Victoria and then Bentleigh, Victoria.
Product codes.
Only a product code marked Ral Partha's early packaging and customers required a contemporary catalog in order to identify the miniature. In late 1979 the company switched from product codes that used descriptive letter and number codes to a numeric system. For example, in the series "Personalities and Things that Go Bump in the Night", "ES-001 Evil Wizard, casting spell" became 01-001, and the first figure of the 15th century Renaissance series "1501 Command Set" became 54-001. The change was not universal. Ral Partha used letter codes for Citadel Miniatures and Denizen Miniatures in their line of "Ral Partha Imports" until 1992. Ral Partha's international partners used their own systems. RAFM of Canada used the descriptive product codes as late as 1984. Jeux Descartes initially used Ral Partha's numeric codes on packaging of their own design, but new lines were introduced selectively and given codes sequential to their own series.
Throughout the company's history, figures were modified to improve reproducibility, unpopular designs were re-sculpted, and existing product codes were used for new designs. A common cause of modification was a level of detail or animation which challenged the casting technology. An industry-wide reorientation of scale from 25 mm to 30 mm in the late 1990s, and interest in removing artist's royalties from lines, also prompted new sculpts of existing lines.
Few of Ral Partha's miniatures were marked with product codes and the company's advertisements and catalogs remain a critical resource for collectors. Advertisements by Ral Partha and its British and Canadian partners appear in most editions of TSR, Inc.'s "Dragon" and Games Workshop's "White Dwarf" magazines. Product catalogs were published annually from 1978 to 1997, and in 2000. The 1998 and 1999 catalogs were combined into a single issue. Ral Partha also released Christmas catalogs in 1982 and 1983, an "Imports" catalog in 1984, historical miniatures catalogs in 1985 and 1996, a 2000 "Direct Mail Catalog", and sporadically released updated order forms which listed all the figures in production.
Company history.
Ral Partha Enterprises was formed in 1975 when Glenn E. Kidd, Tom Meier and Rich Smethurst set out to produce Meier's sculptures. Meier pioneered the sculpture of miniatures in a two-part Epoxy putty designed for automotive repair. The epoxy held detail better than traditional media and rest of the miniature industry adopted its use. When mixed together, the blue and yellow components of the putty formed a green putty which gave rise to the term "Greens" for the original artists work. Finding themselves short of funds, the three original owners took on Marc Rubin, Chuck Crain, and Jack Hesselbrock as partners. The six investors pooled USD $3,000 to purchase the equipment necessary to produce Meier's sculptures.
The company had its origins in the established hobby of historical war-gaming, but the company's rapid growth was fostered by the popularity of role-playing games. The company was named after Ral-Partha a particularly successful wizard character created by Tom's young friend John Winkler. The character was a notoriously hard bargainer whose shrewdness was exemplified by the catch phrase "What's it worth to you?" It was hoped that the fledgling company would have similar good fortune. Like their popular line of "3-stage characters," Ral Partha has had a trio of aspects. The first was a Winkler's gaming character, depicted as "ES-001 Evil Wizard, casting spell." "Ral" Winkler himself became one of the company's chief casters. Lastly, "Ral" was the company's totemic progenitor credited with collaborative projects and depicted as "10–412 Lord of the Balrogs".
Products were originally cast in the basement of 3642 Hyde Park Avenue, in the Fairfax neighborhood of Cincinnati, the home of the company's first president, Glenn E. Kidd. In the spring of 1978, the company established a factory at 3726 Lonsdale Street in the Norwood section of Cincinnati. At the time of the move, the address was erroneously rendered as 2732 and 2736 Lonsdale, but there is no 2700 block of that street. The cover of the 1978 product catalog was corrected by applying small stickers with the correct address. Those stickers have typically fallen off in the intervening years. By November 1980 Ral Partha moved to a larger industrial space at 5938 Carthage Court, where it remained until 2001.
Ral Partha's formative years were the late 1970s, when the company was a part-time basement enterprise producing the art of a teenage sculptor for a nascent gaming market. In 1979, the company became a full-time endeavor with industrial space and two professional sculptors designing products for multiple themes made popular by the rapidly-expanding gaming market. The number of sculptors and catalog of miniatures grew rapidly. In the mid-1980s, the preponderance of work moved from Ral Partha's sculptors' lines to manufacturing for nationally-marketed games. In the short run the move was economically beneficial. However, the lack of product diversity left the company vulnerable to the marketing decisions of clients for whom miniatures were a minor interest. Ral Partha's final years were spent as a subsidiary of large game producers, until the core of the company was recast as Iron Wind Metals in 2001.
Basement enterprise, 1975–1978.
The young company received early encouragement from the sale of its entire stock at Gen Con 1975, a convention of gaming enthusiasts. Ral Partha's lines and customer base grew quickly and they regularly won multiple categories of the Origins Award. Ral Partha's figures were popular with historical wargamers, but fans of fantasy themed role-playing games like TSR Inc.'s "Dungeons & Dragons" accounted for the majority of their sales. Meier's sculpts tended to carry greater detail than many of his contemporaries, but some early products presented challenges to the casting process.
One of Tom Meier's earliest lines was the "Fantasy Line", which included about two dozen figures in late 1976. Meier's "ES18 Adventuress" is credited as being the first female character for role-playing games. The fantasy line was renamed "ES/01-xxx Personalities and Things that Go Bump in the Night" in 1978, and Meier augmented the line throughout the 1980s.
As early as 1976, Meier had begun a series of soldiers from Classical antiquity which were collected together as "AN/35-xxx The Hoplites". By 1978 the line was essentially complete and included Greeks, Carthaginians, Persians, Gauls, Early Republic Romans and Macedonians. Another series begun by Meier in 1976 was a line of 11th-century knights and footmen called "11/42-xxx 1200 A.D.". The series included Vikings, English, French, Spanish, Moorish, Mongol, and Sung Chinese soldiers.
Ral Partha put "E-xxx Wizards, Warriors and Warlocks" into production in 1976, 1977, and 1979. The line included some of Meier's earliest work and much of it was executed in the style of Heritage Models, for whom he had briefly worked. The "E-xxx" series was retired in 1980, but portions of it were re-released in 1995 as part of the "19-xxx Ral Partha Remembered" line commemorating the company's 20th anniversary.
In 1978 Ral Partha acquired The Old Guard's "Legions of the Petal Throne" line of figures for TSR Inc.'s "Empire of the Petal Throne," a role-playing game based on M. A. R. Barker's world of Tékumel. Ral Partha retained the services of William Murray, the line's sculptor. Tom Meier and Brian Apple made contributions to the series ("T, Y, P, M, NH-xxx") in 1979, but it was discontinued later that year.
As early as 1978, Ral Partha produced three series of 15 mm historical miniatures sculpted by George Freeman of Dayton, Ohio. They included Napoleonic-era figures "N-xxx Days of the Empire", "AW-xxx American Civil War", and "AK-xxx Desert Rats", modeling the North African Campaign of World War II. Ann Gallup also contributed an "AC-xxx" series to the American Civil War line. In 1979 Ral Partha added Freeman's 25 mm "W-xxx Waterloo Collector's Series", but all of Freeman and Gallup's figures were discontinued in 1980. George Freeman's 15mm Napoleonics figures are currently available from Monday Knight Productions (see external links below).
Ral Partha's first venture into science fiction was Meier's 1978 line of space marines and space aliens "GG-xxx Galactic Grenadiers: Strike Force Alpha". Their release was in tandem with Gamescience's "Strike Team Alpha", a set designed by Michael Scott Kurtick for Meier's Galactic Grenadiers. Other early lines included collectible 54 mm figures called "S/97-xxx Partha Personalities' and lines of 25 mm dungeon accessories ("D/97-xxx") and weapons ("D/97-5xx").
Producer of signature lines, 1979–1987.
In the summer of 1978, Meier began reworking the themes of the "E-xxx" series to create the "CS/02-xxx Fantasy Collectors" line of elves. Meier's lines were successful and he began sculpting full-time in 1979. The addition of dwarves in 1979 and goblins in 1980 almost entirely replaced the "E-xxx" series. Meier added halfings in 1982 and began a series of fantasy vehicles. The first was "02–030 Dwarf Steam Cannon", released in 1983. Meier's contribution to the series was completed when "02-078 The Warmachine" and "02-020 The Elf Chariot" were put into production in 1984.
Ral Partha hired Dennis Mize in 1979. With two full-time sculptors, Ral Partha's product lines increased rapidly. Mize's first project was "H-xxx Royal Armies of the Hyborean Age" to accompany a Fantasy Games Unlimited game of the same name, based on the world of Robert E. Howard's Conan the Barbarian. The Hyborean line was dropped in 1980, and Mize introduced "53-7xx The Samurai" and a line of 15mm fantasy soldiers called "05-xxx Armies of Myth and Legend". His popular "CN/13-xxx Children of the Night" was begun by 1982 and expanded over the course of the next two years. In 1982 Mize and Meier created figures for small thematic box sets called "98-xxx The Adventurers". Mize also added to and revised Meier's "The Hoplites" and "1200 A.D." lines in 1984.
In 1979, Meier introduced "15/54-xxx Condotitieri", a line of Renaissance-era figures. The first offerings were Imperialists, to which he added Swiss and Turks in 1980. Meier expanded the historical ranges with the 1983 addition of "88-xxx The Colonials". Sculpts for the Anglo-Zulu War were augmented in 1984 with figures for the Northwest Frontier and the Sudan Campaign in 1985.
Ral Partha entered the game market in 1980 with the release of "99–001 Witch's Caldron", "99-002 Caverns Deep", "99-003 Final Frontier", and "99-004 Galactic Grenadiers", skirmish games designed by Glenn E. Kidd and Marc Rubin. "Galactic Grenadiers" included miniatures from the "GG-xxx" series. 15 mm figures from "Final Frontiers" were released in 1982 as "08-xxx Star Warriors". By 1982, the presidency of the company passed from Glenn E. Kidd to Jack Hesselbrock. The lines of 15 mm fantasy figures were taken out of production and the figures from the "Caverns Deep" and "Witch's Cauldron" games were incorporated into "98-xxx The Adventurers" in 1983. Ral Partha returned to the board game market in 1985 when they joined with Leggett Games Inc. to publish "Fortress", a skirmish-based board game which incorporated lead Ral Partha miniatures. That same year the company launched "77-xxx Partha Paints" and "Dragonscale" metallic cremes which were packaged with dragon figures.
Julie Guthrie began freelance sculpting for Ral Partha in 1983. Her first line was the "02-9xx All Things Dark and Dangerous". She worked with Meier and Mize on "98-xxx The Adventurers". Later that year, box sets of "10-3xx The Best of Ral Partha" and Julie Guthrie's "96-xxx Elfquest" figures for Chasosium's game of the same name were put into production. Guthrie expanded the "All Things Dark and Dangerous" line in 1984, 1985, and 1986. In 1984 she joined Meier and Mize to develop a short series of miniatures ("95-xxx") for Nova Games' Lost Worlds series of combat books. In 1985 Guthrie contributed two sculpts of unicorns to "PO-3xx Once Upon a Time" series designed for the giftware market, cast in lead-free alloy, and marketed as "Partha Pewter" by Rawcliffe Pewter. Their work with pewter allowed Ral Partha's mold-makers to develop the technical expertise necessary to transition to non-lead alloys in the early 1990s.
Bob Charrette joined Ral Partha in 1984 and contributed to Meier's "The Hoplites", "1200 A.D.", and "CS/02-xxx Collector Series" lines. In 1985, Charrette inaugurated figures for Chaosium's "RuneQuest" and a line of pulp adventurers. The line was initially called "20th Century Plus", but was later renamed "20-xxx The Roaring Twenties". Charrette revisited a line of figures he sculpted in 1979 to accompany Fantasy Games Unlimited's "Gangster!". Charrette updated the line to include new cinematic themes such as the intrepid archaeologist. In 1986 Charrette introduced "53-9xx Bushido", a line of miniatures for "Bushido," a game he authored and sculpted a line of figures for Fantasy Games Unlimited.
In 1986 Ral Partha sculptors crafted "01-3xx 3-Stage Characters" which consisted of three aspects with increasing amounts of arms and armor to represent a single adventurer's game career. The line was folded into the "ES/01-xxx" line in 1987. Because of their popularity with collectors and role-players, they regained status as a separate line and a place of prominence in the 1991 and subsequent catalogs.
At the same time that integrated campaign worlds like Games Workshop's "Warhammer Fantasy Battle" were showing early success, Ral Partha introduced the "Chaos Wars" theme into their 1986 and 1987 product lines. It was the first step toward unifying a collection of disparate themes into an integrated brand. In the 1986 catalog sculptors were no longer credited and a mythical "Ral Partha" rather than the president of the company addressed customers in the prologue. At about that same time, the Ral Partha staff had developed a four-page "Rules According to Ral" for medieval battles. A fantasy version by Bob Charrette was released in 1987 as part of a boxed set "Rules According to Ral: Chaos Wars". The Chaos Wars theme collected together numerous existing products, many from Meier's "ES/01-xxx" line, and their packaging was marked with stickers. The new initiative was to include "10-2xx Free Companies of Chaos Wars" box sets, but they never materialized and the figures were appended to the "CS/02-xxx Collector's Series". Among these sets were Charrette's popular "Fangs of Fury" beastmen, Tom Meier's "Korg's Killers" orcs, and Meier's "Starbrow's Select" elves. Having never fully materialized, the Chaos Wars theme was dropped in 1988 in order to give necessary attention to producing official miniatures for TSR, Inc.'s "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" game.
Ral Partha began producing a line of miniature robot war machines in 1985. The miniatures were for a game that was first called "Battledroids" and renamed "BattleTech" in 1986, for FASA's game of the same name. It was the beginning of a permanent relationship between the two companies that would eventually lead to Ral Partha's sale to FASA. Battletech products remain a leading product of Ral Partha's successor, Iron Wind Metals.
Producer of licensed lines, 1988–1995.
In 1988 Meier began his own company, Thunderbolt Mountain Miniatures, but continued to do freelance work for Ral Partha. Company president Chuck Crain hired Sandra L. Garrity, Dave Summers, and Richard Kerr as full-time sculptors to produce an official line of monsters and personalities for AD&D figures. The earliest figures included "10-56x Battlesystem Brigades (25 mm)" which included an entire 25 mm military unit in for tabletop wargames, and adventurers ("11-0xx") and monsters ("11-4xx") for role-playing games. The following year Ral Partha launched "11-9xx Battlesystem Brigades (15 mm)", "10-5xx Dragonlance and Dungeons & Dragons" boxed sets, and figures for the "11-5xx Ravenloft", "10-54x Dark Sun" boxed sets and additions to the existing lines. The "11-05x, 11-06x AD&D Personalities" of heroes and villains was released in 1994, and additional figures for the Planescape, Ravenloft, and Forgotten Realms game worlds followed in 1995. By 1997 Ral Partha had also added figures for TSR, Inc.'s Dark Sun, Council of Wyrms, and Birthright game worlds. The breadth and earning potential of the "Dungeons & Dragons" franchise drove new releases and Ral Partha scrambled to acquire the sculpting talents of British and American sculptors, including Nick Bibby, Jeff Wilhelm, Bob Olley, Chris Atkin, Walter Vail, John M. Garrity, and Jim Johnson by 1992, and Chis Fitzpatrick and Geoff Valley by 1995.
By 1991 the "20-xxx BattleTech" line had grown to include eleven box sets, and more than one hundred 'Mechs, Aerospace fighters, and ground vehicles. Ral Partha also produced 25 mm "20-9xx Mechwarriors" depicting pilots, mechanics and guards for role-playing in the BattleTech game world. That same year, Ral Partha sculptors had begun crafting figures for FASA's game Shadowrun, a role-playing game set in a futuristic cyber-world. Shadowrun miniatures had previously been produced by Grenadier Miniatures. Ral Partha introduced their sculpts ("20-5xx Shadowrun") in 1992.
The "12-xxx The All American Line" of fighters, orcs, magic-users, undead, dwarves, and elves was released in 1991 and 1992. The name of the line appears to refer to the fact that all the figures were sculpted Ral Partha's four staff sculptors. Other new lines included Richard Kerr's 1992 futuristic tanks for Steve Jackson Games' "Ogre" and the introduction of the "69-xxx" series for White Wolf, Inc.'s ' and ' in late 1993. Figures for White Wolf, Inc.'s "" followed soon after. In 1994 Dennis Mize conceptualized and sculpted "01-7xx Beastmasters", a line of carnivores and their trainers. The line was expanded the following year, but wasn't completed until 1998. In 1995 Ral Partha's sculptors crafted figures for Steve Jackson Games' "Space Knight," and dioramas called "Sculptors' Row", "The Sterling Collection", and "Encounters of the Imagination".
Initially, Ral Partha figures were cast from lead and tin alloy, but in 1993 New York legislators nearly passed a public health bill barring the use of lead in toys and miniatures. Despite the additional cost, numerous manufacturers anticipated parental concerns, similar legislation in other states, workplace safety, and began using white metal alloys. Ral Partha's staff had previously developed a lead-free alloy for their "Partha Pewter," a line of collectible figurines designed for the giftware market. In September 1993 they began using a white metal alloy they called "Ralidium" in all their products and its use marks a clear benchmark for dating old figures. The move away from lead was promoted in advertisements and bright red stickers on existing packaging. In time, New York Governor Mario Cuomo relented to hobbyists' concerns and exempted miniatures from the state's Public Health Law. However, the company never went back to lead. Ral Partha correctly anticipated the industry's movement away from lead, but the associated price increases came at a time when miniatures and role playing games were being eclipsed by collectible card games like Wizards of the Coast's 1993 hit "". In 1995 the company experimented with "Partha Plastics." The move was made well after Citadel Miniatures' successful introduction of plastic and part-plastic figures, but they were not popular with Ral Partha's older customer base.
The trouble with wizards, 1996–2001.
During Jack Hesselbrock's second term as president, Ral Partha faced a number of licensing setbacks. Steve Jackson Games' "Ogre" miniatures and all three "White Wolf" lines were discontinued in 1996 and Bob Charrette's "18-xxx Runequest" figures were discontinued the following year. In 1997 Wizards of the Coast acquired TSR, Inc. and with it, control of the rights to "Dungeons & Dragons" miniatures. After an extension to their contract, Wizards of the Coast did not renew Ral Partha's license for "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" miniatures and the figures went out of production at the end of 1998 These miniatures are highly sought after by collectors who believe that Wizards of the Coast ordered the master molds and all remaining product to be destroyed.
The loss of "Dungeons & Dragons" and other licenses meant that FASA's BattleTech figures became the majority of Ral Partha's revenue. Under threat of also losing those lines and financial difficulties, the owners of Ral Partha sold the company in 1998 to FASA and Lanier Hurdle and Mike Hurdle, owners of Zocchi Distribution, a hobby shop supplier. FASA gained sole ownership in the spring of 1999, and Ral Partha began to produce miniatures for FASA's "Crimson Skies", ', and ' games. No sooner were these miniatures in stores when FASA ceased production of all their games.
A casualty of the Ral Partha sale was a set of miniature rules developed by an outside work group called "Ral Partha Publishing." The game was first introduced in the 1997 Ral Partha catalog flier as "14-001 Bloodstorm." The project was retitled "Battlestorm" and published later that year. The game was advertised as the first volume of the "Fables Gamesystem," but no subsequent installments were issued.
In January 2001 WizKids acquired the bulk of Ral Partha's product lines as part of their purchase of FASA's "BattleTech" and "Shadowrun" games. WizKids purchased the rights to some figures from Ral Partha sculptors and the remainder reverted to the artist. Meier retained his "15/54-xxx Condotitieri," "88-xxx The Colonials", and most of the "CS/02-xxx Fantasy Collectors" lines. Charrette remained in possession of his "53-9xx Bushido" figures. In March 2001 Ral Partha began producing collectible metal versions of the WizKids 64-figure "Mage Knight" Rebellion set.
Iron Wind Metals, 2001–present.
In late 2001 Ral Partha was spun off from WizKids and renamed Iron Wind Metals, LLC, with longtime general manager Michael Noe as president. Iron Wind Metals reestablished production with Mark Rubin, an original owner, and much of the same staff, molds, and license agreements. They continue to use the name Ral Partha in reference to the early designs and produce figures under license from Ral Partha-era sculptors.
Sculptors, artists and mold-makers.
Ral Partha's sculptors, artists, and mold-makers and the years in which they worked for the company:
Principal Sculptors
Mold-Makers and Production Managers
Graphic Artists and Illustrators
Contributing Sculptors
Awards.
Origins Awards / H.G. Wells Awards
Origins Hall of Fame
Strategist Club "Creativity in Wargaming" Award
The Courier Award
Games Day Awards
References in popular culture.
The company was honored by the writers of the television show "Andromeda" by the naming of a fictional planet "Ral Parthea," a nature preserve of an ancient race of aliens. The miniature company's name has been adopted by the San Francisco "Scandinavian Preppy" band Ral Partha Vogelbacher. Reportedly the last part of the band's name was the surname of a childhood bully of one of the members, and forms a statement of the nerd pride movement.
External links.
Sources for Ral Partha Miniatures:
Companies who employ or have employed Ral Partha's sculptors, artists and mold-makers:

</doc>
<doc id="20365464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365464" title="Beaufort (dinghy)">
Beaufort (dinghy)

The Beaufort is a substantial GRP sailing dinghy, with round bilges (appearing similar to a carvel smooth hull, a mainsail and a jib. 
It was designed by Ian Proctor circa 1965. It's a relatively stable cruising dinghy, and is equipped with a metal centreplate.
The Beaufort sail mark is a trumpet with a black square beneath and a white "B" within the black square.

</doc>
<doc id="20365478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365478" title="Jack Chamberlain (politician)">
Jack Chamberlain (politician)

John Hartley "Jack" Chamberlain (29 April 1884 – 16 January 1953) was an English-born Australian politician. Born in Lancashire, he migrated to Australia as a child and was educated at state schools in Latrobe, Tasmania. He served in the military 1914-1918 and returned to farm at Preston. In 1934 he was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly as the United Australia Party member for Darwin, serving as Deputy Leader of the Liberal Party and the Opposition 1950-1951. In 1951 he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Liberal Senator for Tasmania. He died in 1953, necessitating the appointment of John Marriott to replace him.

</doc>
<doc id="20365485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365485" title="Baron of Cymmer-yn-Edeirnion">
Baron of Cymmer-yn-Edeirnion

Baron of Cymmer-yn-Edeirnion was the title used by the Hughes of Gwerclas family, the descendants of Owain Brogyntyn youngest son of Madog ap Maredudd king of Powys. In the fifteenth century their principal residence was Plas Uchaf.

</doc>
<doc id="20365516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365516" title="Mud Caves">
Mud Caves

The Mud Caves are a popular feature in Anza Borrego Desert State Park in San Diego County, California. The caves, located in the Carrizo Badlands, along the Arroyo Tapiado, were created by water flowing through a thick deposit of silt and are an example of Pseudokarst topography. There are at least 22 caves, some up to in length and in height. Many of the caves are easily accessed.
Some of the caves found here include:

</doc>
<doc id="20365544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365544" title="PONY Magazine">
PONY Magazine

PONY (also PONY Magazine) is a subscription magazine published in the United Kingdom by DJ Murphy.
History.
The magazine was founded in 1949 by David J. Murphy. 
Mascots.
PONY Magazine has several "mascots" in the form of two Connemara ponies (Duggie and Solomon) and a blue roan Shetland named Colonel. The magazine also features a cartoon pony named Charlie.
Duggie 
Duggie is a grey Connemara gelding, measuring 14.2 hands. Articles are frequently written from his point of view, so as to give the readers a first-pony view on matters. He typically speaks in an informal dialect, using certain slang words and emulating an accent. He typically portrays himself as hardy on the outside, but a "real softie" deep down. He has a section in the "Pony Whispers" entitled "Duggie's last word" where he says a few sentences about the weather, etc.
Solomon
Solomon is a bay Connemara gelding. He is frequently showed as being rather "wussy" by his apparent friend Duggie. 
Colonel
Colonel is a blue roan Shetland pony, with a "wise-guy" personality. He is the oldest of all the mascots. Thus, he is a source of wisdom to the two younger ponies. He suffers from sweet itch.
Charlie
Charlie is a bay, cartoon pony who stands on two legs. He has his own section of the magazine (Charlie's Mag Club) which is filled with drawings from fans as well as a brief letter from him and a 4-panel cartoon. If one is a member of the club, then you can cut out "Charlie Points" to redeem for rosettes or other gifts. The section spans a double page. 
He has a sister, Charlene, a girlfriend (Sofia) although she is rarely referenced in recent magazines, and a mother who tends to tell embarrassing stories about him in her small section of his pages.

</doc>
<doc id="20365552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365552" title="A. L. Philpott">
A. L. Philpott

Albert Lee 'A. L.' Philpott (July 29, 1919–September 28, 1991) was an American politician of the Democratic Party. He served in the Virginia House of Delegates for 33 years starting in 1958, and was its Speaker from 1980 until his death.
Early life; career outside politics.
Philpott was born in Philpott, Henry County, Virginia to John Elkanah Philpott and Mary Gertrude Prillaman Philpott. He attended public schools in Henry County, graduating from Bassett High School. He went on to the University of Richmond, getting a BA degree in 1941. After service in the United States Army Air Forces in World War II, he resumed legal studies at Richmond, obtaining a JD degree in 1947.
In August 1941 Philpott married Katherine Apperson Spencer of Lynchburg, Virginia. They had three children, Albert Jr., Judy and Carole. Carole Philpott died in 1955.
Political career.
Philpott was elected to two terms as Commonwealth's Attorney of Henry County, in 1951 and 1955. In 1957, midway through his second term, he won election to the House of Delegates. Philpott and another freshman, Robert L. Clark, were elected to a two-member district representing Henry and Patrick Counties and the city of Martinsville, replacing two two-term veterans, William F. Stone (who was elected to the Senate of Virginia) and William F. Carter. This election took place during the period of massive resistance to racial desegregation in Virginia, led by United States Senator Harry F. Byrd. Philpott established himself as a supporter of continued segregation.
In 1972, Philpott's district, now numbered the 13th, was expanded to a three-member district that also included Pittsylvania County. In 1978, he became Majority Leader and chair of the Corporations, Insurance and Banking Committee. Two years later, he succeeded the retiring John Warren Cooke as Speaker.
Speaker of the House.
Philpott blocked a 1982 bill by Senator Douglas Wilder of Richmond to create a state holiday to honor the birthday of Martin Luther King, Jr.. Later that year, he publicly referred to five African-American legislators as "boys", a statement for which he apologized the next day. In 1985, when Wilder was elected the state's first African-American Lieutenant Governor, Philpott provided an early endorsement that Wilder later called a "turning point" in the campaign.
Death.
Philpott suffered from various forms of cancer for nearly twenty years. On September 24, 1991 he announced he would not continue serving in the House of Delegates. He died at his home on September 28.
Philpott was buried in Roselawn Burial Park in Martinsville.
In 1992, the Virginia General Assembly created the A. L. Philpott Manufacturing Center, initially charged with various responsibilities for retraining displaced workers and developing manufacturing technologies in Southside Virginia. In 1997, it was renamed Virginia's A. L. Philpott Manufacturing Extension Partnership (VPMEP) and its mission was expanded to help create and maintain industrial and manufacturing jobs throughout the Commonwealth as part of the NIST MEP network.

</doc>
<doc id="20365556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365556" title="Horse&amp;Rider">
Horse&amp;Rider

Horse&Rider (also Horse&Rider Magazine) is a subscription magazine published in the United Kingdom by Signature Publishing Ltd. It is issued 13 times per year and features "riding and practical advice for your horse." It is claimed to be one of the UK's leading equestrian magazines for riders and horse owners.
History.
The magazine was founded by David J. Murphy in 1950, under the title "Showjumping" then "Light Horse." After decades as "Light Horse", in 1981 the title was changed to "Horse&Rider." David Murphy's company, DJ Murphy, remained owned and operated by his family until 1996, when Signature Publishing bought the company, including both "Horse&Rider" and "PONY".

</doc>
<doc id="20365565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365565" title="John Marriott (Australian politician)">
John Marriott (Australian politician)

John Edward Marriott (16 February 1913 – 13 April 1994) was an Australian politician. Born in Elliot, Tasmania, he was educated in Hobart at Hutchins School before serving in the military 1940-1945. He was a staff member with the Tasmanian Liberal Party from 1945 to 1949, and was Secretary to the Tasmanian Opposition Leader 1949-1953. In 1953, he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a Liberal Senator for Tasmania following the death of Senator Jack Chamberlain. On 14 September 1971 he was appointed an Assistant Minister, but he retired in 1975. Marriott died in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20365611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365611" title="Movie Underground">
Movie Underground

Movie Underground was a weekly television program produced in the U.S. by WGN America that aired from 2008 to 2010.
The show revolved around the character The Night Watchman (played by Marc Chase) who guarded the Fortress of Television Innovation. His job was to guard the movie vault and protect the viewer from mediocre television. Every week, the Night Watchman mined a new movie from the vault for the show. 
Each movie included commentary and trivia facts from The Night Watchman and his sexy co-host, The Nightie Watchman, played by April Rose.
Most segments were directed and produced by Paul Crossey with help from crews from local station WGN-TV. 
As of fall 2010, Movie Underground was dropped from the fall lineup, along with WGN America's Outta Sight Retro Night and Way Back Wednesdays With Winslow.

</doc>
<doc id="20365627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365627" title="Richard Passamaneck">
Richard Passamaneck

Dr. Richard Passamaneck is a Mechanical engineering senior lecturer at the Colorado School of Mines in Golden, Colorado. He is also a well known engineering consultant and is the founder and owner of Propellant Fracturing & Stimulation, LLC.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Dr. Passamaneck received his Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees from University of California, Los Angeles and his PhD in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Southern California.
Career.
After graduating from USC, Dr. Passamaneck joined NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory performing research into solid rocket propellants. In 1982, Dr. Passamaneck joined the faculty of the Colorado School of Mines as a Professor of Mechanical Engineering. Over the past 18 years, Dr. Passamaneck has become one of only a small number of experts in the field of oil and gas well stimulation with propellants. His work in the area of solid rocket propellant systems led to the patented PFS system for fracturing oil and gas well formations, and is the cornerstone of PFS technology. Dr. Passamaneck continues to develop and refine the technology that will establish PFS as the unparalleled leader in propellant fracturing technologies for the oil and gas industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20365674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365674" title="Perth and District Collegiate Institute">
Perth and District Collegiate Institute

Perth and District Collegiate Institute (PDCI) is the oldest secondary school in the town of Perth, Ontario. It is part of the Upper Canada District School Board. PDCI was previously known as Perth Collegiate Institute (PCI) and Perth High School. It is located at 13 Victoria Street, Perth, Ontario. 

</doc>
<doc id="20365689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365689" title="Brian Toal">
Brian Toal

Brian P. Toal (born March 8, 1985) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Las Vegas Locomotives in the UFL Premiere Season Draft in 2009. He played college football at Boston College.
He has also been a member of the New York Jets.
Early years.
Toal grew up in Wyckoff, New Jersey. After a high school senior season in which he made 106 tackles and 10.5 sacks as a linebacker and ran for 1,063 yards and 32 touchdowns as a half back, Toal was named an All-American by "USA Today" and "Parade", selected as the New Jersey Player of the Year by Gatorade and "The Star-Ledger", and chosen to play in the U.S. Army All-American Bowl where he scored 3 touchdowns. A two-time All-State first-team selection, he led Don Bosco Preparatory High School to back-to-back NJSIAA Parochial Group 4 titles (2002 and 2003). Toal also excelled on Don Bosco's track team, winning the 100 and 200 meters and shot put events at the league meet as a junior. Toal has 2 other brothers and is the son of Greg Toal (Don Bosco Prep Coach).
College career.
One of the most coveted recruits in BC football history, Toal played in all 12 games as a true freshman, starting the final nine. He made his college debut in the season opener at Ball State, making one solo stop and four assisted tackles. He was named Big East Defensive Player of the Week after a career-high 15 tackles (12 solos, two tackles for loss) against Rutgers. He finished as BC's second-leading tackler with 77 (37 solos). He also recorded 4.5 tackles for loss, two pass breakups, one forced fumble and one blocked punt. He was selected as the 2004 Big East Rookie of the Year and a The Sporting News Freshman All-American. He made seven tackles in BC's Continental Tire Bowl victory of North Carolina.
Playing on offense, defense, and special teams, Toal recorded 53 tackles (32 solos), seven tackles for loss, two sacks, one forced fumble, one pass breakup on defense, one blocked field goal, and carried the ball 21 times for 49 yards and a team-high six touchdowns, including a one-yard touchdown to give BC an overtime victory against Clemson. Toal only played sparingly against Boise State in the MPC Computers Bowl, recording one assisted tackle.
Toal played in all of BC's 13 games, finishing the year with 50 tackles (29 solo) stops, 4.5 tackles for loss, one fumble recovery, two pass breakups, and two interceptions. On offense, he ran 19 times for 35 yards for a team high five touchdowns. Toal also had one receiving touchdown as a running back. He had one assisted tackle and a one-yard touchdown run against Navy in the Meineke Car Care Bowl. 
Toal started out the 2007 season on the The Sporting News Preseason All-ACC second team and on the watch lists for the Bednarik and Butkus Awards. He would miss the entire season, however due to a right shoulder injury. After receiving a Medical Redshirt, Toal returned for his senior season in 2008. His college career would come to an early end, however, as he suffered a season-ending injury (broken right fibula) against Virginia Tech on October 18.
Professional career.
Las Vegas Locomotives.
Toal went undrafted in the 2009 NFL Draft, but was drafted by the Las Vegas Locomotives in the 2009 UFL Draft and signed with the team on August 5, 2009.
New York Jets.
Toal signed a future contract with the New York Jets on January 5, 2011. He was waived on August 23.

</doc>
<doc id="20365697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365697" title="List of ibuprofen brand names">
List of ibuprofen brand names

This table lists the various brand names under which the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug ibuprofen is sold.

</doc>
<doc id="20365700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365700" title="Robert D'Avanzo">
Robert D'Avanzo

Robert D'Avanzo is an American actor of stage, screen and television. He has studied and trained with some of the most notable figures in the American Theatre, Joshua Logan, Edward Albee and Hume Cronyn. He was a protégé of the late Charles Nelson Reilly. Charles Nelson Reilly went on record to compare Robert's teachings to that of both Uta Hagen and Jose Quintero.
He resides in Los Angeles and is considered one of Hollywood's top acting coaches. His acting roles include Ernesto, the hired assassin in "Miami Vice" and Felipe Horowitz in "It's Like, You Know...".

</doc>
<doc id="20365707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365707" title="Service Program for Older People">
Service Program for Older People

Service Program for Older People (SPOP) is a community-based mental health agency that has served older adults for 36 years and is one of the only agencies in Manhattan to focus on the mental health needs of older people. SPOP's services include "individual counseling, group therapy and support groups, mental health home visits, medication management, psychosocial assessment, adult day care, family counseling and caregiver support, information and referral and education".
History.
Originally called "New York Service Program for Older People", SPOP was founded in 1972 by a consortium of health care and social service providers that recognized the need for mental health services among the older population of Manhattan’s West Side. Beginning as a program called "Selfhelp Community Services, Inc.", SPOP became an independent, nonprofit organization in 1979 with funding from the New York City Department of Mental Health, Mental Retardation & Alcoholism Services (now the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene). In 2006, the agency’s name was changed to "Service Program for Older People".
Finance.
Funding for SPOP is provided by city and state agencies; Medicaid, Medicare and private insurance reimbursements; fees, and the contributions of foundations, corporations and individual donors. SPOP is a member of The Federation of Protestant Welfare Agencies, which receives Federal grants. SPOP organization is a 501(c)(3) Public Charity.

</doc>
<doc id="20365721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365721" title="Gaudentius (son of Aëtius)">
Gaudentius (son of Aëtius)

Gaudentius (Rome, c. 440 - after 455) was the son of Flavius Aetius. F. M. Clover has persuasively argued that his mother was Pelagia, a Gothic noblewoman and the widow of Bonifacius.
He was born in Rome, probably in 440, and was baptized before his first birthday. Scholars identify him as the unnamed subject of a poem of Flavius Merobaudes. In 454 his father and emperor Valentinian III arranged a marriage alliance, which included the marriage between Gaudentius and Placidia, but that year his father was killed by Valentinian himself. In 455, the Vandals sacked Rome; Gaundentius was one of the countless thousands made a prisoner and brought back to Africa. Gaiseric claimed that his following attacks to Italy were to recover Gaudentius's legacy.

</doc>
<doc id="20365722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365722" title="Robert Wardlaw">
Robert Wardlaw

Robert Wardlaw (5 August 1889 – 27 June 1964) was an Australian politician. Born in Mathinna, Tasmania, he was educated at state schools before serving in the military 1914-1920. He returned to become a shopkeeper at Ringarooma and later a farmer and pig breeder. He was President of the Tasmanian Farmers' Federation 1949-1951 and was also a company director. In 1953 he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Liberal Senator for Tasmania. He held the seat until his retirement in 1961. Wardlaw died in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20365752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365752" title="Joe Ward (baseball)">
Joe Ward (baseball)

Joseph Aloysius Ward (September 7, 1884 – August 11, 1934) is a former Major League Baseball player who played second base for the Philadelphia Phillies in the season. He also played for the Phillies in 1909-1910 seasons and also part of 1909 with the New York Highlanders. In 166 games, Ward had 110 hits in 465 at-bats, with a .237 batting average. He batted and threw right-handed. He was born and died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20365761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365761" title="John Bryn Roberts">
John Bryn Roberts

John Bryn Roberts (8 January 1843 – 14 April 1931) was a Welsh lawyer, later a judge and Liberal politician.
Family and education.
Roberts was born the eldest son of Daniel Roberts from Llanddeilionen, near Bangor, a Caernarfonshire tenant farmer on the Vaynol estate and Anne Jones of Plas Gwanas, Merionethshire. The family were modestly well-off and could afford to employ a maidservant. Daniel Roberts was later able to buy his own farm at Trefarthen on Anglesey, as well as fourteen cottages at Llanrug, share-holdings in public utilities and part-ownership of a schooner plying the coastal freight-trade. In religion the family were Calvinistic Methodists. John Bryn Roberts never married.
John received private tuition at home and was then sent to Cheltenham Grammar School.
Career.
In 1860 John Roberts went to Chester to study land surveying but in 1863 he took over the management of his father’s old tenant farm at Bryn Adda, south of Bangor. Soon afterwards his brother, Hugh, who had been working in a solicitor’s office in Caernarfon told John he was unhappy there and John offered him the management of the farm in return for his job with the solicitor. John took to the staid business of the law, which his brother had so found so stultifying, and decided to make it his career. In 1868 he passed his law examinations with distinction and received the Clifford’s Inn prize from the Incorporated Law Society. He set up practice in Bangor and Llangefni on the North Wales Circuit, choosing to live at the family farm at Bryn Adda. In 1889, he was called to the Bar at Lincoln’s Inn. In 1906 he was appointed a county court judge in Glamorgan, although the possibility of a judgeship had apparently been mooted as early as 1886 and he rose to become a Deputy Chairman of Quarter Sessions. Roberts was transferred to the North Wales and Chester circuit in 1918 until his retirement in 1921. As a judge he heard a number of hard cases involving industrial and workmen’s compensation law and in the heady atmosphere of industrial relations of this time, against the background of the Taff Vale judgement he acquired a reputation, especially within the South Wales Miners Federation, for being anti-union and anti-labour. However, Roberts’ biographer, Jack Eaton, cites from a number of Roberts’ cases and rulings on appeal which he believes indicates these anti-labour accusations are incorrect. Eaton does however concede that Roberts was ‘nonplussed’ by the legislation on workmen’s compensation.
Entering politics.
Roberts’ nonconformity, his work in the law for the rights of tenant farmers against the Tory landowners and his own ideas about Free Trade and self-help predisposed him towards the Liberal Party and his education and position in North Wales society attracted the party to him. In 1882 he was approached about the possibility of standing for Parliament as Liberal candidate in Caernarfon Boroughs which was later to become the fiefdom of David Lloyd George. In 1884 he was asked to stand for Anglesey and he eventually agreed to be nominated for the new seat of Eifion or South Caernarvonshire which was being created for the 1885 general election. Roberts’ selection as Liberal candidate for Eifion was contested and not without controversy. Supporters of his Congregationalist opponent, R Pughe Jones, complained that no meeting of the whole local Liberal Association had been called and that only the delegates, who were predominantly Methodists like Roberts, had been asked for their opinion.
The 1885 general election.
Despite these objections, Roberts was selected to be the Liberal candidate and his 1885 election address emphasised his support for the disestablishment of the Anglican Church in Wales, the expansion of intermediate education, land reform, reform of the legal system, Free Trade, improved Parliamentary procedures to restrict Tory and Irish Nationalist obstructionism and his anti-war, anti-imperialist beliefs. 
Another issue in the election was an industrial dispute at the Dinorwic Quarry but which was complicated by being interpreted as, as much an attack by the proprietor and local landowner on the religion and class of his workers, as a conflict over wages and conditions.
Despite suffering from a speech impediment which restricted his ability as a political orator, Roberts was an effective enough candidate and the result of the election was a victory over his Tory opponent, a member of the local squirearchy, Hugh Ellis-Nanney, by 4,535 votes to 2,573 on a turnout of 80%. Ellis-Nanney later suffered another Parliamentary defeat when he failed to hold the Conservative seat of Caernarvon Boroughs in a by-election held on 10 April 1890 when his opponent was David Lloyd George.
Politics, 1885-1906.
Roberts held his seat at Eifion at every general election until he resigned as an MP in June 1906 upon his appointment as a county court judge. During his time in Parliament, Roberts was a noted orthodox Gladstonian and was hostile to the radical, nationalist group of Welsh MPs like Lloyd George and the supporters of Cymru Fydd. In fact he was highly critical of Lloyd George and Cymru Fydd and publicly accused Lloyd George of conspiring with the Tories and Parnellites in his disestablishment rebellion of May 1895, commenting that this was a prime factor in the downfall of Lord Rosebery’s government at the general election of 1895. The Welsh Unionists performed well in this election gaining six Liberal seats and reducing Liberal majorities across many constituencies, explaining the ferocity of Roberts’ attack on Lloyd George. It is little wonder that in his later political life he was described as an Asquithian Liberal. However Roberts and Lloyd George were as one in their opposition to the Boer War. with Roberts being described as a ‘sentimental politician’ on the issue and a member of the ‘extreme peace party’. Some historians have disparaged Roberts as complacent and plodding, noted his tendency to the putting on of airs and graces or pointed out an inherent cautiousness. In the view of John Grigg, Roberts was “too awkward” to succeed, never becoming a minister or rising higher than a county court judge despite having a good political mind and being an excellent lawyer. His decision to resign in 1906 and accept the offer of the county court judgeship has been seen by some as an escape from the coming radical Liberal politics with which he found little favour.
Other appointments.
Roberts was a Justice of the Peace and a county Alderman of Caernarfonshire and in 1897 he was appointed Deputy Lieutenant for the county.
Death.
Roberts died at his home, Bryn Adda, at the age of 88 years on 14 April 1931.
Papers.
A large collection of Roberts’ private papers, letters and diaries have been deposited at the National Library of Wales in Aberystwyth. They have been used extensively by Jack Eaton in his biography of Roberts. Eaton says that there is some indication in the papers that Roberts began an attempt to write his memoirs but never completed the task.

</doc>
<doc id="20365772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365772" title="Spheciospongia vesparium">
Spheciospongia vesparium

Spheciospongia vesparium is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera.
While it is highly toxic to fish, it is known to be preyed upon by the hawksbill turtle, "Eretmochelys imbricata".

</doc>
<doc id="20365784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365784" title="Uncial 0249">
Uncial 0249

Uncial 0249 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 10th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of Matthew 25:1-9, on 2 parchment leaves (21 cm by 15 cm), with some lacunae. Possibly it was written in two columns per page, 15 lines per page, in uncial letters. Survived leaves are in a fragmentary condition. 
It is a palimpsest, the upper text contains the text of Psalms with a commentary.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 10th century.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Bodleian Library (Auct. T. 4.21, ff. 326, 327) in Oxford. 
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed with a strong element of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category III. 

</doc>
<doc id="20365790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365790" title="John Anderson (pitcher)">
John Anderson (pitcher)

John Charles Anderson (November 23, 1929 – December 20, 1998) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played in parts of three seasons spanning 1958–1962 for the Philadelphia Phillies, Baltimore Orioles, St. Louis Cardinals, and Houston Colt .45s.

</doc>
<doc id="20365795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365795" title="Bob Poke">
Bob Poke

Albert George "Bob" Poke (16 February 1906 – 4 January 1989) was an Australian politician. Born in Somerset, Tasmania, he was educated at state schools before becoming an engine driver and timber worker. He was also Secretary of the Timberworkers' Union. In 1955, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Tasmania. He held the seat until his retirement in 1974. Poke died in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20365813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365813" title="Mike Benson (screenwriter)">
Mike Benson (screenwriter)

Mike Benson is an American television writer and show runner, who has also been writing comics for Marvel Comics.
Biography.
His past credits include writer and co-executive producer of "Entourage" and "The Bernie Mac Show." In TV, Mike Benson's name is listed as Michael Benson. Michael's writing and producing partner is Marc Abrams. In 2006 they founded their production shingle, Catapult 360, which signed a two-year, seven-figure overall deal with Universal Media Studios to develop and produce drama, comedy and reality programming. Abrams & Benson write some projects themselves, in addition to supervising and co-developing with other scribes.
Benson's most recent projects include "Scar Tissue" with Anthony Kiedis for HBO, based on the book of the same name.
Benson is also a rising comic book star who's credits include "Moon Knight", "Punisher", "Wolverine", and a "Luke Cage Noir" for Marvel.
Works.
Screen.
Screenwriting work includes:
Comics.
Comics work includes
Awards.
Awards he has won, or been nominated for, include:
Notes.
7. http://www.variety.com/article/VR1118000444.html?categoryid=14&cs=1
References.
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/11/22/books/bestseller/bestgraphicbooks.html?_r=1
http://www.popcultureshock.com/2010-glyph-comics-awards-winners/55229/

</doc>
<doc id="20365818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365818" title="HMS Venus">
HMS Venus

Five ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Venus", after Venus, the goddess of love in Roman mythology: 

</doc>
<doc id="20365844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365844" title="Menlo Park Presbyterian Church">
Menlo Park Presbyterian Church

Menlo Park Presbyterian Church, or MPPC, is a congregation located in Menlo Park, California. It was officially organized November 30, 1873. Its congregation has over 3,382 members as of 2012. It was listed as the 17th Most Influential Church in America according to a 2007 survey.
The original site was donated less than a year after the church was founded, and MPPC met for 76 years at 700 Santa Cruz Avenue and Chestnut, until the church built its current facility at 950 Santa Cruz Avenue in 1950, where it remains now. The "Open Doors" campaign led to the openings of two new campuses: the North Campus in San Mateo and the South Campus in Mountain View, in 2007 and 2008. The church also holds two Sunday services at the site of its original location, 700 Santa Cruz Avenue, behind Ace Hardware store.
MPPC is led by Senior Pastor John Ortberg, widely known evangelical author and speaker.
On March 2nd, 2014, the congregation voted to affirm the recommendation of the session to depart the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) in order realign with the ECO: A Covenant Order of Evangelical Presbyterians denomination.

</doc>
<doc id="20365867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365867" title="Thatcher, Utah">
Thatcher, Utah

Thatcher is a census-designated place in Box Elder County, Utah, United States. It is a small farming community, located southwest of Bothwell and west of Tremonton. The population was 789 at the 2010 census.
The community was named for Moses Thatcher, an apostle for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Thatcher was first settled in 1890.
Thatcher Mountain, to the west, is named after the community.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 789 people residing in the CDP. There were 230 housing units. The racial makeup of the town was 95.9% White, 0.5% Black or African American, 0.1% American Indian and Alaska Native, 0.1% Asian, 0.1% Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander, 1.6% from some other race, and 1.5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.4% of the population.

</doc>
<doc id="20365891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365891" title="Forum of Indian Leftists">
Forum of Indian Leftists

The Forum of Indian Leftists (FOIL), is a group of over 300 left-wing activists of Indian background. The organization describes itself as " 'a clearinghouse for radical Indian activists in the United States, Canada and England' ". Its purpose is described by its founders as " 'some place for us to share information, offer support, and encourage each other to write in the open media on issues pertaining to Indians overseas and India itself, and help build projects that make our radical politics more material' ".
Founders.
Two of the co-founders of FOIL are Biju Mathew and Vijay Prashad.
IDRF controversy.
On November 20, 2002 FOIL published a report, titled 'The Foreign Exchange of Hate IDRF and the American Funding of Hindutva', accusing the India Development and Relief Fund (IDRF), an organization which raised money in the United States, of 'funding hate' for sending money to Indian movements that participated in the attacks of Muslims in Gujurat, India in 2002. The report was termed as misleading Marxist propaganda by IDRF who later published a report of their own responding to the charges leveled by FOIL.

</doc>
<doc id="20365906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365906" title="Elliot Lillico">
Elliot Lillico

Alexander Elliot Davidson Lillico (5 September 1905 – 1 November 1994) was an Australian politician. Born in Penguin, Tasmania, he was educated at Scotch College in Melbourne before becoming a farmer and grazier. He served on Kentish Council before his election, in 1943, to the Tasmanian Legislative Council for Meander. In 1958, he left the Assembly to successfully contest the Australian Senate as a Liberal candidate for Tasmania. He retired in 1974. Lillico died in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20365919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365919" title="Volkswagen Challenger">
Volkswagen Challenger

The Volkswagen Challenger is a professional tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually at the Tennisclub Grün-Gold Wolfsburg in Wolfsburg, Germany, since 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20365971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365971" title="Don Devitt">
Don Devitt

Donald "Don" Michael Devitt (11 July 1921 – 10 July 2008) was an Australian politician. Born in Launceston, Tasmania, he was educated at state schools before becoming a council clerk. He served in the military 1942–1945, after which he became a farmer and high school bursar. In 1964, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Tasmania. He held the seat until his retirement in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20365998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20365998" title="National Park Community College">
National Park Community College

National Park Community College is a two-year institution of higher learning located in Hot Springs, Arkansas. NPCC was founded in 2003 as a result of a merger between Garland County Community College and Quapaw Technical Institute, which had been established in 1973 and 1969, respectively. It is one of the state's largest community colleges, enrolling 3,000 students annually in credit programs and an additional 3,800 students in non-credit programs. The name of the college is derived from its location adjacent to Hot Springs National Park.
In 2006, as part of its initial capital campaign, the college received a donation of 1.5 million dollars from Frederick M. Dierks of Hot Springs, who had been associated with a business and owned timberland and produced pulp and paper, and that was sold to Weyerhaeuser in 1969. This was the largest cash donation in the history of Arkansas community colleges. These funds were purposed for a new nursing and health sciences facility. By December 2007, the college had raised an additional $900,000 for the campaign and initiated a joint program in early-childhood and middle-school teaching with Henderson State University.
In 1994, when it was known as Garland County Community College, the college was censured by the American Association of University Professors for failure to abide by the "1940 Statement of Principles on Academic Freedom and Tenure" and "1958 Statement on Procedural Standards in Faculty Dismissal Proceedings". the censure remains in place.

</doc>
<doc id="20366040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366040" title="List of All Dogs Go to Heaven episodes">
List of All Dogs Go to Heaven episodes

This is a list of episodes from "".
Season 3: 1998.
An All Dogs Christmas Carol.
The film opens with angel puppies talking to Anabelle (Bebe Neuwirth). They ask her to tell them a story. She begins to tell them about how Carface saved Christmas with a little guidance from Charlie (Steven Weber) and Itchy (Dom DeLuise).
The movie begins in an alleyway with Charlie, Itchy, Sasha (Sheena Easton) and their friends decorating for a Christmas party. Everyone is enjoying themselves as Charlie and Itchy tend to the young pups. Charlie checks on Sasha and the money collection for Timmy the puppy's operation for his bad leg. Unfortunately, Carface (Ernest Borgnine) and Killer (Charles Nelson Reilly) arrive and start collecting debts from everyone. After Charlie refused to pay back Carface, he blows a strange hypnotic dog whistle that hypnotizes all the dogs and causes them to give Carface and Killer all of their bones. Before leaving, Carface and Killer make off with all the food, the presents, their money which includes Timmy's operation money and head off cackling.
After failing several times to get the stolen goods from Carface, it is revealed that Carface is working for Anabelle's Satanic cousin, Belladonna (also Neuwirth), who plots to use a massive version of the cursed whistle to hypnotize every dog in the city into stealing the Christmas presents, causing them to be thrown out of their houses and abandoned, much in the same way Carface was when he was a puppy. Charlie plots to scare "the Dickens" out of Carface and asks Anabelle for some aid, resulting in them being transformed into characters from "A Christmas Carol" by Charles Dickens. Itchy becomes the Ghost of Christmas Past, Sasha becomes the Ghost of Christmas Present, and Charlie becomes the Ghost of Christmas Future (and a parody of "The Mask"). The three of them visit Carface and make him feel guilty about stealing the items, especially the operation money; Sasha tells Carface that without it Timmy will die, but Timmy's death will cause another --- his own, as the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come shows him that because of his actions, he will cause his own death, and he will be condemned to Hell for eternity.
Carface, having seen himself in Timmy, stops the whistle just in time to prevent the dogs from stealing the gifts. Belladonna flies into a rage and is about to kill Carface and Killer when she is frozen solid by a massive amount of snow caused by Anabelle.
Meanwhile, with Charlie and the gang, it starts to snow. Everyone celebrates, but Itchy remarks that it's a shame that they didn't have any presents to give the pups. Just then, Carface appears on a sled pulled by Killer, and gives them all the presents back, and more. He even gives them Timmy's money box back, which is filled up full. Carface turns to leave, and Sasha asks him to stay and join the party. Carface respectfully refuses, saying he's going to visit his mom, but wishes everyone a happy Christmas.

</doc>
<doc id="20366063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366063" title="Bert Lacey">
Bert Lacey

Robert Herbert "Bert" Lacey (12 January 1900 – 2 November 1984) was an Australian politician. Born in Maryborough, Victoria, he was educated at state schools and then at Wendouree Agricultural College in Ballarat. He became a construction worker, bush worker and miner, and served in the military in 1918. Having moved to Tasmania, he was an organiser of the state's Australian Workers' Union 1938-1946 and Secretary of the Tasmanian Labor Party 1947-1965. He briefly served as Labor member for Denison in the Tasmanian House of Assembly in 1959. In 1964, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Tasmania. He held the seat until his defeat in 1970, effectively by independent Michael Townley. Lacey died in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20366139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366139" title="Merv Everett">
Merv Everett

Mervyn George "Merv" Everett (7 October 191721 October 1988) was an Australian politician and judge. 
Born in Hobart, Tasmania, Everett was educated at the University of Tasmania before becoming a barrister. In 1964, he was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly as the Labor member for Denison. He was Minister for Health 1964-1969, then Deputy Premier, Attorney-General and Minister for Environment, Racing and Gaming 1972-1974. 
In 1974, Everett transferred to federal politics, winning a Tasmanian seat in the Australian Senate for the Labor Party. He was defeated in 1975. 
After his retirement from politics, Everett returned to the law. He was appointed to the Supreme Court of Tasmania by the Lowe government, serving from 7 November 1978 to 14 March 1984. He was appointed to the Federal Court of Australia by the Hawke Labor government, serving from 27 June 1984 to 4 October 1987. Everett is one of only five politicians to have served in both the Parliament of Australia and the Federal Court of Australia, alongside Nigel Bowen, Robert Ellicott, Tony Whitlam, John Reeves and Duncan Kerr.

</doc>
<doc id="20366158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366158" title="Bogusz coat of arms">
Bogusz coat of arms

Bogusz is a Polish surname that emerged in the thirteenth century.
The Bogusz coat of arms is composed of red, which symbolizes courage, with a horse head of pages, which is an emblem of nobility, courage and loyalty. The red color of the shell indicates the virtues and qualities of its bearer, refers to minerals, to plants, the chronology and the planetary system, the basic dictates of the Code of the former Cavalry.

</doc>
<doc id="20366165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366165" title="Hughes of Gwerclas">
Hughes of Gwerclas

Hughes of Gwerclas were a native Welsh royal family descended from Owain Brogyntyn the illegitimate but acknowledged son of Madog ap Maredudd (one of the last kings of Powys, of the House of Mathrafal) by a daughter of the "Maer du" or "black mayor" of Rûg in Edernion. His father granted to him and his successors the Cantref of Edeyrnion and the Lordship of Dinmael. These areas were both remote frontier lands situated between Powys and the neighbouring ascendant kingdom of Gwynedd. From the earlier part of the 12th Century both lordships usually paid homage to Gwynedd.
Owain had three sons. It is from the youngest of these sons, Iorwerth ab Owain ap Madog ap Maredudd, that the barons of Cymmer yn Edeyrnion claim descent. Iorwerth's son, Gruffudd ab Iorwerth, was confirmed in his lands by Edward I in 1284. The first recorded use of the "Kymmer yn Edernion" baronial title is by Llywelyn Ddu (great-great grandson of Owain Brogyntyn) in 1370 who resided at Gwerclas Castle in the parish of Llangar, Merionethshire (in that part of the county historically included within the cantref of Edeyrnion). The family started using the surname "Hughes of Gwerclas" after Hugh ap William in 1546. Thomas Hughes, "Esquire of Gwerclas and Hendreforfydd" is recorded as having served as a captain under the Royalist standard for Charles I and died in 1670. His third and only surviving son John Hughes married a descendant of Ednyfed Fychan. John was succeeded first by his brother Hugh, and then his son Daniel. Daniel married Catherine daughter of John Wynn "of Pen y Clawdd". He died in 1754 and from this time the Hughes of Gwerclas resided at Pen y Clawdd, thought to be in the vicinity of Chirk in Flintshire. 
In 1851 the XVIIth Baron of Kymmer yn Edernion is recorded as being William Hughes Esq. (b. 1801 at Pen y Clawdd). He spent a long time living at Gayton Mansion in Northamptonshire. In the 1851 National Census of England and Wales he, along with his wife, children, and domestic servants are recorded as living in Twyford, Hampshire. He contributed to antiquarian debate and was employed as a barrister at the Inner Temple. His only son, William O'Farrel Hughes, a direct patrilineal descendant of King Madog ap Maredudd, and "de jure" heir to the throne of Powys was still living in 1911 but by then a 73-year old retired clergyman with no children. It is not known if the Baronetcy of Kymmer yn Edeirnion became extinct upon his death, but it seems likely. His cousin - Lieutenant Talbot de Bashall Hughes (b. 1836) - had joined the Cape Mounted Riflemen in the 1850s and disappears from the record. It is possible that he may have died in South Africa during the Anglo-Zulu Wars. Nevertheless, any princely title to Powys or Powys Fadog had been in abeyance under Welsh Law since 1353 and neither had had any nominal claimant since the pardon of Maredudd ab Owain Glyndwr in 1421).
"Few families can establish a loftier lineage, or deduce their descent through more numerous stocks of historic distinction, than the Hughes of Gwerclas, Barons of Kymmer yn Edeirnion, within the ancient Principality of Powys and Kingdom of Wales. Derived, by uninterrupted lineal male succession, from Owain Brogyntyn, Lord of Edeirnion, Dinmael and Abertanat in Powys, son of Madoc, last Sovereign Prince of Powys, the existing heir of the Hughes's deduces, through the Baronial Lords of Kymmer, and the Royal Line of Powys, a genealogy of twenty eight descents, extending over ten centuries, transmitted in common with the lineage of the monarchs of North Wales and South Wales, from Rhodri Mawr, renowned in the annals of the Cymri as the Egbert of his race, who, uniting the several states of North Wales, South Wales and Powys, became King of all Wales, AD 843."<br>"Burkes Landed Gentry, 1850, p.603"

</doc>
<doc id="20366182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366182" title="Order of Battle at Tacna">
Order of Battle at Tacna

The Battle at Tacna was an engagement during the War of the Pacific (1879–1883) between Chile and the Allied Forces of Peru and Bolivia. It was fought on May 20, 1880, with the forces aligned as follows:
Chilean North Operations Army.
The Chilean Army was under the command of General Manuel Baquedano Gonzalez, with Colonel Velasquez as his Chief of Staff. The army was divided into five infantry divisions, with three cavalry regiments and thirty seven artillery pieces as it follows:
I Division (Col. Santiago Amengual).
"Strength: 2,700 men"
II Division (Lt. Colonel Francisco Barcelo).
"Strength: 1,858 men"
III Division (Col. Jose Domingo Amunategui).
"Strength: 1,858 men"
IV Division (Col. Orozimbo Barbosa).
"Strength: 2,285 men"
Reserve (Col. Mauricio Muñoz).
"Strength: 2,335 men"
Allies.
"Strength: 13,650 men"
Bolivian Army.
6 cannons and 4 machine guns

</doc>
<doc id="20366203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366203" title="Eric Bessell">
Eric Bessell

Eric James Bessell (6 June 1923 – 10 March 1979) was an Australian politician. Born in Launceston, Tasmania, he was a pastoralist before serving in the military 1943-1944. He served as President of the Tasmanian Liberal Party in 1966 and 1973. In 1974, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Liberal Senator for Tasmania. He was defeated in 1975 after being demoted to sixth place on the ballot paper to make way for real estate agent Brian Archer and nurse Shirley Walters. Bessell died in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20366255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366255" title="International Motor Press Association">
International Motor Press Association

The International Motor Press Association (IMPA), is the oldest trade association representing automotive journalists and Public Relations professionals in the United States. It was established in 1909.
Activities.
Monthly meetings.
On the third Thursday of each month, members in New York City hold a luncheon meeting. The purpose of the meeting is twofold:
New York International Automobile Show Breakfast.
Prior to the opening of press days for the yearly New York International Auto Show, the IMPA hosts a breakfast meeting for its members at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York City. Here, a speaker from the leadership of the automotive industry provides insight into key issues in that industry. In addition, the association presents its annual "Ken W. Purdy Award" for excellence in automotive journalism.
Annual Test Days.
For two days each fall, IMPA members have the opportunity to test drive new and improved automobiles on an auto-test track and, as appropriate, off-road. A typical location for the test track is the Pocono Raceway in the Pocono Mountains of Pennsylvania at Long Pond. Concluding this event is the annual "Test Fest" dinner, providing banquet, socializing, and social networking.

</doc>
<doc id="20366257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366257" title="Ray Devlin">
Ray Devlin

Arthur Ray Devlin (17 March 1926 – 17 May 1995) was an Australian politician. Born in Burnie, Tasmania, he was a waterside worker and Secretary of the Burnie Trades and Labour Council before entering politics. In 1984, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Tasmania. He held the seat until his retirement in 1990. Devlin died in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20366267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366267" title="Jean-Chrysostôme Bruneteau de Sainte-Suzanne">
Jean-Chrysostôme Bruneteau de Sainte-Suzanne

Jean-Chrysostôme Bruneteau de Sainte-Suzanne (4 March 1773, Poivres - 2 August 1830 Clermont-Ferrand) was a French Empire baron and general.
Biography.
Jean-Chrysostôme Bruneteau de Sainte-Suzanne was born to Gilles-Joseph-Martin Bruneteau, in a family of officers of the low nobility. 
First Republic.
He joined the Army on 10 July 1789 in the Anjou infantry regiment. He was promoted to "sous-lieutenant" on 16 September 1791, and to lieutenant on 12 October. Serving the Armée du Rhin, he took part with Custine in the capture of Speyer and Mainz in 1792. He rose to captain on 18 October 1793, taking part in the sieges of Dunkirk and Maubeuge, and in several skirmishes in the region.
Bruneteau was relieved of duty on 14 February 1794, during the Reign of Terror, for being nobility. He was reinstated at the Thermidorian Reaction.
In 1796, he joined the Army of Italy, taking part in the Battle of the Bridge of Arcole and in the Battle of Rivoli.
In 1798, he was transferred to the Army of the West, before returning to Italy. He took part in the Battle of Cassano and in the Battle of Novi on 15 August 1799, where he received a battlefield promotion to "chef de bataillon" (major). The rank was confirmed on 2 May 1800. He was then transferred to the Army of the Rhine, where he took part in several skirmishes.
In 1802, he took part in several skirmishes with the flotilla of Boulogne. 
On 28 February 1803, he departed for India, arriving at Île de France in August. From 1803 to 1805, he headed the infantry of the expeditionary corps in India.
First Empire.
On 24 August 1805, he was promoted to colonel. He was made governor of Île Bonaparte on 9 October 1809, a position he held until the Invasion of Île Bonaparte on 8 July 1810. Bruneteau fought the 7000 men of the invasion force with 300 line infantrymen and 300 mobile National guards, the militia being dispersed over the island. He surrendered after Saint-Denis was half under the control of the British.
Bruneteau returned to France in November 1810. An enquiry deemed the capitulation of Île Bonaparte to be "most honourable", and he received the command of an infantry regiment.
In 1812, he took part in the French invasion of Russia, notably fighting at Smolensk and at the Battle of Berezina, where he was captured by the Russians. He was back in France on 26 June 1814, having been made a Baron of Empire on 8 April 1813.
Restauration.
After the Bourbon Restauration, on 6 September 1814, he was promoted to "maréchal de camp", and he received the command of the fortress of Landau, a position which he held from 11 December 1814 to 30 March 1815.
During the Hundred Days, Bruneteau rallied to Napoléon, and was promoted to brigade general in the imperial decree of 10 June 1815. He took command of the fortress of Sélestat on 4 May, with a 4000-strong garrison. He was besieged by 9000 men during two months. Refusing to surrender to foreign troops, he repelled two direct assaults, and managed to conquer the headquarter of the besiegers, before surrendering to Louis XVIII on 1 October.
At the second Restauration, Bruneteau was suspended from the Army. He headed the department of Corrèze, from 26 June to 18 August 1816, and again from 25 December 1816 to 12 November 1817. He then headed the subdivisions of the 19th military division.
Bruneteau committed suicide by pistol shot to the head on 2 August 1830, after the July Revolution.
Sources and references.
p.304

</doc>
<doc id="20366280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366280" title="Market Quarter, Belfast">
Market Quarter, Belfast

Market Quarter refers to a wide area of Belfast City including St George's Market, an area of inner city housing, The Waterfront precinct - including conference and concert hall and Hilton Hotel - and the city's Central Railway Station.
Belfast was founded on Market trade and "Market Quarter" pays homage to this history. The area once boasted 14 markets but today only St George's Market remains. St George's Market is one of Belfast’s oldest attractions. It was built between 1890 and 1896 and is one of the best markets in the UK and Ireland. 
It has been voted for numerous local and national titles and awards for its fresh, local produce and great atmosphere. 
It holds a weekly Friday Variety Market as well as the City Food and Garden Market on Saturdays. It also hosts a range of events throughout the year.
http://www.belfastcity.gov.uk/stgeorgesmarket/index.asp
St George's Market is located across Oxford Street from Belfast's concert and conference centre, the Waterfront Hall and Lanyon Place, a commercial development including the Hilton Hotel and the BT Riverside Tower Head Quarters Building. St George's Market is separated by East Bridge Street from 'The Markets', the name given to an area of inner city housing, which itself is adjacent to a vacant site, formerly the city's Haymarket, and Belfast Central Railway Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20366294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366294" title="Robert Symington Baker">
Robert Symington Baker

Colonel Robert Symington Baker (1826–1894) was a businessman and landowner originally from Rhode Island. He came to California in 1849 and engaged in mining supplies business (as Cooke and Baker) in San Francisco. Later he became associated with General Beale in the cattle and sheep business in the northern part of the state and in the Tejon area.
In 1872, the Sepulvedas sold their Rancho San Vicente y Santa Monica property to Baker. With his purchase of the Rancho for cattle and sheep business, Baker moved to Los Angeles. In 1874 he married Arcadia Bandini de Stearns. The Bakers owned the property only two years, and in 1874 sold a three quarter interest in the land to the Comstock millionaire John Percival Jones.
Jones and Baker decided to subdivide part of their joint holdings, and in 1875 they created the town of Santa Monica. Jones and Baker formed the Santa Monica Land and Water Company, one of the principal developers of western Los Angeles. In 1878, he built the Baker block in Los Angeles. Baker owned, through his wife, Rancho La Puente and Rancho La Laguna and had other large business interests.
He is interred at Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20366298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366298" title="Louis Casartelli">
Louis Casartelli

Louis Charles Casartelli (14 November 1852 - 18 January 1925) was a Roman Catholic priest and was the fourth Bishop of Salford.
Early life.
Born of Italian parents at 2 Clarence Street, Cheetham Hill, Manchester, 14 November 1852. His parents, Joseph Louis (an optician) and Jane Henrietta Casartelli (Ronchetti), had resided in the area for some time. He was believed to have been considered an intelligent as well as pious child, something which was felt he learned from his mother.
Education.
At the age of nine he attended Salford Catholic Grammar School and became fluent in French, German, Italian and Spanish. Whilst there he came under the influence of those two masters, Canon Augustus De Clerc and Bruno de Splenter. "Wax to receive, marble to retain,". Louis went on to study at St Cuthbert's College, Ushaw where he won a gold medal for classics as well earning an MA degree externally from University of London in 1873.
In 1884 he began specialist theology studies at the University of Louvain, in Belgium, where he also specialised in Eastern languages, an interest first acquired - so he said - through a chance encounter with a book in the Manchester Free Library. He was an avid diary keeper, often writing in several languages on the one page, and frequently using the prayer (in Latin) "O God be merciful to me a sinner".
Priesthood.
Louis was ordained to the priesthood on the 10 September 1876 by the then Bishop Herbert Vaughan. He was seconded to the teaching staff of St Bede's College, Manchester although in 1884 he returned once more to the University of Louvain and gained a doctorate in Oriental literature. Upon completion of his studies, he returned to St Bede's and in 1891 he was appointed rector. From 1898 he lectured five times each Lent term at Louvain, Sanskrit, Zend and Pehievi becoming his speciality. He was lecturer in Iranian languages in the University of Manchester, and was offered a position as the Katrak lecturer in Iranian studies at Oxford University but although he accepted he was unable to give the lecture due to illness.
Bishop.
On 28 August 1903 Louis was appointed Bishop of Salford but wrote to Rome begging to decline. His appeal was rejected and he wrote to Abbot Francis Aidan Gasquet O.S.B. "if the wish did not sound rather an impiety one could almost desire that Cardinal Gotti might have held me suspect of Liberalism and other dreadful things" (1 September 1903). He was consecrated in St John's Cathedral, on 21 September 1903 by Archbishop-elect Francis Bourne, with Bishops Thomas Whiteside and Samuel Webster Allen as co-consecrators.
The poor Catholics of Manchester and Salford took great pride in the appointment, and when charged that nobody with any intelligence could possibly be a Catholic, would reply "Well just look at our Bishop". Bishop Casartelli was one of the first bishops in England to attempt concerted Catholic Action. He produced a monthly journal "The Federationist" and never failed to make a contribution on contemporary issues. He became the founder and president of the Manchester Dante Society from 1906, Manchester Egyptian Association from 1908–10, the president of the Manchester Statistical Society from 1898–1900 and a supporter of the Oriental, Geographical, Antiquarian and other societies. On 18 December 1918 he was elected an honorary member of the Royal Asiatic Society which he declares in his diary of the day as "a most astonishing and unexpected honour."
Death.
Bishop Casartelli died at Bishops House, Chapel Street, Salford on 18 January 1925, and is buried in St Joseph's Cemetery, Moston, Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="20366308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366308" title="Codex Climaci Rescriptus">
Codex Climaci Rescriptus

Codex Climaci rescriptus, known as Uncial 0250 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament as well as a Christian Palestinian Aramaic uncial manuscript of the Old and New Testament. Paleographically the Greek section has been assigned to the 8th century (or 7th century), and the Christian Palestinian Aramaic section to the 6th century. Formerly it was classified as lectionary manuscript, Gregory gave the number ℓ 1561 to it.
Description.
The codex is a 137 leaf remnant of eight separate manuscripts, six of which are in Christian Palestinian Aramaic, which have been dated to the 6th century AD; and two of which are in Greek, which have been dated to the 7th or 8th century AD.
The Christian Palestinian Aramaic sections contain significant parts of the four Gospels, as well as the Acts and Epistles, and the remains of a large volume of the Old Testament in Christian Palestinian Aramaic, on 104 leaves (23 by 18.5 mm), mostly written in two columns per page, 18 lines per page in Estrangelo script.
The Greek section contains the text of the four Gospels, with numerous lacunae, on 33 parchment leaves (23 by 15.5 cm). Written in two columns per page, 31 lines per page, in uncial letters.
It is a palimpsest, the upper text containing two Syriac treatises of Johannes Climacus (hence name of the codex), the "Scala paradisi" and portions of the "Liber ad pastorem."
The Codex Climaci Rescriptus (CCR) is an ancient form of book (codex) that has two different texts written on the same page (rescriptus = rewritten). The latest text is in Syriac from the 6th century AD, but it was discovered, through Multi-Spectrum Imaging (MSI) that an underlying text had been washed off prior to writing the Syriac. The underlying text from the 4th century AD consisted of one of the oldest near complete Bibles in the world and it was written in Palestinian Aramaic, the language Jesus spoke. 
Codex Climaci Rescriptus, 6th – 9th century AD. The Codex Climaci Rescriptus is a palimpsest—a manuscript from which 
the text has been scraped away or washed off, and the pages used again. Underneath the top layer of writing, which contains
a 9th-century monastic text in Syriac, are portions of ancient biblical manuscripts written in 6th-7th century Greek and 
6th-century Christian Palestinian Aramaic. This manuscript, based on an original text which may date from the 4th century, 
is the world’s largest corpus of Christian Palestinian Aramaic, the dialect that would have been closest to Jesus’ 
household language. 
Contents.
In Christian Palestinian Aramaic:
Matt. 21:23-41; 27-31; 22:40-23:1; 23:1-25; 24:42-46; 24: 25:14; 26:24-32; 26:40-49; 27:9-19; 27:39-48; 27:64-28:3; 28:4-10 
Mark 1:1-10; 1:20-30; 2:2-11; 17-24
the Acts and Epistles
John 1:1-9 
Acts 19:31-36; 20:1; 20:2-7; 20:8-14; 21:3-8; 21:9-14; 24:25-25:1; 25:3-26; 26:23-29; 27:1-13; 27:14-27
Romans 4:17-22; 5:4-15; 6:14-19; 7:2-11; 8: 9-21; 9:30;10:3-9; 15:11-21
I Corin. 1:6-23; 4:1-15; 13: 4-11; 14:4-7; 14:8-14; 14:24-37; 15:3-10; 15:24-49; 16:16-24
II Corin. 1:23-2: 4-11; 4:18-5:6; 5:6-12; 6:3-16; 7:3-8
Galat. 1:1-23; 3:20-24; 4:2; 4:4-29; 5:1; 5:24; 6:4-12; 6: 4
Eph. 1:18-2:8; 4:14-27; 5:8-16; 5:17-24
Phill. 2:12-26
Coloss. 4: 6-17
I Thess.1:3-9; 5:15-26
II Thess. 1:3-2:2
II Timothy 3:2-14
Titus 2:7-3:3
Philemon 11-25
II Peter 1:1-12; 3:16-18
significant portions of the Old Testament, as well as the New Testament
Exodus 4:14-18 
Deut. 6: 4-21; 7:1-26
I Sam. 1:1; 2:19-29; 4:1-6; 6:5-18
Job 6:1-26; 7: 4-21
Psalms 2:7; 40(41):1; 50(51):1; 56(57):1; 109(110):1; 131(132):1
Proverbs 1:20-22 
Isaiah 40:1-8; 63:9-11
Jerem. 11:22-12: 4-8 
Joel 2:12-14; 2:20
Micah 4:1-3; 4:3-5
Matt. 1:18-25; 2:1-2; 2:2-8; 2:18-23
Luke 1: 26-38
Leviticus 8:18-30; 11:42-12:2-8
Matt. 27:27-41 
Mark 15:16-19
John 13:15-29
John 15:19-26; 16:9
Fragment of a Homily
Fragment of a story about Peter and Paul attempting to convert a Roman leader, Berghamus, before 2000 of his own soldiers, in an unnamed city in the Holy Land
Matt. 2:12-23; 3:13-15; 5:1-2.4.30-37; 6:1-4.16-18; 7:12.15-20; 8:7.10-13.16-17.20-21; 9:27-31.36; 10:5; 12:36-38.43-45; 13:36-46; 26:75-27:2.11.13-16.18.20.22-23.26-40; 
Mark 14:72-15:2.4-7.10-24.26-28; 
Luke 22:60-62.66-67; 23:3-4.20-26.32-34.38; 
John 6:53-7:25.45.48-51; 8:12-44; 9:12-10:15; 10:41-12:3.6.9.14-24.26-35.44-49; 14:22-15:15; 16:13-18; 16:29-17:5; 18:1-9.11-13.18-24.28-29.31; 18:36-19:1.4.6.9.16.18.23-24.31-34; 20:1-2.13-16.18-20.25; 20:28-21:1.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed with a predominant element of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category III. 
Matthew 8:12 
Matthew 8:13
Matthew 27:35 
Discovery and present location.
One leaf of the codex was purchased by A. S. Lewis in Cairo in 1895, 89 leaves were received from a Berlin scholar in 1905, and 48 further leaves were purchased in Port Tewfik in 1906.
Gregory classified it as lectionary (ℓ "1561"). The manuscript was not mentioned by Hermann von Soden in his "Die Schriften des NT".
According to Moir this manuscript contains a substantial record of an early Greek uncial manuscript of the Gospels once at Caesarea, which would have been the sister of Codex Sinaiticus, Codex Vaticanus and Codex Alexandrinus, but is now lost.
Until 2010, the codex was housed at the Westminster College in Cambridge. It was listed for sale at a Sotheby's auction, where it failed to sell on July 7, 2009. In 2010, the codex was bought by Steve Green, president of Hobby Lobby, directly from Sotheby's after their unsuccessful auction. The codex now resides in the The Green Collection and is featured in its worldwide-traveling exhibition, "Passages".

</doc>
<doc id="20366325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366325" title="1937 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1937 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1937 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1937-1938. The Buckeyes compiled a 6–2 record with another win against Michigan. Schmidt, now 4-0 against Michigan, has outscored them 114-0 in those games. Buckeyes outscored opponents 125-23.

</doc>
<doc id="20366333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366333" title="Deokgasan (Gangwon)">
Deokgasan (Gangwon)

Deokgasan is a mountain in the city of Wonju, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20366350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366350" title="The Bridge (Sirius XM)">
The Bridge (Sirius XM)

The Bridge is Sirius XM Satellite Radio channel devoted to gold-based soft rock and adult contemporary music. It is currently available on Sirius channel 32 (previously 33) and XM channel 32 (previously 27, where it replaced The Heart on November 12, 2008, even though The Heart was on channel 23, which became Sirius XM Love). The channel plays mainly 1970s acts such as Fleetwood Mac, James Taylor, Carole King, Jackson Browne, Jim Croce, The Eagles, America and Billy Joel, along with some later '80s and '90s artists like Sting, Bonnie Raitt, and others. It was basically the 1960s & 1970s counterpart of the former StarLite channel for the Sirius service before the Sirius/XM merger replaced StarLite with The Blend (which covers adult contemporary music from the 1970s-now). Since then, The Blend has eliminated most of the 1970s because The Bridge's addition to the XM service, as of September 2009. This channel is on channel 6032(previously 6033 until Sirius XM's First Wave took the spot.
The Bridge, originally on Sirius channel 10, has often been removed from the lineup when the service wants to devote a channel to a single artist for a period of time, such as The Rolling Stones or The Who. On September 27, 2007, it was displaced by E Street Radio, devoted to the music of Bruce Springsteen. The channel could still be heard on Sirius' internet stream, however. These frequent and long-lasting periods of preemption have angered many subscribers.
The Bridge returned to the Sirius satellites on June 24, 2008 on channel 12, forcing Super Shuffle to take the SIR-2 stream formerly used by The Bridge. E Street Radio will remain on channel 10 until 2009.
On November 1, 2008, channel 12 switched to Led Zeppelin Radio, with The Bridge moved to channel 33. On November 12, 2008, channel 12 became The Pulse as part of the Sirius/XM merger, moving Led Zeppelin Radio to channel 33 and forcing The Bridge to go on hiatus for the rest of the year. The Bridge returned to Sirius (and debuted on XM) on January 1, 2009. The Bridge is available on Dish Network channel 6032. Until February 9, 2010, it was heard on DirecTV channel 849, but all of the Sirius XM programming was dropped in favor of Sonic Tap by DMX.
From February 14-March 13, 2009, the channel was temporarily pre-empted for Fireman Radio, a channel devoted to the music of Paul McCartney. From October 15-October 22, 2010, it was again pre-empted for "Elton!", a channel devoted to the music of Elton John. From November 29-December 26, 2010, The Bridge is again being pre-empted for "Band on the Run Radio", another Paul McCartney oriented format. The Bridge has a similar competitor online with SoftClassicRock.com, that is available for free online.
Shows.
The Village Folk Show
Sundays 6 am - 10 am ET
Hosted by Mary Sue Twohy, The Village Folk Show features classic and contemporary folk artists.

</doc>
<doc id="20366352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366352" title="You Know It's Me">
You Know It's Me

"You Know it's Me" is a 1981 album released by Scottish singer Barbara Dickson.
This was the second album by Dickson to be produced by Alan Tarney, following the success of the previous one. "You Know it's Me" wasn't as big a hit however, reaching No.39 in the UK charts and failing to produce a hit single, despite being a firm fan favourite. Singles released from the album were the upbeat "Only Seventeen" and the ballad "My Heart Lies". 
The album was re-issued on Cassette a year later in a double-pack with her 1978 album "Sweet Oasis" and on Compact disc in 1993. 
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
Personnel.
Musicians: 

</doc>
<doc id="20366355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366355" title="Fitzgeralds Casino and Hotel">
Fitzgeralds Casino and Hotel

Fitzgeralds Casino and Hotel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20366357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366357" title="1936 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1936 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1936 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1936-1937. The Buckeyes compiled a 5–3 record, outscoring opponents 160-27. Schmidt tallied his third win versus Michigan with a 21-0 score.

</doc>
<doc id="20366361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366361" title="Los Angeles Lakers radio networks">
Los Angeles Lakers radio networks

The Los Angeles Lakers radio networks consist of two separate networks for the coverage of Los Angeles Lakers NBA basketball. One is an English language network while the other is a Spanish language network. There are 17 total stations in four states (Arizona, California, Nevada, and New Mexico) between the two networks.
On-air personnel.
Current announcers for the English-language network include John Ireland as the play-by-play announcer since 2011. The color commentator since 2004 is former Lakers player (with the team for their 1987 & 1988 championships) Mychal Thompson. Thompson, who originally worked with Spiro Deedes stayed on as announcers when the broadcasts moved from KLAC to KSPN at the start of the 2009-2010 season.
Former on-air personnel for the network have included legendary play-by-play announcer Chick Hearn and former NBA player Stu Lantz as a color commentator. Pat Riley served as a color commentator for the network from 1977 until late 1979 when he became an assistant coach for the team.
English-language network.
The English-language Los Angeles Lakers Radio Network is a three-state, 17-station network with KSPN ("710 ESPN") serving as the flagship. Starting with the 2009-2010 season, KSPN took over the flagship position under a five-year deal, thus ending the Lakers' three-decade relationship with KLAC. KLAC served as the Lakers' flagship station from 1977 to 2009.
Spanish-language network.
The Spanish-language network is a two-state, four-station network with KWKW serving as its flagship.

</doc>
<doc id="20366373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366373" title="Phasor (sound synthesizer)">
Phasor (sound synthesizer)

Phasor is a stereo music, sound and speech synthesizer created by Applied Engineering for the Apple II family of computers. Consisting of a sound card and a set of related software, the Phasor system was designed to be compatible with most software written for other contemporary Apple II cards, including the Mockingboard, ALF's Apple Music Synthesizer, Echo+ and Super Music Synthesizer.

</doc>
<doc id="20366387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366387" title="Tasty Time with ZeFronk">
Tasty Time with ZeFronk

Tasty Time with ZeFronk is an animated series of three-minute long shorts produced for and airs on Disney Junior and previously on Playhouse Disney.
Summary.
A French Dachshund called ZeFronk hosts a healthy cooking show from his doghouse with his assistant, a songbird named Sue, and his silly neighbour cat named Dom that always sneaks away the snacks that ZeFronk makes, and each episode ends with ZeFronk chasing Dom around the prep counter, triggering Sue to fly away and come through the iris wipe. This animated short-form series is aimed at getting preschoolers to eat more wisely.

</doc>
<doc id="20366388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366388" title="Pretoria News">
Pretoria News

Pretoria News is a daily newspaper based in Pretoria, Gauteng, South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20366396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366396" title="Linen Quarter, Belfast">
Linen Quarter, Belfast

The Linen Quarter is the area of Belfast south of the City Hall bounded by Donegall Square South, Bedford Street, Ormeau Avenue and Cromac Street. The name is derived from the great many linen manufacturers that made their homes in the area and which were so influential in the development of Belfast, a city once referred to as the "Linenopolis".
The site now occupied by Belfast City Hall was once the home of the White Linen Hall, an important international linen exchange. The street which runs from the back door of Belfast City Hall through the middle of the Linen Quarter is known as Linen Hall Street.
The Linen Hall Library, one of Belfast's oldest cultural institutions, that occupies a site in Donegall Square North in front of today's City Hall, started life within the walls of the White Linen Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="20366402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366402" title="Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company">
Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company

The Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company is a mutual insurance company which offers personal, marine, commercial property, and casualty insurance. It is part of the Atlantic Mutual Companies, which includes Centennial Insurance Company. Its corporate headquarters are at 140 Broadway, a block from the site of the former World Trade Center.
History.
The company was founded in 1838 as the Atlantic Insurance Company. Originally a joint-stock company, it became a mutual company in 1842. Its first chairman was Walter Restored Jones, a member of a prominent upper-class family of attorneys in New York City. The Jones family ran the company for decades.
By the 1850s, Atlantic Mutual was the largest marine and general insurance firm in North America and the only marine insurance firm in New York state. During the 1850s, it made exceedingly high profits. In 1852, the company began keeping a clipping service of newspaper accounts of shipwrecks and sinkings known as "Vessel Disasters", a work which became famous as the best source of information on maritime disasters in the North Atlantic. During the Civil War, Atlantic Mutual was the primary insurer of most Union shipping.
In 1874, Atlantic Mutual President John Divine Jones provided the money which established the permanent foundation of the New York Historical Society.
Atlantic Mutual built the existing building at 45 Wall Street in 1959, which served as the company's headquarters until the mid-1970s. Vacant and deteriorating for more than 20 years, it was sold in 1996 and converted to apartments.
Atlantic Mutual was involved in a significant tax law case which reached the U.S. Supreme Court in the 1990s. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 altered the formula under which insurance companies could deduct additions to their financial reserves. The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) determined that Atlantic Mutual had strengthened its reserves, but the company countered that it had merely engaged in a computational change. In a unanimous decision, the Supreme Court upheld the IRS' interpretation of the law.
After the construction of the World Trade Center, Atlantic Mutual moved its headquarters from 45 Wall Street to 140 Broadway. The company was one of many which insured buildings in and around the World Trade Center, and the firm suffered significant losses after the September 11 terrorist attacks. Since Atlantic Mutual is more than 100 years old, the company is a member of The Hundred Year Association of New York.
In 2010, New York state insurance regulators revoked Atlantic Mutual’s insurance licenses because it had a negative surplus. On April 27, 2011 Atlantic Mutual was placed into liquidation after the company was swamped with workers' compensation insurance claims.
Famous shipwrecks insured by Atlantic Mutual.
As the largest marine insurance firm in the United States for many years, Atlantic Mutual became involved in some of the most famous shipwrecks in American history.
Notable presidents, chairman and directors of the Atlantic Mutual.
The Atlantic Mutual Insurance Co. has been led by a number of prominent New Yorkers as well as leading American business people. Among them are:

</doc>
<doc id="20366414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366414" title="1935 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1935 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1935 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1935-1936. The Buckeyes compiled a 7–1 (5-0 in the Big Ten) record. Schmidt got the first Big Ten title for the Bucks in 15 years and outscoring opponents 237-57. He became 2-0 vs Michigan this year as well, outscoring them 72-0 in two games against them.

</doc>
<doc id="20366427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366427" title="Infobase Publishing">
Infobase Publishing

Infobase Publishing is an American publisher of reference book titles and textbooks geared towards the North American library, secondary school, and university-level curriculum markets. The company was founded in 1941 with its headquarters based in Manhattan, New York City.
Infobase operates a number of prominent imprints, including Facts On File, Films for the Humanities & Sciences, Cambridge Educational, Chelsea House (which also serves as the imprint for the special collection series, "Bloom's Literary Criticism" under the direction of renowned literary critic Harold Bloom), and Ferguson Publishing. The private equity firm Veronis Suhler Stevenson bought Infobase in 2005.
Infobase bought the "World Almanac" in 2009. 
As well as nonfiction works in print, Infobase and its imprints publish a selection of works in digital, audio-visual and online database formats.

</doc>
<doc id="20366454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366454" title="Library Quarter, Belfast">
Library Quarter, Belfast

The Library Quarter, sometimes referred to as Scotch Quarter and Press Quarter, is the area of Belfast City Centre located around Belfast Central Library on Royal Avenue. The Library Quarter is bounded by Royal Avenue, Donegall Street, Carrick Hill and North Street. Other important occupiers of the area include two newspapers, the "Belfast Telegraph" and the "Irish News".

</doc>
<doc id="20366475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366475" title="Sibyl rock">
Sibyl rock

The rock from which the Erythraean Sibyl or Herophile foretold the future. The rock is between the treasury of
Sicyon and the stoa of the Athenians upon the sacred way which leads up to the temple of Apollo in the
archaeological area of Delphi. As Pausanias says at Phocis "there is a rock which extrudes from the ground. The
Delphians say that after she stood above this rock, a woman named Herophile chanted her oracles, a woman
who was known as a "Sibyl".

</doc>
<doc id="20366482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366482" title="Szczurowa massacre">
Szczurowa massacre

The massacre in Szczurowa was the murder of 93 Romani people (also known as Gypsies), including children, women and the elderly, by German Nazi occupiers in the Polish village of Szczurowa on August 3, 1943. Between ten and twenty families of settled Romani had lived in Szczurowa for generations, alongside ethnic Poles with whom they had friendly and neighborly relations. They were integrated enough into the general community that there were several mixed marriages. On August 3, 1943 German police rounded up almost all the Romani inhabitants of the village and transported them to the local cemetery where they were shot. A list of all the victims has been preserved in the documents of the local church.
On May 8, 1956, local inhabitants of the village and members of local veterans' associations erected a memorial stone with a suitable inscription at the site of the mass grave of the victims. This became the first memorial commemorating victims of the Romani Holocaust in the world. The memorial is cared for by local schoolchildren and the memory of the tragedy is part of the local historical consciousness.
Since 1960, Romanies from Tarnów have been coming to the region to honor the memory of the victims. Since 1996 the International Romani Caravan of Memory travels around the Tarnów region to commemorate the Nazi mass murder of Romanies during World War II. The main stop of the caravan is Szczurowa where after a visit to the mass grave, a mass is held at the local church.
The Tarnów region was a site of other Nazi crimes against Romanies in addition to that at Szczurowa. Most of the victim's identities and their place of burial are unknown. Other mass graves of murdered Romanies in the region include those at Bielcza (28 murdered), Borzęcin Dolny (28 murdered) and Żabno (49 murdered).
The Romani people, who lived in Europe from the 15th century, were among the groups singled out by the Nazi Germany regime for persecution and were often murdered along with the Jews. Between 500,000 and 1,500,000 Romanies were killed by the Nazis throughout Europe during the Holocaust.

</doc>
<doc id="20366496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366496" title="Glamour (magazine)">
Glamour (magazine)

Glamour is a women's magazine published by Condé Nast Publications. Founded in 1939 in the United States, it was originally called "Glamour of Hollywood".
Local editions are now published in numerous countries including the United Kingdom, United States, France, Italy, Germany, Spain, Russia, Greece, Poland, South Africa, Brazil, Hungary, Romania, Bulgaria, Netherlands, Mexico. In most cases it is a monthly publication.
United States.
The magazine is published in a larger format than many of its counterparts. Its current editor-in-chief is Cynthia Leive.
It targets women 18–49 (with the median age of 33.5) and reaches a subscription audience of 1,411,061 readers in the United States. Its circulation on news stands is 986,447, making the total average paid circulation: 2,397,508.
Since 1980, the magazine has held an annual "Women of the Year" awards ceremony.
On April 2009, Glamour launched its first Google widget. iGoogle, which allows users to create a custom version of the Google home page with select regions of content, or “gadgets,” will begin hosting a gadget for Glamour.com. The Glamour.com gadget potentially opens the site to an audience of iGoogle users.
Glamour Woman of the Year Awards.
Each autumn, the magazine organizes the “Glamour Woman of the Year Awards” which recognize women in the public eye.
In 2007 Lorena Ochoa won a Woman of the Year award. In 2008 the award was granted to two Yemenis: 10 year-old divorcee Nujood Ali, and the lawyer who took on her case. Nujood's courage was praised by prominent attendees, including Hillary Clinton and Condoleezza Rice. The 2010 Glamour Woman of the Year was Cher.
Glamour Top College Women Awards.
Each year for the last 56 years, the magazine has been selecting a top ten list of outstanding college women across the country. Originally, the list was composed of the best dressed college juniors in America, but was changed for more substance with categories such as academic achievement, community service, and career goals as leading criteria. Hundreds of college juniors apply each year. Past winners, finalists include; Martha Stewart, Diane Sawyer, Swati Mia Saini, Nancy Amanda Redd, 2003 Miss Virginia (MAO) and author of Body Drama, and Tamira A. Cole, Miss Black Kentucky USA 2009 and author of HUSH, actress Sheryl Lee Ralph and novelists Curtis Sittenfeld, Kate White, Janice Kaplan, Olympian Allison Schmitt, and Jean Hanff Korelitz.
United Kingdom.
Glamour launched in the UK in April 2001, where it pioneered the “handbag size” format, with the tagline "fits in your life as well as your handbag".
Each September the magazine holds “National Glamour Week”. Consequently the magazine features extra coupons (e.g. redeemable at fashion or beauty outlets) and competitions.
Since its launch the magazine has been edited by Jo Elvin, with Michelle Pamment serving as acting editor for a spell in 2005.
In June 2009, to celebrate Glamour's 8th birthday in the UK, Glamour.com have made a gallery of every cover since launch.
Glamour Woman of the Year Awards.
Each June, the magazine holds the Glamour Woman of the Year Awards which recognize women in the public eye.
2012.
Source:
2011.
Source:
Germany.
The German edition is published fortnightly and is, as of March 2005, edited by Andrea Ketterer.
South Africa.
The South African edition launched in April 2004, is published monthly and is, since its inception, edited by Pnina Fenster.
"Lucky" magazine.
In Germany and Greece "Lucky", a fashion and shopping magazine is published seasonally, in tandem with "Glamour".
Reference in pop culture.
A copy of it was the magazine to which George Costanza (Jason Alexander) masturbated on the series "Seinfeld", when he was caught by his mother in the season 4 episode "The Contest".

</doc>
<doc id="20366510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366510" title="Seth Sorenson">
Seth Sorenson

Seth Sorenson is a main protagonist in Brandon Mull's fantasy series, Fablehaven.
In the Books.
Seth, due to his curious, out-going nature, often has to learn everything the hard way. Though formidable even as an individual, he and Kendra, working together, were unstoppable. Like Kendra, he has this really strange knack for managing to stay alive in the trickiest situations, even though he is often mortally wounded, and never gives up. Unlike his sister though, Seth's main trait is courage. Throughout the series, Seth and his sister learn lessons unique to each individual. 
Fablehaven.
Seth Sorenson is Kendra's younger brother, 11, and has a much more out-going, risky, curious, and adventurous personality. Seth has great courage, but little patience, and he does not always think things through. Because of this, he tends to be the source of mischief as the story continues. In book 1, Seth gets turned into a mutant walrus because he turned a fairy into an imp unintentionally by holding her captive overnight. The family then has to go to Muriel the witch to change him back, and as a consequence one of the knots that binds the witch is lost. Against orders, Seth opens the window on Midsummer's Eve allowing goblins and other creatures into the house. These creatures kidnapped Lena and Grandpa Sorensen, and also turned Dale into a statue. This left Seth and Kendra alone to find a way of rescuing them. They later have the help of Grandma Sorensen, after they loose Muriel's last knot in order to free Grandma from her altered state. Seth doesn't play a major role in the rescuing of the preserve.
Fablehaven: Rise of the Evening Star.
In book 2, Seth goes into a funeral home and gets bit by a statue of Olloch the Glutton causing the demon to awake and eventually grow strong enough and big enough to peruse Seth in order to eat him. Olloch devours him eventually but he survived in an impervious fairy cocoon given to him by Coulter. Seth takes a powerful courage potion and confronts the Revenant. He is successful in removing the cursed nail from the Revenant, defeating it. This allowed Kendra and Warren to pass through the revenant's territory and enter the tower. In the confrontation, Seth becomes immune to magical fear that some dark beings radiate. He also gained the ability to see some elements of darkness that are hidden to others. 
Fablehaven: Grip of the Shadow Plague.
Seth visits the demon Graulus who appears in the third book and learns that Navarog, the dragon prince, was the one released from the Quiet Box, and that he retrieved the talismanic nail Seth had removed from the Revenant, and gave it to the demon Kurisock. Meanwhile,in Lost Mesa, Kendra finds the key to another hidden preserve. Seth successfully retrieves the Chronometer and inadvertently brings Patton Burgess to the present time. Seth, Kendra and Patton then face the final battle to defeat the Shadow Plague.
Fablehaven: Secrets of the Dragon Sanctuary.
Seth gets into more trouble by stealing the first horn of a unicorn from the centaurs they're most prized possession (aka the soul of Grunhold/Ring of Stones). He finds out he is a Shadow Charmer, and many are not sure if they should trust him because Shadow Charmers are usually the villains. He is then denied from the group journeying to the dragon sanctuary Wyrmroost because of his age, (and his possible dark attributes) but that won't stop him from going. Seth sneaks into the knapsack that his sister received that holds an extra dimension. He makes friends with a giant and other creatures of the night. While at Wyrmroost Seth and his sister Kendra find out that together they could be a dragon tamer. They together slay Siletta, a poisonous salamander-like dragon, who's entire body consists of deadly poison, and many other monsters. Even after Wyrmroost, Seth is still able to laugh.
Fablehaven: Keys to the Demon Prison.
Seth heals the demon Graulas, who steals two of the artifacts from him. Graulas kills Coulter in securing the third artifact allowing Graulas and the demon Nagi Luna to open the great demon prison Zzyzx. Seth releases the narcoblix Vanessa. Meanwhile, Kendra and Warren join forces with the Sphinx. The prison is opened and all of the demons are released. Seth kills Graulas and Nagi Luna single-handedly. Unlike his sister, who knew about traitors in particular, Seth learns a lot about the evil nature of demons.
Powers and Abilities.
Seth is a Shadow Charmer, his qualities beginning to emerge in Rise of the Evening Star and being stabilized and brought to full potency in Secrets of the Dragon Sanctuary. While most of his family and friends are alienated by the dark origin of his powers, Seth has never used his abilities for evil. Being a shadow charmer and an ally of night, most of his family didn't have much trust in him. It seems to be that in their opinions, Seth's accomplishments weren't as significant as Kendra's, perhaps because of the dark elements that always surrounded them.
Film.
A Fablehaven film has been confirmed, yet we do not know who will play Seth.

</doc>
<doc id="20366523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366523" title="Antonio Ledezma">
Antonio Ledezma

Antonio José Ledezma Díaz (born 1 May 1955, San Juan de los Morros, Guárico) is a Venezuelan lawyer and politician. After involvement in politics in his home state of Guárico in the 1970s for Democratic Action, he served two terms in the Venezuelan Chamber of Deputies (from 1984), and was elected to the Venezuelan Senate in 1994. He then served as mayor of the Libertador Municipality (1996–2000) of the Venezuelan Capital District, having been appointed governor of the now-defunct Federal District (1992–1993) by Carlos Andrés Pérez. After unsuccessfully challenging for the leadership of Democratic Action in 1999, he founded a new party, the Fearless People's Alliance.
In 2008, he challenged pro-Chavez PSUV/Fatherland for All candidate Aristobulo Isturiz in the 2008 Caracas mayoral election and won. Subsequent to his election, the Venezuelan National Assembly passed a Capital District Law on April 30, 2009 that transferred most functions, funding, and personnel of the Metropolitan Mayor of Caracas to a new Venezuelan Capital District (headed by Jacqueline Faría, an official directly appointed by Hugo Chavez) covering in particular the political centre of Caracas and the municipality of Libertador. A legal challenge was filed and a request was filed with the National Electoral Council to hold a referendum, but these did not stop the transfer. Opponents of Chavez described the move as a deliberate negation of the popular vote, while supporters described the political and budgetary reorganization as an "act of justice" for Libertador, the largest and poorest of the five municipalities making up Caracas.
Ledezma was a finalist for the 2010 World Mayor prize.

</doc>
<doc id="20366532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366532" title="Victor Wong (actor born 1927)">
Victor Wong (actor born 1927)

Victor Wong (July 30, 1927 – September 12, 2001) () was a Chinese American character actor who appeared in supporting roles throughout the 1980s and 1990s.
Education.
Victor Wong studied political science and journalism at the University of California, Berkeley and Theology at the University of Chicago under Paul Tillich, Reinhold Niebuhr and Martin Buber. When he returned to San Francisco, Wong resumed his studies at the San Francisco Art Institute under Mark Rothko.
Acting career.
After his news career ended, Wong turned to acting, starting in the local Asian American theatre and later landing larger roles on the stages New York City. In October 1980, Wong made his Asian American Theater Company (AATC) debut in San Francisco by appearing in their production of "Paper Angels" by Genny Lim. He was on Social Security Disability Insurance at the time.
His stage work led to television work and eventually, into movies. In between film roles, Wong lived in Sacramento, California, where he supported the local performing arts. In 1992, he acted in the Hong Kong film, "Cageman" (笼民). He later starred as the grandfather in the popular "3 Ninjas" franchise, and the cult-classics, "Big Trouble in Little China" and "Tremors".
Film director Wayne Wang called Victor Wong his role model for living life.
Director Bernardo Bertolucci had trouble with Victor on the set of "The Last Emperor" amid arguments over historical authenticity and cut most of Wong's scenes in the film, which won the Best Picture Oscar for 1987.
He retired from acting in 1998 after suffering two strokes, which also contributed to his death on September 12, 2001 from heart failure. Wong was 74 years old.
Association with the Beat Generation.
In the 1950s, while studying art under Mark Rothko, Victor Wong had his first art exhibition at the City Lights Bookstore. During this time, Wong befriended Lawrence Ferlinghetti.
He illustrated "Oranges", Dick McBride's first collection of poetry, which was handset and printed at the Bread and Wine Mission in 1960.
He met Jack Kerouac in the early 1960s, who chronicled their meeting in his novel "Big Sur" (1962). In the novel, Wong is characterised as "Arthur Ma".
Personal life.
He lived in Sacramento, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20366569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366569" title="Magouliana">
Magouliana

Magouliana () is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Vytina, Arcadia, Greece. As of 2001, it had a population of 238 for the village and 256 for the community, which includes the small village Pan. It sits at 1,365 m above sea level, under the ruined Argyrokastro Castle. Magouliana is 3 km southwest of Lasta, 5 km west of Vytina and 12 km northeast of Dimitsana.
Geography and history.
According to several sources, the village was founded between 1530 and 1600 by inhabitants of five settlements, Agios Athanasios (Kastro), Agios Konstantinos (Leivadi), Agios Ioannis (Kampeas), Petrovouni and Megisti or Katsipodas, fleeing from raiding "Lalaioi" Turks. According to Max Vasmer, the name might derive from the Slavic word "Mogyljane" ("hill people"). The word is also related to the modern Greek μαγούλα ("magoula", of Slavic or Albanian origin) which means hill or small mound. It was renamed to Argyrokastro in 1927, but it was renamed back to Magouliana in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="20366587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366587" title="Romanian science fiction">
Romanian science fiction

Romanian science fiction began in the 19th century and gained popularity in Romania during the second half of the 20th century. While a few Romanian science fiction writers were translated into English, none proved popular abroad.
Early years.
The country's earliest science fiction story is Al. N. Dariu's "Finis Romaniae" (1873), an alternate history short story which presents the history of Romania after the sudden death of Carol I and a revolution against the new prince, which declares Romania a republic.
The following story was "Spiritele anului 3000", a utopia written two years later, in 1875, by a teenager under the pen name "Demetriu G. Ionnescu", who would later become the statesman Take Ionescu. The short story is set in the year 3000, when the earth is populated by humans of small stature who reach maturity by age 15. Politically, the monarchies have been abolished, with all the states being republics and part of a world confederation. Religion and wars have disappeared and Bucharest, a garden city, is the capital of a Romania within its natural (ethnic) borders, following a ruling from a Supreme Tribunal.
In the early 1900s, Victor Anestin was a notable popularizer of science who, apart from writing hundreds of articles and books about science, wrote three science fiction novels: "În anul 4000 sau O călătorie la Venus" ("In the year 4000, or A trip to Venus", 1899), "O tragedie cerească, Poveste astronomică" ("A Celestial Tragedy, An Astronomical Story", 1914) and "Puterea ştiinţei, sau Cum a fost omorât Răsboiul European, Poveste fantastică" ("The Power of Science, or How the European War was Killed, Fantasy Story", 1916). "A Celestial Tragedy" had one of the earliest descriptions of the possibility of using atomic power for war purposes, being published in February 1914, the same year as H. G. Wells' "The World Set Free".
In 1914, Henri Stahl published "Un român în lună" ("A Romanian on the Moon"), themed around the possibility of a moon landing.
Communist era.
After WWII, the new communist regime supported science fiction, using it as a means of popularizing science and of ideological indoctrination. A weekly science fiction magazine, "Colecţia de povestiri ştiinţifico-fantastice" was founded; this was an important factor in the promotion of science fiction in Romania.
The most popular writers of the era, I.M. Ştefan and Radu Nor, wrote sci-fi adventure novels which sometimes included a Marxist ideological bent. Adrian Rogoz, Sergiu Fărcăşan and Camillo Baciu were the most important science fiction writers of the era, while Vladimir Colin was the first major writer of fantasy.
During the 1980s, the most notable publication of science fiction was the yearly "Anticipaţia" almanac, edited by Ioan Albescu. Many of the writers of the 1980s had scientific studies, which meant that their writings tended to be closer to hard science fiction. They were not very fruitful as during the 1980s, it was very difficult to get published and during the 1990s, they moved on to other fields. (For example, Cristian Tudor Popescu became a well-known journalist.)
After 1989.
After the 1989 Romanian Revolution, initially, the science fiction genre experienced a boom, as many translations which had not been accepted by the communist authorities were published. Notably, between 1992 and 1998, the Nemira publishing house turned out hundreds of translations and a few Romanian novels, among which "Aşteptând în Ghermana" by Dănuţ Ungureanu, the steampunk novel "2484 Quirinal Ave" and the cyberpunk novel "Cel mai înalt turn din Baabylon" by Sebastian A. Corn.
Currently, there is a trend to focus more on fantasy rather than science fiction, with only a few publishing houses still publishing Romanian science fiction writers, among them being Amaltea and Tritonic.

</doc>
<doc id="20366589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366589" title="Thirtysixstrings">
Thirtysixstrings

Thirtysixstrings was the first album from Dublin-based instrumental band The Redneck Manifesto.

</doc>
<doc id="20366594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366594" title="Stephen Watkins">
Stephen Watkins

Stephen George Watkins (born 23 March 1959) is a former English cricketer who played one first-class and one List A match for Worcestershire in 1983.
Watkins' solitary first-class appearance came against Oxford University in the middle of June 1983. Watkins, batting at two, had quite a successful match, scoring 77 and 28.
Nevertheless, he never played first-class cricket again, and his only other game in major cricket was a John Player Special League match against Kent in early August, in which he made 24.
He left Worcestershire after the 1983 season, but later played minor counties cricket for Wales Minor Counties and Herefordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20366599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366599" title="Fishing and Fishermen's Talk">
Fishing and Fishermen's Talk

"Fishing and Fishermen's Talk" () is the most important literary work of Croatian Renaissance poet Petar Hektorović, finished on January 14, 1566, and printed in 1568 in Venice. "Ribanje" is a pastoral and philosophic narrative poem in three parts in which Hektorović describes in a letter to his cousin, his three-day boat trip from Hvar to Brač and Šolta, accompanied by a pair of Hvar fishermen, Paskoje Debelja and Nikola Zet.
As a literary piece "Ribanje" has been variously classified in Croatian literary history as an epistle, as a fishermen eclogue or epic poem, and at other times as a documentary travelogue.
According to its content "Ribanje" is the first piece of Croatian literature written in verse in which travel is not described allegorically, but as a real journey, describing the beauties of nature and homeland. It's a travelogue of a Renaissance man who enjoys nature and considers it to be a refuge for man's spirit where it can achieve complete relaxation and invigoration. "Ribanje" is the first described tourist journey of a modern, Renaissance man in Croatian literature; it is a first piece of Croatian culture in which world is described by parameters of human's concrete, earthly needs. To sum it up, "Ribanje" is the first secular, mimetic, realistic travelogue of Croatian literature.
In the poem the narrator—the poet himself—describes his journey across Adriatic islands and recounts events that he and his co-travellers experienced along the path. The narrator, great aesthetist and sensitive to beauty, often describes the landscape the company sailed through, admiring the beauties of his homeland.
The descriptive accounts of "Ribanje" combine the narrative parts in which events of the journey are detailed, along with the fishermens' complaints, dialogues and conversations. The poet-narrator often cites the conversation of the fishermen, quoting the truth, as he sees it, of their wise sayings and intelligent conversations.
Hektorović meticulously recorded the songs sung by the fishermen along the way, making this one of the earliest examples in Croatian literature to include transcribed folk music within the text. There are two bugaršćicas and three short songs, toasts or honorific songs, sung alternatively by the fishermen. This makes "Ribanje" a work that makes an interesting and aesthetically valuable synthesis, a blending of artistic and folk literature.
The work has been translated from Croatian to English as "Fishing and fishermen's conversation" by Edward Dennis Goy in 1979. In 1999 Matica hrvatska published a facsimile reprint of the edition princeps of "Ribanje i ribarsko prigovaranje", with parallel translation to modern standard Croatian, conducted by Marko Grčić. The only two extant copies of the first edition are held at the library of Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="20366608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366608" title="Belsky (surname)">
Belsky (surname)

Belsky () is a Russian surname. When transliterated as Bielski it can also refer to a Polish family of the same name. 
Notable individuals bearing the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20366612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366612" title="InterContinental Hong Kong">
InterContinental Hong Kong

InterContinental Hong Kong () is an InterContinental hotel in Hong Kong. It is located on 18 Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, on the former site of Holt's Wharf. 
History.
The hotel was opened as The Regent Hong Kong () and it was originally owned and managed by New World Development. 
In June 2001, New World sold the hotel to Six Continents plc for . Six Continents (now InterContinental Hotels Group PLC) then rebranded the property as the InterContinental Hong Kong.
Facilities.
The Presidential Suite, billed at per night, is listed at number 15 on "World's 15 most expensive hotel suites" complied by CNN Travel in 2012.
Japanese restaurant 'Nobu', part of the restaurant concept by chef Nobuyuki "Nobu" Matsuhisa is based at the hotel, since December 2006. The restaurant was listed at no. 15 on "Asia's Top 20 Restaurants" of the Miele Guide in the 2009/2010 edition. It was also listed at no. 16 for the 2008/2009 and 2010/2011 editions.

</doc>
<doc id="20366628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366628" title="David Murray/James Newton Quintet">
David Murray/James Newton Quintet

David Murray/James Newton Quintet is an album by David Murray and James Newton released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1996 and features seven quintet performances by Murray and Newton with John Hicks, Fred Hopkins, Billy Hart and Andrew Cyrille.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 4 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20366632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366632" title="Plymouth Cathedral">
Plymouth Cathedral

The Cathedral Church of Saint Mary and Saint Boniface in Plymouth, England, is the seat of the Bishop of Plymouth and mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Plymouth, which covers the counties of Cornwall, Devon and Dorset. The Diocese of Plymouth was created in 1850. In 1858 the new condign cathedral was opened and put under the patronage of Virgin Mary and Saint Boniface, the latter being born in Crediton in the area of the diocese.
The Cathedral is also used by Royal Navy personnel stationed at HMNB Devonport for the annual naval mass celebrated in July.
History.
Founding.
Prior to the Reformation Exeter Cathedral was the seat of the bishops whose diocese included all of Devon and Cornwall. In 1850, under Catholic emancipation, Plymouth became the centre for Cornwall, Devon and Dorset in the reconstructed Catholic diocesan structure. The first bishop was consecrated on 25 July 1851: George Errington, a Yorkshireman who was notable for visiting Dartmoor Prison weekly. Four years later Bishop Errington was appointed coadjutor Archbishop of Westminster, and on 19 July 1855, William Vaughan from Bristol was consecrated the new Bishop of Plymouth.
Construction.
Since the diocese's foundation, the small church of Saint Mary, erected in 1807 at "Saint Mary Street", had served as Pro-cathedral. Vaughan decided to build a cathedral replacing the pro-cathedral. On 20 February 1856, he bought a portion of land on the town's outskirts. It cost £3,904: £1,000 from Mr Bastard and the remaining money was raised throughout the diocese and elsewhere in England. Joseph Hansom and Charles Hansom were the architects and local men from Stonehouse built it. Work commenced on 22 June, during which a Royal Navy officer fired new Turkish Man-of-war guns in Plymouth Sound, which caused subsidence. The Cathedral was opened with Mass on 25 March 1858 (the Feast of the Annunciation), and consecrated by Bishop Vaughan on 22 September 1880.
Convent School.
On 26 July 1860 the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur, who looked after poor schools, settled in the presbytery of St Mary's Church. On 19 October 1858, they purchased land near the Cathedral and opened a convent and girls' boarding and day school. It was closed after being bombed during the Plymouth Blitz of 1941. It has now been redeveloped as a residential complex. The Notre Dame Catholic School is now located in the Plymouth suburb of Derriford.

</doc>
<doc id="20366634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366634" title="Pamela J. H. Slutz">
Pamela J. H. Slutz

Pamela Jo Howell Slutz was a career member of the Senior United States Foreign Service who served as U.S. Ambassador to Burundi from November 2009 until February 2012 and as U.S. Ambassador to Mongolia from September 2003 to September 2006. She was the recipient of two U.S. Department of State Superior Honor Awards and the Presidential Rank Award of Meritorious Executive. Ambassador Slutz retired on April 30, 2012. In May 2013 she was named Chairman of the North American Mongolian Business Council (NAMBC). 
Early life and education.
Born in Chicago, Illinois where her father, Robert F. Slutz, Jr. earned a Ph.D.in History, Pamela Slutz moved to Washington when her father joined the United States Department of State, Bureau of Intelligence and Research in 1952. In 1955 her father joined the Foreign Service and was posted overseas. From the age of 6 to 15, Pamela Slutz lived in Palermo, Sicily (1956–58) and Bangkok, Thailand (1958-1964).
Pamela Slutz is an alumna of International School Bangkok (1958-1964), Richard Montgomery High School in Rockville, Maryland (1964–66), and Hollins University (BA) (1970) where she participated in the Hollins Abroad Program in Paris in 1968-69. She also holds an MA in Asian Studies with specialization in Indonesian studies, (1972) from the University of Hawaii where she was an East-West Center. She is the recipient of the Hollins University Distinguished Alumnae Award (2010) and was one of fifty East-West Center alumni featured in the Center's Fiftieth Anniversary publication, "50 Years, 50 Stories." 
Ambassador Slutz is married to Ronald J. Deutch, a Foreign Service Officer who retired in 2002; they were a tandem Foreign Service couple for 24 years
Career.
After entering the Foreign Service in 1981, she served overseas at U.S. embassies in Kinshasa, Zaire (1982–84) and Jakarta, Indonesia (1984–87). She worked in the U.S. Department of State's Bureau of Political Military Affairs from 1987 to 1989 where she was also a member of the U.S. Delegation to the Nuclear and Space Talks with the USSR in Geneva.
From 1991 to 1994 she was assigned to the U.S. Consulate General in Shanghai, where she was Acting Consul General from May to October 1994. From 1995 to 1997 she was deputy director of the U.S. Department of State Office of Chinese and Mongolian Affairs, the first woman to hold that position. Between 1997 and 1999 she was director of the Office of Regional and Security Policy in the Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs.She returned to Jakarta, Indonesia for a second tour as the Chief of the Political Section (1999-2001). She was Acting Director of the American Institute in Taiwan, Taipei from 2001 to 2002, and Deputy Director until 2003. 
President George W. Bush nominated her to be U.S. Ambassador to Mongolia (2003-2006), the first woman to hold that position. As Ambassador to Mongolia, Slutz hosted the first-ever visits to Mongolia by a sitting president and first lady, a secretary of defense, and a speaker of the House — and the second-ever visit by a secretary of state. She was also instrumental in channeling assistance to the first-ever shelter for abused women in Ulaanbaatar.
Ambassador Slutz then served as Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi, Kenya (2006-2009) before being nominated by President Barack Obama to be the U.S. Ambassador to Burundi (2009-2012). 

</doc>
<doc id="20366640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366640" title="Seminole Hotel">
Seminole Hotel

The Seminole Hotel was built in 1886 on Lake Osceola in Winter Park, Florida and many people referred to it as "the" grand resort of Florida. In its early years, the hotel was able to attract many wealthy northerners using luxuries such as gaslights and steam heating. The hotel featured a beautiful formal dining room that could seat hundreds, sumptuous covered porches, a bowling alley, and 200 guest rooms. Along with neighboring Rollins College, the hotel and college brought luxury to the edge of the Florida frontier. The college’s opening offered many job opportunities around the Orlando area. For African-Americans living on the west side of Winter Park, this was crucial. Many young African-Americans were able to find jobs at the Seminole Hotel and earn decent wages.
The hotel is now known as the Park Plaza Hotel.
Northern money boosted Seminole.
Tourists who visited Winter Park usually came via the South Florida Railroad. This train, which ran right through the center of Winter Park, made it easy for the hotel to attract visitors from more affluent regions in the north. When a family or someone with money arrived in Winter Park, the concierge would bring the guests to the hotel by a mule-drawn carriage, driven by one of their African-American employees.
Job opportunities for the African-American community.
The Seminole offered African-Americans many such service jobs. Women could find work at the hotel as maids or cooks, while African-American men were hired as bellhops or baggage carriers. 
Many of the employees of the Seminole Hotel who lived in Winter Park year-round acquired other jobs through their connections at the hotel. The majority of the hotel’s business came during the winter months, leaving most employees free to seek other jobs during the summer months. Through their association with affluent white hotel guests, local African-Americans procured off-season jobs maintaining gardens and orange crops for the wealthy people who returned north for the summer, leaving their Florida properties in need of maintenance. This was highly beneficial for the African-American families in Winter Park, because with the right connections this guaranteed work all year round.

</doc>
<doc id="20366683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366683" title="Saat (cigarette)">
Saat (cigarette)

Saat cigarettes are produced by AKJ Marketing (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd. It is the largest local cigarette brand in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="20366701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366701" title="Argyrokastro Castle">
Argyrokastro Castle

Argyrokastro (, "silver castle") is a castle in the region of the Peloponnese, Greece. It is located in mountainous Arcadia, near the village of Magouliana, at an elevation of 1,450 m. It is also known as the "Gortyniako dynamari" (, "Gortynian stronghold").
The castle was erected during the Frankish rule by the Villehardouin dynasty of the Principality of Achaea, and served as their summer retreat. 

</doc>
<doc id="20366711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366711" title="1934 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1934 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1934 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1934-1935. The Buckeyes compiled a 7–1 record. In Francis Schmidt's 1st season, the Bucks lit up the scoreboard, outscoring opponents 267-34. Coach Schmidt also made a win against Michigan in his first appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="20366719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366719" title="Cuban pastry">
Cuban pastry

Cuban pastries (known in Spanish as pasteles or pastelitos) are baked puff pastry-type pastries filled with sweet or savory fillings.
Traditional fillings include cream cheese, guava ("pastelito de guayaba") and cheese, pineapple, and coconut. The sweet fillings are made with sweetened fruit pulps. The cream cheese filling is also a slightly sweetened version of cream cheese, typically made to resemble the flavor and texture of a cheesecake. The savory fillings are usually beef, but sometimes chicken or ham and cheese are used. The beef fillings consist of a seasoned but not spicy meat, made in a tomato-based sauce. It is typical to include raisins and green olives as part of the meat filling. It is typical for a sweet glaze to be applied to the top of even savory fillings.
The pastries are typically consumed at any time as a snack. In Miami, one can find many "window cafeterias" with customers having a "pastelito" with coffee throughout the day.
The pastries can be found at many Hispanic cafeterias and have also been introduced into the national retail market by Goya Foods. The pastries are also available in wholesale for the foodservice industry by several companies including Hispanic wholesale frozen bakery manufacturer Latin Flavors.

</doc>
<doc id="20366748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366748" title="Nestor Ignat">
Nestor Ignat

Nestor Ignat (born Nestor Ignat Filotti) is a Romanian journalist, writer and graphic artist.
Born in Iași in 1918, Ignat graduated from the Spiru Haret High School of Bucharest in 1936 and continued his studies at the University of Bucharest.
Journalist.
Nestor Ignat joined the Romanian Communist Party while it was still illegal. In 1944 he joined the staff of the "Scânteia" newspaper, where he was appointed editor. 
Working with the chief editor Sorin Toma and deputy chief editor Silviu Brucan, Nestor Ignat wrote editorial attacking the non-communist political parties and vocally demanding the sentencing to death of their leaders. This part of his activity is often quoted as an example of an expression of the Stalinist ideological excesses and intolerance.
Nestor Ignat's journalistic activity focused mainly on the ideological aspects. A staunch supporter of proletcultism, he defended the ideological purity of the socialist society and exposed the "bourgeois" intellectuals. He also published articles in literary magazines where he exposed not only the writers which he considered as being "reactionary" but also communist critics who were insufficiently pugnacious. An example is his study on Lucian Blaga published in Viaţa Românească in which he wrote:
"Now when justice is under way for sentencing big and small criminals, it is our duty to denounce, to dispel all confusion, to tear off masks however well they might be composed, to through light into the darkness where fascism swarmed. We must eradicate evil, to extirpate it from every corner of the spirit. Those are the reasons for which we opened the "Blaga case", to enable all those who dreamed of an "aeonic" future, that the hour of reckoning has come and that nothing and nobody can escape from the crushing judgement of history." 
A new wave of attacks started after student movements of 1956. A typical article of this period is a criticism of Anatol E. Baconsky, editor in chief of the magazine "Steaua" published by the Cluj section of the Writers' Union of Romania. This time Nestor Ignat disagrees with Baconsky's study of Mateiu Caragiale, accusing him of moving away from Marxism and from the "Leninist methods of revaluation of cultural heritage", of ignoring socialist realism and militant literature.
Nestor Ignat held important functions in various professional organizations. He was chairman of the Union of Journalists and member of the National Council on the Romanian State Radio and Television Networks. He was also dean of the Faculty of Journalism of the University of Bucharest, giving up his position after the Romanian Revolution of 1989.
Though he remained close to the higher hierarchy of the Romanian Communist Party, he became less active after Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej's death. In 1974, at the 11th Congress of the Communist Party, he was not elected a member of the Central Committee, although he had been proposed by his County Organization. There were only two political figures whose candidacy was rejected by the Congress.
Poet and writer.
Nestor Ignat started writing poems while he was still in university, one of his first being "Magic" (Magie) published in 1939 in the "Jurnalul literar":
After his involvement in politics, Nestor Ignat published works attempting to present a marxist-leninist interpretation of Romanian writers. A first such volume analyzed the journalistic activity of Mihai Eminescu, emphasizing the poet's political views. His major volume "On the revaluation of the cultural heritage" is more comprehensive and covers the marxist presentation of many Romanian contemporary writers. 
"The Byzantinist mystic, the wild chauvinism, the glorification of the fascist "superman" and the exhortation of blind submission to the will of fascist leaders, the myth of blood and the worship of death, the idealization of patriarchal retardment and of the return to the Middle Ages - spread by traitors such as Nichifor Crainic, Radu Gyr, Aron Cotruş, Mircea Eliade and other representatives of hooliganism in literature - had precise and outspoken class related goals; their school raised the gangs of murderers of the Iron Guard."
Nestor Ignat continued his attacks previous against Lucian Blaga published in literary magazines: 
For instance, Lucian Blaga's writings are a meeting point of all western decadent philosophical and literary trends. What could anybody find as being "good" or "positive" in Blaga's plays - an association of dark mysticism and Freudian pathological dramas - or in his misty poetry, full of morbid sensations, expressing the aspiration of immersion into nothingness, a poetry in which man is degraded to inferior levels, being transformed into a plant or a mineral? Blaga's entire work is an expression of putrid bourgeois ideology and foredoomed to perish at the same time with the class it has served.
While Nestor Ignat indicates the critical way in which Communist Party considered national cultural heritage, his book acidly characterizes various Romanian writers, without presenting an analysis or a justification of those views. However, after Joseph Stalin's death, Nestor Ignat did not publish any other books on similar topics. 
His later works dealt with a presentation of Mexican Muralism or with impressions from his various travels and were devoid of political activism. He had shown concern for painting even before, having supported the activity of painters. Thus, he had written the presentation of painter George Ştefănescu for the latter's solo exhibition at the "Gheorghe Tattarescu Museum" in 1965.
After the Romanian Revolution of 1989, Nestor Ignat published o booklet with his poems, which a completely different worldview. As the poems were written at the same time when Ignat was an active supporter of Communist extremist, their publication does not reflect a change of mind after the collapse of the Commnist regime. 
In 1999 he published a Romanian translation of the originally in French written doctoral thesis of Alice Voinescu on Neo-Kantianism and the Marburg School (Paris 1912). The same year, Nestor Ignat published some memoirs on Nae Ionescu, who had been one of his professors The topic is unexpected for a journalist and indicates the variety of Nestor Ignat's areas of interest.
Graphic artist.
Nestor Ignat also had talent as graphic artist. The booklet with his poems, published in 1996, also included reproductions of some of Ignat's drawings.
Other drawings were also selected as illustrations for a bibliophile reprint of Geo Bogza's "Offensive Poem" 
In 2004, age 86, Nestor Ignat had his first exhibition as a graphic artist at the "I.C. Petrescu" library in Bucharest. His 64 drawings are essentially expressionistic, but also reflect influences of other modern art movements such as constructivism, futurism, cubism or surrealism. His drawings entitled "Totalitarism", "Limbs", "War and Peace", "Sic transit gloria mundi", "End of a Century", "Jungle", "War", "At the Gates of Hell", "Big Bang", "Walpurgis Night", etc., present the terrifying contemporary hysteria and dementia, the desacralization of human existence, the bestialization of human beings. The drawings seen to reflect the artist's profound anxiety, the impossibility of finding an interior peace.
Part of his drawings were presented at the "Sicardi Gallery" in Houston.
Legacy.
Contemporary historians investigating the history of Communism, mention Nestor Ignat as a journalist who was notorious in his rigid presentation of extreme Marxist-Leninist interpretation of the national culture, in purging the names of important Romanian writers for even minor non-conformist opinions and severely criticizing any other writer who dared be less intransigent. The influence of such views persisted long after the Stalin's death. Nestor Ignat's name is nearly always mentioned along with other political activist with whom he collaborated such as Silviu Brucan. While it would be difficult to deny this ideological activity, which is clearly illustrated by his writings, Nestor Ignat's personality is significantly more complex.
Even after the relative thaw after the fall of Stalinism or after the collapse of the communist regimes, Nestor Ignat was unapologetic, never denied the opinions expressed in his writing and never attempted to justify or to explain them. 
Except for the period from 1945 to 1955, Nestor Ignat's publications show a completely different ideological picture. The poems published before 1944, such as "Magic" are impregnated with a mysticism similar with the one found in Blaga's works, which he later exposed as a sign of bourgeois decadence. His publications of the 1972-1980 seem to avoid ideological involvement. His study of Neo-Kantianism presents an idealistic philosophy opposed to materialism. 
His drawings are influenced by the artistic avant-garde of the years between the two world wars and does not have the slightest connection with the socialist realism which he himself had supported as the only viable artistic expression.
These different approaches are however not the result of an evolution of Nestor Ignat's thinking. They seem to have coexisted. As opposed to other communist ideologists of the post-war era, to whom he is compared, Nestor Ignat did not try to rise in the political hierarchy of the Communist Party. While he did have important positions in the professional union of journalists and in the Faculty of Journalism, which both required an allegiance to the party, Nestor Ignat tried to limit his involvement strictly to journalism and avoided the party bureaucracy. The reasons why his candidacy for a membership in the party's central committee was rejected has never been investigated or explained by analysts.
Ignat remains a controversial figure, still raising many unanswered questions.

</doc>
<doc id="20366766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366766" title="Sardar Fateh Muhammad Khan Karelvi">
Sardar Fateh Muhammad Khan Karelvi

Sardar Fateh Muhammad Khan Karelvi is a Kashimiri politician. He was born into a Domaal Tribe in Karela Majhan Mendhar Poonch, son of Sardar Feroze Khan Domaal. He joined the Poonch police service as a sergeant but resigned to play an active political role under the Muslim Conference of Jammu and Kashmir. Later he was elected as a member of the Jammu and Kashmir Assembly from Tehsil Mendhar Poonch.
He fought during the First Kashmir War against the Dogra army with Baba-e-Poonch Khansahib Colonel Khan Muhammad Khan and General Raja Sakhi Daler Khan Mangral, defeating the Dogra forces.
His son Sardar Sikandar Hayat Khan twice became the president and the prime minister of Azad Jammu and Kashmir. His other son Sardar Naeem Khan is the minister of Jammu & Kashmir.

</doc>
<doc id="20366793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366793" title="1933 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1933 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1933 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1933-1934. The Buckeyes compiled a 7–1, the one loss to Michigan. Ohio State outscored their opponents 161-26 in Sam Willaman's last year as head coach. He finished his tenure at OSU with a record of 26-10-4 and 2-3 against Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20366815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366815" title="Zakir Husain Delhi College">
Zakir Husain Delhi College

Zakir Husain Delhi College, formerly Zakir Husain College, Anglo Arabic College and Delhi College, founded in 1692, is the oldest existing educational institution in Delhi, and is a constituent college of the University of Delhi, offering undergraduate and post graduate courses in Arts, Commerce and Sciences. It has had a considerable influence on modern education as well as Urdu and Islamic learning in India, and today remains the only Delhi University college offering BA (Hons) courses in Arabic and Persian.
History.
It was initially founded by Ghaziuddin Khan, a general of Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb, a leading Deccan commander and the father of Qamar-ud-din Khan, Asaf Jah I, the founder of the Asaf Jahi dynasty of Hyderabad, also known as the first Nizam of Hyderabad, in 1690s, and was originally termed "Madrasa Ghaziuddin Khan" after him. However with a weakening Mughal Empire, the Madrasa closed in the early 1790s, but with the support of local nobility, an oriental college for literature, science and art, was established at the site in 1792.
It stood just outside the walled city of Delhi outside the Ajmeri Gate, near Paharganj close to the New Delhi railway station. It was originally surrounded by a wall and connected to the walled city fortifications and was referred to as the College Bastion.
It was reorganized as the 'Anglo Arabic College' by the British East India Company in 1828 to provide, in addition to its original objectives, an education in English language and literature. The object was “to uplift” what the Company saw as the “uneducated and half-barbarous people of India.” Behind the move was Charles Trevelyan, the brother-in-law of Thomas Babingdon Macaulay, the same infamous Macaulay whose famously declared that “a single shelf of a good European library was worth the whole native literature of India and Arabia”.
Rev. Jennings started secret Bible classes in the officially secular Delhi College. In July 1852, two prominent Delhi Hindus, Dr. Chaman Lal, one of Zafar’s personal physicians, and his friend Master Ramchandra, a mathematics lecturer at the Delhi College, baptised a public ceremony at St. James' Church, Delhi.
Dr. Sprenger, then principal, presided over the founding of the college press, the Matba‘u ’l-‘Ulum and founded the first college periodical, the weekly Qiranu ’s-Sa‘dain, in 1845.
Another cultural intermediatory was Mohan Lal Kashmiri, diplomat, and author, who worked for the East India Company and was educated at the college.
It was renamed Zakir Husain College in 1975 after Dr. Zakir Husain, a distinguished educator and a President of India. The college was later shifted to its present building outside Turkman Gate in 1986, the old structure in the Madrasa Ghaziuddin complex, still houses a hostel for the college. It was declared a heritage monument by the ASI in 2002. Then in 2008, a separate archive on its history was set up within the college library, with centuries-old books and documents on display, chronicling its 300-year-old history.
Alumni and impact.
It has had a number of distinguished alumni. Sir Syed Ahmed Khan, the founder of Aligarh Muslim University, Liaqat Ali Khan, Pakistan’s first Prime Minister, Maulana Mohammed Hussain Azad, the father of Urdu prose, Deputy Nazir Ahmed, the Urdu essayist and ICS, poets, Ali Sardar Jafri and Akhtar ul-Iman, Mirza M N Masood, an Indian hockey olympian, eminent linguist and the 5th Vice-Chancellor of Jamia Millia Islamia Professor Emeritus Masud Husain Khan, Khwaja Ahmed Farooqui (literatteur), Prof A N Kaul (pro-vice chancellor, Delhi University), J N Dixit (Defence Analyst), Prof Gopi Chand Narang (world renowned Urdu/Persian critic), Pankaj Vohra (Associate Editor, Hindustan Times), B N Uniyal, Shahid Siddiqui, Manmohan, Mukul Vyas, Chandra Prabha, Habib Akhtar, M Afzal (journalists) and politicians like Jagdish Tytler and Sikandar Bakht.
Among the greats of Delhi College was Prof. Bhishma Sahni of the English department who was a noted writer and dramatist. Prof. Sahni was the brother of Actor Balraj Sahni.
It's said that Ghalib was once a candidate for the Persian post for Delhi College. However, the administrator conducting the interview failed to come out to greet him, and an offended Ghalib left.
Mamluk Ali Nanutavi, the distinguished scholar, who descendants founded Darul Uloom Deoband, taught Arabic here in 1830s.
Zakir Husain Delhi College has been offering an extremely wide range of courses for students. It offers science, humanities and commerce as well as language courses. One important feature of the college is that it is (at least used to be) the only college in Delhi which offers Graduation courses to male students in Psychology. All other colleges which offer this course are exclusively for female students.
The college enjoys a sterling reputation in the Delhi University and is amongst the top 10 colleges in the University.
Zakir Husain Memorial Trust.
Zakir Husain Delhi College is run by the 'Zakir Husain Memorial Trust' under the chairmanship of "Dr. Manmohan Singh",the prime minister of India and minister of human resources developement is the vice-chairman of the trust as well as of the college.
Scholarships & Awards.
Mirza Mahmood Begg Memorial Scholarship
Three scholarships of the value of Rs. 1400 each are awarded annually to the undergraduates who secure the highest percentage of marks in the college at the final year University examinations in
(1) Arts/Humanities stream
(2) Sciences/Mathematical Sciences stream
(3) Commerce Stream
(4) B.Tech stream
Sri Narain Nigam Memorial Scholarship
Three scholarships,for the following categories of students obtaining highest percentage of marks in the college at the second year University examination
(1)Rs. 700 for a visually handicapped student,
(2)Rs. 1100 for Arts/Humanities and Commerce stream.
(3)Rs. 1100 for Science stream and B.Tech stream.
Ved Kumar Gupta Memorial Scholarship
One scholarship of the value of Rs. 1100 to a student securing highest percentage of marks in college at the second year Arts/Humanities Stream of University examination in Political Science.
Kumar Shubham Memorial Scholarship
Four scholarships for the following categories of second-year students who obtain highest percentage of marks in the following courses.;
(1)Rs. 700 for a student in B.Tech with Psychological Sciences.
(2)Rs. 350 for a student in Arts/Humanities stream.
(3)Rs. 350 for a student in Science stream and Mathematical stream.
(4)Rs. 350 for a student in Commerce Stream.
Mrs. Harjinder Grover Memorial Award
Botany Department awards a cash prize of Rs. 500/- each to the students securing highest marks in B.Sc (Honours) in Botany Semester IV.The prize money is funded by the Harjinder Grover Endowment Fund which was instituted in the memory of Late Dr. (Mrs.)Harjinder Grover who remained on the faculty of the department for a long time.
S.P. Suri Memorial Award
Chemistry Department awards every year a medal,books and certificate to the students securing highest marks in Sciences Bechelor with Honours in Chemistry I,II,III year in the college as well as to the student who tops the Delhi University in B.Sc. (Honours)Chemistry III year.The award is instituted in the memory of Late Mr. S.P. Suri who established the Chemistry Department in the College and was on its faculty till 1987.
Mirza Mehmood Begg Library & Book Bank.
The College has a well stocked library possessing about 1,18,462 books.It runs on open shelf system but some important text books are also kept in reserve section.It not only caters to the academic requirements but also houses leisure books and books to increase general awareness.The Library is named after the college principal Mirza Mehmood Begg.
The College Book Bank renders service to students by providing them with text books for the whole academic session.This is the only college in the Delhi University which offers four textbooks to every students for whole academic session free of cost.
Salman Gani Hashmi Auditorium.
The College has fully functional,Centrally Air Conditioned auditorium with a seating capacity of 417 persons.The auditorium has a state of art audio-visual system and a multi functional lighting arrangement.Various cultural programmes,lectures and college annual function are also organised in this auditorium.This auditorium is named after the college principal Salman Gani Hashmi.
College Archives.
The Delhi College Archives,situated in a section of the M.M. Begg Library,was inaugurated by Prof. Sabyasachi Bhattacharya,Chairman,Indian Council of Historical Research,on February 18, 2008.
The archives contain a large number of files relating to the college and significant developments in higher education in Delhi and North India from 1823 onwards. These have been located within the National Archives of India and the Delhi Archives,and analysed over the last coupled of years.
Original writings by teachers and alumni of the college in Urdu,Persian and English are also available in the archives.Text-books prepared and/or used during the 19th Century for instruction in mathematics,history,geography,philosophy,literature etc., are on display.The archives also contains secondary sources and books relating to Delhi College and the intellectual ferment in Delhi region during the 18th and 19th centuries.
Zakir Husain Memorial Lecture.
A major annual event in the college calendar is the Zakir Husain Memorial Lecture to commemorate Dr. Zakir Husain. The speaker is an eminent personality of his field. It is organized in the 1st week of February. Zakir Husain Memorial Lecture is organized since 2006 annually.The lecture was delivered by the following persons;
Ms. Aruna Roy (2006)
Prof. Sukhadeo Thorat (2007)
Mr. Intizae Husain (2008)
Shri M. Hamid Ansari (2009)
Prof. B.B. Bhattacharya (2010)
Mr. Soli J. Sorabjee (2011)
Prof. C.M. Naim (2012)
Prof V.S. Chauhan (2013)
Delhi College Lecture Series.
From the academic session 2006-07,the college has started another series of lectures named Delhi College Lecture Series. The endeavour is to recreate and carry forward the legacy of the Delhi Renaissance and the progress made thereof in Science,Literature and the positive interventions in the field of education. The last lecture was delivered by Mrinal Pande,eminent journalist and chairman Prasar Bahrti.
Convocation Ceremony.
Another important event in the college is the full dress convocation ceremony. The students who have graduated in the previous academic session are given their degree by a noted personality .The purpose behind holding convocation is to inculcate a sense of institutional pride among our students through a public recognition of their achievement and also inspire them to strive for greater goals in life. The occasion brings together past and present students and teachers to strengthen bonds within the fraternity.This is only college in the Delhi University which holds convocation ceremony. 

</doc>
<doc id="20366899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366899" title="Robert A. Haag">
Robert A. Haag

Robert A. Haag (born 1956) is an American famous for collecting meteorites. Some meteorites acquired from Haag are currently on display in the Smithsonian.
Arrest.
Haag has been arrested and jailed in Argentina charged with taking protected rocks (the 37 ton El Chaco meteorite). Haag claims he was set up by an Argentinian mineral dealer, who claimed it only belonged to the land owner which Haag was to pay a substantial sum. Haag left the jail and Argentina after paying bail.
Achievements.
Haag was the first private citizen and meteorite hunter to discover a Lunar meteorite, known as Calcalong Creek. It was discovered among other meteorites coming out of the Australian Millbillillie meteorite (eucrite achondrite) strewn field. It was bought as a Millbillillie by Haag, but he discovered it was a lunar meteorite. He was also one of the first private citizens to obtain Martian meteorites.
He was featured in a story in Omni Magazine in July 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20366900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366900" title="Semaphore Park, South Australia">
Semaphore Park, South Australia

Semaphore Park is a suburb of Adelaide in the City of Charles Sturt.
"Glanville Blocks" Post Office opened on 1 September 1896, was renamed "Semaphore Park" in 1947 and was replaced by the West Lakes Shore office in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20366914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366914" title="Diva (Beyoncé song)">
Diva (Beyoncé song)

"Diva" is a song by American R&B singer Beyoncé. The song was written and produced by Shondrae "Bangladesh" Crawford, Sean Garrett, and Knowles for her third studio album, "I Am... Sasha Fierce" (2008). It was released as the album's third overall single in the United States alongside the third international single "Halo". "Diva" is an R&B song, which is set in a hip hop groove, and carries a stuttering beat. Its lyrics deliver messages of independence and female empowerment. The song boasts a beat and a bassline similar to those of another Bangladesh 2008 production, "A Milli" by American rapper, Lil Wayne; critics coined "Diva" as a "female companion" to the latter.
"Diva" received mixed to positive reviews from critics, who had polarized opinions concerning its affiliation with "A Milli". Despite being released to rhythmic and urban radios only in the US, the song peaked at number 19 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, topped the US Hot Dance Club Play chart, and attained a high point of number three on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. "Diva" was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), denoting shipment of 500,000 copies. Although it was only officially released in the US, the song appeared on the singles charts in Australia, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom.
The accompanying music video for "Diva" was directed by Melina Matsoukas. It shows the singer and backup dancers in a warehouse, and presents a choreography similar to that of her previous single "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" (2008). Knowles also appears in different Thierry Mugler couture pieces. The video received mixed response from critics, who were not pleased by its concept as they believed it portrayed Knowles' alter ego Sasha Fierce ineffectively. It was ranked at number 13 on BET's "Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2009" countdown. Although Knowles did not perform the song in any televised appearances, it was a part of her set list on the I Am... World Tour (2009–10) and her revue show, (2012).
Background and release.
"Diva" was written and produced by Beyoncé, Shondrae "Bangladesh" Crawford, and Sean Garrett. According to an interview that Bangladesh gave with "Rap-Up", the song was originally intended to be included on the track-listing of his own mixtape after choosing a female artist to contribute vocals to "Diva". However, he decided to play the song to American R&B singer Keyshia Cole, who liked the beat, but not the whole track. She eventually declined to record the song, but later said she would sing the song, however, this time Knowles also wanted it for her then upcoming album. Bangladesh ultimately gave "Diva" to Knowles and composed another song for Cole. About one month after the release of "I Am... Sasha Fierce", American R&B singer Ciara, who was working on her third studio album, "Fantasy Ride" (2009), remixed "Diva", which was supposed to be included on her "Fantasy Ride Mixtape".
"Ego" and "Halo" were initially planned for simultaneous release in the US, following the 2008 dual lead singles "If I Were a Boy" and "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)". However, the release of "Ego" was scrapped and replaced with "Diva", which was taken from a different disc of "I Am... Sasha Fierce" to "Halo"; the intention was to demonstrate the concept that Knowles has conflicting personalities. "Diva" added to urban contemporary radio and rhythmic contemporary radios playlists, while "Halo" was sent to contemporary hit radio on January 20, 2009. In Germany, "Diva" was featured as the B-side to "Halo" single. Upon its release, contemporary music critics noted many similarities between Knowles' "Diva" and Lil Wayne's 2008 song "A Milli"; both feature a similar beat produced by Bangladesh. In an interview with MySpace, Knowles agreed that "Diva" is the woman's equivalent to "A Milli". However, she stated that it was not consciously. "Diva" eventually became to be known as the feminine companion to "A Milli".
Composition and lyrical interpretation.
"Diva" is an R&B song, which is composed in a moderate hip hop tempo in the key of E major. It carries a stuttering beat, which is accompanied by a slow-rolling and heavy bass-pumping groove with a jerky rhythm. The song marks a change of direction for Knowles; she raps in candaces over a Roland TR-808 machine, kick drums, and less instruments than her usual tracks. As stated by Andy Kellman of Allmusic, "Diva" aurally resembles Knowles' own 2006 songs "Freakum Dress" and "Ring the Alarm". Spence D. of IGN Music further compared its hip hop composition to Missy Elliott's earlier songs. Adam Mattera of "The Observer" noted "Diva" could be "a perfect independent women anthem"; its lyrics reflect a message of courage and determination. Similarly, "Houston Chronicle"s Joey Guerra called the song an "ode to female fabulousness".
"Diva" features Knowles as the female protagonist speaking about being a diva. Chipmunked vocal samples and overdubs aplenty make up the song's foundation. According to Nick Levine of Digital Spy, Knowles' alter ego Sasha Fierce also salutes her earning power and proclaims herself as the "number one diva in the game". "Diva" begins with metallic kick drum complemented by Knowles' robotic sly vocal stutters as she sings: "I'm a, I'm a, a diva". She then starts the first verse, chanting the dictionary definition of a diva. She references her millions of dollars, and raps, "I done got so sick and filthy with benjis, I can't spend it", channeling her alter ego. After repeating the introductory lines, Knowles employs breathy drawls and robotic shouts to chant the chorus, where the lines, "Now diva is a female version of a hustla. Of a hustla. Of a, of a hustla", are looped. In the second verse, she finds love in the club, where she warns "Better have a six-pack in the cooler ... If you ain’t gettinmoney, then you ain't got nothin[g for me", and asks, "Where yo Boss at?" After singing the third verse and the chorus for the third time, Knowles adopts her initial chipmunked vocals to end the song, chanting, "I'm a, I'm a, a diva".
Critical reception.
The song received mixed to positive reviews, with critics either praising or criticizing it being a female companion to "A Milli." Matos Michaelangelo of "The A.V. Club" said that "Diva" is a flagrant attempt to write a female version of "A Milli". Leah Greenblat of "Entertainment Weekly" wrote that "Diva" can make a good feminine companion to "A Milli" thanks to their use of similar music instruments." Noting its similarity to "A Milli", Andy Kellman of Allmusic picked out "Diva" as one of the three standout tracks from the album. J. Freedom du Lac of "The Washington Post" chose it as one of the best songs on "I Am... Sasha Fierce", calling it a "fun, tuneless, gender-twisting play". Colin McGuire of PopMatters picked "Diva" as the highlight of the album, noting its "Lil Wayne-inspired beat" and describing it as "cheeky". He further wrote it shows the singer's "impeccable street side... with enough attitude to make it work".
Greg Kot of "Chicago Tribune" commented that the "menacing rhythm and chanted vocals" on "Diva", mark the album's biggest departure. Adam Mazmanian of "The Washington Times" felt that the song was influenced by Knowles' husband, American rapper Jay-Z as it has a "bad soft-core gangster rap". He also noted that its contains words that could get an "explicit" sticker by the chain stores. Bill Lamb of About.com wrote that the beat structure of "Diva" allows Knowles to deconstruct her public image. Similarly, Daniel Brockman of "The Phoenix" remarked that the song is "particularly intriguing" as it progresses through "hard-knockish robbery scenarios" which does not resemble Knowles' clean public image. Stacey Anderson of "Spin" magazine noted that "Diva" places a "startling, sexy snarl over window-rattling bass". Christian Hoard of "Rolling Stone" noted Knowles turns out "modal-sounding hooks" over 808 bass on the song. "The Village Voice"s Nana Ekua Brew-Hammond described Sasha Fierce as "suffer no such identity crisis, brassy, big-headed, confrontational, and witty...", reflected on "Diva". James Reed of "The Boston Globe" described "Diva" as a "glitchy, bass-heavy thumper with the most ridiculous chorus of the year". Reed nevertheless added that the song is "insanely catchy, but then, when you hear something looped incessantly, no matter how mindless, it's bound to stick".
Mariel Concepcion of "Billboard" magazine noted that "Diva" is not something new, nevertheless it manages to be a radio-ready dance song. Alex Thornton of AllHipHop noted that Knowles adopts a masculine character on "Diva" and that it is "something decent to bounce to at least". "The Observer"s Adam Mattera described the song as a potential source of inspiration to drag queens, however concluded that it can also leave many persons confused and bewildered. Alexis Petridis of "The Guardian", also reviewed the song negatively, stating, "The sonic trickery on the most experimental track, 'Diva', isn't interesting enough to distract you from the absence of a tune." Spence D. of IGN Music, felt that Knowles' rapping in the song was a "bad idea" and described the song as "awkward, horribly dated." Bill Lamb of About.com ranked "Diva" at number 83 on his list of the Top 100 Pop Songs of 2009, writing that it is one of the quirkiest songs from "I Am...Sasha Fierce" and that its kinetic energy is positively infectious. On "The Village Voice"s 2009 Pazz & Jop singles list, "Diva" was ranked at number 224. In 2013, John Boone and Jennifer Cady of E! Online placed the song at number nine on their list of ten best Knowles' songs.
Chart performance.
Initially, "Diva" charted on the "Billboard"s Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart at number five. For the week ending January 3, 2009, the song debuted on the main US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart at number 96, and peaked at number 19 on the issue dated March 7, 2009, becoming Knowles' sixteenth top twenty single on the chart. "Diva" reached number one on the US Hot Dance Club Play chart on March 28, 2009, giving Knowles her ninth number one on the chart. It peaked at number three on the US Hot R&B/Hip Hop Songs chart from the week ending February 14, 2009 to the week ending March 14, 2009. "Diva" was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on March 12, 2009. As of October, 2012, it had sold 1,037,000 digital downloads in the US.
Even though "Diva" was only officially released in the US, it managed to chart in other countries. In Australia, the song debuted at number 47 on March 15, 2009, becoming the fourth single from the "I Am… Sasha Fierce" to reach the top fifty of the ARIA Singles Chart. and peaked at number 40 on April 12, 2009. In New Zealand, "Diva" entered at number 32 on March 30, 2009 and peaked at number 26 for two non-consecutive weeks on April 6, 2009 and April 27, 2009. On the UK Singles Chart, "Diva" rose from number 173 to number 73 on the UK Singles Chart on May 17, 2009 based on downloads alone. The following week, it peaked at number 72. In the Netherlands, "Diva" debuted at number 94 on the Mega Single Top 100 and peaked at number 73, based on downloads alone.
Music video.
Background and concept.
The accompanying music video for "Diva" was shot downtown Los Angeles on November 22, 2008, and was directed by Melina Matsoukas, who worked with Knowles for several music videos. The music video is conceptually similar to that for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" in the sense that it was filmed in black and white, shows Knowles as alter ego Sasha Fierce, who dons her metal glove and performs choreography with two back-up dancers with more formal leotards. Knowles wears a Gareth Pugh design in the video, a custom Brian Lichtenberg bodysuit, as well as a couple of vintage Thierry Mugler Haute Couture pieces, including a leather bodice and a reptilia inspired gown. Diana Palkington of "Daily Mail" wrote that the gown gave Knowles a distinct appearance of a mermaid; it was noted by another writer of the same publication that the same dress was worn by Jennifer Lopez in the past.
In her 2003 music video for "Crazy in Love" (2003), Knowles' husband (then boyfriend) Jay-Z throws a lighter on the ground, which ignites a trail of petrol to a car. According to a "Daily Mail"s reporter, that particular scene bears resemblance to the climax of "Diva"'s video, where Knowles lights a cigar and throws the still lit lighter at a car, prompting it to explode into flames. The same location under a bridge in downtown Los Angeles was chosen for the shoot. The video for "Diva" premiered on the iTunes Store on December 23, simultaneously with the one for "Halo". It was included on Knowles' remix album with videography, "Above and Beyoncé" (2009). A behind-the-scenes footage of the filming of the music also appeared online and it features the scene where Knowles throws her cigar in the car.
Synopsis.
The video begins with a dictionary definition of the word "diva", before cutting to a parking lot outside of a warehouse. Knowles, wearing a pair of "dangle shades", walks past a car full of mannequin parts into the warehouse. From here, she is accompanied by her two dancers and a variety of high fashion outfits. When she states "Diva's gettin' money..." she waves a fan made of $100 bills. During the bridge to the climax, Knowles dances on a single light and then during the climax, she is seen very glossy in another wardrobe choice dancing in robotic movements to the beat with gold punctuating the black and white scene. In one scene, Knowles is seen dancing robotically in front of a set of gold-tinted mannequins; while in another, she dances against a wall with two large chains hanging from the ceiling. During the last chorus, Knowles is in her last wardrobe change in front of window which is where the paparazzi had taken photos of her. At the end of the song, Knowles walks back out to the parking lot. She lights up a cigar and throws the lighter into the car, letting it explode. As she walks away, the intro to "Video Phone" (a track from "I Am... Sasha Fierce") plays. The explosion retains its original fiery colors in contrast with the black and white.
Reception.
A writer of "Rolling Stone" described the video as "quite a hot mess", further comparing the dancers with the ones from the video for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)". The writer finished the review calling it "a four-minute art-school film unworthy of her Sasha Fierceness". Jennifer Cady of E! Online commented that the video was "all about being gritty and edgy, like strutting around a downtown L.A. warehouse in crazy designer fashion and chewing bubblegum. Hard-core style". Cady further described the dance in the video for "Diva" as "way easier to learn than one in 'Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)'". However, she chose the C-3PO-inspired mannequins, the lack of Knowles' robot hand and the "obnoxious camera work or car explosion" as the worst parts of the video. "Entertainment Weekly"s Michael Slezak commented: "The video has the production values of the clearance bin at Family Dollar, and yet somehow it works." Slezak further described the set as a "trunk full of mannequins, Cylon-y fringed sunglasses, and angry-lady dancing on display in the accompanying video". The video was ranked at number 13 on Black Entertainment Television's (BET's) "Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2009" countdown.
Live performances.
Although Knowles did not perform "Diva" on televised appearances, the song was a part of her set list on the I Am... World Tour (2009-2010). Eventually, it was included on her 2010 live album, "I Am... World Tour" as the twelfth song. The performance of "Diva" during her I Am... World Tour features Knowles performing the song while being backed up by six dancers (four of which are golden mannequins). She sports a leopard print glow-in-the-dark leotard, black trenchcoat, leopard print stockings, high heels and leopard-print sunglasses. She would remove the trenchcoat during the performance. Alice Jones of "The Independent" felt that "she sings her heart out" during the electro hook of "Diva". In May, 2012, Knowles performed "Diva" during her revue in Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States' entertainment resort, hotel, casino and spa, Revel. Maura Johnston of "The Village Voice" noted that the song was one of the "dancefloor-fillers" performed during the revue. Rebecca Thomas writing for MTV News, noted that Knowles transformed in Sasha Fierce for the performance of the song. On October 7, 2012, Knowles appeared at Jay-Z's concert at the Barclays Center and performed "Diva", "Crazy in Love" and "Young Forever".
Cover versions.
In 2008, Ciara recorded a remix of "Diva" for a mixtape of her album "Fantasy Ride" (2009). Alex Newell, Heather Morris, Jenna Ushkowitz, Darren Criss and Melissa Benoist covered the song in the eponymous episode of the fourth season of the American television series "Glee" which aired on February 7, 2013. In a review of the episode, Daniel Sperling of the website Digital Spy, described the performance of the song as one of the "plenty of fierce moments" adding that it was "posy, pouty".
Credits and personnel.
Source:
Certifications.
!colspan="3"| Ringtone

</doc>
<doc id="20366916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366916" title="1932 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1932 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1932 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1932-1933. The Buckeyes compiled a 4–1–3 record making it the second time OSU's had three ties in one season. they outscored opponents 90-41 with a difference of 49 points.

</doc>
<doc id="20366918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366918" title="Toad (band)">
Toad (band)

Toad were a Swiss hard rock band, formed by ex-Brainticket members in Basel, Switzerland during 1970. Their best known songs were covers of Jimi Hendrix's "Purple Haze" and The Beatles' "I Saw Her Standing There", along with originals "Usin' My Life" and "Stay!". Their first two albums were engineered by Martin Birch.
Though the band was not commercially successful outside of their own country, they were a popular live act because of their furiosity, musicianship and stage antics. Most notably when lead guitarist Vic Vergeat played the guitar with his teeth. Their concerts were often compared to those of Jimi Hendrix.
The band went through lineup changes during its history, but the longest lasting and most consistent lineup was Vic Vergeat: lead guitar and 
vocals, Werner Fröhlich: bass and vocals and Cosimo Lampis: drums.
History.
In 1970, European psychedelic rock band Brainticket was about to release their first album, featuring Werner Fröhlich on bass and Cosimo Lampis on drums. They departed the group and formed Toad with Vittorio 'Vic' Vergeat, who was briefly in the British space rock group Hawkwind, on guitar. They began writing and recording material for their first album in late 1970, and in 1971, Toad released their self-titled album and the single "Stay!," which did fairly well and made a great deal of headway in the Swiss charts: a feet that no other hard rock band had ever accomplished in that country. The album was mixed by the legendary British producer Martin Birch (who also produced for Deep Purple, Iron Maiden and Black Sabbath). The album also features Benjamin "Beni" Jaeger on vocals, who would leave once the album was finished.
As their first album was being released in 1971, Toad performed at the Montreux Jazz Festival that was recorded live by the Swedish 
Television, but the footage was lost and to date there seems to be no further copy.
In 1972, the band released "Tomorrow Blue", which was in a more blues direction and without a lead vocalist (with Vergeat and Fröhlich 
taking over vocal duties). Like their first album, it was engineered by the British record producer Martin Birch. The album also included Helmut Lipsky on violin, who played prominently on the tracks "Blind Chapman's Tales", "Change In Time" and the single "Green Ham." Later the same year, the band recorded the album "Open Fire: Live in Basel 1972" which included covers of Hendrix's "Red House" and the Band of Gypsys "Who Knows."
They waited until 1974 to release their third album, "Dreams", which featured the popular single 'Purple Haze'. After that, their history remains largely undocumented except for a live album recorded in Geneva during 1978 and a studio album released in the early 1990s with different versions of the band. The rest of the 1970s and 1980s were spent appearing on a few compilations, releasing live albums and performing while slowly fading into relative obscurity.
Somewhere between 1979 and 1988, original bassist Werner Fröhlich left the group and was replaced by Kelvin Bullen, and after he too departed from the group in the early 1990s was replaced by André Buser who would remain with the band until its demise.
In 1986, Toad made an appearance at the "St. Gallen Open Air Festival" in St. Gallen, Switzerland.
During 1993, Toad released the studio album, "Stop This Crime". Following its release, original drummer Cosimo Lampis departed from the group and was replaced by Claudio Salsi who would remain until Toad broke up. After Lampis departed from the band, he would go on to create a school in Sardinia.
In 1994, Toad played a concert in Brienz, Switzerland which provided the material for the popular live album, "The Real Thing."
In about 1995, Toad broke up and have to date, not reformed.
Following Toad's demise, the album "Hate To Hate" was released, it contained the same tracks as "Stop This Crime" but with a different cover and title.
After Toad, Vegeat went on a solo career, releasing many albums over the years. He then formed and toured with his very own band, "The Vic Vergeat Band", he still records and plays live to this day (mostly in Europe). The other former members went on to other groups or retired from the 
music business altogether.
The band never achieved great success outside of their own country, but were very influential on the Swiss heavy metal movement during the 
1980s, influencing such notable bands as Krokus and Celtic Frost. They have seen renewed interest in the early 2000s among the European hard rock scene. Their albums have been re-released and remastered for new generation of listeners and a CD boxed set, packaged to look like miniature vinyl records was released.

</doc>
<doc id="20366937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366937" title="The D Las Vegas">
The D Las Vegas

The D Las Vegas Casino Hotel is a 34-story, 638-room hotel and casino in Downtown Las Vegas Nevada, owned and operated by Derek and Greg Stevens. The hotel is affiliated with Lexington by Vantage.
The D is located at the eastern end of the Fremont Street Experience. It has a casino, several restaurants, a business center, a pool and spa, and a race and sports book, operated by Lucky's Race & Sports Book. The casino now has more than 1,000 slot machines and 22 table games located on two floors.
As Fitzgeralds, it had a "luck of the Irish" theme, with shamrocks and a leprechaun. In Fall 2012, The D completed a property-wide renovation and rebranding to replace the Irish theme with a more modern feel.
History.
The Sundance Hotel opened in 1980 on land owned by Moe Dalitz. Dalitz, an organized crime figure tied to the Chicago Outfit, faced difficulty from the Gaming Commission, so the casino was nominally run by his associates, Al Sachs and Herb Tobman, who also owned the Stardust and Fremont casinos.
In 1983, Sachs and Tobman faced suspension of their gaming licenses due to charges of skimming. Dalitz applied to manage the Sundance himself, but the Gaming Commission stalled on his application, until July 1984, when he agreed to surrender management to Jackie Gaughan until the casino could be sold. Finally, in 1987, the Sundance was sold to Lincoln Management Group (later Fitzgeralds Gaming) and renamed as Fitzgeralds Las Vegas.
In December 2001, with Fitzgeralds Gaming in bankruptcy, The Majestic Star Casino, LLC, owned by Don Barden, bought the property, along with two other Fitzgeralds casinos in Colorado and Mississippi, for a total of $149 million. At that point, Barden became the first African American casino owner in Las Vegas. Barden separated Fitzgeralds Las Vegas from the Majestic Star umbrella two years later, to free it from restrictions imposed by the company's lenders.
In May 2008, it was reported that Barden was pledging the property to generate a $35-million equity stake in a slots-only casino in Pittsburgh, making a sale likely for Fitzgeralds Las Vegas. It was subsequently reported, however, that Barden had no need to sell Fitzgeralds to maintain a stake in the slots-only casino in Pittsburgh and that it would remain an asset which he could use to generate cash for his struggling gambling portfolio.
In October 2011, several months after Barden's death, his estate sold Fitzgeralds to brothers Derek and Greg Stevens, majority owners of the Golden Gate casino. Derek took a 78% ownership share, with 22% for Greg.
The new owners completed a $22 million renovation and rebranding to become the D Las Vegas in Fall 2012. the D Las Vegas Casino Hotel stands for "downtown", and also refers to Derek Stevens' nickname, and the Stevens' hometown of Detroit. The remodel gave the property a more modern feel, except for the second-floor casino, which has a "vintage Vegas" theme with retro coin-operated games including one of the only operational Sigma Derby games in Las Vegas.
The multi-million dollar renovation upgraded all of the guest rooms and created luxury suites. the D also added a fine Italian Steakhouse, Joe Vicari’s Andiamo Italian Grill, and opened the first American Coney Island outside of Michigan on the building’s Fremont Street frontage. The property also features three distinct bars: LONGBAR, the longest bar in Nevada; D Bar – a permanent outdoor bar on Fremont Street Experience featuring flair bartenders; and Vue Bar inside the second floor casino. The property's Fremont Street façade was enhanced with the addition of an exterior escalator and interactive video exhibition created by former Cirque du Soleil producer Roger Parent, which together feature more than 40 giant flat-screen monitors combined with hundreds of feet of LED signage. Parent is also responsible for the casino's interior escalator which uses LED technology and music depicting vintage imagery to transport guests to the vintage second-floor casino. 
In 2013, the D expanded into hosting martial arts events as the venue will be hosting Lion Fight 11, a Muay Thai Tournament. The main event will feature a match between Tetsuya Yamato, former WBC Muay Thai Japan Champion, and Kevin Ross, an American Muay Thai boxer. In addition, Lion Fight 11 will be featured on AXS TV, a company founded by Mark Cuban.

</doc>
<doc id="20366949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366949" title="IBM 3101">
IBM 3101

IBM 3101 ASCII Display Station, and its follow-on IBM 3151/315X and IBM 3161/316X are display terminals with asynchronous serial communication (start-stop signaling) that were used to attach to a variety of IBM and non-IBM computers, especially the data processing terminals on non-IBM minicomputers, IBM Series/1 and IBM AIX computers, during the 1980s - 1990's.
IBM 3101.
The IBM 3101 ASCII Display Station became available in 1979 and featured the following functions and features: 
Compared to IBM's general practice at that time, it featured:
IBM 3101 was used for attachment to a variety of IBM and non-IBM computers and, as asynchronous communication display, competed against Digital Equipment Corporation (VT100, etc.), Wyse Technology (Wyse 50/60/70, etc.), Applied Digital Data Systems (ADDS Viewpoint, etc.) and others. It was especially used as the data processing terminals on non-IBM minicomputers and IBM Series/1.
IBM 3102 Printer.
IBM 3102 Printer using thermal paper-dot matrix printing technology can be attached to IBM 3101's auxiliary port, for horizontal 80 characters per line, vertical 6 lines per inch, each character in 5x7 dot matrix, at the speed of 40 characters per second.
IBM 3161/3163.
IBM 3161/3163 ASCII Display Stations became available in 1985 and featured the following: 
IBM 3164.
IBM 3164 Color ASCII Display Station became available in 1986:
IBM 3151.
IBM 3151 ASCII Display Station became available in 1987: 
It won for IBM's Japanese subsidiary in 1998 a "Good Design Product Award" from Japan Institute of Design Promotion. 
IBM 3152.
IBM 3152 Color ASCII Display Station became available in 1992 in the IBM Europe/Middle East/Africa countries only:
IBM 3153.
IBM 3153 InfoWindow II Color ASCII Display Station became available in 1993. It was manufactured similarly to the NCR (Boundless Technologies) 2900 series of terminals, capable of being used with a register or kitchen monitor system.
Development, Manufacturing and Users.
The IBM 3101/315x/316x Series of ASCII display stations were developed by IBM Communication Products Division's Fujisawa (later Yamato) development laboratory in Japan and later by the Greenock, Scotland, development department in UK. They were manufactured at IBM's Research Triangle Park, North Carolina, plant in USA for the Americas and Asia/Pacific; and Greenock, Scotland, plant in UK for Europe/Middle East/Africa. 
They were used as data processing input/output terminals on many minicomputers, especially on IBM Series/1 and IBM AIX computers, for commercial, governmental and military applications.
Its Effect.
This ASCII display station series was the base from which low-cost IBM 3104 display of the IBM 8100, the IBM 5291 of the IBM 5250 display terminal series for IBM System/36 attachment, the IBM 4980 display of the IBM Series/1 and IBM 3178 display of the IBM 3270 display terminal series for IBM System/370 attachment were further developed.

</doc>
<doc id="20366997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20366997" title="Anthony Buttimer">
Anthony Buttimer

Anthony Buttimer (known as the "Jersey Referee") is an Irish FIFA-level soccer referee from Cork. A League of Ireland official, he took charge of the 2008 FAI Cup Final in the RDS, Dublin. Buttimer earned his nickname after a number of colourful incidents preceding and during FAI eircom League matches involving various team kits.
Career.
Buttimer regularly referees matches in the League of Ireland where he has been accused of being "the main attraction of the night" by Sligo Rovers manager Paul Cook. In the past he has been dispatched to referee local derbies including the Connacht Derby contested between Sligo Rovers and Galway United in August 2007. He was also deployed in the 2013 FAI Cup Semi Final and Louth Derby between Dundalk and Drogheda, a game which received much attention.
Colour difficulty incidents.
Buttimer is best known for having difficulties determining the colours of team kits and managerial suits. At Oriel Park on 23 September 2007, he almost postponed Dundalk's league game against Shelbourne after taking issue with the colour of the goalkeeper's jerseys. Buttimer was said to be "unsatisfied" with four colours provided by Dundalk - blue, black, yellow and grey all causing some unspecified problem or other. A Shelbourne director left the ground to search for an alternative kit in the local Lifestyle Sports, as managers John Gill and Dermot Keely told the referee they were on the verge of "going for a pint". Buttimer suggested both goalkeepers wear bibs but was hastily halted, before it was agreed that Dundalk goalkeeper Chris Bennion would line out in a t-shirt with a white strip of tape on the back whilst Shelbourne goalkeeper James Hussey would wear a training top for the match. In the ensuing media fuss, fellow referee Damien Hancock was mistaken for Buttimer by the "Irish Independent". Anthony is not a professional referee,in his day job he is a medical doctor.
On 7 March 2008, in the opening game of that season, he declared that the kit worn by Sligo Rovers was too similar to the kit worn by St Patrick's Athletic, insinuating that it clashed with the white sleeve on the St Pat's jersey. After a displeased stand-off, local junior club Lissadell United were requested to provide two sets of jerseys but these were also thought unsuitable by Buttimer. He forced them to wear the dark blue away kit of St Pat's emblazoned with the Paddy Power logo for the match, in which Sligo Rovers took the lead only to lose 3-1 after a delay of 35 minutes. Sligo's kit-suppliers Jako were reported to be considering legal action against the FAI over the incident.
At United Park on 16 May 2008, he chastised the St Pat's manager John McDonnell for his navy blue top which, in the referee's opinion was too similar to the blue of his own team's jerseys. Buttimer demanded that he change it before the game could get underway.
UEFA Cup match.
On 31 August 2008, Buttimer took charge of the 2008-09 UEFA Cup qualifier first round second leg match between KS Vllaznia Shkodër and FC Koper at the Loro-Boriçi Stadium in Shkodër, Albania. The match finished 0 – 0, with the referee issuing three yellow cards.
2008 FAI Cup Final.
On 23 November 2008, Buttimer took charge of the 2008 FAI Cup Final, in which Bohemians triumphed over Derry City, the second featuring the new trophy after the previous 86-year-old trophy's retirement in 2006, the second Final to be played at the RDS during the redevelopment of Lansdowne Road, the first ever to feature a penalty shoot-out and a match in which Buttimer denied one and gave another contentious penalty decision. He denied Sam Morrow an early penalty before awarding a spot-kick after the ball struck Morrow's hand in the second half.
2013 FAI Cup Semi Final.
Buttimer controversially sent off two Dundalk players in the first half of their semi final versus Drogheda in Hunky Dory's park. Dundalk manager Stephen Kenny later declared it as a bad day for refereeing in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20367015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367015" title="Battle of Yu Oc">
Battle of Yu Oc

The Battle of Yu Oc (19 November 1884) was a French victory during the Sino-French War. The battle was fought to relieve the French garrison of Tuyên Quang, under siege by the T'ang Ching-sung's Yunnan Army and Liu Yongfu's Black Flag Army. The French commander at Yu Oc, Colonel Jacques Duchesne, would later distinguish himself as the conqueror of Madagascar (1895).
Background.
The French installed a post at Tuyên Quang in June 1884, in the wake of their capture of Hưng Hóa and Thái Nguyên. Tuyên Quang, an isolated settlement on the Clear River, was the most westerly French outpost in Tonkin, and was more than 100 kilometres away from the French garrisons in Hưng Hóa and Thái Nguyên. During the summer and autumn of 1884 the post was garrisoned by two companies of the 1st Battalion, 1st Foreign Legion Regiment (Captains Chmitelin and Broussier), under the command of "chef de bataillon" Frauger. 
The outbreak of the Sino-French War on 23 August 1884 exposed the post to attack by Tang Ching-sung's Yunnan Army and Liu Yongfu’s Black Flag Army. Supply difficulties delayed the Chinese concentration around Tuyen Quang, but advance elements of the Yunnan Army began to harass the post on 12 October 1884, and Frauger's garrison had to fight off a number of nuisance attacks by the Chinese between 13 and 19 October. Malaria had also taken a heavy toll of Frauger's men, and by the end of October 170 men out of the garrison's total strength of 550 men were unfit for duty.
During October and November 1884 the Farcy gunboats "Revolver" and "Mitrailleuse", based at Tuyen Quang, and the gunboats "Bourrasque", "Éclair", "Mutine" and "Trombe", operating out of Hưng Hóa, mounted a number of dangerous supply runs along the Clear River between Hung Hoa and Tuyen Quang in support of the small French garrison at Tuyen Quang. The first supply run, made by "Revolver" and "Mitrailleuse" on 15 October 1884, was successful, but at the end of October the Black Flags occupied Yu Oc, cutting off Tuyên Quang by land from the nearest French post at Hung Hoa and also commanding the river route to Tuyên Quang. A few days earlier the gunboat "Mutine" had been ordered to reinforce "Revolver" and "Mitrailleuse" at Tuyên Quang, but she ran aground during her voyage up the Clear River and "Éclair" had to be sent to pull her off and tow her back to Hung Hoa. 
During the first half of November the French suffered a constant dribble of casualties as their gunboats sailing up and down the Clear River were engaged by the Black Flags at Yu Oc. In an engagement on 12 November "Trombe" suffered casualties of 1 man dead and 7 wounded. On one occasion "Revolver" had to steam at full speed to break a barrage laid across the Clear River, and on 16 November her crew sustained casualties of 2 men dead and 3 wounded (including the commander, "enseigne de vaisseau" de Balincourt) from enemy fire from Yu Oc.
The commander of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps General Louis Brière de l'Isle, reacted swiftly to the attack on "Revolver" on 16 November. Foreseeing further such attacks, he decided to despatch an expedition immediately to clear the Black Flags away from Yu Oc. At the same time, a food convoy would leave by water by resupply and relieve the garrison of Tuyên Quang. A column of five infantry companies with supporting artillery was formed at Hung Hoa under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Jacques Duchesne. 
Duchesne's column set out for Tuyên Quang on the morning of 18 November. The French troops were ferried aboard a flotilla of junks, escorted by the four gunboats based at Hưng Hóa, to a point 7 kilometres above Yu Oc. The troops went ashore on the afternoon of 18 November on the right bank of the Clear River, and began marching slowly, in single file, towards Yu Oc and Tuyên Quang. By the evening of 18 November the column was within a few hours' march of Yu Oc. No sign of the enemy had yet been seen.
The battle of Yu Oc, 19 November 1884.
At dawn on 19 November the column set out for Yu Oc. Herbin and Chanu's marine infantry companies led the way. The artillery followed and the two Legion companies brought up the rear. The "marsouins" advanced in silence, but they knew that the Chinese were aware of their march. At around 7 a.m. three shots were fired at the head of the column. The Chinese scouts were warning their comrades that the French were coming. The marine infantry continued to advance, waiting for the Chinese to show themselves. Minutes later the advance guard came under fire from three sides from Chinese skirmishers. The Chinese were deployed across the path, in the woods to its west, and on the further bank of the Clear River.
Duchesne ordered the two marine infantry companies to make a frontal attack on the Chinese blocking position, while de Borelli's Legion company simultaneously attacked the enemy's right flank. The three companies deployed, and after taking the Chinese position under a crossfire, de Borelli's legionnaires charged and overran the Chinese front line. Lieutenant Goeury and two men of his platoon were wounded in this assault. The Chinese fled, unmasking 300 metres to the rear a fortified position of considerable strength, in the middle of which a large tree could be seen.
The marine infantry tried to push on towards the main Chinese position, but all their efforts to advance further were checked by a heavy weight of fire. For more than two hours they remained pinned down in front of the Black Flag lines, under fire from both their front and from skirmishers on the eastern bank of the river. As the "marsouins" exchanged shots with their tormentors, losses began to mount in their ranks. One officer, Lieutenant Schuster, was killed. Derappe's guns did their best to support them, splitting their fire between the Chinese fort and the enemy skirmishers across the river. Eventually both the infantry and the gunners began to run short of ammunition, and there was no sign of the gunboats of the flotilla. 
However, help was on its way. While Chanu and Herbin's companies were engaging the enemy frontally, de Borelli's Legion company had once again marched round the Chinese flank. At 10 a.m., just as the "marsouins" were down to their last few rounds, the legionnaires emerged from the forest to the west of the Chinese position, threatening the Chinese line of retreat. The Chinese immediately abandoned their positions and fell back towards Yu Oc, leaving behind several flags and ammunition boxes.
Duchesne pressed on, with de Borelli's legionnaires leading the way. Ten minutes later the column reached a deep and nearly vertical ravine, with a Chinese fort on the other side. The Chinese in the fort opened fire at the French vanguard, and de Borelli ordered his weary men to fix bayonets and charge. The legionnaires scrambled down the ravine and up the other side, without returning fire. The Chinese abandoned their defences before the French could close with them, and disappeared into the forests of Yu Oc. De Borelli and Chanu pushed forward to the Yu Oc pagoda and deployed their companies to form a defensive screen, while Herbin and Moulinay's men set fire to the Chinese barracks and destroyed part of their works. 
It was still only 10.30 a.m., and the column had already been in action twice. Duchesne now halted his men to allow them to regroup, eat an early lunch and replenish their ammunition. The French buried their dead and the gunboat "Éclair", which had finally linked up with the column, took the wounded on board and ferried them up to Tuyen Quang. An hour later the march resumed. At 3.30 p.m. the column entered the Yu Oc defile, whose exit towards Tuyen Quang was blocked by two fortlets and by a series of trenches. Abattis nearly 300 metres deep covered the path. A force coming from Tuyen Quang could not have crossed this pass. Around 7 p.m. the advance guard approached the citadel. Guessing that the sentries in the besieged fortress would be nervous, the buglers played the first few bars of "Le Boudin", the famous Legion refrain, to which the troops in Tuyên Quang replied. A scouting party coming from the fortress carried lanterns, to facilitate the crossing of the last stream.
French casualties in the engagement at Yu Oc were 10 dead and 37 wounded, mostly among the marine infantry. Chinese and Black Flag casualties are unknown, but were certainly higher than the French casualties.
Aftermath.
On 20 November, under the protection of "Éclair", the convoy reached Tuyên Quang. The other gunboats remained at Yu Oc. On the same day Duchesne, who for the moment had an entire Legion battalion under his command, sent out strong reconnaissances to clear the Black Flags from the immediate environs of Tuyên Quang. He himself advanced on Truong Mu and pushed the Black Flags back towards Phu An Binh, while Captain Chmitelin, under the protection of "Éclair"'s cannon, went to destroy the Chinese positions near Tuyên Quang on the left bank of the Clear River. On 21 and 22 November Duchesne advanced northwest and burned the village of Dong Dien, which had been used as a camp by the Black Flags. The Black Flags evacuated the village on his approach, and made no attempt to dispute the French advance. On the evening of 22 November Duchesne returned to Tuyên Quang.
Duchesne's column left Tuyên Quang on 23 November to return to Son Tay. During the return march Duchesne established a French post at Phu Doan on the Clear River, 80 kilometres to the south of Tuyên Quang, leaving a company of marine infantry there as a garrison. 
Duchesne took with him the two Legion companies of the original garrison of Tuyên Quang, leaving "chef de bataillon" Marc-Edmond Dominé behind as the new post commander with de Borelli and Moulinay's Legion companies, Dia's Tonkinese, Derappe's artillery section, Bobillot's engineers and a small medical and administrative staff. The gunboat "Revolver" had left earlier, but "Mitrailleuse" remained at her station on the Clear River beyond the post's walls. The garrison of Tuyên Quang now consisted of just over 630 men, with food and provisions for 120 days, but had only 200 shells. 
The Farcy gunboat "Revolver" was also withdrawn from Tuyên Quang, but "Mitrailleuse" remained on station, and later distinguished herself in the Siege of Tuyên Quang.
On 24 November, the day after Duchesne's departure, Dominé declared Tuyên Quang to be in a state of siege. The battle of Yu Oc was merely the precursor to the four-month Siege of Tuyên Quang (24 November 1884–3 March 1885).
Order of the day.
On 24 November 1884 General Brière de l'Isle issued the following order of the day to commemorate the victory at Yu Oc:
Le général commandant le corps expéditionnaire est heureux de porter à la connaissance des troupes les brillants succès remportés par M. le colonel Duchesne sur les Pavillons-Noirs et les Réguliers du Yun-Nan concentrés et fortement retranchés sur la rive droite de la rivière Claire, dans la région sud de Tuyen-Quan.
Le 19 novembre, à Yu-oc, après quatre heures d’une lutte opiniâtre, l’ennemi était mis en pleine déroute et fuyait dans la direction de l’ouest.
Le 20, la colonne, sortant de Tuyen-Quan, détruisait tous les retranchements élevés par les Chinois dans les villages environnants et brûlait leurs approvisionnements.
L’ennemi est poursuivi la baïonnette dans les reins.
La cannonnière l’"Éclair" a pris une part active aux deux opérations.
Nos pertes sont de huit tués, dont M. le sous-lieutenant Schuster, de l’infanterie de marine, et vingt-cinq blessés, dont M. Gœury, lieutenant à la légion étrangère.
(The general officer commanding the expeditionary corps is delighted to inform units of the splendid successes gained by Colonel Duchesne over the Black Flags and the Yunnan regulars concentrated and strongly entrenched on the right bank of the Clear River, in the region to the south of Tuyên Quang.
On 19 November, at Yu Oc, after a stubborn action lasting four hours, the enemy was routed and fled towards the west. On 20 November the column left Tuyên Quang, destroyed all the earthworks thrown up by the Chinese in the neighbouring villages, and burned their equipment. The enemy was pursued with the bayonet in his guts.
The gunboat "Éclair" played an active part in these two operations. Our losses were 8 men killed, including 2nd Lieutenant Schuster of the marine infantry, and 25 men wounded, including Lieutenant Goeury of the Foreign Legion.)
Most French orders of the day during the Sino-French War recorded French casualties with scrupulous accuracy. This particular order slightly understates the French casualties at Yu Oc.

</doc>
<doc id="20367057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367057" title="Battle of Núi Bop">
Battle of Núi Bop

The Battle of Nui Bop (3–4 January 1885) was a French victory during the Sino-French War. The battle was fought to clear Chinese forces away from the French forward base at Chu, and was an essential preliminary to the Lang Son Campaign in February 1885.
Background.
In late September 1884 large detachments of the Guangxi Army advanced from Lang Son and probed into the Luc Nam valley, announcing their presence by ambushing the French gunboats "Hache" and "Massue" on 2 October. General Louis Brière de l'Isle, the French commander-in-chief, responded immediately, transporting nearly 3,000 French soldiers to the Luc Nam valley aboard a flotilla of gunboats and attacking the Chinese detachments before they could concentrate. In the Kep Campaign (2 to 15 October 1884), three French columns under the overall command of General François de Négrier fell upon the separated detachments of the Guangxi Army and successively defeated them in engagements at Lam (6 October), Kép (8 October) and Chu (10 October).
In the wake of these French victories the Chinese fell back to Bac Le and Dong Song, and de Négrier established important forward positions at Kep and Chu, which threatened the Guangxi Army's base at Lang Son. Chu was only a few miles southwest of the Guangxi Army's advanced posts at Dong Song, and on 16 December 1884 a strong Chinese raiding detachment ambushed two companies of the Foreign Legion just to the east of Chu, at Ha Ho. The legionnaires fought their way out of the Chinese encirclement, but suffered a number of casualties and had to abandon their dead on the battlefield. De Négrier immediately brought up reinforcements and pursued the Chinese, but the raiders made good their retreat to Dong Song.
Although the Guangxi Army had been forced to retreat in the October battles, its commanders had not given up all hope of breaking into the Delta. Driven partly by sheer hunger and partly by the knowledge that the French would sooner or later move against Lang Son, the Chinese renewed their efforts to gain a foothold in the Luc Nam valley in December. The action at Ha Ho was the first indication that a major move was afoot. A week after this engagement a force of 12,000 Chinese troops from the Guangxi Army occupied the distinctive conical hill of Nui Bop, eighteen kilometres to the east of Chu, and began to lay out a large fortified camp. The Chinese force was under the command of Wang Debang, one of the Guangxi Army's more competent generals, who had defeated a French column in June 1884 in the Bac Le ambush.
The famished Chinese soldiers plundered all the villages in the area for food, earning the hatred and resentment of the Tonkinese farmers whose livelihood they were destroying. On 23 December the villagers of Lien Son came to the French headquarters at Chu and alerted Lieutenant-Colonel Donnier to the presence of a large Chinese force around Nui Bop.
The French could not allow a force of 12,000 Chinese to remain at Nui Bop, uncomfortably close to their main base at Chu and threatening the flank of the expeditionary corps when it eventually set off for Lang Son. Brière de l'Isle reinforced the Chu garrison in late December, and in early January 1885 de Négrier was ordered to take the offensive against the Chinese.
De Négrier's column was drawn from both the 1st and 2nd Brigades of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps. It included a marine infantry battalion under the command of "chef de bataillon" Mahias, de Mibielle’s Turco battalion and two companies of Tonkinese riflemen. The column also included the 111th and 143rd Line battalions and Jourdy and de Saxcé’s batteries.
Battle.
3 January.
Instead of marching directly east from Chu to attack the Chinese frontally, de Négrier decided to cross to the southern bank of the Luc Nam river and make a wide flank march to come in on the Chinese left. To divert the enemy’s attention while his main column marched around the Chinese, "chef de bataillon" Diguet's Legion battalion in Chu would demonstrate against their front.
The column set off from Chu at 6 am on 3 January. Commandant Mahias led the advance guard, consisting of his own marine infantry battalion, Jourdy’s battery and the Tonkinese Rifles, while Lieutenant-Colonel Paul-Gustave Herbinger led the main body (the other three infantry battalions and de Saxcé’s battery). A small rearguard protected the baggage train. After a short march the column reached the ford of Kao Ka and crossed to the southern bank of the Luc Nam. The crossing was completed by 8 am, and the column then marched eastwards to the ford of Dao Be. The French had been told that the ford could be crossed easily, but they discovered that the northern bank of the Luc Nam river was more than nine feet high at Dao Be and almost sheer. The crossing took three hours. It was not until 4 pm that the main body of the column was able to resume its march.
While the crossing was still in progress, de Négrier sent Mahias ahead with the advance guard. Mahias pushed on along the path to Phong Cot, and at 4.15 pm reported back that the enemy was in sight.
Less than a mile away a long line of Chinese infantry was drawn up across the floor and up the sides of the Phong Cot valley. In front of this force groups of skirmishers had advanced to within 800 metres of the Luc Nam to occupy a wood. The French column had been spotted fording the river, and the delay in completing the crossing had given the Chinese just enough time to prepare to meet its attack. De Négrier had failed to achieve the surprise he had hoped for.
The French column advanced to contact in three lines. The first line consisted of Mahias’ battalion, the Tonkinese Rifles and Jourdy’s battery. The second line contained the 111th and 143rd Line Battalions and de Saxcé’s battery. De Mibielle’s 3rd Algerian Rifle Battalion formed a third line.
The French artillery took position on a hill to the right of the path and opened fire on the Chinese skirmishers, while de Négrier gave his orders for the attack. The marine infantry were ordered to attack the wood frontally, while the 143rd Battalion was to climb the hills to the right to flank the enemy’s position and push back the Chinese left wing into the Phong Cot valley. The 111th Battalion and de Mibielle’s Algerians would remain in reserve near the artillery.
Mahias had little trouble in driving the Chinese skirmishers out of the wood. He deployed three of the four companies of his battalion to attack the wood both frontally and from the flank, while holding the fourth company in reserve. Meanwhile the Tonkinese riflemen took up position on his right to link the marine infantry with the 143rd Battalion. The enemy skirmishers quickly fell back, and reformed on a small hill behind the wood.
Captain Salles, whose company had just helped to clear the wood, pushed on and drove the enemy off the hill. This action took Salles well beyond the other three companies of his battalion and into a hail of Chinese rifle fire from the heights on both sides of the Phong Cot valley, which were held by strong Chinese flanking forces. To disengage Salles’s company it was necessary for the artillery to switch targets while the rest of Mahias’ battalion and the 143rd Battalion attacked on both sides of it to drive back the enemy wings. Salles withdrew his men to the wood, and the marine infantry battalion reformed and consolidated the ground it had won.
Farret's 143rd Line Battalion now delivered its own attack on the enemy right, with two companies in the front line and two in reserve. The advance was difficult, as the Chinese held their positions stubbornly, but eventually the battalion established a lodgement on the high ground close to the enemy positions. However, its movement towards the right had created a hole in the centre of the French line, and a Chinese unit advanced into this gap to counterattack. Lieutenant Desloge, with one of the two reserve companies of the 143rd Battalion, drove off this counterattack and then pushed on to the heights to support the main attack.
The Chinese soldiers facing de Négrier’s men in this part of the field wore a distinctive covering of tawny material with black stripes on their heads and shoulders. They were, the French were later told, from the Imperial Tiger Regiment, a Yellow Banner unit entirely composed of Tartars. As Desloge and his handful of men bore down on them, the Tigers delivered a panicky close-range volley. They fired high, and missed their targets altogether. Before the French could reach them with their bayonets they broke and ran, leaving their dead behind them. They also abandoned their regimental standard, a magnificent flag in yellow silk embroidered with gold.
The leading French units pressed on and cleared the Chinese from the hills around Phong Cot, while the rest of de Négrier’s column continued its crossing of the Luc Nam. The Chinese made a half-hearted attempt to counterattack the 143rd Battalion, but their troops were driven off. By nightfall the entire French column was across the river and in position to the south of Phong Cot.
De Négrier believed that the Chinese were demoralised, and was anxious to seize Phong Cot itself before they could rally. Accordingly, just before midnight, he ordered Herbinger to move forward and occupy the village. The French capture of the nearby hills had made it untenable, and the Chinese had evacuated it under cover of darkness. Herbinger met no resistance, and ordered Faure’s 111th Battalion to garrison the village. Faure placed three of the battalion’s four companies inside Phong Cot and Verdier’s company in a forward position beyond it.
4 January.
Just before dawn on 4 January the Chinese made a furious counterattack in an attempt to recapture Phong Cot. The attack was supported by the Chinese artillery in the Western Fort. Within minutes the attackers had surrounded Verdier’s company in its isolated forward position. While his company tried to defend itself with close-range rifle fire Verdier ordered one of his men to try to make his way through the Chinese lines back to Phong Cot and ask for help. A young private soldier named Meffret crept cautiously through the Chinese lines in the fading gloom of night and reached Phong Cot, where he delivered Verdier's message to Lieutenant-Colonel Herbinger.
Herbinger, perhaps believing that Meffret was exaggerating the danger, responded by sending forward from Phong Cot a single section of the 111th Battalion—a mere ten men. Fortunately for Verdier, there were other officers on the field who could better appreciate the gravity of the situation. Captain Tailland, whose marine infantry company was posted on a hill to the west of Phong Cot, could see that Verdier’s company would be annihilated unless it was brought immediate relief. Without waiting for orders, he led his own men to the rescue. By now Verdier’s men were being pressed so closely by the Chinese that their captain ordered them to charge to throw them back. Although Verdier was wounded as he led his men forward, his bold lunge took the Chinese completely by surprise. As the Chinese fell back and regrouped, Tailland's "marsouins" came up on Verdier's left flank and moved into line alongside Verdier’s men. The two French companies caught their breath, reformed, counterattacked and drove the Chinese off. Verdier and Tailland were both later mentioned in despatches for their courage and initiative.
The Chinese did not attempt to take the offensive again. De Négrier went forward to the heights occupied by the marine infantry and scouted the Chinese positions. The main Chinese defence line consisted of a trench between Phong Cot and the Siou Nien River, which protected the road that ran from Lien Son to Cao Say. This trench was flanked on both sides by two forts on elevated ground (Western Fort and Eastern Fort). Behind the Siou Nien river, on the lower slopes of the Nui Bop massif, were several Chinese forts.
During the morning of 4 January de Négrier directed several French attacks which pushed the enemy back from all his positions. The first French objective was a fort on a hill behind the village of Tay Toun, not far from the marine infantry positions. Mahias's battalion attacked and took this fort with little difficulty. To its right the 111th Battalion, profiting from the confusion in the Chinese ranks caused by Verdier’s counterattack, advanced on the main Chinese positions. The battalion charged the Chinese trench with the bayonet, driving its defenders out with equal ease. Lieutenant de Colomb’s platoon, thoroughly over-excited, pushed on towards a Chinese redoubt defended by several hundred men. Had it attempted to charge this position it would doubtless have been repulsed with heavy losses. However, the river was too deep to cross at this point, and the platoon was forced to halt its advance.
Meanwhile the 143rd Battalion and the Algerian Rifles were ordered to make a turning movement around the enemy left. The French artillery punished the enemy positions which it took in the flank, since these positions faced southwards towards Chu. At 11.15 am the entire entrenched camp was in French hands. The French took possession of two abandoned Krupp artillery batteries and large quantities of rifles, clothes, tents and food. Several Chinese battle flags were also taken, and a number of mules and horses.
Aftermath.
French casualties at Nui Bop were relatively light: 19 dead and 65 wounded. The French wounded included three officers, Captain Verdier and Lieutenant Simoni of the 111th Line Battalion and 2nd Lieutenant Larribe of the Tonkinese Rifles.
The Chinese abandoned 600 corpses in their retreat, and their total casualties must have been far higher. The French scoured the battlefield during the afternoon of 4 January, and killed all the wounded Chinese soldiers they could find with pistol shots to the head. Several dozen Chinese soldiers may have been despatched in this way.
A number of unwounded Chinese soldiers were taken prisoner by the French at Nui Bop and subsequently interrogated for their knowledge of the Guangxi Army's order of battle. These men were released at the end of the war with small gratuities.
Order of the day.
On 5 January 1885 General Brière de l'Isle issued the following order of the day to commemorate the victory at Nui Bop:
Deux brillants succès pour le corps expéditionnaire ouvrent l’année 1885.
Le 3 janvier, après une marche habilement dérobée aux yeux de l’ennemi, le général de Négrier tombait, à quatre heures du soir, sur un cantonnement de 6,000 réguliers et, malgré leur vive résistance, les mettait, en moins de deux heures, en pleine déroute sans que l’obscurité de nuit lui permit de poursuivre ce premier succès. Nos troupes couchaient sur les positions enlevées.
Le lendemain, avant le jour, les Chinois, au nombre de 12,000, recommençaient la lutte par un vigoureux retour offensif.
Repoussés, poursuivis et enfin rejetés sur Nui-Bop, ils étaient en pleine déroute avant midi.
Le centre de résistance de Nui-Bop, défendu par huit forts solidement organisés, est entre nos mains, avec deux batteries Krupp, ainsi que tout le matériel de l’ennemi: tentes, vivres, munitions, armes et étendards. Les cadavres de 600 réguliers chinois tués ont été abandonnés par les fuyards.
De notre côté, MM. Verdier, capitaine au 111e, Simoni, lieutenant au même corps, Larribe, sous-lieutenant d’infanterie de marine, sont blessés sans gravité.
Parmi nos braves soldats, 19 tués et 63 blessés.
(1885 has opened with two splendid successes for the expeditionary corps.
On 3 January, after a march skillfully concealed from the enemy’s eyes, General de Négrier fell upon a cantonment of 6,000 regulars at 4 pm and would have completely routed them, despite their lively resistance, in less than two hours had not nightfall prevented him from pursuing his initial success. Our troops slept on the positions they had captured.
Before dawn on the following day 12,000 Chinese made a vigorous counterattack.
Repelled, pursued and finally thrown back on Nui Bop, they were in full flight before midday.
Nui Bop, the centre of their resistance, defended by eight solidly organized forts, is in our hands, with two Krupp batteries and all the enemy’s material: tents, food, ammunition, weapons and standards. The bodies of 600 dead Chinese regulars were abandoned by their fleeing comrades.
On our part Captain Verdier and Lieutenant Simoni of the 111th and 2nd Lieutenant Larribe of the marine infantry were lightly wounded.
Losses among our brave soldiers were 19 dead and 63 wounded.)
Significance.
De Nègrier's victory at Nui Bop, won at odds of just under one to ten, was regarded by his fellow-officers as the most spectacular professional triumph of his career. By clearing the Guangxi Army away from Nui Bop, de Nègrier removed a threat to the French right flank and gave the French base at Chu the air it needed for the major campaign against Lang Son. With the Western Fort at Nui Bop in French hands, the expeditionary corps was able to use the Nui Bop plain to establish the large magazines of food and ammunition that would be needed for the Lang Son expedition.
French strategy in Tonkin had been the subject of a bitter debate in the Chamber of Deputies in late December 1884. The army minister General Jean-Baptiste-Marie Campenon argued that the French should consolidate their hold on the Delta. His opponents urged an all-out offensive to throw the Chinese out of northern Tonkin. The debate culminated in Campenon's resignation and his replacement as army minister by the hawkish General Jules Lewal. On 5 January 1885, the day after de Nègrier's victory at Nui Bop, Lewal ordered Brière de l’Isle to 'capture Lang Son as soon as possible'. A month later, after concentrating his forces in the plain of Chu, Briere de l'Isle launched the Lang Son Campaign, a successful ten-day campaign to capture Lang Son.

</doc>
<doc id="20367061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367061" title="Robbit Mon Dieu">
Robbit Mon Dieu

, sometimes referred to as Jumping Flash! 3, is a 3D platform game for the Sony PlayStation. It was developed by Sugar and Rockets and published by Sony Computer Entertainment and released exclusively in Japan in 1999. It is the third game in the "Jumping Flash!" series. The game was released on the Japanese PlayStation Network on July 26, 2007.
Story.
The inhabitants of planet Hananuma find themselves encountering numerous problems that they are unable to solve alone, and their call for help is answered by the Universal City Hall, who send Robbit to Hananuma to rectify things and put the inhabitants at peace once again.
Gameplay.
The gameplay controls are virtually identical to the two previous games, with the reduction of special weapons slots from three to one, and the addition of a slamming move after pressing the triangle button while in the air. But instead of roaming around worlds collecting Jet Pods or MuuMuus, the objective of each level varies from having to simply turn on four water wells to destroy thirteen ghosts in a graveyard to transporting somebody home.
Reception.
"Robbit Mon Dieu" was generally well received by fans, but less than its predecessors. It was given a 31 out of 40 by gaming publication "Famitsu". The game was given a 5.4 out of 10 by the website GameSpot, citing it as a disappointing sequel to the series.

</doc>
<doc id="20367077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367077" title="Marshall Vian Summers">
Marshall Vian Summers

Marshall Vian Summers, born on January 28, 1949, is an author and the founder of The Society for the New Message from God. His books include "Steps to Knowledge: The Book of Inner Knowing" (Winner of ForeWord Magazine's Spirituality Book of the Year), and "Wisdom from the Greater Community: Volume II–How to Find Purpose, Meaning and Direction in an Emerging World" (Winner of the 1997 IBPA Benjamin Franklin Silver Medal Award for Spirituality). He is perhaps best known for his 2001 book, "The Allies of Humanity".
Summers is considered by followers to be a prophet and asserts he has been sent into the world to receive a New Message from God,which he claims has taken the form of thousands of hours of direct contact with "Unseen Ones" who represent that humanity is at the threshold of emerging into a Greater Community of intelligent life, and that a greater spiritual understanding must be cultivated if humanity is to remain free in this greater arena of life:
I am not a guru, saint or avatar. I am a messenger with a vital message for the people of the world. I have come to speak about the reality of life in the Greater Community and the greater spiritual understanding we must cultivate if we are to advance and remain free in the presence of greater forces within our midst. This is why I am here and this is what I have to teach.
The New Message from God.
The New Message from God, a new religious movement from the United States, originates from the teachings and pronouncements of Summers, who calls himself "The Messenger." Summers and his adherents represent that he is a prophet on the order of the Buddha, Jesus, and Muhammad, in receipt of a revelation over a period of 30 years which he has recorded on tape and which, transcribed, totals ten thousand pages. Key components of this 'revelation', attributed to 'divine sources', include warnings of an incursion upon Earth called the Intervention and pronouncements about the future involving global upheaval and interaction between the human race and extraterrestrials which, Summers claims, are representatives of "the Greater Community".
To promote this 'revelation', Summers, in 1992, founded The Society for The Greater Community Way of Knowledge, trading as The Society for the New Message from God, a 501(c)(3) religious non-profit organization which is both publisher of Summers' books and recordings and a religious order. The New Message Sanctuary in Boulder, Colorado, USA, a gathering place for The Society, broadcasts services via the Internet and since 2012, has presented its materials online as part of a free school claiming 700 participants from 72 nations.
Writings.
Of Summers' books, nine are commercially available and two others are available directly from his organization. His writings have been published in French and Greek, and also translated into Portuguese, Spanish, Swedish, Dutch, Turkish, Chinese, German and Finnish.
With the exception of "The Allies of Humanity" books, Summers claims that his writings come through him from a divine source; they are first spoken and recorded, then transcribed and published.
Pre-publication.
The following books are available exclusively from the publisher, New Knowledge Library:
Online writings and recordings.
The Society for the New Message from God has made the following books available online at no cost.
In English:
Many of the New Message from God teachings are online, both in written form and as the original audio recordings, and are available as both streaming and downloadable media free of charge. In these recordings, the alleged Angelic Presence can be heard speaking through Marshall Vian Summers.
The Society's frequent webcasts are also available online in streaming video format.

</doc>
<doc id="20367084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367084" title="1940s Topps">
1940s Topps

The 1940s was both the beginning and end of an era for trading cards. There was virtually nothing produced in the great divide caused by World War II. Up to 1941 manufacturers like Gum Inc. (later Bowman) and Goudey, had raised the bar on the confection industry by leaving behind the tobacco age of marketing to adults and bringing forth the bubble gum age and marketing to children. Topps had been primarily a gum company but took up adding premiums to their products after the war. Their first sets featured various sizes and numerous topics, mostly non-sport. The most notable is the Bazooka Gum comics although the earlier issues did not yet feature Joe and his gang. Below are descriptions of Topps products that were issued in the 1940s.
Multi-sport.
1948 Topps Magic Photos (R714-27)
This set contains 252 small individual cards featuring sport and non-sport subjects. They were issued in 19 lettered series with cards numbered within each series. The 'magic' of the cards were the fact that they came out of the pack blank until the image was revealed by moistening the surface and applying the developing agent which was supplied by the wrapper in a one cent pack or a piece of orange mystery paper supplied in the five cent packs. The subsets by group letter are: A Boxing Champions, B All-American Basketball, C All-American Football, D Wrestling Champions, E Track & Field Champions, F Stars of Stage & Screen, G American Dogs, H General Sports, I "None issued", J Movie Stars, K Baseball Hall of Fame, L Aviation Pioneers, M Famous Landmarks, N American Inventors, O American Military Leaders, P American Explorers, Q Basketball Thrills, R Football Thrills, S Figures of the Wild West, T General Sports. Size: × in (2.2 × 3.7 cm) 
1949 Spalding Sports Show 
These are a set of rust colored cartoons that deal with numerous sports. The illustrator of the cartoons is Willard Mullin. They were found on the inside of the foil wrapper of Bazooka gum. Size: 2 ×  inches
Non-sport.
1947-49 Bazooka Comics As a way to boost sales Topps began putting small comic strips as inner wrappers for their gum. These comics were reprints of strips from DC and Fawcett. Titles such as 'Doc Sorebones' and 'Peg' were found in varying sizes in Bazooka Gum from 1947 to 1948. In 1949 Topps began using a character called 'Bazooka, The Atom Bubble Boy' that represented something of a personage of the product. These comics that featured the Bubble Boy were done in a dull rust color making them hard to read. Despite their quality they would represent the precursor to the famous Bazooka Joe comics.
1948 Tatoo Bubble Gum (150) These items are transfers that feature various generic sport and non-sport drawings. Size: ×  inches.
1948 It Happened to a President (20) These comics are printed on thin tissue which was the interior wrapper of 'Golden Coin Bubble Gum'. The stories are done in rust color and tell of a true event in the life of a president. Size: ×  in.
1949 President Coins (34) The coins in this set are made of gold colored plastic. Each coin is numbered in sequence of each subject's presidency. Like most coins these items feature a bust of the president on the front with an eagle atop a shield on the back. The term of each president is depicted in relief around the portrait of each coin. Size:  in. diameter
1949 Famous Events (~60) This set was a series of comics that doubled as a gum wrapper. Alternately titled 'On This Day in History' the rust colored comics feature artwork of a special event on a particular day in history. Above the picture is a panel describing the event while a panel below the artwork offers astrological data for people born on the respective day. Size: 2 ×  inches
1949 Flags of all Nations & Soldiers of the World (~32) These cards are double features in that they have two fronts. The Soldiers appeared on the glossy cardboard side while the Flags were printed on shiny patterned cloth on the other side. Size: ×  inches
1949 Flags of the World Parade (100) These Flags are a larger size as well as an expanded version of the above Flags & Soldiers set. This issue has five subsets divided by continent. There are flags of countries as well as service branches, naval standards, and confederated republics. The cards have both a set number and a subset number. The backs have a brief explanation of the flag. To the left of the text and below the set number is a line drawing of the soldier. Size: ×  inches
1949 Flip-O-Vision (50) This is a set of flip books that make a mini movie. Out of the packs the books were 30 pages folded like an accordion. The pages had to be separated and then bound together with string or thread to be used as a flip movie. The subjects featured are various celebrities performing their craft. Size: × 4 inches
1949 License Plates (75) This set offered another double feature type card for the consumer. One side of the cards are license plates for every state as well as District of Columbia and Quebec while the other side posed a question about a car or landmark. The question side of the cards had a gray coating over 70 percent of it while the remainder had the question. The answer to the question was underneath the coating. Size: ×  inches
1949 Play Coins of the World (120) These play coins are plastic coated with either brass, copper, or nickel depending on their denomination. There are three different denominations for each country which are 25, 50 and 100. The coins were distributed with either gum or lollipops. Size:  inch diameter
1949 The Story of the Atom Bomb (18) The A-Bomb set was printed on the inside of the gum trays instead of the actual gum wrappers. The stories are printed on one half of the panel while the other half had a mail-in premium offer. Size: ×  inches
1949 X-Ray Round Up (200) This issue was a series of well colored and nicely detailed small size cards. The set had four subsets of fifty cards each. The subsets are Figures of the Wild West, Indian Chiefs, Pirates of the Spanish Main, and Savage Tribesmen. The X-Ray concept deals with the images on the back of the cards which were drawn with wavy orange lines. Also visible on the picture are very fine blue-green lines. A red X-Ray slip that was included could be used over the picture where the blue-green lines would reveal a hidden picture with a caption. Size: ×  inches

</doc>
<doc id="20367108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367108" title="Sakis Rouvas (1991 album)">
Sakis Rouvas (1991 album)

Sakis Rouvas (Greek: "Σάκης Ρουβάς") is the self-titled debut album by Greek pop-rock musician Sakis Rouvas, released in October 1991 by PolyGram Records in Greece and Cyprus. The entire album was produced by composer Nikos Terzis who was on the rise in the early 1990s, while the songs have all been penned by Giorgos Pavrianos, who was an already established writer. The album officially declared Rouvas as Greece's first male pop singer to closely mirror other Western pop music acts, however, he is often widely perceived as the first Greek pop artist.
The album reached number one on the Greek Albums Chart. "Par'ta" ("Take them") became a number one radio hit, off of the album.
Singles.
"Par'ta"
"1992"

</doc>
<doc id="20367124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367124" title="Antima Theerpu">
Antima Theerpu

Antima Theerpu (The Final Verdict) is a 1988 Telugu film directed by Joshi.

</doc>
<doc id="20367152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367152" title="Edward Thornton Taylor">
Edward Thornton Taylor

Colonel Edward Thornton Taylor was a Canadian soldier. He was the first Canadian born Commandant of the RMC. He was the first Commandant who was a graduate of the Royal Military College. He introduced hockey to Kingston, Ontario as an RMC student in 1877.
Education.
Colonel Edward Thornton Taylor was born in 1850. He graduated from McGill University in 1878 and went on to RMC, where he introduced hockey to Kingston (student # 45). As a cadet at RMC, Taylor won the sword of honour in 1882 and the sword is in the collection of the RMC museum. He served as battalion sergeant-major at RMC.
Military career.
He was the first RMC cadet to attend the staff college course at Camberly (1895). He joined the 2nd Battalion of the Cheshire regiment. He served with his regiment and on the staff in India and Burma, often in instructional positions. He was fond of climbing and shooting tigers. He was an energetic man of great physical endurance who possessed an almost boyish enthusiasm. Lieutenant Colonel Taylor served as the sixth Commandant at RMC, (1905-9). At the time, about 80 cadets were in training. Cadets had to pass a competitive examination on entering, with half-yearly examinations afterwards to obtain diplomas. Although the college was organized on a strictly military basis, a thoroughly practical and complete course of study in civil engineering, civil and hydro-graphic surveying, physics, chemistry, French and English was provided. The practice of gymnastic drills and outdoor exercises of all kinds ensured good health and fine physical condition. Five commissions in the imperial army were awarded yearly to the cadets who stand highest. The length of the course was three years, in three terms of nine and a half months' residence each. The total cost of the course, including board, uniform, instructional material and all extras, was from $750 to $1,000. As Commandant, he indicated the difficulty involved if RMC graduates who did not take a commission in the British army or Canadian Permanent Active Force were required to serve for a stated time in the Non-Permanent Active Force. This compulsory military service would be difficult since graduates did not always live near militia units. He recommended that graduates be posted to a unit of their choice rather than simply be placed on the reserve of officers. In 1906, the practice began at the RMC club annual dinner of calling the roll by having each member rise in place in turn and announce their college number and name in order of seniority. In 1907, the loving cup was circulated for the first time around the table at the RMC club annual dinner. Although Taylor retired in 1916, he commanded the labour corps in France in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="20367187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367187" title="St. Vincent's Institute of Medical Research">
St. Vincent's Institute of Medical Research

St Vincent's Institute of Medical Research (SVI) is an independent medical research institute in Fitzroy, Melbourne, Australia. The Institute conducts medical research into the cause, prevention and treatment of diseases that are common and have serious effects on health. These include type 1 diabetes, obesity, heart disease and type 2 diabetes, arthritis and osteoporosis, cancer and the spread of cancer, infectious diseases such as hepatitis and AIDS and Alzheimer's disease and other neurological disorders.
SVI is affiliated with St Vincent’s Hospital and The University of Melbourne and is a member institution of the Mary Aikenhead Ministries.
History.
The Beginnings.
SVI was established as a result of a generous bequest from racehorse trainer, Jack Holt.
Holt’s life had been devoted to racing, where he achieved great success and distinction as a trainer and a judge of quality thoroughbreds. Holt lived his entire life together with his two sisters, Margaret and Catherine in a small 8-roomed cottage that he had constructed in Mordialloc. While his business acumen and skill as a trainer led to the development of a rather large fortune, above all Holt was known for his good humour and generosity. The death of his beloved sister Catherine in 1945 provoked him to bequeath the majority of his considerable assets to found a school of medical research at St Vincent’s Hospital, Melbourne. Upon Holt’s death in 1951, the St Vincent’s School of Medical Research, now known as SVI, was established under the control of the Sisters of Charity at St Vincent’s Hospital.
The Edman Years (1958-1972).
A Swede, Pehr Victor Edman was appointed the first director of the Institute after a world-wide search. Edman took up his appointment in May, 1957, with the title of John Holt Director of Research, and the School was officially opened on April 23, 1958.
Edman’s research interest was the structure of proteins. Proteins are essential for life – they are needed to make new cells; to build muscle; to act as messengers; and to support the immune system – virtually every action performed in the body is dependent upon them. Proteins are made up of chains of amino acids, of which there are twenty different kinds. Each protein has a different number and order of amino acids in its chain. Just as different combinations of the 26 letters of the alphabet can make a huge variety of different words, so too do the 20 amino acids make up a hugely diverse range of proteins.
In 1950 Edman had published a method that allowed the order of amino acids in a protein to be determined. Using his method, the last amino acid in a protein chain was tagged with a chemical, allowing it to be removed from the chain and identified without disrupting the order of the rest of the amino acid chain. This is a bit like recognizing a word after having it spelled out to you. When the ‘letters’ were assembled at the end of the reaction, they spelled out the protein sequence.
Edman spent his early years at the Institute designing and producing a machine that automated protein sequencing. In 1958 RMIT graduate Geoffrey Begg was employed as a junior laboratory assistant to Edman and became intimately involved in the project. Describing how the idea came to fruition, Begg said, “I was sitting having a cup of tea with some of the research blokes one day, just after I’d joined in 1958, and we were talking about how repetitive their analysis work was…I asked them why they didn’t invent a machine to speed up all the repetitive work. I was only a laboratory assistant and they all laughed, so I forgot about it. But apparently Dr Edman had been thinking about the same thing. He heard about this and asked me if I could make a model of a possible machine.” The next day, Begg brought an electric motor from home and aided by his glass blowing skills, showed that the idea was feasible. Begg spent much of the following year working on the machine, which came to be known as ‘Matilda’.
‘Matilda’ took nearly 6 years to perfect, and pushed the men's ingenuity to the limit: more than once they had to produce parts in the Institute workshop, having discovered that no manufacturer in the world would make the part to the necessary specifications. A description of the automated method and the machine, renamed more prosaically ‘The Sequenator’, was published by Edman and Begg in 1968. Edman refused to patent the invention, believing that the scientific world should be able to benefit from it without charge. Beckman Instruments in Palo Alto (California) subsequently developed a commercial version, which became widely used in laboratories in America and Europe.
The Morgan Years (1973-1988).
While maintaining the international reputation of the Institute in the area of protein purification and sequencing, after being appointed Director in 1973, Frank Morgan made the notably valuable decision to extend the research activities of the Institute by establishing the first protein crystallographic laboratory for the three-dimensional study of protein molecules in Australia (outside of CSIRO).
In 1978, Neil Isaacs, who went on to become the Joseph Black Professor of Chemistry at the University of Glasgow, was lured to SVI by Frank Morgan to establish a protein crystallography laboratory. The process had been developed overseas some years before, and gave researchers the ability to work out the 3-dimensional structure of a protein, which allows biological processes to be seen at their most fundamental level.
Today, these structures help researchers develop ‘smart drugs’ that are specifically designed to interact with a particular disease-causing protein. Remarkably, in 1978, Isaacs and his team gathered much of the information on the structure of the black swan lysozyme from a low-power X-ray generator and a single camera.
Using the basic tools and primitive computing facilities available at the time, Isaacs and an assistant spent an entire summer painstakingly reconstructing their discovery by hand; today it sits in the foyer of the Institute.
The Martin Years (1988-2002).
From the time that Professor Jack Martin joined SVI as Director in 1988, the strength of the Institute in cancer and bone research steadily increased. Particular contributions were made by SVI scientists towards understanding how the cells of the immune system contribute to the formation and activity of bone-dissolving cells, and how locally generated growth factors and other molecules can influence bone structure. All of this work is relevant to the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis.
SVI’s work on skeletal complications of cancer has been important in establishing what is now a major interest in this area – that the bone microenvironment profoundly influences the ability of cancers to establish and grow in bone as secondary deposits. This came from SVI work showing that cancer cells, in order to be able to establish in bone, needed to be able to control its growth and breakdown. These are now key concepts in thinking about this common complication of cancer, and how it can be prevented and treated.
In these years SVI also became known for its studies of protein kinases, the enzymes in the body that change protein function through the addition of phosphate groups. The Institute’s Protein Chemistry Unit, headed by Professor Bruce Kemp, was recognised internationally for its outstanding work on protein kinases, and throughout the 1990s concentrated its attention on one particular protein, the AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), which has a key role in regulating energy expenditure.
SVI today.
Professor Thomas Kay was appointed as the Institute’s fourth director upon Jack Martin’s retirement in 2002. Trained as a physician and endocrinologist, Tom Kay applied his extensive experience in immunology to the study of transplantation of pancreatic islets as a treatment for diabetes. In 2008 the first transplant of human pancreatic islet cells into a diabetic person took place successfully under the direction of this group and in close collaboration with St. Vincent’s Hospital colleagues.
The Institute’s research continues with emphasis on structural studies of proteins, cancer cell biology and cancer metastasis – especially to bone – the cell biology of bone and relevant diseases, osteoporosis and arthritis, and the control of metabolism, applied particularly to heart disease and diabetes.
Today the Institute has a team of over 160 staff and students, who are focussed on common diseases that represent major health issues for Australians today, including diabetes, bone diseases, cancer, cardiovascular disease, obesity and Alzheimer's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="20367194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367194" title="Rock with You">
Rock with You

Rock with You may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20367196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367196" title="Macrognathus siamensis">
Macrognathus siamensis

Macrognathus siamensis is a tropical fish belonging to the Mastacembelidae family. 
As an aquarium fish it is known with the common name Peacock Eel or Peacock Spiny Eel.
Description and ecology.
"Macrognathus siamensis" has been recorded to reach a maximum length of . "M. siamensis" is a freshwater species, generally found at the bottoms of bodies of water. It is found in the rivers of Southeast Asia, including the Mekong, Chao Phraya, and Mae Klong. During the day, "Macrognathus siamensis" buries itself in the river bottom, coming out at night to feed on insects, crustaceans, and worms.
In the aquarium.
Although usually peaceful, they will eat any fish smaller than their mouths (ex. Neon Tetra); like most eels, they need places to hide, such as driftwood or artificial decorations, coming out usually only at night to feed, hence they should be fed at night. They are notorious jumpers, and will use open areas and even external filters to escape.

</doc>
<doc id="20367210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367210" title="Charles Carreon">
Charles Carreon

Charles Hernan Carreon (born 1956) is an American trial attorney best known for his involvement in a legal dispute between The Oatmeal webcomic and content aggregator FunnyJunk. He currently represents individuals and companies in matters pertaining to Internet law.
Life and career.
Carreon was born in Phoenix, Arizona. He attended Arizona State University, but left after meeting and marrying his wife in 1974. He later earned his Bachelor of Arts degree from Southern Oregon State College and his law degree from UCLA School of Law in 1986. He was admitted to the State Bar of California in 1987 and the Oregon State Bar in 1993. He was admitted to the bar for the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in 1987, the U.S. District Court for the District of Oregon in 1995, and the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in 2009.
After working in several Los Angeles law offices, Carreon relocated to Ashland, Oregon and worked as a Deputy District Attorney for Jackson County, Oregon. Carreon started a private practice in 1995. He incorporated a new practice in Oregon focusing on online media law in 2001, which is currently based in Tucson, Arizona.
In October 2005, Carreon was suspended by the Oregon State Bar for 60 days for the unlawful practice of law and failing to deposit or maintain client funds in trust. In September 2006, Carreon was also suspended for two years by the State Bar of California, stayed, and placed on two years of probation with an actual 60-day suspension for violating his duty to maintain client funds in trust, and for practicing without a license in Canada.
Carreon and his wife have two daughters. Their son Joshua died in 2007.
Sex.com.
Carreon was part of the legal team that successfully litigated the Sex.com domain name rights case. 
The sex.com rights case was brought after entrepreneur Gary Kremen lost control of the domain to Stephen M. Cohen. The case took six years, with a $65 million judgment awarded to Kremen in 2001. Carreon later brought a suit against Kremen over compensation for the case. In 2008, Carreon self-published his account of events as "The Sex.com Chronicles" through his own imprint.
American Buddha.
Carreon represents American Buddha, which he describes as a non-profit religious organization whose director and librarian is his wife Tara Lyn Carreon. Their website hosts a library of books and movies.
In 2009 publisher Penguin Group sued American Buddha over the uploading of four copyrighted books for which Penguin holds the rights.
The Oatmeal.
In June 2012, Carreon represented FunnyJunk.com in sending a demand letter alleging defamation and requesting damages from Matthew Inman of "The Oatmeal" in a long-standing copyright infringement dispute. On June 14, Carreon alleged he suffered "security attacks instigated by Matt Inman".
On June 15, Carreon filed a "pro se" lawsuit "Carreon v. Inman et al" in United States District Court for the Northern District of California in Oakland against IndieGoGo, Inc., the American Cancer Society, and the National Wildlife Federation, for alleged improprieties related to an "Oatmeal" charity fundraiser created in response to the FunnyJunk demand. Carreon stated he planned to subpoena Twitter and Ars Technica to determine the identity of the creator of a fake Twitter account which parodied Carreon. On June 21, the Electronic Frontier Foundation announced they were joining with the lead lawyer representing Inman, stating, "This lawsuit is a blatant attempt to abuse the legal process to punish a critic."
Lawyer Rebecca E. Hoffman of Bloomberg BNA said Carreon's case could "only be described as frivolity on top of frivolousness" (referring to the concept of frivolous litigation). On June 25, Carreon amended his lawsuit against Inman and the other defendants to include Kamala Harris, the state Attorney General of California. Carreon also requested a temporary restraining order to stop disbursement of the donations. Carreon filed a notice of voluntary dismissal in his suit against all parties on July 3. In July 2012, Carreon founded the website rapeutation.com and released a music video which mocks Inman. Carreon also alleges that online commentary about him constitutes a "distributed internet reputation attack". "Mashable" named Carreon's case first among their list of "silliest tech lawsuits ever", and InfoWorld's Robert X. Cringely wrote that Carreon's actions made him "Internet Enemy No. 1".
Carreon also indicated his interest in finding and then suing the owner of satirical site charles-carreon.com, leading Public Citizen to seek a federal declaratory judgment to protect the satirical site's owner.
In April 2013, Carreon effectively lost the battle and was ordered to pay $46,100.25 (USD) in legal fees, 
In September 2013, Carreon dropped his final appeal in the case, saying "it was a dumb thing" and "I made it worse".

</doc>
<doc id="20367221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367221" title="Bang Camaro II">
Bang Camaro II

Bang Camaro II is the second album by Boston rock band Bang Camaro, released on November 18, 2008 under Black Sword Records. However, after their shows in Boston on November 14, and Brooklyn on November 15, they pre-released copies of the album to those at the shows. The album was added to iTunes on January 13, 2009.
"Night Lies" is featured as a track in the bonus setlist in the game "Rock Band 2". "Revolution" is also featured as a track in "Madden NFL 10", and in "The Sims 3" under the "Custom Music" section.
Every song, with the exception of "I Know You Like My Band", was released as a single for the album.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Bang Camaro
- Untitled Hidden Track

</doc>
<doc id="20367229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367229" title="Less than 3">
Less than 3

Less than 3 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20367260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367260" title="Wild Animals I Have Known">
Wild Animals I Have Known

Wild Animals I Have Known is an 1898 book by naturalist and author Ernest Thompson Seton. The first entry in a new genre of realistic wild-animal fiction, Seton's first collection of short stories quickly became one of the most popular books of its day. "Lobo the King of Currumpaw", the first story in the collection, was based upon Seton's experience hunting wolves in the southwestern United States. It became a classic, setting the tone for his future works that would similarly depict animals—especially predators who were often demonized in literature—as compassionate, individualistic beings.
Several years after its publication, Seton and his works came under fire during the nature fakers controversy, which began in 1903 when naturalist John Burroughs published an essay called "Real and Sham Natural History" in "Atlantic Monthly". In particular Burroughs blamed Seton's collection of stories for founding the sentimental animal story genre, which he felt featured fabricated events and wild animal behaviors; he even amended the title of the collection to "Wild Animals I" Alone "Have Known".

</doc>
<doc id="20367272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367272" title="David Murray Quintet">
David Murray Quintet

David Murray Quintet with Ray Anderson & Anthony Davis is an album by David Murray which was released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1996 and features performances by Murray, Ray Anderson, Anthony Davis, Kenny Davis and Tommy Campbell.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Chris Kelsey awarded the album 4½ stars stating "This is a first-rate album by as heavy an ad hoc group as you'll find anywhere.".

</doc>
<doc id="20367280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367280" title="Operational instruments of the Royal Observer Corps">
Operational instruments of the Royal Observer Corps

The Royal Observer Corps (ROC) was a civil defence organisation operating in the United Kingdom between October 1925 and 31 December 1995, when the Corps' civilian volunteers were stood down. (ROC headquarters staff at RAF Bentley Priory stood down on 31 March 1996). Composed mainly of civilian spare-time volunteers, ROC personnel wore a Royal Air Force (RAF) style uniform and latterly came under the administrative control of RAF Strike Command and the operational control of the Home Office. Civilian volunteers were trained and administered by a small cadre of professional full-time officers under the command of the Commandant Royal Observer Corps; a serving RAF Air Commodore.
This sub article lists and describes the instruments used by the ROC in their nuclear detection and reporting role during the Cold War period.
References.
Operator's Handbook for Meter Survey Radiac No.2 Published A.E.R.E. 1955
Civil Defence Pocket Book, General Information published Home Office (various dates)

</doc>
<doc id="20367296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367296" title="Mycielski">
Mycielski

Mycielski is a surname of Polish origin, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20367324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367324" title="Harrison Millard">
Harrison Millard

Harrison Millard (November 27 1830– September 10 1895) was an American composer who wrote the music to the Christian hymn "Abide with Me, 'Tis Eventide"—the words of which are by Lutheran evangelist Martin Lowrie Hofford (1825–1888).
Millard was born in Boston and taught music in New York City. He served in the Union forces in the American Civil War and was wounded at the Battle of Chickamauga.
Among other works by Millard was a four act opera entitled "Deborah".

</doc>
<doc id="20367325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367325" title="Bahtoo Stadium">
Bahtoo Stadium

Bahtoo Memorial Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium, located in downtown Mandalay, Myanmar. The 17,000 seat stadium is the largest stadium in Upper Myanmar, and the home stadium of Yadanabon FC of the Myanmar National League (MNL). The stadium is the Upper Myanmar venue for MNL Cup football matches.
Bahtoo Stadium also hosts other local and regional football tournaments. It was the venue for the 2006 Myanmar Grand Royal Challenge Cup, an international football tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20367330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367330" title="Cut Your Heart off from Your Head">
Cut Your Heart off from Your Head

Cut Your Heart Off From Your Head is the second album from Dublin-based instrumental band The Redneck Manifesto. It was recorded, mixed and produced by Alan O Boyle in February 2002. The album was mastered by Fergal Davis. Both men were involved in the production of the band's debut "Thirtysixstrings".

</doc>
<doc id="20367335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367335" title="James Dickson Phillips, Jr.">
James Dickson Phillips, Jr.

James Dickson Phillips, Jr. (born September 23, 1922) is a senior federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
Early life and education.
Born in Scotland County, North Carolina, Phillips grew up in Laurinburg, North Carolina and attended its public schools. He graduated from high school in 1939 as the salutatorian of his graduating class. He earned a bachelor's degree Phi Beta Kappa in 1943 from Davidson College and a law degree in 1948 from University of North Carolina School of Law, where he was associate editor of the school's law review and a member of the Order of the Coif.
Military service.
Phillips was a U.S. Army First Lieutenant from 1943 until 1946. He served as a rifle platoon leader in the 17th Airborne Division's 513th Parachute Regiment while it took part in three European campaigns: the Ardennes, Rhineland and Central Europe. Following a parachute drop over the Rhine River on March 28, 1945, Phillips was wounded, evacuated and remained hospitalized until the end of World War II. Phillips ultimately was awarded the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart and a Presidential Unit Citation.
Professional career.
Phillips served as the assistant director of the Institute of Government in Chapel Hill, North Carolina from 1948 until 1949, and then he worked in private law practice in Laurinburg, North Carolina from 1949 until 1955. From 1955 until 1959, he worked in private law practice in Fayetteville, North Carolina.
From 1960 until 1964, Phillips was a lecturer and an associate professor of law at University of North Carolina School of Law. He then became a professor of law at the University of North Carolina School of Law from 1964 until 1978, specializing in procedural law. He concurrently served as the school's dean from 1964 until 1974.
Federal judicial service.
On July 20, 1978, President Jimmy Carter nominated Phillips to be a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. The United States Senate confirmed Phillips on August 11, 1978.
Phillips took senior status on July 31, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20367349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367349" title="Daily Express (Dublin)">
Daily Express (Dublin)

The Daily Express of Dublin (often referred to as the Dublin Daily Express, to distinguish it from the "Daily Express" of London) was an Irish newspaper published from 1851 until June 1921, and then continued for registration purposes until 1960.
It was a unionist newspaper. From 1917, its title was the Daily Express and Irish Daily Mail. In its heyday, it had the highest circulation of any paper in Ireland.
History.
In his "Post Famine Ireland" (2006), Desmond Keenan says of the newspaper: 
In 1858, Karl Marx, writing in the "New York Tribune", called the paper "the Government organ": 
The paper's first editor, James Godkin, although brought up as a Roman Catholic, had served as a Congregational minister in Armagh and as a general missionary for the Irish Evangelical Society. He was the author of "A Guide from the Church of Rome to the Church of Christ" (1836) and in 1838 had founded the "Christian Patriot" newspaper in Belfast. He was also the author of a prize-winning essay called "The Rights of Ireland" (1845).
In December 1858, Lola Montez, visiting Dublin, wrote an angry but inaccurate letter to the editor of the "Daily Express" dealing with events which had taken place almost fifteen years earlier. She insisted that, when Dujarier died, she was living in the house of a Dr and Mrs Azan, and that "the good Queen of Bavaria wept bitterly when she left Munich." The newspaper's editor responded in kind, declaring "It is now well established that Lola Montez was born in 1824, her
father being the son of a baronet."
In November 1881, Charles Boycott faced severe difficulties from the Irish Land League on the estate of John Crichton, 3rd Earl Erne, and men of the Orange Order mounted the Lough Mask House Relief Expedition. The "Daily Express" donated food and supplies. At the time it was owned by Lord Ardilaun. 
Standish James O'Grady (1846–1928), a figure in the Irish Literary Revival and author of a "History of Ireland", worked on the Daily Express as a journalist until 1898.
The radio pioneer Guglielmo Marconi reported for the newspaper on the Kingstown Regatta of July, 1898, and he did so by sending wireless messages from a steam tug which were then telephoned to Dublin. This has been claimed as the first live transmission of a sporting event anywhere in the world.
In 1899, the paper was the forum for the 'Atkinson controversy' about the evidence of Robert Atkinson to the Intermediate Education (Ireland) Commission, and in a letter to the paper published on 15 February 1899, Douglas Hyde, a future President of Ireland, referred to "that Stygian flood of black ignorance of everything Irish which, Lethe-like, rolls through the portals of my beloved Alma Mater." 
In 1902 and 1903, James Joyce wrote many reviews for the newspaper, and its pro-British reputation is mentioned in his "The Dead". One of Joyce's reviews troubled the Daily Express's editor, Ernest Longworth, so much that he broke with tradition and added Joyce's initials to it. Published on 26 March 1903, this was a hostile review of Lady Gregory's "Poets and Dreamers". 
During the Easter Rising of 1916, rebels entered the grounds of Dublin Castle and took possession of the offices of the Dublin "Daily Express", from the roof of which they could command the approaches to the Castle from Dame Street, Castle Street, and Cork Hill to the Upper Castle Yard. British troops regained possession later the same day. 
Archived copies of the newspaper are available on microfilm in the National Library of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20367367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367367" title="2009 CFL season">
2009 CFL season

The 2009 CFL season was the 56th season of modern professional Canadian football. Officially, it was the 52nd season of the Canadian Football League. The Montreal Alouettes won the 97th Grey Cup on November 29 with a last second 28–27 win over the Saskatchewan Roughriders. The 19-week regular schedule, issued February 3, 2009, began on July 1, which was only the second time in league history that a CFL season started on Canada Day, with the first occurring in 1998. The playoffs started on November 15 and two weeks of pre-season games began June 17.
CFL news in 2009.
Arena football suspension and moves for expansion.
In February unexpected news was made when an American group, led by ex-NFL receiver Oronde Gadsden, announced their intentions to pursue a franchise in the CFL. Citing the suspension of the 2009 season of the Arena Football League and the demise of NFL Europe as a potential opportunity for growth the US market, Gadsen's group highlighted either Detroit–Windsor or Rochester, New York as possible locations for a new team. Reaction from the CFL with respect to Gadsen's intentions was mixed, however, with league head office iterating a reluctance to return to US expansion while Montreal Alouettes owner, Robert Wetenhall, welcoming the concept of bids involving border regions (Wetenhall's Alouettes spent two years in Baltimore in the 1990s, though under American ownership; Wetenhall purchased the team after it moved to Montreal).
The mayor of Moncton, premier of New Brunswick, and league commissioner Mark Cohon met in February to negotiate a deal that would see the city host a regular season game annually over five years, beginning in the 2010 CFL season.
Rule changes.
Several main rule changes were proposed for 2009 by fans at the request of CFL commissioner Mark Cohon. The following changes were implemented:
Other rule changes considered included moving the kickoff back 10 yards for all kicks (not just following safeties), and moving the ball back during conversions.
Hall of Fame induction weekend.
For only the second time in its 39-year history, the Canadian Football Hall of Fame induction weekend events did not take place in Hamilton, Ontario, the home of the museum. It took place in Winnipeg from September 24 to 26, finishing with the tribute game between the Blue Bombers and Argonauts on September 26.
Bye weeks.
Byes in the two weeks preceding the Labour Day Classic games were retained, however the byes were changed so as to ensure that each pair of Labour Day Classic opponents will have equal rest as opposed to splitting the byes by division.
CFL retro.
As the league approaches the 100th Grey Cup, the CFL celebrated the sixties with all eight teams wearing retro-themed uniforms from that era at different points in the season. All teams wore their retro uniforms in Week 3. The Saskatchewan Roughriders and the Calgary Stampeders were the only teams to wear both home and away retro uniforms, while the remaining teams wore one set of uniforms. The BC Lions wore their black alternate jerseys in combination with their retro pants and helmets for a "retro look," but did not introduce new home retro jerseys.
Regular season.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"
"Teams in bold are currently in playoff positions.X – clinched playoff berthY – clinched first place
Grey Cup playoffs.
The Montreal Alouettes were the 2009 Grey Cup champions, defeating the Saskatchewan Roughriders, 28–27 on a field goal by Damon Duval at Calgary's McMahon Stadium on the last play of the game. It was the first Grey Cup for the Alouettes since 2002. Alouettes' runningback Avon Cobourne was named the Grey Cup Most Valuable Player, and slotback, Ben Cahoon was named the Grey Cup Most Valuable Canadian.

</doc>
<doc id="20367369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367369" title="Pocket MuuMuu">
Pocket MuuMuu


</doc>
<doc id="20367378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367378" title="Mill Hill School (Derbyshire)">
Mill Hill School (Derbyshire)

Mill Hill School (following the combination of Benjamin Outrams Comprehensive School and Ripley Technical School) is a secondary school and sixth form college located in Ripley, Derbyshire. As of 2008, there were 1258 students in attendance, ranging between the ages of 11 and 18. As of 2009 the school has been a centre of excellence for English studies, thus gaining specialist status. Prior to this, Mill Hill specialised in the Media and liberal arts curriculum.
External links.
http://www.millhill.derbyshire.sch.uk/

</doc>
<doc id="20367380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367380" title="Diet of Istria">
Diet of Istria

The Diet of Istria () was the regional assembly of the Margravate of Istria within the Austrian Littoral of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. It was founded in 1861 and based in Poreč.

</doc>
<doc id="20367413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367413" title="Breadline">
Breadline

Breadline may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20367459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367459" title="Sonora State Highway 56">
Sonora State Highway 56

Sonora State Highway 56 (Carretera Estatal 56) is a highway in the south of the Mexican state of Sonora.
It runs from the junction with Sonora State Highway 149 and Highway to Bacobampo to Huatabampo. 

</doc>
<doc id="20367490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367490" title="Souvenir d'un lieu cher">
Souvenir d'un lieu cher

Souvenir d’un lieu cher ("Memory of a dear place"; Russian: "Воспоминание о дорогом месте"), Op. 42, for violin and piano, was written by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky between March and May 1878. It consists of three movements:
The "Méditation" was written between 23 and 25 March 1878, in Clarens, Switzerland, where Tchaikovsky wrote his Violin Concerto. It was originally intended as the slow movement of the concerto, but he realised it was too slight for a concerto, so he discarded it and wrote a Canzonetta instead. On 16 May, back in Russia, he started on a work in three parts for violin and piano (the only time he ever originally wrote for that combination of instruments, although the "Valse-Scherzo" also exists in a violin and piano arrangement). On 22 May he told his brother Modest that it was going well. On 25 May he left for a two-week vacation on the Ukrainian country estate Brailovo (sometimes seen in English as "Brailov"), which belonged to his benefactress Nadezhda von Meck, where he finished the work by 31 May. For the first movement, he used the discarded "Méditation", recasting it for violin and piano. The two additional movements, Scherzo and "Mélodie", completed the "Souvenir d'un lieu cher". While at Brailovo, he also completed the Six Romances, Op. 38, and sketched his entire setting of the Liturgy of St. John Chrysostom.
Tchaikovsky had the original manuscript sent as a token of gratitude to Nadezhda von Meck, but he always intended to publish the work, so he asked her to arrange for a copy to be made, which was done by Władysław Pachulski, a member of von Meck's household and later her son-in-law. This copy was sent to the publisher, P. Jurgenson. Tchaikovsky dedicated the work to "B*******", which is understood to refer to Brailovo itself. It was published in May 1879, as Op. 42. 
In 1880, the "Méditation" was published separately, and has since become well known as an independent piece. The Scherzo and "Mélodie" were published separately in 1884. In 1896 Jurgenson published the complete work in an arrangement by Alexander Glazunov for violin and orchestra, and in this form it has perhaps become better known than in its original form for violin and piano. There is also an arrangement for violin and strings by Alexandru Lascae.
There is no record of the work's first performance. 

</doc>
<doc id="20367513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367513" title="Rita Saffioti">
Rita Saffioti

Rita Saffioti (born 26 May 1972) is an Australian politician and economist, currently representing the seat of West Swan in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly. On the 9th of April 2013, Rita Saffioti was appointed as Shadow Minister for Planning; Finance; Government Accountability; and Women's Interests.
Personal.
Rita grew up on her family’s orchard in Roleystone, south-east of Perth. There she attended the local schools and went on to be awarded Dux of Kelmscott Senior High School. In 1992 Rita successfully completed her Bachelor of Business degree at Curtin University, majoring in Economics.
Saffioti is married and has three children. Saffioti is possibly the first female Australian politician to give birth to three children in one term of parliament.
Politics.
April 9, 2013 - Appointed Shadow Minister for Planning; Finance; Government Accountability; and Women's Interests.
Before being elected to parliament, Saffioti was a senior advisor and chief of staff to Premier's Gallop and Carpenter.
Saffioti became the inaugural member for West Swan in the WA State election of 6 September 2008.
Saffioti has been a member of the Australian Labor Party since 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20367517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367517" title="Sonora State Highway 40">
Sonora State Highway 40

Sonora State Highway 40 (Carretera Estatal 40) is a highway in the north-west of the Mexican state of Sonora.
It runs from San Luis Rio Colorado to Golfo de Santa Clara. 

</doc>
<doc id="20367531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367531" title="Stoklosa Alumni Field">
Stoklosa Alumni Field

Stoklosa Alumni Field is a baseball field in Lowell, Massachusetts, USA. It was rebuilt in 1996 as a temporary home of the Lowell Spinners. The Spinners played at the field for the 1996 and 1997 seasons before moving to Edward A. LeLacheur Park on UMass Lowell's east campus. The field was also home to the Lowell All-Americans of the New England Collegiate Baseball League between 2000 and 2010. Following the 2010 season, the franchise moved to Old Orchard Beach, Maine.
The venue is currently used by the Lowell High School varsity baseball team. It holds 4,000 people. 

</doc>
<doc id="20367579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367579" title="I Am Brazil">
I Am Brazil

I Am Brazil is the third album from Dublin-based instrumental band The Redneck Manifesto. It was recorded in Black Box Studios, France.

</doc>
<doc id="20367596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367596" title="Sonora State Highway 176">
Sonora State Highway 176

Sonora State Highway 176 (Carretera Estatal 176) is a highway in the south of the Mexican state of Sonora.
It runs from Huatabampo to the junction with Mexican Federal Highway 15.

</doc>
<doc id="20367609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367609" title="Killer Snow">
Killer Snow

Killer Snow is a book depicting avalanches, snow slides and the like that occurred in Newfoundland and Labrador, the earliest occurring in 1781–82, and the latest occurring in 2006. It is written by a Newfoundland native David Liverman. The book is published by Flanker Press.
Places referenced.
Some towns and communities in the book are places such as St. Anthony, St. John's, Petty Harbour, Nain, Corner Brook, Griquet, Tilt Cove and other various areas around Newfoundland and Labrador.
Origin.
The origin of the book was based on David Liverman's notice of a headstone, stating "Killed By a Snowslide". This intrigued Liverman and his colleagues to do research on geologic sites that are prone to avalanches and snowslides throughout the island and mainland Labrador.
References.
1. ^Killer Snow, David Liverman, Flanker Press

</doc>
<doc id="20367619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367619" title="Princess Margherita of Bourbon-Parma">
Princess Margherita of Bourbon-Parma

Princess Margherita of Bourbon-Parma () (1 January 1847 in Lucca, Duchy of Parma – 29 January 1893 in Viareggio, Tuscany, Kingdom of Italy) was the eldest child and daughter of Charles III, Duke of Parma and Princess Louise Marie Thérèse of France, the eldest daughter of Charles Ferdinand, Duke of Berry and Princess Caroline Ferdinande Louise of the Two Sicilies. Margherita was thus a great-granddaughter of Charles X of France. She was a niece of Henri, comte de Chambord, disputedly King of France and Navarre from 2 to 9 August 1830 and afterwards the Legitimist Pretender to the throne of France from 1844 to 1883. Through her marriage to Carlos, Duke of Madrid, Carlist claimant to the Spanish throne, Margherita was titular Queen consort of Spain, France, and Navarre.
Marriage and issue.
Margherita married Carlos, Duke of Madrid, eldest son of Juan, Count of Montizón and his wife Archduchess Maria Beatrix of Austria-Este, on 4 February 1867 at Schloss Frohsdorf in Frohsdorf, Lower Austria, Austrian Empire. Margherita and Carlos had five children:
Margherita died on 29 January 1893. Carlos remarried the following year to Princess Berthe of Rohan.

</doc>
