<doc id="20227382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227382" title="2009 Michigan Wolverines football team">
2009 Michigan Wolverines football team

The 2009 Michigan Wolverines football team represented the University of Michigan in the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They played their home games at Michigan Stadium in Ann Arbor, Michigan and competed in the Big Ten Conference. The team attempted to rebound from its worst season (loss wise) in its 130-year football history and succeeded at first, starting the season 4–0 and earning a No. 20 ranking in the polls. Over the final eight games the Wolverines went 1–7 however, ending the season with a 5–7 record and failing to qualify for a bowl game for the second straight year. 2008 and 2009 were Michigan's first back-to-back sub-.500 seasons since 1962 and 1963; they also failed to win a road game for the first time since 1962.
However, several individuals excelled. Brandon Graham received numerous post-season accolades including Chicago Tribune Silver Football as conference Co-MVP, several first and second team 2009 College Football All-America Team selections, and the 2010 Senior Bowl MVP. Graham was the national statistical champion in tackles for a loss (TFL) and the repeat Big Ten Champion. Zoltan Mesko also received several second team All-American recognitions and was a first team Academic All-American. Mesko was the Big Ten punting average statistical champion. After the season, co-captains Graham, Mesko and leading tackler Stevie Brown were drafted in the 2010 NFL Draft and immediately after the draft Donovan Warren signed as an undrafted free agent.
Preseason preview.
In 2008 the Michigan Wolverines had possibly the worst season in the history of the program. The team finished with a 3–9 regular season record, failing to qualify for a postseason bowl game for the first time in 33 years. The Wolverines struggled to implement first-year head coach Rich Rodriguez's spread option offense; Michigan was last in the Big Ten in passing offense, scoring offense, total offense and turnover margin.
Going into 2009, there was optimism that Michigan, led by newly recruited mobile quarterback Tate Forcier, would be able to turn things around and have a winning season, or at the very least win their opening game for the first time since 2006. The team had 10 returning offensive starters and 5 returning defensive starters. Although to some Forcier was a foregone conclusion as the starting quarterback, the battle between him, incumbent Nick Sheridan, and Denard Robinson was anticipated to be the most competitive position battle in the Big Ten Conference according to "College Football News". Although the 2008 defense had been a disappointment, Obi Ezeh and Brandon Graham were considered to be a solid nucleus to build around. The team also employed a new defensive coordinator, Greg Robinson, to help guide this defensive turnaround. The key losses for the team were S Brandon Harrison, DE Tim Jamison, DT Will Johnson, RB Sam McGuffie, DT Terrance Taylor, LB John Thompson, QB Steven Threet, CB Morgan Trent.
Recruiting.
The Wolverines received several commitments from 4-star blue chip players. Among the recruits are Anthony LaLota of the Hun School in Princeton, New Jersey who is ranked as the fourth offensive tackle in the nation by Scout.com and sixth strong side defensive end by Rivals.com. LaLota appeared in the U.S. Army All-American game on January 3, 2009 in San Antonio, Texas. Other top recruits included a top-ten-rated dual-threat quarterback (Tate Forcier – Rivals #6) to run Rich Rodriguez's spread offense, and Justin Turner who was rated as the No. 3 safety.
Michigan's 2009 recruiting class was ranked 7th nationally by Rivals.com, and 10th by ESPN. Eight players initially committed to attend Michigan in 2009 but later decommitted and signed with a different college: Anthony Fera – K (PSU), Bryce McNeal – WR (Clemson), Kevin Newsome – QB (PSU), Dewayne Peace – WR (Arizona), Jordan Barnes – LB (Oklahoma State), Pearlie Graves – DT (Texas Tech), DeQuinta Jones – DT, and Shavodrick Beaver – QB (Tulsa)
Several recruits participated in the January 3 U.S. Army All-American game during which William Campbell announced his re-commitment to the program. Joining Campbell and LaLota in the All-America game were cornerback/safety Justin Turner, kicker Brendan Gibbons, and receivers Jeremy Gallon and Je'Ron Stokes. Several recruits began early enrollment at Michigan for the Spring 2009 semester, including quarterback Tate Forcier, five-star defensive tackle Will Campbell, running back Vincent Smith, defensive end Anthony LaLota, linebacker Brandin Hawthorne, defensive back Mike Jones and safety Vlad Emilien.
Practice time limit investigation.
In an August 30, 2009 "Detroit Free Press" article, several current and former players on the 2008 and 2009 teams speaking anonymously said Michigan frequently violated the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) off-season 8 hour per week and in-season 20 hour per week practice limit. Rodriguez denied all of the allegations at a press conference the next day; "The New York Times" quoted him as saying "We know the rules, and we follow the rules." The University of Michigan Athletic Department's compliance office notified both the NCAA and the Big Ten Conference of its intentions to investigate itself. Unlike the University of Michigan basketball scandal where all of the participants had left the school by the time the investigation completed and punishment was handed down, many of the athletes involved in this scandal are still students at the University of Michigan; failure to cooperate with the investigation might result in the NCAA revoking the athletes eligibility to participate in athletic competitions. In November, the university revealed its finding that the team failed to file the proper paperwork to document the team's training schedule.
The NCAA had the right to either accept Michigan's findings once the athletic department's inquiry was completed or to conduct its own investigation. On October 23, 2009 the NCAA notified the school that it had decided to begin a formal investigation into the matter; they expected it to be completed by December 31, 2009. On February 22, 2010, the NCAA accused Michigan of failing to comply with practice time rules and "failed to promote an atmosphere of compliance within the football program" under coach Rich Rodriguez. The university had 90 days to respond and appeared at an NCAA hearing on infractions in August. Michigan issued self-sanctions on May 25, 2010, which included cutting practice time and placing itself on two years worth of probation. Michigan did, however, dispute the claim that Coach Rodriguez "failed to promote an atmosphere of compliance." The NCAA handed down their final verdict in the case on November 4, 2010, which accepted almost all of the self-sanctions that Michigan provided. Michigan was docked 130 practice hours, which was twice the number of excess hours that the university had exceeded, and placed on three years probation, which was one more than originally proposed; but the university and Rodriguez did, however, escape the most serious charge of "failing to promote an atmosphere of compliance," as the NCAA agreed with Michigan's statement that the cases were not deliberate and isolated. This ruling ended the NCAA's investigation of Michigan's football program.
Preseason award watch lists.
Several players excelled individually. The season began with numerous Wolverines on national award preseason watchlists. Brandon Graham led the way with five such recognitions for the Bednarik Award, Hendricks Award, Lombardi Award, Lott Trophy and Bronko Nagurski Trophy. David Molk was on both the Lombardi and Rimington Trophy preseason lists, while Brandon Minor was on both the Maxwell Award and Doak Walker Award lists. Obi Ezeh, Zoltan Mesko, and Stephen Schilling were preseason Butkus Award, Ray Guy Award and Lombardi candidates, respectively. As the season started, Michigan burst out with a 4–0 start and saw several players recognized as Big Ten Conference player of the week early in the season: Tate Forcier, Carlos Brown and Mesko. Also, several players earned midseason or finalist watchlist recognitions: Ezeh (Butkus), Mesko (Guy) and Graham (Hendrick).
During week 2, Tate Forcier (Offense) and Darryl Stonum (Special teams) were honored by the Big Ten Conference as players of the week (POW). At the same time, Forcier was also named AT&T All-America Player of the Week, as well as the Davey O'Brien National Quarterback of the Week Award and Rivals.com National Freshmen of the Week and the Rivals.com Big Ten Offensive Player of the Week honor. The following week, Carlos Brown earned co-offensive POW honors along with Northwestern's Mike Kafka. Zoltan Mesko was named the special teams player of the week on October 11. The only statistical leader for the team was Mesko who in eight conference games averaged 45.2 yards/punt, which was the first time a Michigan punter led the Big Ten in Conference game punting average since Paul Staroba in 1970. Brandon Graham and Mesko were first-team All-Big Ten selections by both the coaches and the media. Donovan Warren was first-team by the media and second-team by the coaches and Stephen Schilling was an honorable mention on both lists.
Ezeh was one of sixteen players and three from the Big Ten for the Butkus midseason watch list. Mesko was named a one of 10 semifinalists for the Ray Guy Award and one of 12 finalists for the Wuerffel Trophy. Graham was one of seven finalists for the Hendricks Award.
Rankings.
RV-Receiving votes
NR-Not ranked
Radio.
Radio coverage for all games was on The Michigan Wolverines Football Network, and on Sirius XM Satellite Radio, as well as online at The Michigan Sports Network Online Stream. The radio announcers were (WJR talk show host) Frank Beckmann with play-by-play, Jim Brandstatter with color commentary, and Doug Karsch with sideline reports.
Game notes.
vs. Western Michigan.
In the season opener, the Wolverines played the Western Michigan Broncos at Michigan Stadium. The Wolverines scored first, midway through the first quarter, with a 27-yard touchdown (TD) pass from Tate Forcier to Junior Hemingway. They added to their lead five minutes later when Denard Robinson ran in a TD from 43 yards out. In the second quarter, Michigan added 17 more points: two TDs and a field goal. First was a 7-yard TD pass from Tate Forcier to Kevin Koger. 6 minutes later, Jason Olesnavage kicked a 44-yard field goal. Junior Hemingway scored Michigan's final points when he caught a 44-yard TD pass from Tate Forcier, putting the Wolverines up 31–0 at halftime. Western Michigan missed a field goal just before the end of the half.
The second half was largely uneventful. Michigan was content to hold their lead; they essentially stopped passing in the fourth quarter, with Forcier being replaced by backup David Cone midway through the period. Western Michigan finally got on the board with a fourth-quarter 73-yard TD pass from Tim Hiller to Juan Nunez.
The win stopped a streak of two consecutive season opening losses. The 2007 Michigan Wolverines football team, then ranked No. 5 in the nation, lost their season opener in shocking fashion to two-time defending Division I-FCS champion Appalachian State. The 2008 Michigan Wolverines football team lost their opener to Utah, who would go on to finish as the only undefeated team in Division I-FBS, winning the Mountain West Conference and the 2009 Sugar Bowl over Alabama.
vs. Notre Dame.
In week 2, Michigan renewed their long-time rivalry with the visiting Notre Dame Fighting Irish. On the opening drive, Notre Dame drove the field for an unsuccessful field goal attempt. Michigan scored first late in the first quarter when Brandon Minor ran in a 2-yard TD. Notre Dame responded with a field goal by Nick Taush. Less than twenty seconds later, however, Michigan answered another touchdown on a 94-yard kickoff return by Darryl Stonum. Notre Dame came back to take the lead in the second quarter with back-to-back touchdown passes, 4 yards to Golden Tate and 11 yards to Michael Floyd. After another three-and-out by Michigan, the Irish made their way down the field but were stopped by the Wolverine defense, forcing them to kick a 42-yard field goal. Michigan got the ball back with less than 4 minutes in the half and marched down the field, but with little time left on the clock they had to settle to end the first half with a 39-yard field goal.
Michigan dominated the third quarter, constantly stopping the Irish and controlling the ball most of the period. The Wolverines scored the only points of the quarter on a 3-yard TD pass to Kevin Koger. Early in the fourth quarter, after another three-and-out by Notre Dame, Forcier ran in a TD himself from 31 yards out on 4th and 3. Notre Dame came back later in the quarter, starting with a 21-yard touchdown pass to Tate. Following the touchdown the Irish attempted and failed to score a two-point conversion, leaving themselves down five. After Michigan had an unsuccessful drive, Notre Dame took the lead with a 2-yard TD run by Armando Allen, who then scored on their second 2-point conversion attempt, putting the Irish ahead with less than 5 minutes remaining. Michigan responded by marching the length of the field, consuming most of the remaining time. They eventually found themselves 5 yards away from the goal line with 22 seconds left. Two plays later the Wolverines would score the game-winning touchdown on a 5-yard pass from Forcier to Greg Mathews.
The victory gave the Wolverines their first 2–0 start since 2006. Michigan's all-time record versus Notre Dame improved to 21–15–1 as a result of the victory. This was the highest scoring game in the history of the rivalry, with a total of 72 points between the teams.
vs. Eastern Michigan.
In week 3, the Wolverines hosted the Eastern Michigan Eagles from nearby Ypsilanti. Michigan opened the scoring in the first quarter with a 37-yard field goal by Jason Olesnavage. The Eagles tied the score with 43-yard field goal by Joe Carithers. Michigan regained the lead when Carlos Brown ran in a 9-yard TD near the end of the quarter. Eastern Michigan re-tied the score in the second quarter with an 11-yard TD run by Andy Schmitt. Michigan responded with 2 TDs: first a 5-yard TD run by Michael Shaw, then a 90-yard TD run by Carlos Brown, the third longest TD run from scrimmage in Michigan football history. The Eagles scored their final points of the game just before halftime with a 5-yard TD run by Dwayne Priest. Michigan dominated the second half, beginning with a 13-yard TD run by Martavious Odoms. A little over a minute later QB Denard Robinson ran in a 13-yard TD. In the 4th quarter Odoms ran in another TD from 36 yards out.
With the win Michigan started 3–0 for the first time since 2006. The win also made Michigan's all-time record against Eastern Michigan 9–0; and 26–1 all time against MAC schools. Eastern Michigan would finish the 2009 season with a winless record.
vs. Indiana.
On their homecoming weekend, the Wolverines hosted the Indiana Hoosiers. Indiana opened the scoring with a 25-yard TD run by Tandon Doss. Michigan responded with 2 TDs by Carlos Brown, first a 61-yard TD catch, then a 41-yard TD run. Indiana tied it back up with a 11-yard TD rush by Darius Willis. In the second quarter, Indiana kicked field goals on consecutive possessions, from 24 and 20 yards. Michigan responded with a 12-yard TD run by Brandon Minor. Indiana retook the lead with its 3rd field goal of the quarter, this one from 30 yards, making the halftime score 23–21 Indiana.
The only points of the third quarter came from a 32-yard Indiana field goal. Michigan regained the lead in the fourth with a 7-yard rush by Forcier who leaped over a defender into the endzone. He also completed a quarterback sneak for a 2-point conversion the next play, giving Michigan a 29–26 lead. Indiana took the lead back on the next offensive play with an 85-yard run for a TD by Darius Willis. Michigan regained the final lead with a 26-yard Martavius Odoms TD catch, and sealed their win soon after with a controversial interception by Donovan Warren.
This was the 16th consecutive time Michigan has beaten Indiana, and the 24th consecutive conference opening win for the Wolverines at home. Michigan started the season 4–0 for the first time since 2006.
at Michigan State.
In week 5, Michigan took their first road trip of the season to East Lansing, Michigan to play their in-state rivals the Michigan State Spartans for the Paul Bunyan Trophy. After an interception, Michigan scored first with a 36-yard field goal early in the first quarter. The Spartans countered with a 1-yard TD run by Larry Caper. Each team had a field goal in the 2nd quarter: Michigan had a 42-yarder, then State had a 26 yarder, putting the Spartans up 13–6 at halftime.
Michigan State added to their lead at the start of the 2nd half with a 15-yard TD run by Glenn Winston. Michigan responded in the 4th quarter with a 60-yard touchdown by Darryl Stonum, and tied it up just before time expired with a 92-yard drive capped by a 9-yard TD pass by Forcier to Roy Roundtree, taking the game to overtime. On its opening drive of overtime Forcier led Michigan down to the 8-yard line but then threw a tipped interception in the end zone, ending their threat. MSU's Larry Caper ended the game with a 23-yard TD run on 3rd down and 12, breaking three Michigan tackles that would have forced the Spartans to kick a field goal for the win.
The Spartans outgained the Wolverines 417 to 251 in total yards and won the rushing battle 197 to 28. It is the 37th time in the last 40 meetings that the team who has won the rushing battle won the game. Michigan State won by six points: the last six meetings between the two teams in East Lansing have been decided by seven points or less, or a difference of 25 points in all six games combined.
at Iowa.
Week 6 brought the Wolverines to Iowa City, Iowa for a primetime duel against the Iowa Hawkeyes. Michigan went up early in the 1st with an interception that was returned 40 yards by Donovan Warren for a touchdown. Iowa responded a few minutes later with a 34-yard TD pass to Tony Moeaki from Ricky Stanzi and took the lead with a 28-yard Daniel Murray field goal soon after. Michigan responded late in the quarter when Brandon Minor ran for a touchdown from 3 yards. Iowa added 10 more points in the 2nd quarter: first a 41-yard field goal, then a 1-yard TD run by Brandon Wegher, making the halftime score 20–14 Iowa.
The Hawkeyes opened the third quarter by booting a 40-yard field goal. Michigan responded with a 1-yard TD run late in the 3rd by Minor. Stanzi and Moeaki connected again for a 42-yard Iowa TD in the 4th. Michigan scored on a 3-yard TD run by QB Denard Robinson with about 4 minutes left and held Iowa to a 3-play drive, getting the ball back just down by 2 points (28–30). In the final minute of the game, Michigan drove down the field about 30 yards on an attempted drive to kick a game-winning field goal or TD, but Robinson threw a deep interception, sealing the Hawkeyes' victory.
Michigan turned the ball over five times and fell to 1–5 in Big Ten road games under Rich Rodriguez. Michigan QB Tate Forcier left the game with 7 minutes remaining in the fourth quarter; it was later discovered that he sustained a concussion during the game. Backup quarterback Denard Robinson served as an able replacement, leading the Wolverines on the TD drive to bring them to within 2 until he threw the game-losing interception on the final drive.
vs. Delaware State.
In week 7, Michigan hosted the from Division-I FCS, in the first ever meeting between the two teams. Michigan dominated throughout the game. They scored 7 unanswered touchdowns in the first half, four in the first quarter alone: a Michael Shaw 2-yard run, a 6-yard run by Vincent Smith, a blocked punt that was picked up by Brandon Graham for a score, and a 38-yard catch by Kelvin Grady. In the second quarter, the Wolverines added three more touchdowns, on a 4-yard run by QB Denard Robinson, a 28-yard catch by Martell Webb, and a 7-yard run by Kevin Grady. Delaware State finally got on the board just before halftime with a 26-yard field goal by Riley Flickinger.
The second half was more sedate. Neither team scored in the third quarter. In the fourth Delaware State kicked a second field goal, this time from 24 yards. Michigan's Michael Cox responded with two more touchdowns, from 57 and later 3 yards.
Several Michigan school records were broken or tied in the blowout win. The Wolverines' 727 yards of total offense set a new team record; the 442 total offensive yards in the first half alone also set a team record. Their 57 point win tied the second-biggest margin of victory for them since 1950, and tied for the eighth-largest margin of victory in school history. The 49 first half points was the team's second highest ever. The 28 point first quarter also tied a school record. Because of the effectiveness of the offense, the team did not punt the ball once, the first time this has happened since 1978.
vs. Penn State.
In week 8, Michigan hosted the Penn State Nittany Lions at rain soaked Michigan Stadium. Michigan got an early lead after the first drive of the game when Brandon Minor ran in a TD from one yard out. Penn State tied the score with a 10-yard TD catch by Graham Zug from Daryll Clark, and took the lead for good on a 34-yard field goal by Collin Wagner. In the second quarter Michigan surrendered a safety after a bad snap in the end zone. On the ensuing possession, the Nittany Lions scored on a 60-yard TD pass to Andrew Quarless. Michigan responded with a 23-yard field goal, making the halftime score 19–10.
Penn State dominated the second half, shutting out the Wolverines. The Nittany Lions added 13 points to their lead off of two Graham Zug TD catches in the third quarter, from 11 and 17-yard respectively. Penn State capped off their victory with a 29-yard field goal in the 4th.
Michigan suffered their first home loss of the season. This was the first time the Wolverines had lost to Penn State at home since 1996, ending a five-game losing streak for the Nittany Lions in Ann Arbor. Penn State defeated Michigan for the second straight season, its first win streak versus the Wolverines since a three-game streak from 1994–96.
at Illinois.
In week 9, the Wolverines traveled to Champaign, Illinois for a Halloween afternoon contest with the Illinois Fighting Illini. Illinois scored first midway through the first quarter with a 3-yard TD run by Arrelious Benn. Michigan tied it up with a 2-yard TD run by Carlos Brown. The Wolverines kicked two field goals in the second quarter, from 29 and 42 yards out respectively, making the score at halftime 13–7 in their favor.
For the second straight game, Michigan was held scoreless in the second half. Illinois held the Wolverines on a goal line stand; on the following possession, Illini RB Mikel LeShoure ran in a 70-yard TD. A few minutes later, London Davis caught a 2-yard TD pass. QB Isiah Williams ran in a TD himself from 3 yards out for Illinois' third score of the quarter. In the fourth quarter, Illinois kicked a 23-yard field goal and capped off their scoring with a 79-yard TD run by Jason Ford. It was Michigan's first loss at Illinois since 1983.
vs. Purdue.
In week 10, Michigan hosted the Purdue Boilermakers. In the first quarter, Purdue scored first with a 35-yard TD catch by Ralph Bolden. Michigan tied the score with a 29-yard TD run by Brandon Minor. Purdue retook the lead with a 41-yard field goal by Carson Wiggs. Michigan tied the score soon after with a 51-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Michigan scored 2 touchdowns: a 55-yard rush by Brandon Minor, and a 43-yard catch by Ray Roundtree, giving the Wolverines a 14-point advantage at halftime.
Once again, Michigan collapsed in the second half. In the third quarter, Purdue's Ralph Bolden scored his second TD of the game with a 19-yard run. Michigan QB Forcier responded with a 6-yard TD run, but the point after touchdown attempt failed. Ralph Bolden scored his third touchdown of the day soon after with a 10-yard rush. Next, Purdue's Cortez Smith caught a 54-yard TD pass. In the fourth quarter, Purdue QB Joey Elliot ran in an 8-yard TD. Michigan's Minor then ran in a TD from 1-yard out. The Wolverines attempted to tie the game but Forcier failed to reach the end zone on a 2-point conversion, sealing the victory for the Boilermakers. It was Michigan's first home loss to Purdue since 1966.
at Wisconsin.
For their final road game of the season, the Wolverines traveled to Madison, Wisconsin to play the Wisconsin Badgers. Wisconsin scored first with a 22-yard TD pass by Scott Tolzien to Garrett Graham. Michigan tied the score with a 21-yard Tate Forcier TD pass to Vincent Smith. In the second quarter, the teams traded the lead. First, Michigan took the lead with a 37-yard Jason Olesnavage field goal. Wisconsin then went ahead with an 8-yard TD pass to Nick Toon. Michigan went back ahead when Ryan Van Bergen picked up Scott Tolzien's fumble (forced by Brandon Graham) and ran it back 14 yards for a touchdown. Wisconsin responded with a 1-yard TD run by John Clay, making the halftime score 21–17 Wisconsin.
In the third quarter, Toon scored another TD off a 15-yard catch. Michigan responded with a 10-yard catch by Ray Roundtree. Wisconsin then scored 17 unanswered points, starting with a 7-yard TD catch by Lance Kendricks. In the fourth quarter the Badgers sealed their victory with a 1-yard TD run by Tolzien and a 28-yard field goal by Philip Welch.
The game was Michigan's third straight loss at Wisconsin. It was also Michigan's 6th straight conference loss, the first time this has happened since the 1958–59 seasons. The Wolverines' record fell to 5–6; they needed to win next week to become bowl eligibile.
vs. Ohio State.
In the last game of the season, Michigan hosted their arch rivals the No. 9 nationally ranked Ohio State Buckeyes, in the 106th meeting between the two teams. Ohio State scored first when Michigan QB Forcier fumbled while scrambling in the end zone; the ball was recovered by Ohio State's Cameron Heyward for a TD. Michigan's only score of the first half was a 46-yard field goal. Ohio State's Brandon Saine ran in a 29-yard TD late in the second quarter to make it 14–3 at halftime.
In the third quarter Michigan closed to within four off of Vincent Smith's 18-yard TD catch. Ohio State re-extended their lead to eleven a few minutes later with a 12-yard TD catch by Daniel Herron. Michigan attempted to come back in the fourth quarter, but all of their drives except the last were ended by interceptions. The Wolverines came closest with eight minutes left, when Forcier was intercepted in the end zone by Buckeye CB Devon Torrence. On their last play of the game, the Wolverines were penalized for being in an illegal formation with five players in the backfield; this penalty was declined, giving the ball back to Ohio State on downs and ending the game after the Buckeyes ran out the clock.
It was Ohio State's sixth straight win over Michigan, their longest winning streak of the series. QB Tate Forcier had perhaps his worst game this season, throwing four interceptions and turning over a fumble for a TD; prior to this game he had only thrown six interceptions all year. He became just the second Michigan quarterback to throw four interceptions against Ohio State in the last 60 years. Michigan's six-game losing streak to Ohio State is the third-longest streak to a single opponent in school history. The loss left Michigan's final record at 5–7, short of the six wins needed for bowl eligibility. During the game, Brandon Graham posted 5 solo tackles for a loss, to clinch the national statisitical championship.
Statistics.
The offense rebounded from their 2008 performance to finish third in the Big Ten in scoring. However, Michigan ranked last in the Big Ten and 115th out of 120 Football Bowl Subdivision schools in turnover margin.
Graham was the national statistical champion in tackles for a loss (TFL) per game. Mesko led the Big Ten in punting average and Graham led the conference in total tackles for a loss. Graham posted 26 TFLs in 12 games, which led the nation with 2.17 average tackles for a loss per game (ahead of conference rival O'Brien Schofield who was second with 1.884). Graham also defended his Big Ten total TFLs championship over Schofield by a 26–24.5 margin. Mesko led the Big Ten in punting average and was eighth in the nation with a 44.46 average.
The per game team rankings below include 120 Football Bowl Subdivision teams and 11 Big Ten Conference teams:
The per game rankings below include players who have played in 75% of team's games and are ranked in the top 100 national leaders and top 25 conference leaders:
Postseason recognition.
At the conclusion of the season, Graham earned the Chicago Tribune Silver Football Big Ten co-MVP award. Graham and Mesko earned numerous 2009 College Football All-America Team recognitions. Several Michigan players earned 2009 All-Big Ten Conference recognition: Graham and Mesko were first-team (coaches and media). Donovan Warren (first-team media and second-team coaches) and Schilling (honorable mention coaches and media) were also recognized. Mesko was a first-team Academic All-American. Graham also earned the MVP award at the January 30, 2010 Senior Bowl.
Graham was co-winner of the Chicago Tribune Silver Football as the Big Ten co-MVPs with Penn State's Daryll Clark, marking the first time the award has been shared. Three Michigan players, Warren (Junior cornerback), Brandon Graham (Senior defensive end), and Mesko (Senior punter) were named to the All Big Ten First Team, and Stephen Schilling (Senior left guard) received honorable mention. Offensive lineman David Moosman also received the Big Ten Sportsmanship Award. Mesko was one of fifteen FBS athletes selected as a first-team Academic All-American. Michigan had 10 athletes recognized as fall term of the 2009–10 Academic All-Conference selections for being letterwinners who are in at least their second academic year at their institution and carry a cumulative grade point average: Matt Cavanaugh, Jon Conover, John Ferrara, J.B. Fitzgerald, Will Heininger, Zac Johnson, Zoltan Mesko, Tim North, Jason Olesnavage, and Mike Therman. Seniors Zoltan Mesko (2nd team WCFF, Scout, Rivals, AP; honorable mention SI, CFN, PFW) and Brandon Graham (1st team Scout, Rivals; 2nd team WCFF, AP, SI, CFN; honorable mention PFW) were named All-Americans by the Walter Camp Football Foundation, Associated Press, "Sports Illustrated", "Pro Football Weekly", Rivals.com & Scout.com. Graham was also a first team selection by ESPN and a second team selection by the "Sporting News". Brandon Graham earned MVP honors at the January 30, 2010 Senior Bowl with five tackles, two sacks, one forced fumble.
In December 2009, Warren declared himself eligible for the 2010 NFL Draft. Other athletes to participate at the NFL Scouting Combine were Graham, Mesko and Minor. Graham, Mesko and Stevie Brown were drafted 13th, 150th and 251st overall, respectively. Warren went undrafted but signed with the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent.
2010 NFL Draft.
Co-captains Graham, Mesko and Brown were drafted in the 2010 NFL Draft, and immediately following the draft Donovan Warren was signed by the New York Jets. Other draft weekend free agent signees included Mathews and Brandon Minor with the Chicago Bears, Mark Ortmann with the Carolina Panthers, Moosman with the Arizona Cardinals and Carlos Brown with the New Orleans Saints.
Roster.
On December 12, 2008 RB Sam McGuffie announced he was leaving Michigan for a school closer to home because of family issues. On February 16, 2009, starting quarterback Steven Threet told Michigan he would transfer before the start of the 2009 season. On October 27, 2009, starting cornerback Boubacar Cissoko was kicked off the team for missing class, workouts and study table according to his high school coach Thomas Wilcher. He also stated that he expected Cissoko to seek a transfer.

</doc>
<doc id="20227385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227385" title="VPF">
VPF

VPF can be:

</doc>
<doc id="20227399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227399" title="Ajit Ninan">
Ajit Ninan

Ajit Ninan (born in 1955 in Hyderabad, India) is a well-known Indian political cartoonist, best known for drawing the "Centrestage" series of cartoons in India Today magazine and "Ninan's World" in the Times of India.
Ajit Ninan currently lives in New Delhi, where he works for the Times of India.

</doc>
<doc id="20227418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227418" title="Emperor Otto">
Emperor Otto

Emperor Otto may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20227419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227419" title="Transmembrane channels">
Transmembrane channels

Transmembrane channels, also called membrane channels, are pores within the lipid bilayer of the cell membrane. The channels are formed by large protein complexes that run across the membrane connecting the cytosol, or cytoplasm, to the extracellular matrix. Transmembrane channels are also found in the membranes of organelles including the nucleus, mitochondria and lysosome.
Transmembrane channels differ from transporters and pumps in several ways; channels are not as selective as transporters and pumps, differentiating solutes primarily by size and ionic charge. Channels perform passive transport of materials also known as facilitated diffusion. Transporters can carry out either passive or active transfer of materials while pumps require energy to act.
There are several modes by which membrane channels operate. The most common is the gated channel which requires a trigger, such as a change in membrane potential in voltage-gated channels, to unlock or lock the pore opening. Voltage-gated channels are critical to the production of an action potential in neurons resulting in a nerve impulse. A ligand-gated channel requires a chemical, such as a neurotransmitter, to activate the channel. Stress-gated channels require a mechanical force applied to the channel for opening. Aquaporins are dedicated channels for the movement of water across the hydrophobic interior of the cell membrane.
Ion channels are a type of transmembrane channel responsible for the passive transport of positively charged ions (sodium, potassium, calcium, hydrogen and magnesium) and negatively charged ions (chloride) and, can be either gated or ligand-gated channels. One of the best studied ion channels is the potassium ion channel. The potassium ion channel can allow rapid movement of potassium ions while being selective against sodium. Using X-ray diffraction data and atomic model computations a likely structure of the channel consists of a number of protein alpha-helixes forming an hourglass shaped pore with the narrowest point halfway through the membrane's lipid bilayer. To move through the channel the potassium ions must shed their aqueous matrix and enter a selectivity filter composed of carbonyl oxygens. The potassium ions pass through one atom at a time along five different cation (positively charged ion) binding sites.
Diseases caused by ion channel malfunctions include cystic fibrosis where the channel for the chloride ion will not open or is missing in the cells of the lungs, intestine, pancreas, liver and skin. The cells can no longer regulate salt and water concentrations resulting in the symptoms typical of the disease. Additional disorders resulting from malfunctions in ion channels include forms of epilepsy, cardiac arrhythmia, certain types of periodic paralysis and ataxia.

</doc>
<doc id="20227426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227426" title="Tumbes round stingray">
Tumbes round stingray

The Tumbes round stingray, "Urobatis tumbesensis", is a little-known species of round ray, family Urolophidae, known only from two immature male specimens collected from estuarine waters at depths of 1–2 meters, and a third specimen collected in 2006 near mangroves. Its range appears to be limited to coastal waters off Tumbes in northern Peru, where it is found partially buried in sand or mud. The larger of the original two specimens measured 40.4 cm long and the smaller 15.7 cm.
Like other round rays, the Tumbes round stingray has a rounded pectoral fin disc, slightly wider than it is long. The tail is stout, bearing a serrated stinging spine, and terminates in a rounded caudal fin. The pelvic fins have abruptly rounded tips. The teeth have narrowly oval bases and no elevated cusps. The dorsal surface is covered uniformly by dermal denticles on stellate bases, becoming larger towards the midline of the disc; the underside is smooth. There are also thorns on the dorsal surface of the disc and tail. The dorsal coloration consists of ochre vermiculations separating brownish-white oval or circular spots about the size of the eye, becoming more distinct towards the margin of the disc and on the pelvic fins. The denticles and tail spine are ochre-colored, and the underside is light tan with a dark border along the edge of the disc. The coloration, denticles and several proportional measurements distinguish the Tumbes round stingray from other "Urobatis" species.
Due to its highly restricted distribution and shallow inshore habitat, this species merits conservation concern. Information is needed on whether this species is being affected by fisheries activities in its range.

</doc>
<doc id="20227449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227449" title="Silesian Regional Assembly">
Silesian Regional Assembly

The Silesian Regional Assembly () is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of Silesian, Poland. It is a unicameral body consists of forty-eight councillors elected for a 4-year term. The current chairperson of the assembly is Piotr Zienc.
Districts.
Members of the Assembly are elected from seven districts, serve four-year terms. Districts does not have the constituencies formal names. Instead, each constituency has a number and territorial description.

</doc>
<doc id="20227456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227456" title="Socialist Left (Germany)">
Socialist Left (Germany)

The Socialist Left (, SL) is a political caucus in the Left Party of Germany. It includes political viewpoints ranging from left Keynesianism and left social democracy to reform communism and Marxism. SL members share a common goal of orienting the Left Party firmly toward the labor movement.
Socialist Left was founded on August 19, 2006 in Wuppertal at a meeting of 50 delegates. Most of its members were initially members of the Labor and Social Justice Alternative, and its membership was centered in West Germany. Following the merger of the WASG with the Party of Democratic Socialism to form the Left Party, the SL formed a tendency of the new party.
The position papers of the SL, "Sozialistische Linke: realistisch und radikal!", summarizes the group's views: "Progressive social changes, in our belief, can only be achieved through interactions between the political forces and extraparliamentary social movements. Most important are therefore the trade unions." The SL has strongly endorsed the campaign for a German minimum wage law. They support demand-side economic policies, as well as public investment in "educational, social, ecological and transportation infrastructure." "Reforms and the struggle for a socialist society are not contradictory," the SL position papers state. "Economic and social regulation, social-welfare structures, as well as the achievements of representative democracy can be the starting point for large changes to society." The organization is particularly sympathetic to the Dutch Socialist Party and the Italian Communist Refoundation Party, both of which have a strong trade-union orientation.
A number of Socialist Left members are prominent in the Left Party, German trade unions and the Bundestag. SL members include Ursula Lötzer (Bundestag member and Left Party spokesperson on international economic policy); Ralf Krämer (Secretary of the ver.di union's National Committee); and Hüseyin Kenan Aydın (a Turkish-born member of the Bundestag and secretary of the IG Metall union in Düsseldorf).
Adherents of the Trotskyist group Marx21 are among the leading members of the Socialist Left, especially in Berlin. Marx21 leaders Christine Buchholz and Lucia Schnell are particiularly active in the SL.

</doc>
<doc id="20227461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227461" title="Liljana Lučić">
Liljana Lučić

Liljana Lučić (born in 1953 in Belgrade, Serbia). Lučić studied Sociology at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy. Her professional career she spent working as a Professor and Consultant at the Federal Agency for International Cultural and Educational Co-operation in Belgrade.
She has been a member of the Democratic Party since 1992. She has been elected to serve as the President of the Executive Committee, the Secretary of the Party and also as Vice-President of the Democratic Party. She is currently a member of the General Committee of the Party.
She was a Member of the National Assembly of Serbia from the Democratic Party list between 1993 and 1997. From 2000 to 2006 she was a Member of Federal Assembly of Yugoslavia and Assembly of the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro. She was a delegate from the Assembly of State Union of Serbia and Montenegro to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe.
In the Government of Serbia (2001-2004) she served as the Deputy Minister for Social Affairs. In July 2008 she was appointed State Secretary for Social Policy in the Ministry for Work and Social Policy.

</doc>
<doc id="20227466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227466" title="María Elena">
María Elena

María Elena is a Chilean city and commune in Tocopilla Province, Antofagasta Region. According to the 2002 census, the commune population was 7,530 and has an area of .
History.
Maria Elena is named after Mary Ellen Comdon, wife of the first saltpeter refinery office ("oficina salitre") manager, Elias Cappelens. Originally, the name of the office was "Coya Norte". Situated on land purchased from the Treasury in 1924, the plant was inaugurated in 1926 with the sodium nitrate extraction system patented by the Guggenheim Brothers, which replaced the Shanks system. Its layout was made on the basis of the flag of the United Kingdom. Together with the former refinery at Pedro de Valdivia built in 1931, they were the largest saltpeter refineries with a combined output of over one million tons per year.
In 1965 both were taken over by the state, through "Sociedad Química y Minera" (SQM or "Chemistry and Mining Society", which was privatized in 1980. This privatization explains why most people's land and buildings are owned by SQM and not the Chilean state.
In 1996, it became the only active mining community in the country after the closure of the saltpeter office at Pedro de Valdivia. After the closure of the latter office, many workers and their families were relocated to Maria Elena.
On November 14, 2007, the 7.7 Mw Tocopilla earthquake with an epicenter north of Maria Elena, devastated the area. Almost all the town's old houses collapsed or were rendered uninhabitable, and the local hospital almost completely collapsed with no loss of life or injuries
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute María Elena had 7,530 inhabitants; of these, 7,412 (98.4%) lived in urban areas and 118 (1.6%) in rural areas. At that time, there were 4,298 men and 3,232 women. By 2002, the population had fallen 44.9% (124,130 persons) since the 1992 census of 13,660.
The commune of María Elena is composed of six census districts.
"Source": INE 2007 report, "Territorial division of Chile"
Administration.
As a commune, María Elena is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Jorge Godoy Bolvarán (PS), and the council has the following members:
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, María Elena is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Marcos Espinosa (PRSD) and Felipe Ward (UDI) as part of the 3rd electoral district, (together with Tocopilla, Calama, Ollagüe and San Pedro de Atacama). The commune is represented in the Senate by Carlos Cantero Ojeda (Ind.) and José Antonio Gómez (PRSD) as part of the 2nd senatorial constituency (Antofagasta Region).

</doc>
<doc id="20227485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227485" title="Li Mi (chancellor)">
Li Mi (chancellor)

Li Mi (李泌) (722 – April 1, 789), courtesy name Changyuan (長源), formally the Marquess of Ye County (鄴縣侯), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty. He was a trusted advisor to three emperors — Emperor Suzong, Emperor Suzong's son Emperor Daizong, and Emperor Daizong's son Emperor Dezong — but declined to formally serve in the governments of Emperors Suzong and Daizong, serving only as Emperor Dezong's chancellor. He was a highly controversial figure in historians' commentaries, as he was viewed by some historians as frivolous and eccentric, while others praised him for his genius in matters of foreign policy and military matters.
Background.
Li Mi was born in 722, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His family was from the Tang Dynasty capital Chang'an, but his ancestors claimed order from Liaodong Peninsula and further claimed ancestry from the Warring States period state Qin (the precursor to Qin Dynasty) official Li Tan (李曇) and Li Tan's son, the Zhao prime minister Li Qi (李齊). Their traceable ancestry included officials of Han Dynasty, Jin Dynasty (265-420), Later Yan, Northern Wei, and Northern Zhou. Li Mi's father Li Chengxiu (李承休) was a county magistrate.
During Emperor Xuanzong's reign.
It was said that Li Mi could read and write by age six, and that in his youth, he was known for his intelligence and dexterity. That year, when Emperor Xuanzong put out a general order requesting people to recommend those well-versed in Buddhism, Taoism, and Confucianism, the officials all recommended those whom they knew. An eight-year-old named Yuan Chu (員俶), a grandson of the great scholar Yuan Banqian (員半千) and a cousin to Li Mi (Yuan Chu's mother was a sister to Li Chengxiu), particularly impressed Emperor Xuanzong. When Emperor Xuanzong asked Yuan Chu whether he knew anyone else like him, Yuan Chu replied that Li Mi was one. Emperor Xuanzong thus summoned Li Mi. When Li Mi arrived, Emperor Xuanzong was playing Go with the high level official Zhang Shuo the Duke of Yan, and Zhang, wanting to test the child, asked to make up a poem comparing Go to life and recite it. Zhang then recited the poem that he thought of on the spot, and Li Mi immediately followed with one of his own. Both Emperor Xuanzong and Zhang were amazed, and Zhang congratulated Emperor Xuanzong on finding a divine child. Emperor Xuanzong gave Li Mi an award and honored his household. He also had Li Mi associate with his son Li Jun the Prince of Zhong.
Li Mi became learned in the Confucian classics and the histories, but was particularly well-learned in the "I Ching". He was also a talented writer and wrote poems well, and he had great ambitions to assist emperors. He was honored by officials such as Zhang Jiuling, Wei Xuxin (韋虛心), and Zhang Tinggui (張廷珪). Zhang Jiuling, in particular, treated him as a friend notwithstanding the age and position differences. Li Mi, however, did not like to be restricted by governmental regulations, and as he grew older often journeyed among Mount Song, Mount Hua, and the Qinling Mountains, seeking out for the alchemist arts that could lead to eternal life. During the middle of Emperor Xuanzong's "Tianbao" era (742-756), Li Mi submitted a petition from Mount Song discussing the affairs of state. Emperor Xuanzong, remembering the meetings when he was young, summoned him to Chang'an and made Li Mi an attendant to Li Jun — whose name had been changed to Li Heng by that point and who had become crown prince. However, after Li Mi wrote some poems satirizing such powerful figures as Yang Guozhong and An Lushan, Yang became displeased and requested that Li Mi be exiled to Qichun Commandery (蘄春, in modern Huanggang, Hubei). Only after a pardon was Li Mi allowed to return to Chang'an. Thereafter, he took no governmental positions and became a hermit at Yingyang (潁陽, in modern Zhengzhou, Henan).
During Emperor Suzong's reign.
In 755, An Lushan rebelled at Fanyang, and by summer 756, forces of his new state of Yan reached Chang'an, forcing Emperor Xuanzong to flee to Chengdu. Li Heng, however, did not follow Emperor Xuanzong to Chengdu, but instead fled to Lingwu, where he was declared emperor (as Emperor Suzong). He summoned Li Mi to Lingwu to serve as an advisor, and Li Mi did so. It was said that they spent so much together discussing the affairs of the military and the state that they often slept in the same bedroom, just like the times when Emperor Suzong was just a prince. It was said that Emperor Suzong consulted Li Mi on every matter, including military commissions. He wanted to make Li Mi "Zhongshu Ling" (中書令) — the head of the legislative bureau of government (中書省) and a post considered one for a chancellor — but Li Mi declined, stating, "I find it much more honored that Your Imperial Majesty treats me as a guest and a friend, than as a chancellor. Why do you want me to take an inferior position?"
Thereafter, when Emperor Suzong wanted to make his son Li Tan the Prince of Jianning, who was known for his military talent, the supreme commander of the armed forces, Li Mi pointed out that awkwardness would then come to the issue of imperial succession given that Li Tan was younger than his brother Li Chu the Prince of Guangping. Emperor Suzong agreed and gave the title of supreme commander to Li Chu instead. Li Tan, however, did not resent Li Mi for this and thanked Li Mi for his suggestion. It was said that at that time, the soldiers, whenever they saw Emperor Suzong and Li Mi surveying the troops together, the soldiers would comment: "The one who wears the yellow robe is the holy one [(i.e., emperor)]. The one who wears the white robe is the mystical one." Emperor Suzong, hearing this, told Li Mi to put on the purple robe of a high level official, and Li Mi reluctantly agreed. Subsequently, Emperor Suzong gave him the title of imperial advisor (侍謀軍國, "Shimou Junguo") as well as Li Chu's secretary general. From that point on, he and Li Chu would rotate to be on duty at the army headquarters, ready to act on the generals' reports; when Li Chu was attending to Emperor Suzong, Li Mi would be at headquarters, and when Li Mi was attending to Emperor Suzong, Li Chu would be at headquarters. Emperor Suzong also gave the keys to the makeshift palace to Li Chu and Li Mi. Whenever there were generals' requests that needed immediate action, Li Chu and Li Mi would act on them, and whenever further approval from Emperor Suzong were necessary, they would take them to the palace and submit to Emperor Suzong through a slot in the door. In fall 756, at Li Mi's suggestion, Emperor Suzong moved his headquarters from Lingwu to Pengyuan (彭原, in modern Qingyang, Gansu), to better coordinate the troops coming to his aid.
Also in fall 756, however, Li Mi and Li Tan both offended Emperor Suzong's favorite concubine Consort Zhang. Emperor Suzong had been considering creating Consort Zhang empress, but, as Li Mi advised him that it was inappropriate to do so before he had a chance to seek the approval of Emperor Xuanzong (whom he honored as "Taishang Huang" (retired emperor)), he decided to wait. Meanwhile, however, around this time Emperor Xuanzong sent Consort Zhang a saddle with seven kinds of jewels studded on it as a gift. Li Mi opined that in the difficult times, it would be inappropriate for her to use such a luxurious item, and therefore suggested instead that the jewels be removed and rewarded to those soldiers with accomplishments. Emperor Suzong agreed — and Li Tan publicly praised the decision, causing Consort Zhang to thereafter bear much resentment toward Li Mi and Li Tan. Meanwhile, in winter 756, after the chancellor Fang Guan failed to recapture Chang'an and suffered heavy losses, Emperor Suzong initially wanted to punish Fang, but at Li Mi's intercession, did not do so.
Meanwhile, Li Mi also suggested to Emperor Suzong his plan of destroying Yan:
Emperor Suzong was happy about the plan. Meanwhile, however, Consort Zhang entered into an alliance with Emperor Suzong's trusted eunuch Li Fuguo, and together the two became powerful inside the palace, purportedly carrying out much misdeeds. Li Tan considered trying to kill them, and despite Li Mi's advice to the contrary, Li Tan did not stop his planning. In 757, Consort Zhang and Li Fuguo struck first, accusing Li Tan of plotting to kill Li Chu, and Emperor Suzong, believing their accusation, forced Li Tan to commit suicide. This caused Li Chu and Li Mi to be fearful of her as well, although at Li Mi's urging, Li Chu did not himself try to kill them. Around this time, Emperor Suzong also consulted Li Mi on what his thoughts were on how to reward the generals after Yan's destruction, and LI Mi advocated that the generals be given fiefdoms so that they would want to pass them to their descendants. (Emperor Suzong initially agreed, but the plan was never actually implemented in Emperor Suzong's reign or after.)
Later in spring 757, Emperor Suzong advanced to Fengxiang (鳳翔, in modern Baoji, Shaanxi). Aid troops from Anxi Circuit (安西, headquartered in modern Aksu Prefecture, Xinjiang, as well as Xiyu states, were arriving, and Li Mi, as he had previously suggested, advocated that the troops be sent to attack Fanyang first, to root out Yan's power base, before attempts should be made to recapture Chang'an and Luoyang. This time, however, Emperor Suzong overruled him, stating that he wanted to capture Chang'an as soon as possible to welcome Emperor Xuanzong back to the capital, despite Li Mi's objections that doing so would prolong the rebellion in that the Anxi and Xiyu troops could not bear the heat and would be worn out after recapturing Chang'an and Luoyang. (As it turned out, whether it was due to Emperor Suzong's decision to overrule Li Mi or not, the rebellion would not be completely put down until 763.)
In summer 757, with major aid from Huige, Tang forces commanded by Li Chu recaptured Chang'an. Emperor Suzong entered Chang'an and sent messengers to bring Li Mi to Chang'an. Upon Li Mi's arrival in Chang'an, Emperor Suzong informed Li Mi that he had sent messengers to Emperor Xuanzong requesting that he return to Chang'an and offering the throne back to Emperor Xuanzong. Li Mi pointed out that this would cause Emperor Xuanzong to be apprehensive as to Emperor Suzong's sincerity, and as LI Mi predicted, Emperor Xuanzong initially not only declined but further requested to remain in Jiannan Circuit (劍南, headquartered in modern Chengdu). Only after Emperor Suzong, at Li Mi's suggestion, had the government officials make a joint submission to Emperor Xuanzong no longer mentioning the return of the throne, did Emperor Xuanzong agree to depart Jiannan to return to Chang'an.
Thereafter, Li Mi requested to resign his positions and return to the mountains as a hermit. Emperor Suzong was surprised and stated to Li MI that this was time for him to be rewarded. Li Mi stated that if he stayed, he would die because people (apparently referring to Consort Zhang and Li Fuguo, although his biography in the "New Book of Tang" also referred to the chancellor Cui Yuan) would be jealous of him for five reasons — that he had too long of an association with Emperor Suzong; that Emperor Suzong trusted him too much; that Emperor Suzong treated him too well; that he had too much accomplishments; and that their friendship was too legendary. Emperor Suzong initially guessed that the real reason for his wanting to leave was Emperor Suzong's refusal to follow his advice on attacking Fanyang first, but Li MI then stated that it was because of Li Tan's death. He argued to Emperor Suzong that Li Tan was innocent, and that by this point, there would surely be false accusations against Li Chu as well, and that he should not listen to them. With Li Mi insisting on resigning, Emperor Suzong allowed him to return to hermit life at Mount Heng, and had the local government there build him a hermitage and supply him with supplies due a high level official (of the third rank). While he was at his hermitage, he got into the habit of using pine branches to make back supports, and on one occasion, when he saw one in the shape of a dragon, he sent it to Emperor Suzong as a gift.
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
Emperor Suzong died in 762 and was succeeded by Li Chu (as Emperor Daizong), whose name had been changed to Li Yu by this point. Li Mi remained a hermit at Mount Heng, but later, Emperor Daizong sent eunuchs to Mount Heng to summon him to Chang'an. When Li Mi arrived, Emperor Daizong built him a study next to the palace, and, while he gave Li Mi a purple robe to wear again, he and Li Mi often met in civilian clothes, and he consulted Li Mi on major decisions. He also had the powerful eunuch Yu Chao'en build Li Mi a vacation home. He wanted to make Li Mi a chancellor, but Li Mi declined. At one Duanwu Festival, however, when officials were offering gifts to Emperor Daizong, Emperor Daizong demanded a gift from Li Mi — himself. He wanted Li Mi, who had been a vegetarian and celibate and also abstained from alcohol, to marry, observe a normal diet, and become an official. Under persuasion from Emperor Daizong, Li Mi agreed and married a Lady Lu, a niece of the deceased general Li Wei (李暐). Emperor Daizong further bestowed him a mansion and but continued to have him live part of the time in the palace. In 768, after consulting with Li Mi, he posthumously honored Li Tan an emperor.
In 770, Emperor Daizong, in conjunction with the chancellor Yuan Zai, killed Yu. Thereafter, Yuan became jealous of Li Mi's close association with the emperor and accused Li Mi of having been Yu's associate. Emperor Daizong, not wanting to be in a confrontation with Yuan, sent Li Mi to Jiangxi Circuit (江西, headquartered in modern Nanchang, Jiangxi) to serve as the secretary to Jiangxi's governor Wei Shaoyou (魏少遊). After Yuan was executed in 777 for corruption, Emperor Daizong recalled Li Mi to the capital. However, soon, the new chancellor Chang Gun, also jealous of Li Mi, requested to have Li Mi sent out to be a prefectural prefect — arguing that if Li Mi were to become a chancellor in the future, he should have administrative experience. Emperor Daizong agreed, and in 779 sent Li Mi out to be the prefect of Li Prefecture (澧州, in modern Changde, Hunan), as well as serving as the commander of the prefectural militia of two neighboring prefectures.
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
Prior to chancellorship.
In 779, Emperor Daizong died and was succeeded by his son Emperor Dezong. Li Mi had previously taught Emperor Dezong, who was then the Prince of Fengjie, when Emperor Suzong was at Lingwu. However, Emperor Dezong did not recall Li Mi initially. By 784, when rebellions by Zhu Ci and Li Huaiguang forced Emperor Dezong to flee to Liang Prefecture (梁州, in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi), Li Mi was serving as the prefect of Hang Prefecture (杭州, in modern Hangzhou, Zhejiang). Emperor Dezong summoned Li Mi; Li Mi and Du Ya (杜亞), the prefect of neighboring Mu Prefecture (睦州, also in modern Hangzhou), thus reported to Liang Prefecture. After Zhu's rebellion was destroyed later in the year, allowing Emperor Dezong to return to Chang'an, Emperor Dezong made Li Mi "Zuo Sanqi Changshi" (左散騎常侍), a high level consultant at the examination bureau (門下省, "Menxia Sheng"). It was said that other officials and the public were all piqued and ready to see what Li Mi would advise the emperor about. At that time, Emperor Dezong was concerned that Li Huaiguang, who was then controlling the region of Hezhong Municipality (河中, in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi), would continue to create problems for the imperial government, but Li Mi pointed out that Li Huaiguang himself lacked powerful messages to keep his subordinates obedient to him, apparently alleviating some of Emperor Dezong's concerns. Li Mi further spoke on behalf of Han Huang, the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Zhenhai Circuit (鎮海, headquartered in modern Zhenjiang, Jiangsu), whom Emperor Dezong had been suspicious of, and subsequently, Emperor Dezong sent messengers, including Han Huang's son Han Gao (韓皐), to Zhenhai to show that he had no further apprehensions of Han Huang. Han Huang, in gratitude, sent the imperial government a large supply of rice, allowing the Chang'an region to recover from a major famine.
In 785, after Zhang Quan (張勸), the military governor of Shanguo Circuit (陝虢, headquartered in modern Sanmenxia, Henan), was assassinated by his subordinate Daxi Baohui (達奚抱暉) and Daxi took over the circuit, Emperor Dezong, concerned that Daxi Baohui would join Li Huaiguang, sent Li Mi to Shanguo to try to calm the situation. Li Mi, initially claiming that he was only there to make sure that the food supplies would continue to flow through the circuit to Chang'an, initially promised that he would recommend Daxi to succeed Zhang. However, after he settled the situation down, he secretly persuaded Daxi that the only way for him to save himself was to flee. Daxi did so, and Li Mi took over the circuit. Emperor Dezong gave him the title of defender (防禦使, "Fangyushi") rather than military governor. In 786, Li Mi built a new road to allow supply shipment over land, to avoid the rapids where the Wei River flowed into the Yellow River. In 787, when soldiers sent from Huaixi Circuit (淮西, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan) to join the defense against Tufan in the west suddenly mutinied and tried to head back to Huaixi, pillaging on the way, Li Mi intercepted them and crushed them.
Chancellorship.
Later in 787, Emperor Dezong summoned Li Mi back to Chang'an and made him "Zhongshu Shilang" (中書侍郎), the deputy head of the legislative bureau. He also gave Li Mi the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto", and created him the Marquess of Ye. At their first meeting with Li Mi as chancellor, and with other chancellors Li Sheng, Ma Sui, and Liu Hun present as well, Emperor Dezong wanted Li Mi to promise not to carry past grudges against those who had harmed him, and Li Mi, after stating that he had no real enemies and that such persons who had been jealous of him as Li Fuguo and Yuan Zai had already died, in turn wanted Emperor Dezong to promise the safety of both Li Sheng and Ma Sui — both of whom had been instrumental in ending the rebellions and restoring his rule, against any false accusations that might be made against them. Emperor Dezong agreed.
Li Mi immediately presented to Emperor Dezong the proposal to reverse cuts in the ranks of the governmental officials that fellow chancellor Zhang Yanshang had carried out, pointing out that the reduced ranks were unable to carry out the affairs of government. He also refused Emperor Dezong's attempts to divide governmental responsibilities between chancellors — pointing out that chancellors should oversee all government affairs. Emperor Dezong agreed to both of his proposals.
Meanwhile, Zhang, who had a grudge against Li Shuming (李叔明) the military governor of Dongchuan Circuit (東川, headquartered in modern Mianyang, Sichuan), discovered that Li Shuming's son Li Shēng (李昇, note different tone than the famous general), along with several other young officials, were often secretly visiting Emperor Dezong's aunt Princess Gao, whose daughter was the wife and crown princess of Emperor Dezong's son and crown prince Li Song. He informed this to Emperor Dezong, intimating that Li Shēng was having an affair with Princess Gao. When Emperor Dezong asked Li Mi to investigate this, however, Li Mi correctly guessed that it was Zhang who informed Emperor Dezong of this and suggested no investigation, pointing out that Zhang's accusations also appeared to be intended to endanger Li Song. Emperor Dezong agreed, and thereafter moved Li Shēng to the position of head of Li Song's household, away from Princess Gao.
Meanwhile, with the public owing much tax debt, Li Mi suggested the granting of a general tax amnesty if the people would admit to what they owed and paid a fraction thereof. Emperor Dezong agreed, and it was said that the amnesty helped the treasury to recover much of its losses. He also required the emissaries from foreign states — who had stayed in Chang'an ever since An Lushan's rebellion but who continued to receive stipends from the Tang government — to make an election whether to return home or to become Tang citizens and not receive the diplomat stipends. The emissaries all decided to stay despite the lack of stipends; they largely became military officers and soldiers, strengthening the imperial guard corps while reducing public expense.
Emperor Dezong and Li Mi discussed the return to the corvée conscription system — which had been used early in Tang history but had been abolished by the time of Emperor Xuanzong. Li Mi, who had initially advocated for its return, by that point was pointing out that the treasury could not afford paying the expenses of such a system. He instead proposed using various measures, including the offers of free land, to encourage soldiers to settle on the borders with Tufan and become farmer-soldiers. Emperor Dezong agreed, and with the offers of free land, it was said that some 50% to 60% of soldiers sent to the Tufan frontier decided to stay in the region. After Liu was removed in late 787, Li Mi was effectively the sole chancellor, with no other civilian officials carrying chancellor title. (Ma, Li Shèng, and Hun Zhen carried chancellor titles but were generals.)
By late 787, the matters with Princess Guo flared up, as she continued her affairs with Li Shēng and the other young officers, but was exposed in her affairs by other nobles. She was also accused of using witchcraft against Emperor Dezong. Emperor Dezong, in anger, imprisoned her, and further suspected Li Song of being complicit. Li Song, in fear, divorced Princess Guo's daughter Crown Princess Xiao, but Emperor Dezong continued to be incensed, considering deposing Li Song and replacing Li Song with another son Li Yi (李誼) the Prince of Shu — who was actually his biological nephew, whom he adopted after Li Yi's biological father, his brother Li Miao (李邈) the Prince of Zheng, died early. Li Mi earnestly protested Li Song's innocence, and at one point appeared to be at the risk of being the object of Emperor Dezong's wrath himself. Eventually, Emperor Dezong's wrath subsided, particularly after Li Mi pointed out the example of what happened to Li Tan, and Li Song was spared.
Meanwhile, Emperor Dezong complained that he had insufficient funds for use in the palace. Li Mi instituted a new system where a part of the tax revenues were designated for the emperor's personal use, to try to stop Emperor Dezong from personally extracting tributes from local governments — as that was causing the local officials to in turn extract them from the people, above and beyond the regular tax burden. However, even with Li Mi's new budgeting, Emperor Dezong continued to demand tributes from local governments and further instructed them not to inform Li Mi. When Li Mi found out, he was upset, but chose not to try to stop Emperor Dezong again.
Also in late 787, Li Mi finally proposed his plan for counterattacks against Tufan — enter alliances with Huige, Nanzhao, and the Abbasid Caliphate, with the alliance with Huige being the most urgent. However, Emperor Dezong hated the Huige, ever since several of his attendants were tortured and killed by Huige's Maoyu Khan Yaoluoge Yidijian (藥羅葛移地健) in 762 while he was still a prince, and therefore refused. Only after repeated attempts by Li Mi that that grudge should not be borne against the current khan, the Hegu Khan Yaoluoge Dunmohe (藥羅葛頓莫賀) as well as repeated analyses of how crucial the Huige alliance would be did Emperor Dezong agree — particularly after Li Mi, who had strong friendships with both Yaoluoge Dunmohe and the Huige chancellor Baipodi (白婆帝), extracted promises from Yaoluoge Dunmohe to submit to Tang as a subject, as a matter of formality. Emperor Dezong was pleased, and subsequently, the treaty was cemented with the betrothal of Emperor Dezong's daughter Princess Xian'an to Yaoluoge Dunmohe. Meanwhile, Li Mi requested to have another chancellor named, but Emperor Dezong declined, pointing out that he could not find another person with the same talent.
By 789, Li Mi was seriously ill, and only then did Emperor Dezong agree to name more chancellors. At Li Mi's recommendation, Emperor Dezong made Dong Jin and Dou Can chancellors as well. Li Mi died soon thereafter.
Historians' views of Li Mi.
The historians' views on Li Mi were highly mixed. The editors of the "Book of Tang" did not view Li Mi's chancellorship highly, believing that he lacked contributes while serving as chancellor and criticizing him for his Taoist beliefs and frequent discussions of Taoism, although it referred to Li Mi as highly intelligent with good ideas. The lead editor, the Later Jin Dynasty historian Liu Xu, commented:
The lead editor of the "New Book of Tang", the Song Dynasty historian Ouyang Xiu, was more complimentary, although he was also critical of Li Mi, believing that he became chancellor in Emperor Dezong's reign only because Emperor Dezong became more superstitious as his reign went on:
Contrary to the "Book of Tang" and the "New Book of Tang", which had relatively skimpy records of Li Mi's deeds, Sima Guang, also of Song Dynasty, included extensive records of Li Mi's contributions in his "Zizhi Tongjian" — but personally wrote only a short comment about Li Mi, stating:
The commentator to the "Zizhi Tongjian", Hu Sanxing, toward the end of Song Dynasty, was in turn very complimentary of Li Mi, believing that his dabbling in Taoism was a way to avoid getting in danger, while making exceptional contributions during the reigns of three emperors. His view was shared by the modern historian Bo Yang, who even ranked Li Mi to be the most talented Chinese chancellor since Wang Meng. Bo was particularly complimentary of Li Mi's suggestions that led to the gradual alleviation of Tufan attacks against Tang.

</doc>
<doc id="20227496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227496" title="Delaware Wing Civil Air Patrol">
Delaware Wing Civil Air Patrol

The Delaware Wing Civil Air Patrol is the highest echelon of Civil Air Patrol (CAP) in the state of Delaware. Delaware Wing headquarters is located at the New Castle County Airport. It comprises eight squadrons from Claymont to Georgetown, and a unit just over the border in Elkton, MD.
Delaware Wing is abbreviated as DEWG. As a federally chartered organization, CAP has 3 primary missions as instructed by congress. The missions include providing aerospace education and training for all of its members, teaching leadership skills to Delaware youth, and performing various domestic emergency services for the United States of America in a noncombatant capacity.
History.
Delaware Wing has a long CAP history since CAP's inception in 1941. Delaware is home to one of the original "Coastal Patrol" units, based in Rehoboth Beach. Using private aircraft, the "Flying Minute Men" patrolled the Atlantic Ocean for German submarines. They operated off of a small, unpaved airport near Airport Road in Delaware. Civil Air Patrol planes that crashed in the line of duty while patrolling the East Coast during World War II were hauled to the historical Dover Post building, which was an aircraft hangar at the time.
Missions.
Delaware Wing works in all three CAP missions: Cadet Programs, Aerospace Education, and Emergency Services. Most notably, Delaware Wing regularly assists DelDOT through the use of CAP planes, including Cessna 172 Skyhawks and Cessna 182 Skylanes. Delaware Wing has six corporate aircraft, one of which is a state-of-the-art Cessna 182 with a Glass Cockpit. For example, CAP aircraft monitor traffic during the Sprint Cup Series at Dover International Speedway in Dover, DE. In addition, CAP aircraft monitors daily traffic volume and reports to DelDOT road blockages from downed trees or a major accident, street and highway flooding, collapsed or washed-out bridges, and weekend beach traffic. By working closely with DelDOT, responders can be dispatched promptly and road crews can be summoned to block off accident sites while rerouting traffic if necessary.
Delaware Wing has excelled in the National Cadet Competition, where the top CAP cadets across the country compete. Diamond Flight Drill Team, Delaware Wing's team, has won one National competition and numerous regional competitions. Delaware Wing annually holds in a Wing Picnic held at Fort Dupont, Cadet Ball, Wing Conference, and Rocket Launch. Held in January, the annual Cadet Ball, hosted by the Delaware Wing Cadet Advisory Council, draws seventy cadets each year from Delaware and neighboring wings. The Delaware Wing Conference and Banquet, held in March, analyzes the accomplishments of the previous year and sets goals for the upcoming year. Notable guest speakers make the conference worthwhile to attend and various awards are presented during the day. During the 2006 Wing Conference and Banquet, Mary Feik and Judge M. Jane Brady, a Superior Court judge, were the guest speakers. At the banquet in the evening, major CAP milestone awards are presented and select CAP members are promoted to new ranks. 
In May, CAP members assist the Delaware AeroSpace Education Foundation in launching model rockets of various sizes (many as large as six feet tall) at Cape Henlopen State Park during Rockets for Delaware. Often, CAP cadets will choose to camp there the night before to enhance their skills in Emergency Services.
Delaware Wing Cadet Advisory Council.
The Delaware Wing Cadet Advisory Council (CAC) consists of 10 cadets from across Delaware Wing to promote and further cadet activities in Delaware. Each of the 7 cadet squadrons in Delaware Wing elects one primary representative and one alternate representative to attend the monthly CAC meetings. In addition, the CAC representatives elect the Chair, Vice Chair, and Recorder, who heads the monthly meetings and writes the agenda and minutes. Also, the Delaware Wing CAC elects members to the Middle East Region Cadet Advisory Council.
Recent accomplishments of the Delaware Wing Cadet Advisory Council include designing and sell hoodies to raise money to support various cadet activities. Also, the CAC organizes the extremely popular Cadet Ball, held at The Landings at Dover Air Force Base.
Encampment and National Cadet Special Activities.
Delaware Wing coordinates with Maryland Wing and National Capital to hold Tri-Wing Encampment every year at Camp Frettered, Maryland. Delaware Wing is one of the few wings who does not have its own encampment due to its small population and area.
In addition, Delaware Wing cadets frequently attend National Cadet Special Activities, which gives cadets a diverse experience of military installations across America. Activities focus on career exploration, leadership development, search and rescue skills, aeronautical training, Air Force familiarization, government, and a variety of other topics.
Squadrons in Delaware Wing.
Delaware Wing has eight typical squadrons registered to the state. Five are located in New Castle County, one in Kent County, one in Sussex County, and one in Cecil County, Maryland. There are two composite squadrons, four cadet squadrons, and one senior squadron. There are also three non-standard squadrons (000, 001, and 999) under Delaware Wing Headquarters.
Past Wing commanders.
Delaware Wing has had 21 Wing Commanders since the inception of Civil Air Patrol.
Recognition and accomplishments.
Overall, Delaware Wing has had 34 Spaatz cadets.
In 2006, Delaware Wing received a Unit Citation. In the fiscal year 2005, they had the highest number of hours flown per aircraft than any other wing in Civil Air Patrol by over 60%, a very wide margin. In addition, they have earned one of the best compliance Inspection grades in the country over the past 5 years. Both Delaware's Diamond Flight Drill Team and their Color Guard won the Middle East Region competition in 2005, the first time Delaware Wing has ever won both in the same year. Delaware Wing has also earned the Counterdrug Wing of the Year for the 6th year in a row, and the Drug Demand Reduction Wing of the Year.
Delaware Wing's Lt Col John McGaha was featured in the Nov/Dec 2008 edition of CAP's Volunteer Magazine. He was named National Senior Member of the Year this past August. The story speaks of his lifelong dedication to the cadet program.

</doc>
<doc id="20227521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227521" title="Bionoid">
Bionoid

Bionoids are fictional creatures originating in the Spelljammer campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game.
Bionoids are chitinous, bipedal humanoid insects with a glowing circular gem in the center of their forehead. Though their appearance strikes fear in those who view them, their demeanor belies their looks. They originated as “Living Weapons” during the "Unhuman Wars".
Publication history.
The bionoid appeared in second edition for the Spelljammer setting in the "Monstrous Compendium Spelljammer Appendix II" (1991).
Description.
In their combat form, also called their monster form, they are tall, muscular creatures with iridescent exoskeletons. Hard clawlike blades protrude from both forearms and the head. In addition to the standard pair of compound eyes, they possess four secondary eyes that can move independently like those of a chameleon. Pebbly, metallic-looking muscle fibers are visible at the joints.
In their humanoid form, bionoids are thin, well-muscled, and fairly tall. They have uniformly calm, even tempers, and are often contemplative. They move with great economy; useless gestures or movements are very rare.
Even bionoid reproduction is invasive. The eggs of mature bionoids are disc-shaped with a single crystalline “trigger” in the center. This crystal serves a multiple purpose: it is an attractant to potential victims since it makes the egg look like a magical item, and it is also the young bionoid’s eye. When a potential host touches the crystal eye, the host’s essence marks the egg. The egg bursts, attaches to the host, and grows as a symbiont, eventually separating and becoming a separate, nymph bionoid.
If an orc touches the egg, the egg explodes in a mass of corrosive filaments causing immediate death. If half-orcs survives this, the half-orc and the bionoid bind in symbiosis. Evil beings can fuse with the bionoid, but suffer the penalties of radical change to the bionoid’s good alignment.
If elves, humans or other humanoid races touch the egg, it infiltrates the victim, creating another adult bionoid. The new bionoid has the abilities described above, but appears only when danger threatens, whereupon the host “"monsters out"” into the bionoid monster form. But the host should only wear normal, easily replaceable clothing, due to the unpredictable nature of his malady.
The crystal eye is worth a lot of "GP" - but woe betide the buyer. In the crystal eye is the essence of the original owner. If presented with a living body, the crystal reduces and restructures that body in favor of its stored master, resulting in death (of a sort) for the purchaser.
Society.
Although these bionoids were instilled with an instinctive urge for combat without quarter, they are essentially good beings who constantly strive to control the powers of their implanted nature. Though they travel nearly everywhere in wildspace, bionoids prefer to remain alone. Many work as crew members on spelljamming ships across the flow, or they reside in country manors or castles. Still others live as hermits on lonely asteroids far from the normal spelljamming trade routes. In some cases, elvish communities sympathetic to the bionoids’ situation have taken in individual bionoids.
Though rare, a bionoid family can comprise hundreds of members, always led by the individual who started the unit, either the original bionoid or its full-blooded descendants. Bionoid symbionts are welcome to join the unit, but must vow to avoid (and avoid infecting) residents of the outside world. 
Though engineered for warfare, the family unit sustains itself primarily through farming. They practice battle skills primarily as a spiritual discipline. Most frontier cities and spelljamming outposts welcome bionoid communities.
History.
Bionoids were originally tailored as troops in the Unhuman Wars. Volunteer elves gave themselves to be altered into organic fighting machines. After the Wars, they were cast out into the cosmos, to make their own way far from the sight of the
elves. Years of ostracism, of living apart from the rest of elvish society like plague victims, has instilled in them a deep distrust of all other elven races.

</doc>
<doc id="20227536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227536" title="Ludwig Leitner">
Ludwig Leitner

Ludwig Leitner (February 24, 1940 – March 21, 2013) was a West German alpine ski racer and world champion, born in Mittelberg, Austria.
Leitner became a world champion in the combined event in Innsbruck in 1964. He earned world championship bronze medals in the combined event 1962 and 1966.
Leitner competed at the 1960 Winter Olympics, where he finished 4th in slalom. At the 1964 Winter Olympics, he finished 5th in the slalom and 5th in the downhill.

</doc>
<doc id="20227553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227553" title="Barbara Kinney">
Barbara Kinney

Barbara Kinney is an American photojournalist based in Seattle, Washington. Born in Evansville, Indiana, she is a graduate of the Allen White School of Journalism at the University of Kansas. Her career began in 1982. She was US President Bill Clinton's personal photographer for six years of his tenure. Her photographs have won the first place award from the World Press Photo Foundation and appeared in "Time", "Newsweek", "LIFE" and "American Photo" magazines, among others.
Before her White House years, Kinney was a picture editor and photographer for "USA Today" during the paper's first six years and a freelance photographer in Washington from 1989 to 1992.
Kinney left the White House in 1999 and became Reuters' Global Entertainment Editor and taught photography at American University and Gallaudet University. She was a mentor on "America Photo" treks to India, Ireland and Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="20227578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227578" title="Diego de Almagro, Chile">
Diego de Almagro, Chile

Diego de Almagro is a Chilean city and commune in Chañaral Province, Atacama Region. The commune has an area of . The area is named after Diego de Almagro.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Diego de Almagro had 18,589 inhabitants (10,031 men and 8,558 women). Of these, 17,674 (95.1%) lived in urban areas and 915 (4.9%) in rural areas. The population fell by 32.4-32.4% (8926 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Diego de Almagro is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Isaias Zavala Torres. The council has the following members:
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Diego de Almagro is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Lautaro Carmona (PC) and Carlos Vilches (UDI) as part of the 5th electoral district, (together with Chañaral and Copiapó). The commune is represented in the Senate by Isabel Allende Bussi (PS) and Baldo Prokurica Prokurica (RN) as part of the 3rd senatorial constituency (Atacama Region).

</doc>
<doc id="20227585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227585" title="Ladys Walk GAA">
Ladys Walk GAA

Ladys Walk are a Gaelic Athletic Association hurling club in Ballyduff in North County Kerry, Ireland. They are the Ballyduff second team. They play in the County Intermediate Hurling Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20227606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227606" title="Philippe Benetton">
Philippe Benetton

Philippe Benetton (born Cahors, 18 May 1968) is a former French rugby union footballer and currently head coach of the Fédérale 1 club Limoges. He played as a flanker.
Benetton had two teams during his career, Cahors and Agen, where he played until 2003. He won the French Top 14, in 1988, and the Challenge Yves du Manoir, in 1992, with Agen.
He had 59 caps for France, scoring 7 tries, 34 points in aggregate, from 1989 to 1999. He played three times at the Five Nations, in 1993, 1997 and 1998, winning it the last two times, with a Grand Slam. He also played at the 1995 Rugby World Cup finals, in a total of three games, but got injured in the win over Scotland, and missed the rest of the competition.
After ending his playing career, he became a coach. He first coached the French National Amateurs and Cahors (2005/06). He then joined Racing Métro 92 as forwards coach, serving in that role from 2006 through 2010. Following the 2009–10 season, he became head coach at Limoges.

</doc>
<doc id="20227632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227632" title="USS Washington (1776 frigate)">
USS Washington (1776 frigate)

USS "Washington" was a Continental Navy frigate laid down in 1776 but never completed.
"Washington" was among thirteen frigates authorized to be constructed for the new Continental Navy by an Act of Congress of 13 December 1775, and among four to be built at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The act called for all thirteen ships to be ready for sea by March 1776. Official designs were drawn up for the ships, but credit for their design is a matter of dispute, with Joshua Humphreys, John Wharton, and Nathaniel Falconer all being possible designers. In any event, plans had been drawn up and copies made of them by 2 February 1776, too late for the ships to be completed by March 1776.
The design of the 32-gun frigate USS "Randolph", also built at Philadelphia under the same construction program, probably to the same design as "Washington" - the two ships may even have been sisters - provides insight into the design of "Washington", which has not survived. "Randolph"s design appears to have been inspired by British 36-gun frigates of the period. This resulted in a ship with a similar beam and depth of hold to the 36-gun British ships, but longer than the 36-gun frigates of the time, and thus oversized for her rate - much in the way the French Navy built oversized ships at that time. "Randolph" was planned to be somewhat more lightly built than the British frigates that inspired her design, with a broader frame spacing and a much more raked bow, but with less freeboard.
The thirteen ships were named on 6 June 1776. "Washington", built by Manuel Eyre, Jehu Eyre, and Benjamin Eyre, was launched on 2 August 1776. She was not yet completed when British forces advancing on Philadelphia in 1777 during the American Revolutionary War threatened to capture her, and she was scuttled incomplete on 2 November 1777 to prevent capture. The portion of her hull remaining above water was burned in May 1778, while her bottom was salvaged and sold in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="20227637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227637" title="Les Pas perdus">
Les Pas perdus

Les Pas perdus (English title: The Last Steps) is a 1964 French drama film directed by Jacques Robin who co-wrote screenplay with René Fallet, based on novel by René Fallet. The film stars Michèle Morgan and Jean-Louis Trintignant. 
It tells the story of a rich attractive married woman who become involved in a love affair with a young worker she has met in the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20227660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227660" title="Cardiganshire League First Division">
Cardiganshire League First Division

The following teams were in the Cardiganshire League Division 1 for the 2008/2009 Season.

</doc>
<doc id="20227674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227674" title="Tierra Amarilla, Chile">
Tierra Amarilla, Chile

Tierra Amarilla is a Chilean commune and city in Copiapó Province, Atacama Region. According to the 2002 census, the commune population was 12,888 and has an area of 11,191 km².
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Tierra Amarilla had 12,888 inhabitants (7,277 men and 5,611 women). Of these, 8,578 (66.6%) lived in urban areas and 4,310 (33.4%) in rural areas. The population grew by 9.9% (1,164 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Tierra Amarilla is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years.
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Tierra Amarilla is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Mr. Alberto Robles (PRSD) and Mr. Giovanni Calderón (UDI) as part of the 6th electoral district, (together with Caldera, Vallenar, Freirina, Huasco and Alto del Carmen). The commune is represented in the Senate by Isabel Allende Bussi (PS) and Baldo Prokurica Prokurica (RN) as part of the 3rd senatorial constituency (Atacama Region).

</doc>
<doc id="20227676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227676" title="Expertise finding">
Expertise finding

The Oxford English Dictionary defines "expertise" as follows:
One could further say that expertise is the quality exhibited by people whom we believe demonstrate an above-average ability to perform a non-trivial task (see Expert for tongue-in-cheek examples). This can be restated by saying that when one is not an expert in a given field, the perception of expertise is often granted to a person based on what "other" people say is demonstrated by the presumed expert. That people often accept such claims "prima facie" is somewhat understandable, if ill-advised, and is just one of the many problems associated with assessing and quantifying human expertise. It can be argued that this behavior is partly due to a paucity of tools, metrics and software that focuses on characterizing whatever expertise they demonstrate in areas other than sports, the one domain where excellent tools are available.
This article addresses the issues and tools regarding the problem of finding and assessing individual expertise, with particular focus on scientific expertise.
Locating and assessing expertise, and why it matters.
It can be argued that human expertise is the most valuable resource in the universe, more valuable than capital, means of production or intellectual property. Why? Contrary to expertise, all other aspects of capitalism are now relatively generic: access to capital is global, as is access to means of production for many areas of manufacturing. Intellectual property can be similarly licensed. Furthermore, expertise finding is also a key aspect of institutional memory, as without its experts an institution is effectively decapitated. However, finding and “licensing” expertise, the key to the effective use of these resources, remain much harder, starting with the very first step: finding expertise that you can trust.
Until very recently, finding expertise required a mix of individual, social and collaborative practices, a haphazard process at best. Mostly, it involved contacting individuals one trusts and asking them for referrals, while hoping that one’s judgment about those individuals is justified and that their answers are thoughtful.
In the last fifteen years, a class of knowledge management software has emerged to facilitate and improve the quality of expertise finding, termed “expertise locating systems”. These software range from social networking systems to knowledge bases. Some software, like those in the social networking realm, rely on users to connect each other, thus using social filtering to act as “recommender systems”.
At the other end of the spectrum are specialized knowledge bases that rely on experts to populate a specialized type of database with their self-determined areas of expertise and contributions, and do not rely on user recommendations. Hybrids that feature expert-populated content in conjunction with user recommendations also exist, and are arguably more valuable for doing so.
Still other expertise knowledge bases rely strictly on external manifestations of expertise, herein termed “gated objects”, e.g., citation impacts for scientific papers or data mining approaches wherein many of the work products of an expert are collated. Such systems are more likely to be free of user-introduced biases (e.g., ResearchScorecard ), though the use of computational methods can introduce other biases.
Examples of the systems outlined above are listed in Table 1.
Table 1: A classification of expertise location systems
Technical problems associated with expertise finding.
A number of interesting problems follow from the use of expertise finding systems:
Beyond expertise finding: Expertise "ranking".
Means of classifying and ranking expertise (and therefore experts) become essential if the number of experts returned by a query is greater than a handful. This raises the following social problems associated with such systems:
Sources of data for assessing expertise.
Many types of data sources have been used to infer expertise. They can be broadly categorized based on whether they measure "raw" contributions provided by the expert, or whether some sort of filter is applied to these contributions.
Unfiltered data sources that have been used to assess expertise, in no particular ranking order:
Filtered data sources, that is, contributions that require approval by third-parties (grant committees, referees, patent office, etc.) are particularly valuable for measuring expertise in a way that minimizes biases that follow from popularity or other social factors:
Interesting expertise systems over the years.
In no particular order...

</doc>
<doc id="20227731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227731" title="Freirina">
Freirina

Freirina is a Chilean commune and town in Huasco Province, Atacama Region. The commune spans an area of .
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census by the National Statistics Institute, Freirina had 5,666 inhabitants; of these, 3,469 (61.2%) lived in urban areas and 2,107 (38.8%) in rural areas. At that time, there were 2,800 men and 2,866 women. The population grew by 8.5% (445 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Freirina is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Roberto Bruzzone Galeb.
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Freirina is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Mr. Alberto Robles (PRSD) and Mr. Giovanni Calderón (UDI) as part of the 6th electoral district, (together with Caldera, Tierra Amarilla, Vallenar, Huasco and Alto del Carmen). The commune is represented in the Senate by Isabel Allende Bussi (PS) and Baldo Prokurica Prokurica (RN) as part of the 3rd senatorial constituency (Atacama Region).

</doc>
<doc id="20227786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227786" title="Elmer Rieger">
Elmer Rieger

Elmer Jay Rieger (February 25, 1889 to October 21, 1959), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the St. Louis Cardinals. He batted right and left and threw right-handed. Rieger had a 0-2 record, with a 5.48 ERA, in 13 games, in his one year career. 
He was born in Perris, California and died in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20227793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227793" title="Jean Marchand (disambiguation)">
Jean Marchand (disambiguation)

Jean Marchand (1918-1988), is the French-Canadian political figure.
Jean Marchand may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20227800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227800" title="Alto del Carmen">
Alto del Carmen

Alto del Carmen is a Chilean commune and village in Huasco Province, Atacama Region. The commune spans an area of .
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Alto del Carmen had 4,840 inhabitants (2,629 men and 2,211 women), making the commune an entirely rural area. The population grew by 2% (95 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Alto del Carmen is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years.
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Alto del Carmen is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Mr. Alberto Robles (PRSD) and Mr. Giovanni Calderón (UDI) as part of the 6th electoral district, (together with Caldera, Tierra Amarilla, Vallenar, Freirina and Huasco). The commune is represented in the Senate by Isabel Allende Bussi (PS) and Baldo Prokurica Prokurica (RN) as part of the 3rd senatorial constituency (Atacama Region).

</doc>
<doc id="20227808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227808" title="The King's Orchard">
The King's Orchard

"The King's Orchard" is an historical novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888–1982) based upon the life of James O'Hara (1752?–1819), an American industrialist.
Set in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania during the early years of the American republic, it is the fictionalized biography of O'Hara, who came to America shortly before the American Revolution from Ireland in 1772 to find adventure and fortune on the Indian frontier. He became a trader, soldier and industrialist. He traveled to Western Pennsylvania and helped to build Fort Pitt, which is now the site of modern day Pittsburgh. O'Hara also became Washington's quartermaster during the war, and was prominent in the early history of Pittsburgh. The book includes characters such as George Washington, Guyasuta, Mad Anthony Wayne, and George Rogers Clark.

</doc>
<doc id="20227817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227817" title="Peter Prosper">
Peter Prosper

Peter Prosper (born 7 November 1969) is a Trinidadian footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a striker.
Career.
Prosper spent his club career between Trinidad and Tobago and Lebanon, playing for United Petrotrin, Al-Ansar, Al-Akhaa Al-Ahli Aley, San Juan Jabloteh, Al-Mabarrah and Racing Beirut.
He also earned a total sixteen international caps for Trinidad and Tobago following his debut in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20227835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227835" title="Frank Bramley">
Frank Bramley

Frank Bramley RA (6 May 1857 – 9 Aug 1915) was an English post-impressionist genre painter of the Newlyn School.
Personal life.
Bramley was born in Sibsey, near Boston, in Lincolnshire to Charles Bramley from Fiskerton also in Lincolnshire. 
From 1873 to 1878 Bramley studied at the Lincoln School of Art. He then studied from 1879 to 1882 at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts, where Charles Verlat was his instructor. He lived in Venice from 1882 to 1884 and then moved to Newlyn, Cornwall.
Bramley married fellow artist Katherine Graham, daughter of John Graham from Huntingstile, Grasmere, Westmoreland, in 1891. The couple lived at Orchard Cottage, which at the time was called Belle Vue Cottage, from 1893 to 1897. In 1895 they moved to Droitwich in the West Midlands. They lived at Bellue Vue House in 1889 and by 1900 had settled at Grasmere in the Lake District.
Bramley died in Chalford Hill, Gloucestershire in August 1915.
Career.
Having returned to England from Venice in or after 1884, Bramley established himself in the Newlyn School artist colony on Rue des Beaux Arts in Newlyn. Along with Walter Langley and Stanhope Forbes, he was considered to be one of the "leading figures" of the Newlyn School.
In contrast to other members of the Newlyn school, Bramley specialised in interiors and worked on combining natural and artificial light in his paintings, such as "A Hopeless Dawn."
During his time in Newlyn, Bramley was a particular exponent of the ‘square brush technique’, using the flat of a square brush to lay the paint on the canvas in a jigsaw pattern of brush strokes, giving a particular vibrancy to the paint surface. In the early 1890s, his palette became brighter and his handling of the paint looser and more impastoed, while his subject matter narrowed to portraits and rural genre paintings.
An example of Bramley's use of the square brush technique is his painting "Domino!".
His "A Hopeless Dawn" (1888) is held by the Tate Gallery, London after having been purchased for the nation by the Chantrey Bequest and is one of Bramley's most favored works. Praised by the Royal Academy, Penlee House also appreciate this Bramley work: "The painting’s strong emotional and narrative content, together with its aesthetic appeal and tonal harmony, make this one of the most admired Newlyn School works to this day."
Bramley was one of the founders of the New English Art Club, but left the organization after having received condemning comments from Walter Sickert.
In 1894 Bramley became an Associate of the Royal Academy (ARA) and in 1911 he became a Royal Academician (RA). He was also a gold medal winner at the Paris Salon.
Works.
Selected paintings include:

</doc>
<doc id="20227862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227862" title="UC-61">
UC-61

UC-61 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20227891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227891" title="1976–77 Pittsburgh Penguins season">
1976–77 Pittsburgh Penguins season

The 1976–77 Pittsburgh Penguins season was their tenth in the National Hockey League. They finished third in the Norris Division for the third season in a row. In the playoffs, the Penguins were eliminated in the first round. Changes occurred in management and ownership. In December 1976, Baz Bastien replaced Wren Blair as the club's general manager. The club was sold to shopping mall magnate Edward J. DeBartolo, Sr. in February 1977. 
Regular season.
Despite the fact that Pierre Larouche, Jean Pronovost and Syl Apps were unable to reproduce their franchise record-setting offensive output of the previous season the team finished with a similar regular season record on the strength of improved defensive prowess and the goaltending of Dunc Wilson and Denis Herron, who was re-acquired from the Kansas City Scouts in the off-season.
General Manager Wren Blair, who had been part of the ownership group which bought the club from the NHL in July 1975 until February 1976, was removed from his position December 3, 1976. Aldege 'Baz' Bastien, the man who had coached the American Hockey League's Pittsburgh Hornets to a Calder Cup championship in 1967, was named Blair's replacement.
Co-owners Al Savill and Otto Frenzel sold the club to shopping mall magnate Edward J. DeBartolo, Sr. in February 1977, less than two years after having bought the team from the NHL.
Playoffs.
The Penguins' opponent in the first round of the Stanley Cup playoffs was once again the Toronto Maple Leafs. While the Penguins' offensive output greatly improved to ten goals scored (compared to 1976's three goals), the Maple Leafs once again dispatched the Penguins in three games.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; A= Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in Minutes"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Penguins. Stats reflect time with the Penguins only. ‡Traded mid-season
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP= Games played; TOI= Time on ice (minutes); W= Wins; L= Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals Against; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Transactions.
The Penguins were involved in the following transactions during the 1976–77 season:
Additions and subtractions.
†Colin Campbell was loaned to the Rockies for one season. He was returned to the Penguins in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20227902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227902" title="Josef Jennewein">
Josef Jennewein

Josef Jennewein (21 November 1919 – 26 July 1943) was a German alpine skier and world champion. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Josef "Pepi" Jennewein was born on 21 November 1919 at St Anton in the Tyrolean Alps, Austria. He served in the "Luftwaffe" during World War II and became a flying ace. He remains missing in action following combat east of Orel on 26 July 1943.
Jennewein became a world champion in the combined event in Zakopane in 1939, and received silver medals in slalom and in downhill. In 1941 Jennewein participated at the FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1941 in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy and won Gold Medals in downhill and the combined event. In 1946, the results were cancelled by the FIS because of the limited number of participants from only German-friendly countries during World War II.
Jennewein began flight training in 1940 and on completion transferred to 4.(Eins)/JFS 5 based on the Channel Front in summer 1941. On 20 September 1941 he claimed his first victories over three Spitfires. After claiming two further Spitfires on 15 October Jennewein was transferred to 2./JG 51 on the Eastern Front. By July 1942 when he was posted to serve as a flight instructor, and had claimed another 12 Soviet aircraft. He returned to 2./JG 51 before the in late 1942. 
In an impressive series of multiple victories, Jennewein downed four Soviet aircraft on 18 January, five on 23 February and seven on 24 February. He claimed his 45th victory on 10 March and received the Deutsches Kreuz in Gold in April 1943. On 6 May he recorded five Il-2 Sturmovik aircraft shot down. He claimed 23 victories in July 1943, including five on 21 July. On 27 July, after aerial combat east of Orel, "Oberfeldwebel" Jennewein force-landed his Fw 190 A-6 behind Soviet lines, never being seen again and posted missing. He was promoted "in absentia" to "Leutnant" and awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross posthumously on 5 December 1943.
Josef Jennewein flew 271 missions in claiming 86 victories, with five on the Western Front and 81 on the Eastern Front, including 29 Il-2 Sturmoviks.

</doc>
<doc id="20227934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227934" title="Steve Senteney">
Steve Senteney

Stephen Leonard Senteney (August 7, 1955 – June 18, 1989), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Toronto Blue Jays. He batted and threw right-handed. Senteney had a 0–0 record, with a 4.91 ERA, in 11 games, in his one-year career. 
Senteney was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. He was killed in an automobile accident in Colusa, California at age 33.

</doc>
<doc id="20227935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227935" title="Radio Jaagriti 102.7 FM">
Radio Jaagriti 102.7 FM

Radio Jaagriti 102.7 FM is a 24 hour radio station in Trinidad and Tobago formed by the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha to address the needs of the Hindu Community in the media.
Radio Jaagriti 102.7 FM began broadcasts on 19 January 2007 at approximately 5:07 pm.

</doc>
<doc id="20227936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227936" title="Elephants to Catch Eels">
Elephants to Catch Eels

Elephants to Catch Eels was an historical situation comedy originally broadcast on BBC Radio 4. It was broadcast in two series of six half-hour episodes each, from February to March 2003 and April to May 2004. It was written by Tom Jamieson and Nev Fountain and produced by Jan Ravens.
Set in the fictional Drumlin Bay, Cornwall, during the 1790s, "Elephants To Catch Eels" follows the smuggling exploits of the resourceful Tamsyn Trelawney (Lucy Speed (series 1); Sheridan Smith (series 2)) and her drunken innkeeper father, Jago (John Bowe). The new preventive officer, Major Falconer (Cameron Stewart), finds it difficult to believe a woman could be involved in smuggling, unlike his deputy, Captain Marriot (Andrew McGibbon). Other characters include Squire Bascombe (Martin Hyder) and the gullible Dewey (Mark Felgate) with other parts played by Mark Perry and India Fisher. Anachronistic allusions, such as a "Smuggling personality of the year" contest, are part of the comedy.

</doc>
<doc id="20227999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20227999" title="Wallace Notestein">
Wallace Notestein

Wallace Notestein (1878–1969) was an American historian, Sterling Professor of English History at Yale University from 1928 to 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="20228019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228019" title="Carl D. Keith">
Carl D. Keith

Carl Donald Keith (May 29, 1920 – November 9, 2008) was a chemist who was co-inventor of the three-way catalytic converter, which has played a dramatic role in reducing pollution from motor vehicles since their introduction in the mid-1970s.
Keith was born on May 29, 1920 in Stewart Creek, West Virginia to Howard, a steelworker, and Mary Rawson Keith, who worked in a bakery. He received a bachelors degree from Salem College in North Carolina in 1943, earned a master's degree in chemistry from Indiana University in 1945 and was awarded a doctorate from DePaul University in 1947.
From 1943 to 1957, Keith was a chemist at Sinclair Oil. He later was hired by Engelhard Industries.
From 1976 until his retirement from Engelhard in 1985, Keith was an executive vice president, president and finally chairman of the company.
Catalytic converter.
The 1970 amendments to the Clean Air Act required significant reductions in hydrocarbon, carbon monoxide and nitrogen oxide emissions. The converters available at the time were oxidation catalysts, which could handle hydrocarbon and carbon monoxide, but were ineffective in reducing nitrogen oxides. Car manufacturers and catalyst companies were trying to develop a multiple step process that would address hydrocarbons and carbon monoxide in one process while reducing nitrogen oxides in another.
The three-way catalyst developed by Keith and chemical engineer John J. Mooney with their team at Englehard allowed all three exhaust pollutants to be remediated using a single catalyst bed. Their solution to addressing the variations in air / fuel mixtures was to combine rare earth oxides and base metal oxide components in the catalyst together with Platinum and Rhodium in a ceramic honeycomb with tiny passages coated with the catalytic material. This design ensured that the oxygen needed in the reactions was absorbed up when it was in excess and released when it was needed, allowing all three pollutants to be removed in a single catalytic component. The three-way catalytic converter reduces nitrogen oxides to nitrogen and oxygen, oxidizes carbon monoxide to carbon dioxide and oxidizes unburnt hydrocarbons to carbon dioxide and water.
The initial catalytic converters were installed in cars in the 1975 model year. In 1976, the three-way catalyst was introduced, which, after updates, has been able to eliminate 97% of tailpipe hydrocarbon emissions, 96% of carbon monoxide and 90% of nitrogen oxides produced in automobile engines and those used in light trucks and sport utility vehicles. A statement cited by "The New York Times" from the United States Environmental Protection Agency showed that cars today produce 98% less nitrogen oxide emissions than cars from the 1970s, and "the three-way catalytic converter is the greatest contributor to that reduction".
Awards.
In 2001, Keith and Mooney received the Walter Ahlstrom Prize, awarded in conjunction with the Finnish Academies of Technology, for their work in inventing and commercializing the three-way catalytic converter. Estimates were that by the time the award was received, the converters developed by Keith were installed in 80% of new cars manufactured worldwide and had prevented 56 million tons of hydrocarbons, 118 million tons of nitrogen oxides and 464 billion tons of carbon monoxide from being emitted as pollution in the 25 years since their introduction.
Together with Mooney, Keith was honored by the United States Patent and Trademark Office with the 2002 National Medal of Technology, awarded "For the invention, application to automobiles, and commercialization of the three-way catalytic converter. Through their persistent efforts, this technology is the key emission-control component in all new light-duty vehicles in the United States and throughout the world."
Death.
Keith was a resident of Marco Island, Florida. He died at age 88 on November 9, 2008 while visiting one of his daughters in New Bern, North Carolina. The cause of death was not immediately disclosed.

</doc>
<doc id="20228027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228027" title="Kamchia, Burgas Province">
Kamchia, Burgas Province

Kamchia () is a village in central-western Bulgaria, located in Sungurlare Municipality of the Burgas Province. It lies on the river Luda Kamchia along the provincial road 7305. It currently does not have its own mayor but instead is governed by the municipal mayor Stefan Kenov.

</doc>
<doc id="20228031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228031" title="Blackburn College (Blackburn with Darwen)">
Blackburn College (Blackburn with Darwen)

Blackburn College is a further and higher education college in Blackburn, in the unitary authority of Blackburn with Darwen, Lancashire, England.
It is a large college, with over 15,000 students, around 6,000 of whom are aged 16–19. Courses provided by the college include A-levels, NVQs and BTEC National Diplomas, and in conjunction with University Centre at Blackburn College, provides HNDs and degrees. 
The East Lancashire Institute of Higher Education is an associate college of the University of Lancaster, which validates most of its degrees.
The current principal is Dr. Thomas Moore, replacing Ian Clinton, who announced his retirement from the college in February 2013. 
After leaving in December 2013, Mr. Clinton oversaw a giant expansion over a college in which he started in June 2004, taking over from his predecessor, Mrs. Sheena Ewing, who announced her retirement in February 2004, after starting as vice principal in 1991, then becoming principal in 1997. In July 2013, it was announced the deputy principal, Mrs. Lisa O’Loughlin, was set to leave the college due to taking up a new post at The Manchester College, the large college in Europe. She started at the college in 1995, as a media lecturer. She then became deputy principal in 2008.
History.
Blackburn College started as Blackburn Technical College, which was established in 1888 by public subscription. It originally specialised in engineering and textiles, introducing tertiary courses such as A-levels in 1984.
Locations.
The main campus is located close to Blackburn town centre and consists of several buildings. The oldest is the Grade II listed Blackburn Technical School, built between 1888–1894; the building, situated at the centre of the campus, is now called the Victoria Building. Other buildings on the campus were built between the 1960s and 1980s. The increase in higher education, in conjunction with the East Lancashire Institute of Higher Education, resulted in an expansion of the college into a former British Telecom office building in the 1990s and from early 2012, the building underwent extensive refurbishment to turn it from small office spaces into premises more suitable for teaching.
In addition to the main campus, the college has two smaller sites, The Saturn Centre in the Greenbank area and Darwen Access Point in Darwen.
Development.
In the 2000s, four phases of construction were announced, as the college aims to modernise its campus and increase the range of degrees offered. 
The first was St Paul's Centre, with IT and sixth form facilities, which was completed in 2007 at a cost of £8.8million. Phase 2, a new University Centre off Montague Street was completed in 2009, costing £14 million. Phase 3 of the re-development is the biggest to date, the £18.3 million Beacon Centre, opposite the Construction Centre on St. Paul's Street. This building includes teaching spaces for art and photography studios and IT suites as well as a male and female multi-faith prayer room. 
In summer 2012, demolition of the 1960s Feilden Street campus, which once housed the colleges Sixth Form, began (with a little help from Mark Felix), making room for further development of the college which is currently a 448 spaced car park, and previously submitted planning developments for a new sports hall, gym and classrooms. In September 2013, the college's new STEM(MM) (Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths (Media and Music)) building, opened, which is placed next to the University Centre, the STEM(MM) building is Phase 4 of the colleges re-development, and possibly one of the last buildings to be built.
There are also plans to create a motor vehicle centre, which is planned to open in September 2014. It has had developed input from Nissan and Škoda. It will be known as the Regional Automotive Hub, according to the college.
Reports.
In 2008, the college was rated as "outstanding" in an Ofsted report, and was one of five colleges in the North West to be awarded Beacon status by the Quality Improvement Agency.
References.
Centenary Booklet This Centenary Booklet commemorates 100 years of service by Blackburn College to the Community of Blackburn, Darwen and East Lancashire. It highlights significant stages in the growth and development of the College from its foundation in May 1888 to the visit in 1988 by Prince Charles.

</doc>
<doc id="20228040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228040" title="Climate of the Los Angeles Basin">
Climate of the Los Angeles Basin

The Los Angeles Basin is noted for its moderate weather. The climate is classified as a Mediterranean climate, characterized by seasonal changes in rainfall—with a dry summer and a winter rainy season—but relatively modest transitions in temperature. Under the modified Köppen climate classification, the coast is classified as "Csb" and the inland areas as "Csa". 
Summers are warm, hot and dry, with an average August high/low at LAX of and . The same figures at the University of Southern California downtown campus are and . However temperatures sometimes exceed during the summer. Winters are mild and somewhat rainy with high temperatures at LAX of and lows of . Spring and autumn bring mild days with cool evenings and are generally dry.
The Los Angeles area is also subject to the phenomena typical of a microclimate. As such, the daytime temperatures can vary as much as 36 °F (20 °C) between inland areas such as the San Fernando Valley and San Gabriel Valley versus the coast in the Los Angeles Basin.
Most rainfall occurs during winter and early spring, typical of a Mediterranean climate. February is considered the wettest month. The first rainfall of the water year usually occurs in October or November, with rain becoming more common December through February. The rain events then begin to taper off in March, and April and May usually see only one or two rains. However, the timing and volume of rains in the winter is far from predictable. Most cold fronts and depressions spun off by the strong winter seasonal low-pressure area in the Gulf of Alaska fail to carry significant precipitable moisture as far south as Los Angeles. This is subject to the position and strength of the jet stream and strength of the Gulf of Alaska low, as well as continental airmasses. Some years, however, a well-developed series of cold fronts moves into the area with relatively short separation between each, bringing an intermittently rainy period to Los Angeles for several weeks. 
Sometimes rainfall can occur in the summer from monsoon thunderstorms or even from remnants of dissipating eastern Pacific hurricanes, but this is unusual. Los Angeles averages of precipitation per year, but is lower at the coast and higher at the mountains. Tornadoes are rare, however, weak-to-moderate-strength waterspouts sometimes occur during warm winter storms, although this is unusual. Snow is extremely rare in the Los Angeles basin, but the nearby San Gabriel Mountains typically receive snow every winter season. The greatest snowfall recorded in downtown Los Angeles was on January 15, 1932.
Santa Ana Winds.
The Santa Ana winds are strong, extremely dry offshore winds that characteristically sweeps across Southern California and northern Baja California during late fall into winter season. They range from hot to cold, depending on the prevailing temperatures in the source region, the Great Basin and upper Mojave Desert. Nevertheless, the winds are notorious for causing hot, dry weather due to compressional heating of the lower atmosphere.
Extreme Weather.
In downtown Los Angeles, weather records began on July 1, 1877. The highest temperature recorded in downtown Los Angeles was on September 27, 2010. The lowest temperature was on January 7, 1913 and on January 4, 1949. The wettest year was 2005 with 37.25 inches and the driest year was 2007 with 3.21 inches. The greatest rainfall in one month was 14.94 inches in January 1969. The greatest rainfall in 24 hours was 5.68 inches on March 2, 1938.
At the Los Angeles International Airport, the highest recorded temperature was on September 26, 1963. The lowest temperature was on January 4, 1949. The wettest year was 1983 with and the driest year was 1947 with . The greatest rainfall in one month was in February 1998. The greatest rainfall in 24 hours was on November 21, 1967.
In Long Beach, the highest recorded temperature was on October 16, 1958, and October 15, 1961, and again on September 27, 2010. The lowest temperature was on January 20, 1922. The wettest year was 1978 with . The driest year was 2002 with . The greatest rainfall in one month was in January 1969, including a record 24-hour rainfall of on January 20 that month. The record snowfall was in January 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20228046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228046" title="Blackburn College">
Blackburn College

Blackburn College may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20228090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228090" title="Dimitrije Vukčević">
Dimitrije Vukčević

Dimitrije Vukčević studied Nuclear Physics at the University of Belgrade before embarking on a career in commerce. In the 1990s he spent a number of years living and working in the USA. On his return to Serbia, he was appointed by Zoran Đinđić as the Deputy Minister of Energy and Mining in the Government of Serbia (2001-2004) due to his expertise.
From his position as Deputy Minister he was appointed CEO of Naftna Industrija Srbije NIS (Oil Industry of Serbia), a state-owned enterprise, and one of the biggest Serbian companies.

</doc>
<doc id="20228092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228092" title="John Hamilton Reynolds">
John Hamilton Reynolds

John Hamilton Reynolds (1794–1852) was an English poet, satirist, critic, and playwright. He was a close friend and correspondent of poet John Keats whose letters to Reynolds constitute a significant body of Keats' poetic thought. Reynolds was also the brother in law of the writer and humorist Thomas Hood who was married to his sister Jane.
Early life.
Reynolds was born in Shrewsbury to George Reynolds, teacher at Shrewsbury School and Charlotte Cox Reynolds. His mother was related to the Hamilton family, from which Reynolds received his middle name, which included the Gothic writer William Thomas Beckford. Reynolds attended Shrewsbury School, then enrolled at St Paul's School in London when the family moved in 1806, completing formal education in 1810.
Early career.
He took a junior clerkship in an insurance office, the Amicable Society for Perpetual Assurance, working there at least until 1816. From 1818 to 1820, worked in Essex Street for Francis Fladgate, a solicitor. Meanwhile, he pursued his self-education by reading widely in classical and English literature and also began writing poetry. He was encouraged in his literary interests by his friend John F M Dovaston, a former student of Reynolds's father.
Literary works.
Reynolds's first published poem, "Ode to Friendship" appeared in the "Gentleman's Magazine" in 1812. He was a prolific journalist and reviewer, and published collections of poems and a diverse array of articles. He received favourable notice from a number of critics and poets, including Byron, whose work Reynolds had closely imitated. Later he published "The Eden of Imagination", imitating Wordsworth, who had also encouraged him. Early in his poetic career, John Clare claimed to be a huge admirer of Reynolds's work, and the two met and socialised with other contributors to the London Magazine.
John Keats.
His friend Leigh Hunt supported his writing and introduced him to another young poet Hunt greatly admired, the then unknown John Keats. Keats and Reynolds became friends, encouraging and challenging each other in their quest for literary recognition.
Personal life.
In 1822, he married Eliza Drewe, which led to a friendship and literary collaboration with her brother-in-law, Thomas Hood. Together the two wrote several comic and satirical pieces, the most popular being "Odes and Addresses to Great People" in 1825.
Tragedy struck in 1835 when his ten-year-old daughter Lucy died. He was bankrupt in 1838 but continued earning a small income writing. In 1847 he moved to the Isle of Wight as assistant clerk in a county court. Reynolds became depressed and started drinking heavily, although he was not without friends and admirers to the end. In Newport, Reynolds was found dead in the bedroom of his father's apartment in Newport.

</doc>
<doc id="20228121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228121" title="Izolda Izvitskaya">
Izolda Izvitskaya

Izolda Vasilyevna Izvitskaya (, June 21, 1932 – March 1, 1971) was a Soviet actress.
Isolda Izvitskaya was born in the small town of Dzerzhinsk, Russia. Her father was a chemist, her mother a teacher. Right after high school she was accepted to VGIK (the All-Union State Institute of Cinematography). She was given small parts in several movies while still a student. In 1955 she was chosen for the lead in "The Forty-First", a film after a short story by Boris Lavrenyov. The film was very successful all over the country and in 1957 it was shown at the Cannes Film Festival where it got a very good reception. A new café in Paris was named after her.
At home Izvitskaya was made a member of the Association for Cultural Relations with Latin American countries which gave her an opportunity to travel outside of the USSR.
She starred in several more movies; however, none of them was on the level of "The Forty-First". Izvitskaya was getting depressed. She made several more attempts to work in films but parts were getting smaller and more scarce. In 1971 her husband, actor Eduard Bredun, left her. She had a nervous breakdown and locked herself up in her apartment in Moscow. She was found dead at home which was empty of any food. Her husband insisted that the obituary state "poisoning with an unknown substance" as the cause of death but according the BBC Russian service she died of cold and starvation.

</doc>
<doc id="20228139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228139" title="Monkey on My Shoulder EP">
Monkey on My Shoulder EP

The Monkey on My Shoulder EP is a collection of demo songs written British singer-songwriter James Blunt. The EP was released on 4 June 2006, by Custard Records and Atlantic Records, exclusively through Target Stores in the US. The EP was also made available to download via iTunes. The EP features five demo recordings of songs which would later appear on Blunt's debut studio album, "Back to Bedlam", or as B-sides to singles from that album. The EP contained a booklet which documents the changes from the original demo recordings, found here, to the finalised recordings. The EP was limited to certain numbers and was not available anywhere in the UK.
Promotion.
Following copies of the EP becoming rare and unavailable, Target Stores offered a new, deluxe version of "Back to Bedlam", containing an additional two acoustic tracks on Disc 1, and the EP. an exclusive bonus disc. This version of "Back to Bedlam" was sold exclusively in America.

</doc>
<doc id="20228150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228150" title="The Kids from 47A">
The Kids from 47A

The Kids from 47A is a British children's television series produced by ATV Network about four children whose widowed mother is taken into hospital, leaving them to cope on their own. The eldest—office worker Jess Gathercole—becomes the family matriarch, making every effort to keep her schoolchild sister and brothers at home with her.
At the start of the second series, the Gathercole mother has died and Jess is only able to keep the family together after battling with social services, who continue to keep a watchful eye.
Three series were made; the first (comprising 15 episodes) was shown in 1973, the second (13 episodes) and third (13 episodes) in 1974. The third series ends with Jess getting married. A one-off episode (promoted as a comedy and entitled "Home Sweet Home") was broadcast on 31 August 1975.
Episode writers included Lynda La Plante and Phil Redmond. The series directors were Alan Coleman, Richard Bramall and Jonathan Wright-Miller.
Jess was played by Christine McKenna, her bookish sister Binny by Gaynor Hodgson and her brothers—football-mad Willy and primary schoolboy George—by Nigel Greaves and Russell Lewis, respectively. Other parts were played by Lloyd Lamble (as Jess' employer) and Joan Newell.
Christine McKenna would later star in the TV adaptation of "Flambards" and is now a television producer in the US, while Russell Lewis went on to become a successful screenwriter. Nigel Greaves has had roles in "Tenko" and Kenneth Branagh's cinema adaptation of Shakespeare's "Henry V".

</doc>
<doc id="20228166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228166" title="Blubber (disambiguation)">
Blubber (disambiguation)

Blubber is a thick layer of vascularized fat found under the skin of all cetaceans, pinnipeds and sirenians.
Blubber may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20228205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228205" title="Remember the End">
Remember the End

Remember the End is the second novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888–1982) and it is set in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from the 1890s to World War I.
The protagonist Alex MacTay is a Scotsman who is called to be a poet, but instead emigrates to America. On a farm in Western Pennsylvania he forms a partnership in a coal mine, marries the farmer's daughter, and suppresses his aesthetic interests. By age 34 he owns two coal mines and has made his first million, but at the cost of deeply wounding his wife and alienating his only son. Sympathetically portrayed, he typifies the strengths and weaknesses of the great tycoons of the period, such as his own model, Andrew Carnegie. During the 1907 depression he gets control of a steel mill, but then things go sour for MacTay.

</doc>
<doc id="20228211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228211" title="List of British Empire-related topics">
List of British Empire-related topics

This is a list of topics related to the British Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="20228222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228222" title="Marianne Jahn">
Marianne Jahn

Marianne Jahn (born 1942) is an Austrian alpine skier and world champion. 
She won two gold medals at the 1962 World Championships in Chamonix, winning both the slalom and giant slalom events.

</doc>
<doc id="20228224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228224" title="Ranjit Studios">
Ranjit Studios

Ranjit Studios, also known as Ranjit Movietone, was an Indian film production company with studio facilities located in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. It produced films between 1929 and mid-1970s. The studio was founded by Chandulal Shah along with Gohar Kayoum Mamajiwala. It was one of the three largest studios in Bollywood of its time, besides Kohinoor Film Company and Imperial Film Company.
The company began production of silent films in 1929 under the banner "Ranjit Film Company" and by 1932 had made 39 pictures, most of them social dramas. The company changed its name to "Ranjit Movietone" in 1932 and during the 1930s produced numerous successful talkies at the rate of about six a year. At this time, the studio employed around 300 actors, technicians and other employees.
Ranjit productions were mostly filmed in the Hindi, Punjabi and Gujarati languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20228241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228241" title="Ferenc Mokanj">
Ferenc Mokanj

Ferenc Mokanj a senior member of the Reformists of Vojvodina political party which was a member of the Democratic Opposition of Serbia coalition which finally ousted Slobodan Milosevic in October 2000 after he attempted to rig the Presidential election which he had lost in September of that year. Mr Mokanj was the Deputy Minister of Trade and Tourism in the Government of Serbia (2001-2004).

</doc>
<doc id="20228251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228251" title="E-CORCE">
E-CORCE

E-Corce is a remote sensing satellite constellation of CNES, whose launch is planned for 2014.
Designed by an engineer from CNES, JP Antikidis, in the frame of a prospective unit led by JJ Favier, this project is revolutionizing satellite Earth observation methodologies by allowing at acceptable cost a rapid coverage of the entire planet (1 day to 1 week) with high resolution (metric) color pictures. The solutions use image compression (psycho-visual) coupled with new methods of receiving and processing information distributed across the planet. The project aims by 2014 to photograph all of the continents in color at a resolution of 1 meter, every week, with a constellation of 13 Earth-orbiting microsatellites at 600 km, imaging everything in their path and down-linking compressed data to processing centers on the world.
Definition: "e-Constellation of Observation by Recurrent Cellular Environment" combining of three technological "cells"(space, telecom, Grid) to produce a multi-spectral image of the Earth. "e" as intended to feed the new vectors of the mass-based Internet, "Constellation" because relying on a constellation of satellites observing the earth in "saturation" REcurrent "because based on a systematic information delivery high resolution refreshed daily to weekly "Cellular " because using the combined virtues of new technology based on cellular processing (Wide Area Grid) distributed across the full globe.

</doc>
<doc id="20228292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228292" title="Murder in Amityville">
Murder in Amityville

Murder In Amityville is a book written by Hans Holzer and serves as a prequel to "The Amityville Horror".
The book has been turned into a film titled "". It has since been re-released under the title "Amityville: Fact or Fiction?".
Plot summary.
The plot tries to explain why Ronald Defeo Jr. killed his family at 112 Ocean Ave. It revolves around Ronald Jr. as he experiences strange events in the house up until he kills his entire family on November 13, 1974. It goes on to explain that he was possessed and that he did not want to kill his family. It introduces controversial events. It is also based on Defeo's explanation of why he says he killed his family.
Films.
The film based on the book was the sequel to the 1979 "The Amityville Horror" and was titled "Amityville II: The Possession". The name of the family was changed and the family's stay itself was shortened and presumed to take place after the Lutz's. While not an accurate prequel it takes some details from "Murder in Amityville". The remake of "The Amityville Horror" also uses Holzer's theory. DeFeo was possessed, only in the remake DeFeo is possessed by a film version of John Ketcham. In the remake the house is built on an Indian burial ground. A television special was filmed in 1979, with Holzer narrating and includes interviews with DeFeo and medium Ethel Johnson-Meyers, but eventually was scrapped and never made public.

</doc>
<doc id="20228317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228317" title="Rocket City Math League">
Rocket City Math League

Rocket City Math League (RCML) is the only exclusively student-run international mathematics competition in the United States. Run by students at Virgil I. Grissom High School in Huntsville, Alabama, RCML gets its name from Huntsville's nickname as the "Rocket City". RCML was co-founded in 2001 by Ashrit Kamireddi and Sharat Bhat and has been annually sponsored by the Mu Alpha Theta Math Honor Society. The competition consists of 3 individual rounds and a team round that was added in 2008. It is divided into 5 divisions named for NASA programs: Explorer (pre-algebra), Mercury (algebra I), Gemini (geometry), Apollo (algebra II), and Discovery (comprehensive).
Individual rounds.
Each of the 3 individual rounds consists of a 10 question test with a 45 minute time limit. Out of the 10 questions, there are four 1-point questions, three 2-point questions, two 3-point questions, and one 4-point question, with the more difficult questions having larger point values. The maximum score on an individual test is 20, and individual tests often contain many interesting space-themed questions.
Team round.
The team round is divided into a senior division and a junior division that take separate tests for the team round. It consists of a 15 question test with a 30 minute time limit, in which team members work together to get as many correct answers as possible. Out of the 15 questions, there are five 1-point questions, four 2-point questions, three 3-point questions, two 4-point questions, and one 5-point question, making the maximum score on the team test a 35.

</doc>
<doc id="20228321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228321" title="1993 Thriftway ATP Championships">
1993 Thriftway ATP Championships

The 1993 Cincinnati Open, known by the corporate title of the Thriftway ATP Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 92nd edition of the tournament and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1993 ATP Tour It took place in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, from August 9 through August 15 1993.
The tournament had previously appeared on the Tier III of the WTA Tour but no event was held from 1989 to 2003.
The men's singles field was headlined by ATP No. 1, Miami, Sydney, Wimbledon titlist, Cincinnati defending champion Pete Sampras, Rome, Indian Wells, Memphis, Australian Open champion, Wimbledon, French Open finalist Jim Courier and Australian Open runner-up, 1989 and 1986 Cincinnati winner Stefan Edberg. Other top seeds were Queen's, Hamburg winner Michael Stich, Munich titlist Ivan Lendl, Petr Korda, Michael Chang and Richard Krajicek.

</doc>
<doc id="20228330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228330" title="Kelsall River">
Kelsall River

The Kelsall River is a river in the U.S. State of Alaska, the Canadian province of British Columbia, and Yukon Territory. It is a tributary of the Chilkat River, flowing into it in the Haines Borough of Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="20228333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228333" title="Welbeck (disambiguation)">
Welbeck (disambiguation)

Welbeck is a village near Worksop, Nottinghamshire, England
Welbeck may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20228337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228337" title="India–Ireland relations">
India–Ireland relations

Indo-Irish relations are the bilateral ties between India and Ireland. As former possessions of the British Empire, the two countries had a similar fight against a common adversary and there were many ties between the respective independence movements in the two countries. Many of the provisions of the constitution of India were drawn from their Irish counterpart, Bunreacht na hEireann. Mutual benefit has been seen in keen economic ties. There are also regular governmental visits. Indo-Irish relations were also strengthened by such luminaries as the likes of Pandit Nehru, Éamon de Valera, Rabindranath Tagore, W. B. Yeats, James Joyce, and Annie Besant.
Emerging relations.
During the struggles for freedom from colonial rule, Indian and Irish "nationalist movements were linked by a history of rebellion against British rule." Studies have often compared to the two independence struggles. Independence leaders such as Jawaharlal Nehru and Éamon de Valera were said to be touch with each other. Likewise Vithalbhai Patel and Subhas Chandra Bose were also said to be in touch with Irish nationalist leaders. The strongest tie between the two was the link of Annie Besant, from an Irish family but firm supporter of Indian self rule. In 1916 she launched the Home Rule League to model Indian independence on the Irish struggle. Both countries held economic, political, and strategically important ties to the British empire. In both cases, the independent struggles led to other movements within the British empire for independence (while even other European empires like Angola were motivated by moves such as India in defence against european imperialism). A sixteenth century proverb said "he who would win England, must with Ireland beging;" this was matched by Lord Curzon's "As long as we rule India we are the greatest power in the world. If we lose it we shall drop straight away to a third rate power." Lord Salisbury continued, perhaps prophetically, that "Ireland must be kept like India by persuasion if not by force." The aim to progress Irish Catholics and Indian Muslims and Hindus served to promote the cultural nationalisms and autonomous demands of both nations.
A signifigant number of Irish people joined the British civil service and the army regiment during the nineteenth century. Additionally, Irish missionaries, educationalists, medical and engineering service professionals were also posted in India during this period. 
Formal relations.
Mutual recognition occurred in 1947, upon Indian independence, while diplomatic exchange opened later. India established an embassy in Ireland in 1951, while Ireland did the same in 1964. Ireland maintains Honorary Consulates in Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai and Bengaluru.
Extravenous ties.
The bombing of Air India's Kanishka on June 23, 1985 led to a further bond of ties beyond the political arena. In this the families of Indians and NRI's were tied with Ahakista and County Cork. An elegant memorial in the village stands as a testimony to these ties; while the opening of an "eamon de valera Marg" in the Indian capital also fostered these ties.
Irish philanthropy.
The Irish embassy says "Ireland is well-known for being at the forefront in fostering policies and programmes for global development. The Irish are well-known for their generosity in responding to humanitarian emergencies, and are also amongst the world’s top donors in per capita terms in support of more long-term development programmes." In like measure, it was said that Irish voices are renowned for speaking out against poverty and injustice, while the likes of Bono have used their status and influence to advance many important causes such as the campaign for debt forgiveness in the developing world and the fight against HIV/AIDS. 
Some €5m was said to be being spent in India each year. A substantial proportion of the funding was said to be channelled through some of the large Irish NGOs, including Trócaire, Goal and Concern, and agencies that augment the Irish Aid funds from their own resources to implement large-scale programmes where they focus, such as Orissa and West Bengal. Further portions of the funds were granted to a second category of Irish and international NGOs to fund stand-alone projects and programmes through the Civil Society Fund. An increasing level of resources was also earmarked by the Irish Government for supporting the work of indigenous civil society within the country. The Irish embassy was also said to be pursuing a range of initiatives and strategies to ensure that resources produced maximum outcomes in terms of efforts to reduce poverty in some of the poorest parts of India. Amongst the highlighted social issued in India, one NGO, using Irish Aid funds, developed wells at girls’ schools; this supported the twin aims of providing clean water and promoting education for the girl-child.
Economic relations.
Total trade between the two went from €363.5 million in 2005 to €447.3 million in 2007. Indian exports (having been higher in at least the accounted period) counted for €279.8 million to Indian imports of €167.5 million in 2007.
Indian exports included garments and clothing, textile yarn, and medical and pharmaceutical products. Indian imports included telecommunications and sound equipment, automatic data processing machines, and other manufactured articles. 
Indian companies Ranbaxy Laboratories, Wockhardt Group and Reliance Life Sciences in the pharmaceutical industry; with TCS and other IT companies in the relevant field. Irish companies in India were much broader with IT services, banking video gaming, oil exploration, media outlets, the Met Pro Group, property companies, cement companies, food processing, and software products industries represented.
Furthermore, a Science and Technology Cooperation Agreement was signed in 2006 with Ahern's visit to India. Furthermore, an estimated 1000 Indian students were said to be studying in Ireland, while 20,000 - 25,000 Indian and PIO's were said to reside in Ireland (16,000 - 18,000 of whom were Indian citizens).
And "Ireland India Council" also seeks to foster business ties between the two states. The Council sought to increase "People to People Contact," "Cultural Exchange" engendered through cultural awareness as a necessary attribute to nurturing bilateral relations and / or economic interactions, as "Exchange of Ideas," and more importantly "Business-to-Business Interaction." The council said it existed to provide services for: 
The Ireland India Business Association (IIBA) was founded in May 2008 to enhance and increase commercial links between Irish and Indian businesses.
Cultural relations.
During a visit to India in November 2012 with delegation from 16 universities, Minister for Education and Skills Ciaran Cannon said that the two countries have "old ties" and there were many Irish missionaries who run schools in India. He also announced: "We want very strong education ties with India. We not only want Indian students to come to Ireland but we also want Irish students to come to India. Ireland to grow, needs trade. If our students have international exposure, it will be easier for us to grow." In this vein, he unveiled several scholarships for Indian students to study in Ireland. IUA's International Education Manager Sinead Lucey said: "Choosing Ireland is a very smart choice for students in areas such as IT, pharmaceuticals and food where there are not enough graduates to fill the jobs. In fact, Ireland has been looking to India to fill some of these jobs. Also, the number of multinational companies in Ireland is something you won’t get in other countries and they continue to create job opportunities for skilled graduates." It followed the enticing prospect of extended visas to work in Ireland with chances to apply for residency and citizenship.
Bilateral visits.
PM nehru: 1949 & 1956<br>
President S. Radhakrishnan: 1964<br>
President N. Sanjiva Reddy: 1982
Éamon de Valera: 1948<br>
President Patrick Hillery: 1978<br>
President Mary Robinson: 1993<br>
Taoiseach Garret FitzGerald: 1984<br>
Taoiseach Bertie Ahern: 2006

</doc>
<doc id="20228364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228364" title="Fabienne Serrat">
Fabienne Serrat

Fabienne Serrat (born July 5, 1956, in Le Bourg-d'Oisans, France) is a former world champion alpine ski racer.
At age 17, Serrat won two gold medals at the 1974 World Championships in St. Moritz, Switzerland, in the giant slalom and the combined events.
During her World Cup career she had three victories, 37 podiums, and 124 top ten finishes.
She retired from competition in 1984 at age 27 and married Swiss ski racer Peter Lüscher, the 1979 World Cup overall champion.

</doc>
<doc id="20228438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228438" title="Evan James">
Evan James

Evan James may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20228442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228442" title="Związek Organizacji Wojskowej">
Związek Organizacji Wojskowej

Związek Organizacji Wojskowej (abbr. ZOW, translated as Union of Military Organization) was an underground resistance organization formed by Witold Pilecki at Auschwitz concentration camp in 1940.
Beginning.
In 1940, Witold Pilecki, a member of the Polish resistance organisation Tajna Armia Polska (Secret Polish Army, TAP, later known as Armia Krajowa or Home Army), presented a plan to enter Germany's Auschwitz concentration camp, gather intelligence from the inside, and organize inmate resistance. His superiors approved this plan and provided him with a false identity card in the name of "Tomasz Serafiński". On 19 September 1940, he deliberately went out during a street round-up in Warsaw - łapanka, and was caught by the Germans along with other civilians and sent to Auschwitz. He was the only known person ever to volunteer to be imprisoned in Auschwitz.
Forming ZOW in Auschwitz.
In the camp Pilecki was known as Tomasz Serafiński (Prison Number 4859) and began the work of organising the Związek Organizacji Wojskowej (ZOW). ZOW would become the Auschwitz branch of Armia Krajowa and its aims were to improve inmate morale, provide news from outside, distribute extra food and clothing, and set up intelligence networks.
ZOW was organized in a cell network of "Fives", whereby each five agents knew nothing about their comrads. The first "Five" was formed out of Pilecki's TAP members, various captured soldiers of the Polish army. It included: Dr. Władysław Dering - number 1723, Lieutenant-Colonel Władysław Surmacki - number 2795, Jerzy Hlebowicz - the false name of Captain Jerzy de Virion - number 3507, Eugeniusz Obojski - number 194 and Roman Zagner - number unknown. This group was nicknamed the "High Five" of ZOW. Its commander was Lieutenant-Colonel Władysław Surmacki.
By 1941 ZOW had grown substantially with "High Five" creating numerous sub-groups. Despite being an arm of the Polish resistance, membership was not limited to Poles, though Jewish members had a much lower life expectancy since the Germans prioritized exterminating Jews over Polish prisoners. Notable members of ZOW included the famous Polish sculptor Xawery Dunikowski and ski champion Bronisław Czech. ZOW members worked in the camp's SS administration office (Mrs. Rachwalowa, Capt. Rodziewicz, Mr. Olszowka, Mr. Jakubski, Mr. Miciukiewicz), the magazines (Mr. Czardybun) and the Sonderkommando, which burned human corpses (Mr. Szloma Dragon and Mr. Henryk Mendelbaum). The organisation had its own system of enforcing order (with a secret criminal court) as well as supply lines to the outside. Thanks to civilians living nearby, the organisation regularly received medical supplies. Inmates even constructed a radio receiver and hid it in the camp hospital.
Many smaller and non-Polish underground organisations at Auschwitz eventually merged with ZOW. In the autumn of 1941, Colonel Jan Karcz was transferred to the newly created Birkenau death camp, where he proceeded to organise more ZOW structures. By spring of 1942, the organization had over 1,000 members, including women and people of other nationalities, at most sub-camps.
Meanwhile the Gestapo redoubled its efforts to ferret out ZOW members, and from late 1942 succeeded in killing many of them.
Intelligence.
From October 1940, ZOW sent numerous reports about the camp and its means of genocide to Polish resistance's Home Army Headquarters in Warsaw. ZOW's first report reached the Polish resistance in November 1940. A shortwave transmitter hidden in Block 11 also sent information directly to the Polish government-in-exile in London. Beginning March 1941, Pilecki's reports were being forwarded via the Polish resistance to the government in exile and onwards to the British government and other Allied nations. These reports were the first about the Holocaust and a principal source of intelligence on Auschwitz for the Western Allies. Nonetheless, those reports were discarded as "too extreme" by Allied intelligence chiefs for much of the war.
Unrealized plans for an uprising.
Pilecki planned for the liberation of the camp, hoping that the Allies would drop arms or troops into the Auschwitz (such as the Polish 1st Independent Parachute Brigade, based in Britain), or the Home Army could organize an assault by land. Pilecki's agents trained meticulously for their chance to seize the camp from their guards at the hint of Allied relief.
Nevertheless, by 1943 Pilecki had realized no possibility of rescue existed outside the camp. Deciding to break out of the camp, and hoping to personally convince the Home Army that a rescue attempt was a valid option, when he was assigned to a night shift at a camp bakery outside the fence, he and two comrades overpowered a guard, cut the phone line and escaped on the night of 26–27 April 1943, taking along documents stolen from the Germans. In the event of capture, they were prepared to swallow cyanide. After several days, with the help of local civilians, they contacted a Home Army unit. Pilecki submitted another detailed report on conditions at Auschwitz which was forwarded to London, but the British authorities refused air support for an operation to help the inmates escape. An air raid was considered too risky, and Home Army reports on Nazi atrocities at Auschwitz were deemed to be gross exaggerations. In turn, the Home Army decided that it wasn't able to storm the camp by itself.
In October 1944 ZOW aided the Jewish Sonderkommando revolt at the camp, providing the explosives for the uprising.
Lost memory.
After the war, Witold Pilecki was jailed by the communists, who executed him in 1948. Until 1989, information on his exploits and fate was suppressed by the Polish communist regime.

</doc>
<doc id="20228447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228447" title="Stikine Plateau">
Stikine Plateau

The Stikine Plateau is a plateau in northern British Columbia, Canada. It lies between the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains on the west and southwest and the Cassiar Mountains along its northeast, and between the Skeena Mountains on its south and southeast and the Jennings and Nakina Rivers on the north.
Sub-plateaus and mountain ranges.
The plateau has a number of sub-plateaus:

</doc>
<doc id="20228454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228454" title="McKinley Birthplace Home and Research Center">
McKinley Birthplace Home and Research Center

The McKinley Birthplace Home and Research Center is a reconstruction of a home on the site of the birth of America's twenty-fifth President, William McKinley, in Niles, Ohio.
History.
Original structure.
President William McKinley was born in a small wood plank sided home in Niles on January 29, 1843. The original two-story eight-room house had a total of approximately , and was moved twice before it was destroyed by fire in 1937.
Rebuilding efforts.
In 1994, a local bank donated the former McKinley Bank Building that stood on the site of the birthplace to the city of Niles. By 1999, with $83,000 secured from the state of Ohio, the McKinley Bank Building was demolished, leading the way for construction of a replica McKinley birthplace.
The McKinley Memorial Library was granted the site at 40 South Main Street in 2001, and quickly acquired one additional lot for the future Birthplace Home and Research Center. Demolition on the remaining lot commenced in the fall of that year.
Youngstown, Ohio-based architecture firm Olsavsky-Jaminet headed design efforts, aided by DSV Builders as general contractors.
Groundbreaking for the new structure was held on April 28, 2002; the new facility opened to the public after a dedication ceremony held on May 4, 2003, attended by several local government officials, at which the site was presented with an Ohio Historical Marker.
Current status.
The two-story structure is physically larger and only bears a slight resemblance to historic photographs of McKinley’s actual birthplace. The current facility houses a library of McKinley materials, a gift shop, meeting space, and a computer lab.
According to the Home & Research Center's Web site, it is open to the public on the first weekend of each month from September to May.[http://www.mckinley.lib.oh.us/McKinleyHome/default.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20228495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228495" title="Florida Comptroller">
Florida Comptroller

The Florida Comptroller was the state comptroller of Florida from 1845 to 2003 (when the position was merged with the position of Florida State Treasurer/Insurance Commissioner/Fire Marshal to create the post of Chief Financial Officer of Florida following amendments to the state Constitution). The Comptroller was a member of the Florida Cabinet and was elected by the Florida Legislature until 1865, when it became an elected office. 
The Comptroller was Florida's chief fiscal officer. The post was created in the 1838 Constitution and the first Comptroller took office in 1845 and assumed the duties of the Auditor of Public Accounts of Florida Territory. 
The Comptroller initially was in charge of the Comptroller's Office, whose duties where transferred to the Department of Banking and Finance in 1969 (the Comptroller served as the head of the Department).

</doc>
<doc id="20228503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228503" title="The Day Must Dawn">
The Day Must Dawn

The Day Must Dawn is a historical novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888–1982) set in 1777 in Hanna's Town, Pennsylvania, a frontier settlement thirty miles east of Pittsburgh.
The novel is an 18th-century pioneer romance about a mother toughened by hardships, as well as a parallel story of her daughter and her final choice between two men who offer different futures. The mother tries to have her daughter go east to a more civilized life. The novel peaks with the burning of Hanna's Town in July 1782 by British-allied American Indians led by Guyasuta. The story concludes with her acceptance that her daughter will marry a frontiersman and go west to even wilder country.

</doc>
<doc id="20228511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228511" title="Victor Öhman">
Victor Öhman

Peter Victor Öhman (born April 7, 1992) is a Swedish junior and professional ice hockey player. He is currently a left winger for Malmö Redhawks in HockeyAllsvenskan and J20 SuperElit.

</doc>
<doc id="20228513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228513" title="Alhambra Theatre (San Francisco)">
Alhambra Theatre (San Francisco)

The Alhambra Theatre is a Moorish Revival movie theater building at 2330 Polk Street in San Francisco, California that opened on November 5, 1926. The theatre was designed by architect Timothy L. Pflueger, who also designed the Castro Theater and the Paramount Theater in Oakland, California. 
The Alhambra Theatre once had 1,625 seats when it opened, and later was converted to twin theaters in 1976. It reopened as a single screen in 1988, and finally closed as a movie theater on 22 February 1998. It was designated official San Francisco landmark #217 on February 21, 1996.
The building is now occupied Crunch Fitness. The conversion to the gym has retained most of the interior detail and movies are shown on the still-present big screen. The balcony retains the aisles, which have been widened and there are only four. They accommodate about 80 cardio machines facing the screen.

</doc>
<doc id="20228522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228522" title="1984–85 KNVB Cup">
1984–85 KNVB Cup

The 67th edition of the KNVB Cup started on October 20, 1984. The final was played on June 6, 1985: FC Utrecht beat Helmond Sport 1–0 and won the cup for the first time. Replays were held if teams were tied after ninety minutes.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on October 20 and 21, 1984. The last six matches were played about one month later, on November 17 and 18.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on November 17 and 18, 1984.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played on March 13, 1985.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played on March 27, 1985.
Semi-finals.
The semi-finals were played on May 7, 1985.
Replays.
The replays were played on May 21 and 22, 1985.
Final.
FC Utrecht would play in the Cup Winners' Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20228524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228524" title="Im Chang-jung">
Im Chang-jung

Im Chang-jung (born November 30, 1973) is a South Korean actor and singer.

</doc>
<doc id="20228535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228535" title="Bangtaesan">
Bangtaesan

Bangtaesan is a mountain in the county of Inje, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20228540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228540" title="Typhoon Haishen">
Typhoon Haishen

The name Haishen has been used to name two tropical cyclones in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. The name was contributed by China and literally means "God of sea".

</doc>
<doc id="20228553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228553" title="Brian Barrett">
Brian Barrett

Brian Joseph Barrett (born 16 November 1966) is a former New Zealand cricketer who played first-class cricket for Auckland, Northern Districts and Worcestershire, also playing List A games for Northern Districts and Worcestershire and appearing at Youth Test and Youth One-day International level for his country. He was part of the New Zealand team that toured England in 1986, but never played a Test or ODI.
Barrett's first-class debut came for Worcestershire against Cambridge University in June 1985; in a drawn match in which little play was possible, he took the single wicket of Shaun Gorman and did not bat.
He only ever made one further first-team appearance for the county, when he took 0-43 in eight overs and scored 5 not out against Gloucestershire in a John Player League match at Moreton-in-Marsh near the end of the season.
Returning to New Zealand, he appeared three times for Auckland in the 1985-86 Shell Trophy, collecting five wickets in his first game against Canterbury;
he then played several times for New Zealand Young Cricketers against their touring Australian counterparts, making five Youth Test and two Youth ODI appearances, although without any startling success. Back in England for 1986, he was unable to break into the Worcestershire first team, but in July and August he turned out a number of times for the touring New Zealanders, though without gaining any international honours or indeed more than three wickets in any innings. He also accompanied his country to the Netherlands for two minor games.
Barrett moved from Auckland to Northern Districts for the 1986-87 season, and in a Shell Cup game against Otago in late December 1986 recorded by far his best innings figures in any major match, claiming 6-12 from ten overs. This was the first (and, as of 2008, remains the only) time that a Northern Districts player had taken six wickets in a List A innings.
However, it was not quite enough: Otago won the match by one wicket.
More home Youth internationals against the Australians followed later that season, although again without any eye-catching figures.
He played on for Northern Districts for a couple more seasons, several times taking four wickets in a first-class innings but never managing to go one better. His career-best innings return in the longer game was 4-32, achieved against his old club of Auckland in February 1989, although his accomplishment was somewhat overshadowed by the 18-year-old Chris Cairns' maiden first-class century, rather eclipsing his previous personal best of 32!
Barrett played only one match in the 1989-90 season, and his career ended unsuccessfully with no wickets against Wellington.

</doc>
<doc id="20228558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228558" title="Martha Diaz">
Martha Diaz

Martha Diaz is a community organizer, media producer, archivist, curator, social entrepreneur, and adjunct professor at New York University's Gallatin School. From 2002-2012, Diaz served as chair and executive director of the Hip-Hop Association, and produced the H2O International Film Festival and Hip-Hop Education Summit. In 2010, Diaz founded the Hip-Hop Education Center. In 2012, Diaz was appointed Hip-Hop Scholar-In-Residence at the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="20228601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228601" title="Bawisan">
Bawisan

Bawisan is a mountain in the city of Chuncheon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20228612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228612" title="Midnight Black">
Midnight Black

Midnight Black, born Tracey Sewell, is an American record producer and songwriter from Atlanta, Georgia; known for his street and club anthems, solid production with hard-hitting basses, crazy drum patterns, powerful brass as well as strings with dominating synths,with a flipside of neo-soul with luscious chords and unpredictable melodies with hard hitting drums, trendsetter, fluent in HIP HOP, R&B, POP, COUNTRY, ROCK, REGGAE, AND GOSPEL

</doc>
<doc id="20228618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228618" title="Quit (band)">
Quit (band)

Quit was a pop-punk band from Miami, Florida, formed in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Quit helped pioneer the pop-punk music scene and helped pave the way for bands such as Green Day and Blink-182 to go mainstream.
History.
Quit had numerous band members while they were active. Members that are credited for their Earlier Thoughts are Russell Mofsky lead guitar, Addison Burns lead vocals and rhythm guitar, Tony Rocha bass and Andre Serafini Drums. All members contributed with backing vocals. Quit re-released the full-length album "Earlier Thoughts" on Rojo Records.
In the summer of 2002, Quit played a couple of reunion shows in Miami. The shows in Miami 2002 where the last time that Quit has played live. In 2003 they were closing in on having an album titled "Grazing Days" released on Purple Skunk Records. But as of January 3, 2008 have not released an album to the public.
A re-release of Earlier Thoughts on compact disc is scheduled for 2011.
Albums.
record. Includes 2 bonus live tracks from their 1992 WLRN appearance.)

</doc>
<doc id="20228644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228644" title="Lucienne Schmith">
Lucienne Schmith

Lucienne Schmith was a French alpine skier and world champion. 
Schmith received a gold medal at the 1954 World Championships in Åre, winning the giant slalom.

</doc>
<doc id="20228652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228652" title="2008–09 A-League National Youth League">
2008–09 A-League National Youth League

The A-League National Youth League's 2008-09 season is the first season of the Australian A-League National Youth League football competition.
Regular season.
Home and away season.
The 2008–09 A-League National Youth League season will be played over 21 rounds, followed by a finals series.
Leading Scorers.
"(Current as of end of the regular season)"

</doc>
<doc id="20228659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228659" title="Bokgyesan">
Bokgyesan

Bokgyesan is a mountain in the county of Cheorwon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20228693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228693" title="Kairiru language">
Kairiru language

Kairiru is one of three Kairiru languages spoken mainly on Kairiru and Mushu islands and in several coastal villages on the mainland between Cape Karawop and Cape Samein near Wewak in East Sepik Province of Papua New Guinea.
Morphology.
Pronouns and person markers.
One remarkable feature of the pronoun system of Kairiru is that it appears to have lost the distinction between 1st person inclusive and exclusive pronouns throughout its affix paradigms, but then recreated inclusive forms in its independent pronouns by combining 1st person and 2nd person forms along the lines of Tok Pisin "yumi" (< "yu" + "mi"). The inclusive-exclusive distinction is almost universal among Austronesian languages but generally lacking in Papuan languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20228704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228704" title="Wiltshire County Council election, 2001">
Wiltshire County Council election, 2001

Elections to Wiltshire County Council were held on 7 June 2001. The whole council was up for election and the Conservatives held onto control.
As with other county elections in England, these local elections in Wiltshire took place on the same day as the United Kingdom general election, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20228705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228705" title="Dušan Mihajlović (politician)">
Dušan Mihajlović (politician)

Dušan Mihajlović (born in 1948 in Valjevo, Serbia) is a Serbian politician. Mihajlović was the founder and president of the New Democracy political party with its base in Valjevo, Serbia. Mihajlović earned a degree from the University of Belgrade's Law School. Mihajlović was an elected Member of the National Assembly of Serbia between 1993 and 1999.
During the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia presidential election, 2000, Mihajlović participated in the Democratic Opposition of Serbia. He served as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Interior in the 2001-2004 government. Mihajlović was the leader of the Liberals of Serbia party.

</doc>
<doc id="20228722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228722" title="Bokjusan">
Bokjusan

Bokjusan is a mountain in the county of Cheorwon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20228736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228736" title="Regional geochemistry">
Regional geochemistry

Regional geochemistry is the study of the spatial variation in the chemical composition of materials at the surface of the Earth, on a scale of tens to thousands of kilometres. Important parameters to consider when designing or evaluating a geochemical survey are:

</doc>
<doc id="20228746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228746" title="ES Viry-Châtillon">
ES Viry-Châtillon

L'Entente Sportive Viry-Châtillon is a French Association football team, based in Viry-Châtillon, Paris. It currently plays in "Championnat de France amateur" Group D, the fourth tier in the French football league system, holding home games at the "Stade Henri Longuet", which has a capacity of 5,700.
History.
Founded in 1958 after two local sides, "L'Union Sportive de Viry", which existed between 1932 to 1958, and FC Viry, (1952–58), merged.
In July 2008, the club reportedly came to an agreement with nearby club AS Evry for another merge.
Current squad.
"As of 25 October 2012."

</doc>
<doc id="20228780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228780" title="Ballads of a Hangman">
Ballads of a Hangman

Ballads of a Hangman is the fourteenth studio album by the German heavy metal band Grave Digger, and was released on January 27th, 2009. It is the first Grave Digger album to feature two guitarists, the only one to feature Thilo Hermann who co-wrote the album but was asked to leave soon after its release and also the last one with Manni Schmidt who left the band in October 2009 due to personal differences with Chris Boltendahl.
The semi-ballad "Lonely The Innocence Dies" featuring Veronica Freeman of Benedictum was noted for being close to a harder version of "Where The Wild Roses Grow" by Kylie Minogue and Nick Cave.
Track listing.
All music composed by Boltendahl/Schmidt/Hermann

</doc>
<doc id="20228782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228782" title="Queen Louise League">
Queen Louise League

The "Queen Louise League" or Königin-Luise-Bund, often shortened to Luisenbund, was a German pro-monarchic women's organization. It was established in 1923 during the time of the Weimar Republic and lasted until the first years of the Third Reich. This organization was inspired on the figure of Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, Queen of Prussia, held in reverence by many Germans of the time. The Bund Königin Luise had also a children branch known as Kinderkreis (Children Circle).
The Queen Louise League as an organization had cultic overtones built around the veneration of the former Prussian queen as a role model for all German women. She became idealized for her feminine virtues, her determination and her love for her country, as well as for her beauty and the fact that Napoleon, portrayed as an "enemy of everything German", hated her. The league's ideals were distilled into a booklet named "ABC für unsere Arbeit" (ABC for our Work) which every member had to know by heart. Like many of the emergent nationalistic movements of the time, this organization was highly structured, with local branches all over Germany.
History.
The Queen Louise League was politically very close to far-right German parties of the time, like the German National People's Party (DNVP) and the Stahlhelm paramilitary organization, since its establishment. Many wives of Stahlhelm members belonged to the Queen Louise League and they were, like their husbands, strongly opposed to democracy and in favor of German re-armament. 
After the Machtergreifung, or takeover of the government by Adolf Hitler, the Queen Louise League was initially welcomed by the Nazi party as an ally. There were strong bonds between both movements owing to their common extremely conservative ideology and solid German nationalism.
Campaigning along with the brownshirts for a "Greater Germany" with expanded borders and "freedom from weight of the reparations", the League's members had taken active part in parades and events organized by the Nazis even before their accession to power. The Queen Louise League shared as well with the Reichskolonialbund the demand for the return of the former German colonies.
Despite its ideological affinity with most of the Third Reich's nationalistic ideals, the Queen Louise League was disbanded all the same by the Nazi government in 1934. The reason was the difference in local practices, be it at the Gau or national level, which didn't match those wished by the Nazi leadership of the country. Following its dissolution the members and departments of the Königin-Luise-Bund were integrated into the corresponding branches for women and children of the Nazi Party, like the NS-Frauenschaft (Nazi Women's League), Bund Deutscher Mädel (League of German Girls) and its children section into the National Socialist Schoolchildren's League (NSS) or the "Kinderschar" of the Nazi Women's League.

</doc>
<doc id="20228791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228791" title="Bongboksan">
Bongboksan

Bongboksan is a mountain in the counties of Hoengseong and Hongcheon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of . 

</doc>
<doc id="20228904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228904" title="Ariko Iso">
Ariko Iso

Ariko Iso (born December 7, 1970 in Tokyo, Japan) is an athletic trainer for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League. In 2002 Iso became the first full-time female athletic trainer in the NFL. On June 1, 2011 Ariko announced she was leaving the Steelers and returning to Oregon State University to become the head football athletic trainer for the Beavers effective June 10, 2011. 
Iso became interested in athletic training after tearing her ACL while playing basketball and after hearing Oregon State University exercise physiologist Chris Zauner while in high school in Tokyo. Iso then attended Oregon State, earning her bachelor's degree in 1993. She then attended San Jose State University and earned her master's degree in 1995. She began athletic training while at San Jose State and worked at the 1994 FIFA World Cup. She was hired by Portland State University in 1996. At Portland State she worked with women's basketball, wrestling, and track and field before becoming the head football athletic trainer. In 2000 and 2001 she worked as an intern at the Steelers' training camp. She was hired by the Steelers in 2002 to fill an open position, becoming the NFL's first full-time female athletic trainer. When hired, Iso became just the third female in male professional sports, with two in the NBA. She worked at the 2005 Pro Bowl with Steelers coach Bill Cowher in Honolulu, Hawaii. As an assistant athletic trainer, Iso is responsible for reviewing applications for the team's summer program that she previously participated in. Of all the applications, Iso said she receives 100–200 from women.

</doc>
<doc id="20228951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228951" title="Milford Wind">
Milford Wind

The Milford Wind is a wind farm north of Milford in the territory of Beaver and Millard counties, Utah, United States. It is the Utah's largest wind energy project with total capacity of 306 MW. The project was developed in tho phases by First Wind.
The first phase with a capacity of 204 MW has 97 wind turbines, including 58 Clipper Liberty 2.5-MW wind turbines and 39 GE 1.5 MW wind turbines. It went online in November 2009 and supported more than 300 development and construction jobs. First Wind spent about US$30 million with Utah-based businesses developing and building the first phase of the project. Another $50 million was spent statewide on items such as wages and taxes.
A second phase of the project began in July 2010 and foundations were poured in October. The expansion adds another 68 GE 1.5-MW turbines for a total of an additional 102 MW. On 9 May 2011 the company announced that Phase II was online.
There is a proposal to build the third phase with up to 300 wind turbines.
The power being generated by this project is currently being sold to the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, and the Glendale Public Service Department.

</doc>
<doc id="20228974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228974" title="The Investigators (Irish TV series)">
The Investigators (Irish TV series)

The Investigators is an Irish scientific television series broadcast on RTÉ One. The series examines some of the most interesting projects being worked on by leading Irish scientists across the globe and assesses what potential impact they may have in the future. The selection of projects is diverse, ranging from the identification of a protein which may help to arrest and even reverse the onset of Alzheimer's disease to the design of a camera which can capture an extraterrestrial event that happened billions of years ago. Each programme focuses on a specific area of life such as Ireland in Space, Ageing, Sensors, Climate Change, Crops of the Future and the Nano Revolution. The series airs each Thursday at 23:05.
Synopsis.
Series one.
Series one was broadcast on RTÉ in seven parts from 8 November 2007.
Series two.
Series two began broadcasting on 6 November 2008. It featured researchers from UCD in five of its episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="20228992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20228992" title="Carisbrook railway station">
Carisbrook railway station

Carisbrook railway station is a closed railway station on the Moolort railway line at Carisbrook, Victoria. The station was opened on Tuesday, 7 July 1874.
Although no longer in use Carisbrook retains a bricks station building, platform and goods shed.
Calls for Reopening.
A movement for the re-opening of the railway line has been gaining momentum over the past 2 years. On Sunday 8th December 2013 a Community Rally calling for the reopening of the railway station and the railway line will take place. A discussion on the rally and the Group Rally for the return of rail services can be found on Railpage

</doc>
<doc id="20229003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229003" title="The Rolling Years">
The Rolling Years

The Rolling Years is the first novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888–1982) and it is set in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, just east of Pittsburgh.
It is a family chronicle (1852–1910) of three generations of Scottish-American Presbyterians in rural Western Pennsylvania and their struggles to maintain their strict faith. The first generation is Daniel and Sarah McDowell, a farm couple. Sarah bears 12 children (of whom five survive) to her dour Calvinistic husband; her bitterness about her repeated, difficult confinements is effectively shown. The second generation is about their children, David and Jeannie. David moves to Pittsburgh where he becomes a judge. Jeannie marries a minister who has been serving as the local school teacher to earn money to complete his education. Jeannie's daughter, Constance, represents the third generation. She becomes a school teacher and struggles to find her place in a changing world. The novel dramatizes the gradual weakening of the strict Calvinism of the Scottish immigrants in an increasingly secular society.

</doc>
<doc id="20229009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229009" title="Stefan Petrucha">
Stefan Petrucha

Stefan Petrucha (born January 27, 1959) is an American writer of comics and young adult fiction. He has written graphic novels in the "The X-Files" and "Nancy Drew" series, as well as science fiction and horror.
Career.
Stefan Petrucha has been a tech writer, an educational writer, a public relations writer and an editor for trade journals.

</doc>
<doc id="20229043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229043" title="Invasion of Île Bonaparte">
Invasion of Île Bonaparte

The Invasion of Île Bonaparte was an amphibious operation in 1810 that formed an important part of the British campaign to blockade and capture the French Indian Ocean territories of Île Bonaparte (now Réunion) and Isle de France (now Mauritius) during the Napoleonic Wars. These islands formed a fortified base for a French frigate squadron under Commodore Jacques Hamelin to raid British convoys of East Indiamen travelling between Britain and British India. Hamelin's ships had destroyed two convoys the previous year despite the attention of a squadron of Royal Navy ships under Commodore Josias Rowley. Rowley had responded by raiding the fortified anchorage of Saint Paul on Île Bonaparte and capturing one of Hamelin's frigates and two captured East Indiamen.
The raid had an unforeseen consequence, when the commander of Île Bonaparte General Nicolas Des Bruslys, committed suicide rather than lead the garrison against the British landing parties. This encouraged Rowley to consider a larger operation to seize the whole island. Using the small British-held island of Rodriguez as a base, Rowley and his British Army counterpart Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Keating planned to land two forces either side of the island's capital Saint Denis and force the governor to capitulate before the island's militia could be mobilised against them.
The plan was launched on 7 July 1810 as two combined forces of British sailors, soldiers, sepoys and Royal Marines landed at separate beaches. Although a number of men were drowned in the heavy surf, the majority of the invasion force reached the beaches safely and marched inland, attacking French outposts as they approached the capital. Recognising that his demoralised garrison would be unable to defend Saint Denis and that the militia would take too long to mobilise, the French commander Colonel Chrysostôme de Sainte-Suzanne surrendered the island, its garrison and its stores to Rowley.
Background.
The French Indian Ocean islands of Île Bonaparte and Isle de France had provided a secure base for French privateers and French Navy frigates to operate against British shipping in the region for the entire French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars. In 1808, determined to capitalise on this poorly defended region of British trade, the French government ordered Commodore Jacques Hamelin in "Vénus" to sail to Isle de France where he would be joined by three other large and powerful frigates with specific orders to target British trade. Dispersing his frigates into the Bay of Bengal, Hamelin had some success during 1809: "Caroline" capturing two East Indiamen at the Action of 31 May 1809 and Hamelin himself seizing three at the Action of 18 November 1809. The French squadron also captured a number of smaller British warships and the large Portuguese frigate "Minerve".
To counteract Hamelin's ships, the British commander in the region Admiral Albemarle Bertie had ordered Commodore Josias Rowley to operate off the islands with a squadron of Royal Navy frigates, with instructions to disrupt French movements and prepare for future invasion attempts. Rowley's ships had some successes: one of the East Indiamen captured by Hamelin was retaken by a blockading frigate in December 1809, but he was largely powerless to prevent the large French ships leaving their fortified anchorages at will. Rowley's first action to address this problem was to request a British Army force from the government in Madras. This force, made up of British soldiers and Honourable East India Company (HEIC) sepoys, was used to capture the tiny island of Rodriguez. Rodriguez provided a secure harbour, at which Rowley's ships could collect supplies and repair minor damage within a short sailing distance of the French islands: previously the British ships had been forced to return to Madras or the Cape of Good Hope, decreasing the time available for operations against the islands. Rodriguez also provided Rowley with a staging post from which he could prepare the planned invasions and, in September 1809, he led an amphibious operation against the defences of the harbour of Saint Paul on Île Bonaparte.
The Raid on Saint Paul was an important demonstration of Rowley's ability to strike at the French anchorages directly. Landing men at unwatched beaches, the British soldiers, sailors and Royal Marines of the landing party were able to storm the defences from the landward side and rout the defenders. This allowed Rowley's squadron to enter the harbour and capture "Caroline" and a number of smaller ships that were docked there. The attack caused consternation on the island and its commander, Nicolas Des Bruslys, committed suicide rather than order his troops to attack the British positions. Unopposed, Rowley was able to destroy the defences and public works in the town before leaving with large quantities of captured supplies and ships. Colonel Chrysostome Sainte-Suzanne replaced Des Bruslys but was unable to effectively defend the island with the remaining garrison in the event of a concerted invasion.
Preparation.
In early 1810, as the cyclone season came to an end, Hamelin ordered a squadron of frigates under Captain Guy-Victor Duperré to attack British convoys in the Bay of Bengal. Duperré was initially unsuccessful, but after sailing to Madagascar for a brief refit he encountered and defeated a convoy in the Action of 3 July 1810. The British response to the French depredations was already in progress: in late June, Rowley sailed with two frigates to Rodriguez, leaving Captain Samuel Pym off Isle de France with the remainder. On Rodriguez, Rowley and Lieutenant Colonel Henry Keating conferred on the best method of invading and rapidly subduing the island, determining that the best plan was to land soldiers either side of the island's capital Saint Denis and defeat the garrison outside the town, forcing the new governor to surrender.
The government in Madras had augmented the garrison of Rodriguez over the previous year, so that by June 1810 it stood at over 3,650 men: 1,800 British Army regulars and 1,850 HEIC Army sepoys under Keating's overall command. To transport these troops, Rowley called up his own frigate HMS "Boadicea" and HMS "Nereide" under Captain Nesbit Willoughby, a veteran of the raid on Saint Paul who was still recovering from an accidental explosion two months before that had inflicted severe facial injuries. Among the passengers on "Boadicea" was Robert Townsend Farquhar, a diplomat and trader with the HEIC who had been sent from London to assume governorship of the islands once they had been captured. On 6 July, Rowley's force rendezvoused with the squadron under Pym, consisting of his frigate HMS "Sirius", HMS "Iphigenia" under Captain Henry Lambert and HMS "Magicienne" under Captain Lucius Curtis.
Invasion.
Rowley's squadron and a number of supporting transport ships reached Île Bonaparte on 7 July. The main body, under Rowley, approached Sainte-Marie at 14:00, to draw French forces away from Grande Chaloupe, where "Sirius" was secretly landing the first "brigade" under Lieutenant Colonel Frazier. This force of 950 soldiers, a small battery of howitzers and the supplies needed for the campaign was landed without loss under the direction of Navy Lieutenant John Wyatt Watling, who had landed first and secured the beach with a party of seamen, distributing the soldiers and supplies as they came ashore. Advancing rapidly to seize the heights over the beach, Frazier drove off French outposts and snipers and cut the main road between Saint Denis and Saint Paul, hampering French communications and the movement of reinforcements.
To the east, on the other side of Saint Denis, Rowley ordered his forces to land. The first ashore was intended to be Nesbit Willoughby in a schooner named "Estafette", to secure the beach and organise the landing forces. However as this boat approached the beach the wind strengthened and built up a powerful surf, which smashed the schooner ashore with enough force to break it apart: four of the 150-strong landing party were drowned. Realising that the smaller transports would be similarly overwhelmed by the waves, Keating ordered a small brig named "Ulney" driven on shore as a breakwater. This allowed a number of additional boats to safely reach the beach but did not provide enough cover for a full landing before nightfall.
By the morning of 8 July, the French had still failed to concentrate their forces, which consisted of 576 regular French Army soldiers and 2,717 militia dispersed across the island. Seeing that a landing on the beach at Grande Chaloupe was still practical, Captains Rowley and Lambert successfully landed their contingents, providing Keating with sufficient force to march on Saint Denis. While Keating was landing, Frazier had advanced on the capital from the west, storming a French barricade on the road from Saint Paul and routing its defenders with minimal casualties. Brushing aside French resistance in a series of minor skirmishes, Keating and Frazier's forces closed on Saint Denis. The advancing British were met at 18:00 by representatives of Sainte-Suzanne, who later signed a capitulation that surrendered the entire island to Rowley, Keating and Farquhar with its garrison and supplies.
Offshore, "Sirius" had blockaded Saint Paul after landing her soldiers and, on 9 July, observed a ship attempting to break out of the harbour after hearing news of the surrender. The "Sirius"'s barge was sent to pursue the fugitive, under the command of Lieutenant George Norman. In an exhausting twelve hour chase, Norman was able to catch and board the ship, revealed to be a privateer named "Edward" carrying four guns and 30 men. Norman was able to defeat the crew in a brief struggle in which three men were wounded, and discovered that she was carrying despatches from the French government for the authorities on Isle de France, all of which fell into British hands.
Aftermath.
The invasion cost the British a combined total of 22 dead and 79 wounded, including those drowned in the wreck of "Estafette". Most of the other casualties had been incurred in the skirmishes on the road to Saint Denis and French casualties, although not known, were probably of a similar number. The French failed to put up a meaningful resistance to the British force, which rapidly established beachheads and carried French outposts without facing significant opposition. The island reverted to its pre-Revolutionary name of Bourbon following the invasion, and Farquhar briefly assumed the governorship before moving to Mauritius upon that island's capture in December 1810. Keating replaced him in command and remained in the position until 1814, when the island was restored to France at the end of the Napoleonic Wars.
The success allowed British forces to concentrate against the one remaining French territory in the Indian Ocean, Isle de France. Bourbon provided a number of secure anchorages and plentiful supplies for the British frigate squadron, becoming Rowley and Keating's new headquarters. With a safe harbour only a short journey away, Rowley was able to despatch his frigates against French ports on Isle de France more frequently and more aggressively, developing a plan to seize small offshore islands near the main harbours on Isle de France to disrupt the passage of shipping and the ability of French frigates to use these ports as raiding bases. This plan ultimately led to the disastrous attempt to seize the shipping in Grand Port in which four frigates of Rowley's squadron were lost.

</doc>
<doc id="20229049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229049" title="(+)-cis-2-Aminomethylcyclopropane carboxylic acid">
(+)-cis-2-Aminomethylcyclopropane carboxylic acid

(+)-"cis"-2-Aminomethylcyclopropane carboxylic acid ((+)-CAMP) is a GABA agonist selective for the GABAA-ρ (previously known as GABAC) subtype.

</doc>
<doc id="20229081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229081" title="AS Lyon-Duchère">
AS Lyon-Duchère

Association Sportive Lyon-Duchère is a French association football team founded in 1964. They are based in Lyon, France and are currently playing in the Championnat de France Amateurs Group B, the fourth tier in the French football league system. They play at the Stade de Balmont in Lyon, which has a capacity of 5,600.
Coupe de France success.
For such a relatively small club, Lyon-Duchère have achieved success is France's most prestigious cup competition, the Coupe de France. They reached the Round of 16 once back in 2006 defeating two Ligue 1 sides in the process. They have also reached the Round of 32 on three occasions, in 1995, 2007, and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20229169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229169" title="The Gown of Glory">
The Gown of Glory

The Gown of Glory is a 1952 novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888–1982). It is set in a fictional rural village of Ladykirk, which is much like the author's birthplace of New Alexandria, Pennsylvania, about thirty miles east of Pittsburgh.
Plot.
The story begins in 1881 when the Reverend David Lyall brings his new wife from the city to his rural manse expecting to stay only a year. Twenty-five years and three grown children later, David is still the spiritual leader of the Calvinist congregation. The plot explores the small joys and quiet griefs of a minister's life as well as what happens when a wealthy young man falls in love with the minister's daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20229190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229190" title="Octavio Bartolucci">
Octavio Bartolucci

Octavio Bartolucci (born Rosario, 8 March 1975) is an Argentine rugby union footballer. He plays as a wing.
He played for Club Atlético del Rosario, from 1993/94 to 1999/2000, in Argentina. He moved afterwards to SU Agen (2000/01), in France, and to Leeds Carnegie (2001/02), in England. He returned to Club Atlético del Rosário, where he played the rest of his career, from 2001/02 to 2008/09.
Bartolucci had 20 caps for Argentina, scoring 9 tries, 45 points in aggregate, from 1996 to 2003. He participated at the 1999 Rugby World Cup finals, playing in two matches. He won the South American Rugby Championship in 1998 and 2003. He missed the 2003 Rugby World Cup because of an injury.

</doc>
<doc id="20229193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229193" title="National Institute for Japanese Language and Linguistics">
National Institute for Japanese Language and Linguistics

The (NINJAL) is an independent administrative institution in Japan, established for the purpose of studying, surveying, promoting, and making recommendations for the proper usage of the Japanese language.
The institute is currently located in Tachikawa City in Tokyo, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20229200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229200" title="1981 Bristow Helicopters Westland Wessex crash">
1981 Bristow Helicopters Westland Wessex crash

G-ASWI was a Westland Wessex 60, operated by Bristow Helicopters operating between Bacton Gas Terminal, in Norfolk, and gas rigs in the North Sea. On 13 August 1981 the helicopter lost power to the main rotor gearbox, going out of control during the ensuing autorotation. The flight was carrying 11 gas workers from the Leman gas field to Bacton. All people on board were lost.
Aircraft.
G-ASWI had previously been the Westland Helicopters Company demonstrator before being purchased by Bristow Helicopters Ltd. in April 1970.
Accident and outcomes.
G-ASWI left the North Denes airfield at 13:47 on Friday 13 August 1981 on a routine passenger and freight flight between rigs on the Leman and Indefatigable gas fields. The crew consisted of a pilot and a cabin attendant.
At 15:41, returning from the Leman field to the landing site at Bacton, the commander, Ben Breach, sent a distress message reporting that he was ditching due to engine failure. 3 seconds later the aircraft was lost to radar. A Royal Air Force Search and Rescue Westland Sea King left RAF Coltishall at 15:47, sighting floating wreckage from G-ASWI at 15:57. There were no survivors.
Efforts to recover the wreck were delayed, meaning that the wreck was beyond recovery by the time salvage operations started. There was insufficient evidence to explain either the loss of power or loss of control that caused the aircraft to crash. The inquest into the deaths of those on board recorded an open verdict.

</doc>
<doc id="20229211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229211" title="Moolort railway station">
Moolort railway station

Moolort station was opened on 7 July 1874.
There is no longer a station platform at Moolort, however there are still sidings provided to grain silos and to ballast piles. On 17 December 2004, the line from Moolort to Maldon junction was closed, due to the line being reserved for the Victorian Goldfields Railway to operate between Maldon and Castlemaine. Ballast trains operate from Maryborough to Moolort.

</doc>
<doc id="20229212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229212" title="Banbury (disambiguation)">
Banbury (disambiguation)

Banbury is a market town located on the River Cherwell in northern Oxfordshire, England.
Banbury may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20229216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229216" title="Head of State of Cameroon">
Head of State of Cameroon

The Head of state of The republic of Cameroon are André-Marie Mbida Prime Minister of eastern Cameroon between 1957 and 1958 Ahmadou Ahidjo President of the federal Republic of Cameroon 1960-1972 and Paul Biya 1982-present President of the Republic of Cameroon. Western Cameroon has also
pre-independence Prime Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="20229240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229240" title="Sarah Groenewald">
Sarah Groenewald

Sarah Groenewald (born 5 May 1985 in Lilydale, Victoria) is a female Australian football (soccer) player who currently plays for Melbourne Victory in the W-League (Australia).
Playing as a midfielder, Groenwald has received some attention for the quality of her corner kicking.
Groenwald attended Luther College during her high school years.

</doc>
<doc id="20229256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229256" title="Container industry in China">
Container industry in China

China's container industry started in the late 1970s and early 1980s. After 20 years' development the annual production capacity is approximately 5.8 million TEU which is 145 times as large as 20 years before, accounting for over 96% of world's production capacity. 
China's container industry has made three world's records since 1993, namely:
Types.
With the requirements of the international shipping industry, the ISO containers (international standard) and non-ISO containers made in China are nearly all exported to other countries. The international market share of China's containers is getting larger and there have been various products released since 1993. The product structure was very simple at the beginning, but now it has various products for special purposes including many cargo containers such as warm-keeping containers, pot containers and dry bulk cargo containers, regional special containers and semi-trailer containers and so on. Altogether it has about 900 types with different sizes which can meet the needs of customers all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20229325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229325" title="The Knux">
The Knux

The Knux is an American alternative hip hop duo, formed in 2003, composed of brothers Kentrell "Krispy" Lindsey and Alvin "Joey" Lindsey. Both brothers are multi-instrumentalists, who sing and rap as well as produce the bulk of their own music. Their music contains elements of rock, electronic and pop music. The Knux are well known for their intense live shows; in 2009, they were invited to perform at almost every major music festival in North America . They have also toured with a slew of diverse artists spanning various genres, including Common, Q-Tip, Nas, The Roots, Shwayze, Lupe Fiasco, DJ AM, Travis Barker and DJ Cobra, among other renowned artists. The duo currently reside in Koreatown, Los Angeles, California. They released their debut album "Remind Me in 3 Days...", on October 28, 2008. They released their follow-up, "Eraser", on September 27, 2011.
History.
Early life and career beginnings.
The Lindsey brothers were born and raised in New Orleans, Louisiana by their single mother. The two brothers were initially not very close. Joey likes to describe their childhood as him being a nerd: "I was like the nerd, into video games and stuff like that, and Krispy was more like, popular and into hanging out and girls." True to their often cantankerous relationship, Krispy begs to differ: "Ah man, that’s just how Joey likes to say it, but that ain’t how it was. Joey was always a cool mu’fucka, it’s just that we didn’t fuck with each other like that." Although they shared the same roof, and the same interest in marching band, where they honed their playing prowess, the two ran in different circles in high school. Joey cites Nas’ second album "It Was Written" (1996) as the first rap album that he really listened to. Joey has credited the Gravediggaz second album "The Pick, the Sickle and the Shovel" (1997) as the album that brought them together: "I bought that tape and we’d just sit around after school listening to it all afternoon." Within a year of the two hanging out and writing rhymes, they hooked up with an uncle who was a local producer and started to create songs together. Krispy has said: "We started off calling ourselves The Knuckle Heads and we’d go over to his studio to make beats and songs." The brothers were displaced after Hurricane Katrina hit their hometown, after which the brothers relocated to Los Angeles, California.
2006-2008: "Remind Me in 3 Days...".
The Knux began to gain recognition in 2007, when they were the opening act for Common's Finding Forever Tour. "Cappuccino" was the first Knux song officially released by Interscope, featured in an episode of the fourth season of the HBO show Entourage as well as Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay; a video for the song was subsequently filmed. With the singles "Bang, Bang" and "Cappuccino" garnering attention, they released their debut album, "Remind Me in 3 Days...", was released in 2008. The album charted at number twenty-three on the U.S. Top Heatseekers.
2009-2011: "Eraser".
After spending most of 2009 touring to promote their debut album, 2010 had The Knux back in the studio working on their Sophomore release. They announced the title of the album to be "Eraser" due to them wanting to reshape their image: "With this album, we want to take those preconceived notions and shatter and erase them" said eldest brother Krispy. The album was initially to be released on June 21, 2011 but was pushed back to September. They recorded the album with Robert Orton who has handled production duties on Police and Lady Gaga albums.
On February 9, 2011, Consequence of Sound posted the song "She's So Up" which was later officially released on March 1 and serves as the album's first single. On July 12, 2011, The Knux released their second single titled "Run" featuring Kid Cudi. Unlike their previous effort, "Eraser" included guest appearances from artists such as Natalia Kills, Jack Davey, Blake Miller and Kid Cudi. The album was released on September 27, 2011.
2012-present: "KTWN".
On July 27, 2012, The Knux released the first offering from their new project "KTWN", a song titled "Animal". The project, "KTWN", stands for the place The Knux now call home: Koreatown in downtown Los Angeles. "Animal" is the first single from "KTWN" and it has them back to doing what they do best with a combination of high energy rapping, singing, and nice guitar work. Throughout August and September the duo toured in the U.S., and revealed plans to bring the electric live show to Japan, the U.K., and Paris. On November 7, 2012 "Toke Up", the second offering from "KTWN", was released. Their EP "KTWN", was released on November 26, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20229334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229334" title="Inspector Chen">
Inspector Chen

Inspector Chen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20229386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229386" title="Robert Furolo">
Robert Furolo

Robert Anthony Furolo is an Australian politician. He has been an Australian Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly since October 2008, representing the electorate of Lakemba.
Furolo was born in Sydney, and grew up in its outer western suburbs. He worked in the transport industry after leaving school, working as a McDonalds manager for a period, before returning to university to study economics and industrial relations. He was appointed as an advisor to his local MLA, member for Hurstville and future Premier Morris Iemma in 1994. He worked for Iemma for nine years, remaining on his staff after his appointment as a minister in 1999, before leaving to work as a public relations consultant in 2003.
Furolo was elected to the City of Canterbury council in 1999, and served a stint as its deputy mayor before standing for mayor in the 2004 election. He won that election, and was re-elected in 2008, recording one of the few swings to the Labor Party in an election where the party faced widespread losses across the state.
One week before his re-election as mayor, on 5 September 2008, Iemma resigned as Premier, resulting in widespread speculation that he would resign as the member for Lakemba. After delaying an announcement for two weeks, Iemma announced on 19 September that he would indeed retire; a move reportedly attributed to his efforts to see Furolo, his preferred choice, endorsed as his successor. Furolo subsequently won Labor preselection for what had been Labor's safest seat in the state, and easily won the seat, polling more than 58% of the primary vote, despite a 15% swing against Labor. He was sworn in as a member of the Legislative Assembly on 18 October, and as a member of the Legislative Review Committee on 30 October.
In October 2010, Furolo borrowed a Lamborghini (reportedly valued at $400,000) from local businessmen, ""the Kazzi brothers"", for the purposes of a "joyride". Furolo crashed the vehicle but was unhurt. No other vehicles were involved in the accident and no one was hurt.
Furolo is the father of two children, Isabella, who is thirteen, and Alexander, who is nine. Furolo mentions his beloved children in many of his speeches, including his inaugural speech, made in 2008, when he was originally elected as the Seat for Lakemba. Robert recently was re-elected as the Member for Lakemba on the 16th March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20229391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229391" title="November 2008 California wildfires">
November 2008 California wildfires

The November 2008 California wildfires were a series of wildfires that began burning across Southern California on November 13. At least 400 houses and 500 mobile homes were destroyed. According to USA Today these together with the October 2007 California wildfires were the worst California wildfires in two decades. 
The most significant fires were the following:
Reaction.
Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa told residents, "If you wait until the fire gets there you have waited too long, this fire can be on you in a moment's notice." California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency in Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and Orange Counties. Governor Schwarzenegger described the conditions contributing to the fires as a "perfect storm," including strong Santa Ana and sundowner winds, with gusts reaching , as well as high temperatures, low humidity and dry conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="20229433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229433" title="Pershing Middle School (Springfield, Missouri)">
Pershing Middle School (Springfield, Missouri)

Pershing Middle School is a middle school in Springfield, Missouri; It is one of many within the city. The building also doubles as an elementary school.

</doc>
<doc id="20229437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229437" title="Club Atlético del Rosario">
Club Atlético del Rosario

Club Atlético del Rosario is a sports club from Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentina. Although other sports are practised at the club, Atlético del Rosario is mostly regarded for its rugby union team, being a founding member of the "River Plate Rugby Championship" (current Unión Argentina de Rugby). Nowadays the rugby team plays in Grupo I, the first division of the Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires league system. Likewise, the women's field hockey team plays in the Litoral A championship, the first division of the Asociación de Hockey del Litoral league system.
Other sports currently practised at the club are cricket and tennis. 
History.
The club was founded as a cricket institution by British railway workers, under the name "Rosario Cricket Club", on 27 March 1867. In 1899, the club moved to its current location at Plaza Jewell, named after brothers Charles and Edward Jewell who gifted the land to the club. It is during that period that Rosario Cricket Club changed its name to "Rosario Athletic Club". In football, the club had the honour to be the first club from Rosario playing in Argentine Primera División although the squad only participated in the 1894 championship. Rosario AC was invited by the Argentine and Uruguayan Football Associations to participate in the Tie Cup, played by teams of Buenos Aires, Rosario and Montevideo. Rosario AC won the 1902 (defeating legendary Alumni 2-1 in the third match), 1904 (beating Uruguayan CURCC 3-2) and 1905 (winning over CURCC again by 4-3) editions totaling 3 championships in 6 years. The line-up vs. CURCC in 1905 was: ER.S. Knight; R.O. Le Bas, G. Middleton; H. Talbot, M.O. Wells, R. Stuart; E.O. Le Bas, A.O Le 
Bas, G. Roberts, J.G. Parr, W. Stocks. In 1906 Rosario AC participated of the creation of "Liga Rosarina de Fútbol", playing all its tournaments until 1916.
Apart from football, Rosario AC had an active participation in rugby union. On 28 June 1886 Rosario AC played the first inter-clubs match in Argentina, when the team faced Buenos Aires Football Club in the city of Rosario.
Thirteen years later, in 1899, along with Buenos Aires FC, Lomas and Belgrano AC, the club would become a founding member of the "River Plate Rugby Championship", the origin of today's Argentine Rugby Union.
In 1928 Atlético del Rosario, then playing in the Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires championship, became a founding member of the Unión de Rugby de Rosario. As a founding member of the URBA and the URR, the club has the particularity of being a full member of both unions to this day. Field hockey was added as sport in 1930, being played by women's teams and first. In 1955 the team started to play in the tournaments held by "Asociación Argentina Amateur de Hockey Sobre Césped", promoting to Primera División in 1959. The club won two championships in 1975 and 1978 but in 1991 it was relegated to the second division.
From 1956, Atlético would only take part in the local competitions, before rejoining URBA competitions in 1983. When playing in the URBA, the team use CA San Isidro's home ground in San Isidro, Buenos Aires, in order to facilitate travel for the visiting teams. In 1991 Atlético was relegated to the second division, where it played the 1992 season promoting to Grupo I that same year. In 1994, Atlético del Rosario took part of the creation of Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires, which organized its own championships succeeding The River Plate Rugby Union. One year later Atlético won its four Primera División title, shared with Hindú Club. In 2000 the club won its 5th title and last to date, defeating CA San Isidro at the finals.

</doc>
<doc id="20229486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229486" title="Common Network Interface Ring">
Common Network Interface Ring

The Common Network Interface (CNI) Ring provides Common Channel Signaling (CCS) functionality on several Alcatel-Lucent SS7 products. It was introduced by Western Electric in the early 1980s but is still used today in all 1AESS and 4ESS, offices, and most of the wireline 5ESS offices. 
It was designed and manufactured at the combined Bell Labs WECo location in Columbus Ohio.
References.
http://att.elearn.ihost.com/websites/Contingency_Source/TS%20144%20Nodal%20Services%20Delivery/51246880/tf0100-05.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="20229488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229488" title="Mario Stoppino">
Mario Stoppino

Mario Stoppino (1935–2001) was an Italian political scientist.

</doc>
<doc id="20229516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229516" title="Prairie Band of Potawatomi Nation">
Prairie Band of Potawatomi Nation

Prairie Band Potawatomi Nation (formerly the Prairie Band of Potawatomi Indians) is a federally recognized tribe of Neshnabé (Potawatomi people), headquartered near Mayetta, Kansas.
History.
The Mshkodésik ("People of the Small Prairie") division of the Potawatomi were originally located around the southern portions of Lake Michigan, in what today is southern Wisconsin, northern Illinois and northwestern Indiana. Due to their name in the Potawatomi language, the "Mshkodésik" were often confused with another tribe, the Mascoutens. As part of the Council of Three Fires, the Prairie Band were signatories to the 1829 Treaty of Prairie du Chien (). Independently of the Council of Three Fires, the Prairie Band were also signatories to the 1832 Treaty of Tippecanoe () as the Potawatomi Tribe of Indians of the Prairie.
Under the Indian Removal Act, the Prairie Band were forcibly relocated west, first to Missouri's Platte Country in the mid-1830s and then to the vicinity of Council Bluffs, Iowa in the 1840s, where they were known as the Bluff Indians. The tribe controlled up to five million acres (20,000 km²) at both locations. After 1846, the tribe moved to present-day Kansas. At that time, the reservation was thirty square miles which included part of present-day Topeka.
Government.
The Prairie Band are governed by a democratically elected tribal council. Their current administration is:

</doc>
<doc id="20229519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229519" title="Fisheries Act 1996">
Fisheries Act 1996

The Fisheries Act 1996 is a New Zealand Act of Parliament. It is divided into five areas: recreational, customary, environmental, commercial and international fishing. It is administered by the Overseas Investment Commission and the Ministry of Fisheries.
There are regular prosecutions under the act for the taking of Paua.

</doc>
<doc id="20229545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229545" title="Frederick Theobold">
Frederick Theobold

Frederick Theobold (1 February 1839 — 5 January 1888) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born and died in New Brompton.
Theobold made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1862 season, against Yorkshire. Batting in the lower order, he scored a single run in the first innings in which he batted, and thirteen runs in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20229612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229612" title="Social issues in Armenia">
Social issues in Armenia

Social issues in Armenia include poverty, high unemployment, child labor, organized crime, political corruption, education, human trafficking, domestic violence, lack of rule of law, lack of public trust in government, and inadequate public services.
Poverty.
After the breakup of the Soviet Union in 1991, masses of newly unemployed people found themselves with no income. The predominantly industrial society of Armenia was suddenly forced to be independent and rebuild an economy. People who lost their livelihood in other sectors got into agriculture, finding a safety net there.
About half of Armenians live in poverty and two out of ten are extremely poor, with rural people being particularly vulnerable. Armenia's poorest people are concentrated along the nation’s borders, in mountain areas and in earthquake zones. The Shirak Province in north-eastern Armenia, Lori Province in northern Armenia, and Kotayk Province in central Armenia are among the poorest provinces.

</doc>
<doc id="20229641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229641" title="Papyrus 103">
Papyrus 103

Papyrus 103 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_1103, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of Matthew.
Description.
The surviving texts of Matthew are verses 13:55-56; 14:3-5, they are in a fragmentary condition. The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the late 2nd or early 3rd century. 
Probably together with Papyrus 77 it belonged to the same codex. 
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. According to Comfort it is proto-Alexandrian text. 
In Matthew 13:55, the name of Jesus' second brother reads [...]ης so that both Ἰωάννης ("John") and Ἰωσῆς ("Joses") are possible original readings.
The manuscript is currently housed at the Sackler Library (Papyrology Rooms, P. Oxy. 4403) at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20229665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229665" title="Anatole Marie Nkou">
Anatole Marie Nkou

Anatole Fabien Marie Nkou (born June 21, 1948) is a Cameroonian diplomat and currently Cameroon's Ambassador to the United Nations Office at Geneva.
Anatole Nkou, who was born in Brazzaville, is the son of the late Prosper Marcel Ondoa Nkou (1905-1978), a Franco-Cameroonian landowner and Marine Officer of the Evouzok-Ewondo tribe.
Ambassador Nkou's father, the grandson of a powerful Paramount Chief on friendly terms with the then French Prefect of kribi, enjoyed the extremely rare privilege to be sent with a handful of other young Cameroonian princes (his cousin) to a Boarding School in France (Normandy) in 1920. 
He is also the younger brother of His Majesty Innocent Ondoa Nkou, Paramount Chief of the Evouzok-Ewondo tribe (Fifinda) and Vice General Manager of the BICEC Cameroun groupe BPCE.
Ambassador Nkou graduated with a Doctorate of the International Relations Institute of Cameroon in 1972. He also graduated from the ENAM of Cameroon in the same year. He has a doctorate in History and International Relations.
After working in several diplomatic missions in Beijing, Moscow, Madrid, Addis Ababa, among other countries, Nkou became Cameroon's Ambassador to the United Nations Office at Geneva in 2007.
Father of 4, he is married to Therese Marie Nkou daughter of the first Cameroonian Head of State André-Marie Mbida.

</doc>
<doc id="20229669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229669" title="Édouard-Christophe Pynaert">
Édouard-Christophe Pynaert

Édouard-Christophe Pynaert (May 29, 1835 - October 28, 1900) was a Belgian botanist and horticulturalist born in Ghent. He was a specialist in the field of pomology.
He studied at a local gardening school, and from 1861 was a professor at the "Ecole d'horticulture" in Gentbrugge. He is said to have species of grass named after him, although many of the plant species from Africa named "pynaertii" actually honour Léon Auguste Edouard Joseph Pynaert, his son.
He was co-editor of several periodicals, including ""Flore des Serres et des Jardins"", ""Revue de l'Horticulture Belge"" and the ""Bulletin d'Arboriculture"".

</doc>
<doc id="20229717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229717" title="Area News Group">
Area News Group

The Area News Group publishes three newspapers in southern New Hampshire: Hudson~Litchfield News, Pelham~Windham News, and the Salem Community Patriot. The local weekly papers are supported by advertisers and are distributed to town residents free of charge. The company is headquartered in Hudson, New Hampshire on Executive Drive. Len Lathrop is the Editor-in-Chief.
The papers place a large emphasis on publishing local news on issues in town and state government, education, local organization's activities, high school sports, and other topics.
The group started an online presence for all three newspapers in mid-2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20229720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229720" title="Belmont Glass Company">
Belmont Glass Company

Belmont Glass Company, also known as the Belmont Glass Works, was one of Ohio’s early glassmaking companies. It was named after Belmont County, Ohio, where the plant was located. The firm began operations in 1866 in a riverfront village along the east side of the county, which is known as Bellaire. At that time, the community had resource advantages that made it an attractive site for glassmaking. Bellaire’s location at the intersection of the Ohio River, the National Road, and two railroads meant it had an excellent transportation infrastructure. Fuel necessary for the glassmaking process was also readily available, since Belmont County was part of the eastern Ohio coal region. Bellaire also had a workforce with glassmaking expertise located less than five miles away, since glass had been produced in Wheeling, West Virginia, since the 1820s.
The group of men that organized the Belmont Glass Company included men with glass making experience gained from the Hobbs, Brockunier and Company glass works located in Wheeling, West Virginia. Their new company made glassware such as chimneys (the glass surrounding the wick in a lantern), lamps, and bar goods. Originally the products were blown glassware, but later pressed glassware was also produced. Products with intricate patterns such as zipper were also made, and are valued today by collectors. The Belmont Glass works ceased operations in 1890. The economy at that time proved difficult for many manufacturers. In addition, many glass makers began moving to northwest Ohio in the late 1880s—lured by promises of free land, fuel, and cash.
The Belmont Glass works made a strong contribution to the American glass manufacturing industry, both during its period of operation and after the plant was closed. The company was Bellaire’s first glass works, and the second located in Belmont County. Bellaire soon attracted more glass manufacturers and became known as Glass City. Belmont County ranked sixth in the nation as a glass manufacturer by 1880. Men that gained or sharpened their glass making expertise working at Belmont Glass works continued to grow the American glassmaking industry, even after the Belmont works was closed, as they helped start more glass factories in Ohio and Indiana.
History.
Wheeling.
In 1866, a new glass manufacturer called Barnes, Faupel and Company was organized in Bellaire, Ohio. The group consisted of men mostly from the South Wheeling Hobbs works, including George Barnes and Henry Faupel. The company incorporated several years later, and was named Belmont Glass Company. The company's directors were W. G. Barnard, Henry Faupel, Charles Henry Over, Henry Carr, and John Robinson. John Robinson and Henry Over had worked at the Hobbs plant, as had two brothers that joined the new company, Henry and Jacob Crimmel.
Bellaire.
The Bellmont Glass Company began manufacturing in Bellaire, Ohio, and helped the community become a major glass-making center. The community of Bellaire is located in Belmont County, Ohio, along the Ohio River and not far from Wheeling, West Virginia. One of Bellaire's "public-spirited citizens", William G. Barnard, helped Belmont County become an industrial center. In addition to being one of the Belmont Glass Company's original directors, he was also president of Bellaire Nail Works, and later the Wabash, Chester and Western Railroad Company. Barnard was also Bellaire's leading coal dealer.
Belmont County is located in the Ohio coal belt. At one time, steamships traveling down the Ohio River knew Bellaire as the last stop for coal until Cincinnati. In 1866, the town also had railroad service from the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and the Toledo & Ohio Railroad. The National Road also ran through Bellaire. Given the town’s transportation resources, fuel resource, and experienced workforce nearby, Bellaire was an excellent location for a glass manufacturing plant. The Belmont Glass Company was Bellaire's first of many glass plants, and the second in Belmont County. In 1880, the state of Ohio ranked fourth in the country in glass production, and Belmont County ranked sixth among the nation's counties. By 1881, the town had 15 glass factories, and was known as "Glass City". At the beginning of the next decade, the state of Ohio was ranked second in the nation in glass production based on the value of the product.
Operations.
, Faupel and Company began operations as a chimney (the glass that surrounds the wick in a lantern) manufacturer in December 1866. The company incorporated as Belmont Glass Company about two years later, and Henry Faupel was the company's first president. Belmont Glass was the first glass works in Bellaire, and the second glass works in Belmont County. An 1871 directory lists Henry Faupel as president, and William Gorby as treasurer. George Barnes was a machinist. Charles Henry Over and John Robinson are listed as glass-blowers. Jacob Crimmel, who started working at glass factories at the age of 11, is listed as a glass-presser.
In 1872, the plant's capacity was expanded, and its employee count reached 150. That same year, Charles H. Over, John Robinson, and Henry Faupel patented a seamless chimney mold—an improvement to the current version that left seams on the glass. 
By 1884, Belmont Glass (listed as Belmont Glass Works by the state of Ohio inspectors) employed 225 men, 25 women, and 100 minors. During the 1880s, the company was producing sophisticated novelty items such as salt shakers with zipper patterns and translucent striped opalescent glass.
Decline.
Several issues contributed to the eventual closing of the Belmont Glass Works. The company lost some talent as early as 1876, when John Robinson, C. H. Over, and William Gorby left to start the Bellaire Goblet Company. A bigger problem was the discovery of natural gas in northwest Ohio. In early 1886, a major discovery of natural gas occurred near the small village of Findlay. Soon communities in the area were enticing glass companies to relocate with promises of free fuel, free land, and cash. The new glass factories typically needed experienced glass workers to run the factories, and many of them came from Wheeling and Bellaire. A final blow to the Belmont Glass Works was the U.S. economy, which suffered through three recessions between 1882 and 1891. These factors affected all glass factories in the region. The city of Bellaire, which had 17 glass furnaces in 1884, had only have 3 furnaces remaining by 1891. The Belmont Glass Works closed in 1890, and the plant was torn down. In 1893, the Novelty Stamping Company began operating in a new building constructed on the site of the former glass works.
Legacy.
John Robinson, who had been plant superintendent when working at Belmont Glass, was named factory manager (replacing Over) of Bellaire Goblet after the 1888 move to Findlay, Ohio. In 1891, Bellaire Goblet became part of the U.S. Glass Company conglomerate. While William Gorby remained with the parent firm for many years, Robinson eventually resigned his position. In 1893, Robinson started the Robinson Glass Company in Zanesville, Ohio. Financial assistance was provided by additional investors, including Melvin Blackburn—a partner from the Bellaire Goblet Company. The company produced tableware, bar goods, and novelties. 
Henry and Jacob Crimmel moved from Bellaire to Fostoria in 1887 to help with the startup of the Fostoria Glass Company. Crimmel family members owned stock in the new company. Their “recipes” for various types of glass were used for the company’s early batches of the product. As part owner and plant manager, Henry Crimmel was also involved with the startups of the Novelty Glass Company of Fostoria and the Sneath Glass Company. Jacob Crimmel remained with the Fostoria Glass Company for many years. He was one of the founders of the American Flint Glass Workers Union, and wrote articles published in the union’s journal, American Flint.

</doc>
<doc id="20229760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229760" title="Newstead railway station, Victoria">
Newstead railway station, Victoria

Newstead station was opened on Tuesday, 7 July 1874.
Although no longer in use, Newstead retains a bricks station building, booking office, platform and goods shed. 
On Friday 17 December 2004, the line from Moolort to Maldon junction was closed, due to the line being reserved for the Victorian Goldfields Railway to operate between Maldon and Castlemaine.

</doc>
<doc id="20229782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229782" title="Samuel Brown House">
Samuel Brown House

Samuel Brown House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20229790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229790" title="Oyster River Press">
Oyster River Press

Oyster River Press is a small press based in Durham, New Hampshire. The press specializes in new and international poetry, as well as books on Chinese myths, the environment, and the art of living. Bilingual editions of translations are also a focus. Authors published by the press since its inception in 1987 include Xiao-Ming Li, Joan Raysor Darlington, Cicely Buckley, Paul Eluard, David Oates, Robert Duffy, Patricia Fargnoli, W. E. Butts, Fred Samuels, John Perrault, Hugh Hennedy, Jane Jordan, Rick Agran, Almor Halperin, Eva Claeson, Keith Holyoak, Robert Dunn, Elizabeth Knies, Elena Lafert and Melina Draper, among others.
The editor and founder of Oyster River Press is Cicely Buckley.
Oyster River Press has played an important role in publishing the work of New Hampshire poets. A collection of chapbooks distributed as a set entitled "Walking to Windward" received critical praise in the "Comstock Review".

</doc>
<doc id="20229792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229792" title="Kevin Rozzoli">
Kevin Rozzoli

Kevin Richard Rozzoli (born 13 September 1939) is an Australian politician. He was a Liberal Party of Australia member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1973 until 2003, representing the electorate of Hawkesbury. He also served as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly from 1988 to 1995, during the Greiner and John Fahey governments.
Rozzoli studied at Richmond High School. He subsequently received a trade certificate in watchmaking, and worked as a retail watchmaker and jeweller from 1956 to 1972. He was a member of the Windsor Municipal Council (a forerunner to the City of Hawkesbury) from 1968 to 1974, leaving the council after his election to parliament.
Bernie Deane, the then MLA for the relatively safe Liberal seat of Hawkesbury, resigned in late 1972. Rozzoli won Liberal preselection for the resulting by-election, going on to narrowly defeat Labor candidate Peter Dunn on February 17, 1973. He was re-elected nine terms in a career lasting thirty years. He studied for a law degree during his early parliamentary career, and was admitted to the bar in 1985. He was a shadow minister while the Liberal Party was in opposition during the 1980s, and was appointed Speaker of the Legislative Assembly when they won office under Nick Greiner in 1988.
Rozzoli attempted to recontest his seat for a tenth time at the 2003 state election, but amidst a period of intra-party factional conflict, was defeated for Liberal preselection by former Hornsby mayor Steven Pringle. The animosity created by defeating Rozzoli after thirty years was later touted as a factor in Pringle's own loss of preselection to Ray Williams after only one term; at the time, Rozzoli stated "what comes around, goes around".

</doc>
<doc id="20229883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229883" title="Uncial 0181">
Uncial 0181

Uncial 0181 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 4th-century (or the 5th).
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of Luke 9:59-10:14, on one parchment leaf (15 cm by 14 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 26 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th or 5th century.
The codex is housed at the Austrian National Library (Pap. G. 39778) in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="20229890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229890" title="Mobile phone industry in China">
Mobile phone industry in China

China's mobile phone industry or cell phone industry has high growth rate, raising its share on the global mobile phone market. During 2007, 600 million mobile phones were made in China which accounted for over 50% of the global production.
Mobile phone service providers.
After the 2008 reorganization of China's telecommunication industry, there are now three cell phone service providers.
China Mobile.
China Mobile () continues the old China Mobile's service, absorbed China Railway Communication, and began 3G service using TD-SCDMA, China's own technology.
China Unicom.
China Unicom () continues the old China Unicom's GSM service, absorbed the old China Netcom's network of fixed telephones in the north of the Yangtze River in China, and started 3G service using W-CDMA technology.
China Telecom.
China Telecom () continues PHS service of the old China Netcom and China Telecom, continues the old China Telecom's network of fixed telephones in the south of the Yangtze River, and began 3G service using CDMA2000 technology.
Mobile phone industry.
Wireless communication is regulated by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. The mobile phone industry in China has grown to become a large industry, including research of new technology, manufacturing of cell phones and building of telephone networks, participated by not only the domestic companies but also the foreign companies, such as:
Huawei Technologies is expected to surpass Nokia-Siemens Networks and Alcatel-Lucent to become the second largest manufacturer of telecommunications equipment, after Ericsson, in 2009.
ZTE and China Mobile have done turnkey mobile phone network projects in Pakistan, Ethiopia, etc.
Mobile phones.
Domestics sales.
The domestic sales of cell phone made a breakthrough of 100 million in China in 2006.
In 2007, the domestic sales of cell phone in china were 190 million, increased by 74% as compared with 2007. The impetus mainly came from the rapid growth of new mobile phone users and old customers' upgrading demands. Of 190 million cell phones, 140 million were made through formal channels, while the rest were made through informal channels such as smuggling, counterfeiting and renovating.
Sales volume.
For year of 2007, sales volume had reached about 23 billion USD, increased by 17% as compared with 2006. The drop of cell phones' average price made the increment of sales volume lower than the increment of sales because mobile communication company vigorously promoted the sales of cell phones binding to their service which have lower price.
Export volume.
The export volume of China's cell phones added up to a record high of 385 million in 2006, increased by 69.3% as compared with 2005. In 2007, this figure reached 483 million, increased by 125.45% as compared with 2006. As far as 2006, the export volume had reached 31.214 billion USD, increased by 52.47% as compared with 2005. The export volume of 2007 was 35.6 billion dollars, increased by 114.01% as compared with 2006.
Development trend.
The latest 2–3 years' development trend (2005–2008) has showed that the mainland market is developing in two directions. One of which is extremely low price mobile phones in emerging rural markets, while the other is in multimedia mobile phones with diverse functions such as mobile television, MP3 and GPS.
From 2011 smartphones, especially running the open source Android operating system, have become increasingly popular in the Chinese mobile market. This is due to the Android system providing the possibility for factories to produce smartphones with increasing ease, which in turn has allowed prices to decrease even to below RMB 1,000 Yuan. These cheap smartphones are also exported to every corner of the world thanks to internet sellers such as alibaba.com, aliexpresss.com and ctutu.com.
Pricing.
China's cell phone market is dominated by products with price under 2000 RMB yuan (about 290 dollars). Products at this price have accounted for 60% of the whole cell phone market, competing with China's local brands, informal cell phones and international brands.

</doc>
<doc id="20229892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229892" title="Koba, Indonesia">
Koba, Indonesia

Koba is a town in the Indonesian province of Bangka-Belitung, Indonesia. Koba is the capital of the Central Bangka Regency.
Demographics.
The majority of the people in Koba are Hakka Chinese and Malay. Majority of Chinese are Buddhism, Catholic and Protestant.

</doc>
<doc id="20229898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229898" title="Paul Rosenthal (Minnesota politician)">
Paul Rosenthal (Minnesota politician)

Paul D. Rosenthal (born February 29, 1959) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL), he represents District 49B, which includes West Bloomington, South Edina, North East Eden Prairie, and South West Minnetonka in Hennepin County, which is in the Twin Cities metropolitan area. 
Early life, education, and career.
Rosenthal attended New York University in New York City, earning his B.A. in Metropolitan Studies and Urban Planning. He is an international currency trader by profession, and is also a partner in ADRZ, a non-profit development group that works to save endangered historic buildings.
Minnesota House of Representatives.
He was first elected in 2008. He was unseated by Republican Pat Mazorol in the 2010 general election. In 2012 he won his seat back against Terry Jacobson.

</doc>
<doc id="20229913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229913" title="Toboali">
Toboali

Toboali is a town in the Indonesian province of Bangka-Belitung, Indonesia. Toboali is the capital of the South Bangka Regency.
Demographics.
The majority of the people in Toboali are Hakka Chinese and Malay. Majority of Chinese are Buddhist, Catholic or Protestant.

</doc>
<doc id="20229973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229973" title="Texas gubernatorial election, 1990">
Texas gubernatorial election, 1990

The 1990 Texas gubernatorial election was held on November 6, 1990 to select the Governor of the state of Texas. The race pitted state treasurer Ann Richards against Midland businessman Clayton Williams. Richards, the Democratic Party's nominee, emerged victorious over Republican candidate Williams by a narrow margin on Election Day. 
Bill Clements, the incumbent governor, chose not to seek election to a third term in office (second consecutive). Fallout from Clements' role in the Southern Methodist University football scandal, which he had attempted to cover up, overshadowed his years in office and he had also faced impeachment during his term for it.
Primaries.
Republicans.
Incumbent Republican Governor Bill Clements announced early in the year that he would not be seeking reelection. The candidates to succeed him were:
Democrats.
Capital punishment was a major issue in the Democratic primary. A campaign commercial depicted White "walking down a hallway displaying larger-than-life photos of the men put to death during his administration in 1983-1986. 'Only a governor can make executions happen,' White declared as ominous music played in the background. 'I did, and I will.'"
Campaign.
Williams spent freely from his personal fortune, running a "Good Old Boy" campaign initially appealing to conservatives. Prior to a series of legendary gaffes, he was leading Richards (the race was dubbed "Claytie vs. The Lady") in the polls and was in striking distance of becoming only the second Republican governor of Texas since Reconstruction. Meanwhile, Libertarian nominee Jeff Daiell was launching a TV campaign which, combined with personal appearances across Texas, boosted him to a showing of 129,128 votes. His drawing power made Richards the first Texas governor in many years elected without a majority.
In one of his widely publicized missteps, Williams refused to shake hands with Ann Richards in a public debate, an act seen as uncouth. Senator John Tower had similarly refused to shake the hand of Democratic opponent Robert Krueger in a 1978 appearance in Houston but went on to win a fourth term by a narrow margin.
Earlier, Williams made an infamous joke to reporters, likening bad weather to rape, having quipped: "If it's inevitable, just relax and enjoy it". In addition, it has been claimed that as an undergraduate at Texas A&M, he had participated in visits to the Chicken Ranch, a well-known Texas brothel in La Grange, and the "Boy's Towns" of Mexico. His sense of humor was again demonstrated when he urged Hispanic Americans to support his candidacy because he met Modesta in a Mexican restaurant. As a result of his reported comments, Williams was occasionally parodied, such as in the mock political ad, "Satan Williams," which appeared on Dallas/Fort Worth public television during the 1990 campaign season. Richards was sworn-in as the 45th Governor of Texas on January 15, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20229992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20229992" title="Henry Christian Haarstick">
Henry Christian Haarstick

Henry Christian Haarstick (June 26, 1836 - January 26, 1919) was an American pioneer in the Mississippi River barge transportation after the American Civil War. He bought stock in the Mississippi Valley Transportation Company, the only considerable barge line on the river and eventually became the director, the vice-president and finally the general manager of the firm. The company was later consolidated with the St. Louis & New Orleans Transportation Company and Haarstick headed the board of directors. 
After his retirement, he became president of the St. Louis Merchant's Exchange and served as vice-president of the St. Louis Union Trust Company.

</doc>
<doc id="20230009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230009" title="Henry Ommaney">
Henry Ommaney

Henry Ommaney (April 1805 – May 21, 1829) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in England and died in Port Royal.
Ommaney made a single first-class appearance, during the 1828 season, against Marylebone Cricket Club. Batting as an opener, he scored 20 runs in the first innings in which he batted and 24 not out in the second.
Ommaney died at the age of just 24, less than a year after the end of his first-class career.

</doc>
<doc id="20230010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230010" title="Lewis Carrick">
Lewis Carrick

Lewis Carrick (born 27 April 1806) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in Dover.
Carrick made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1828 season, against Marylebone Cricket Club. From the middle order, he scored a duck in the only innings in which he batted.

</doc>
<doc id="20230011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230011" title="Chauncey Townshend">
Chauncey Townshend

Chauncey Townshend (April 20, 1798 – February 25, 1868) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in England and died in Mayfair.
Townshend made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1827 season. Batting in the upper order, he scored a duck in the first innings in which he batted, and two runs in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20230012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230012" title="William Willsher">
William Willsher

William Willsher (12 October 1814 (baptised) — 30 November 1861) was an English cricketer who played for Kent.
Willsher made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1847 season, against Surrey. From the tailend, he scored a duck in each innings in which he batted.

</doc>
<doc id="20230013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230013" title="Alfred Elcome">
Alfred Elcome

Alfred Elcome (christened December 29, 1833 — died March 25, 1889) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born and died in Ash-Next-Ridley.
Elcome made a single first-class appearance for the team, in 1862, against Yorkshire. He scored 8 runs in the first innings and a single run in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20230018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230018" title="Dick Dudley">
Dick Dudley

Richard Allen "Dick" Dudley (birth name: Casper Bernard Kuhn, Jr.) (April 22, 1915, Louisville, Kentucky – February 2, 2000, Lancaster, Pennsylvania) was an American radio and television announcer.
Dudley's career began in 1925 on a children's radio program on WTNT radio in Nashville, Tennessee. Following graduation from high school, he started a repertory company in a renovated barn, and wrote plays, some of which featured a young Dinah Shore.
He later became an announcer on WSM (AM), and in 1938 moved to New York City where, after holding several jobs, he joined NBC as a page, moving up the ranks to the position in staff announcer in 1940. He was among the first to announce the attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941. During World War II, Dudley was based in London, where he served as program director of the American Forces Network.
After the war, Dudley returned to NBC, where he announced on such radio shows as "The Adventures of Archie Andrews", "The Aldrich Family", "The Catholic Hour", and "The Eternal Light". His television announcing credits included the original 1949 TV version of "Ripley's Believe It or Not!", Arturo Toscanini's television concerts, the original 1950s version of "The Price Is Right" (as a substitute announcer), "The Today Show", and "Not for Women Only". In addition, he also handled local booth announcing work, including public service announcements, for NBC's New York outlet WNBC-TV. He retired from NBC in 1985.
Dudley died of a brain tumor at age 84.

</doc>
<doc id="20230030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230030" title="Uncial 0182">
Uncial 0182

Uncial 0182 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 5th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of Luke 19:18-20,22-24, on one parchment leaf (15 cm by 9 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 21 lines per page, in uncial letters.
The Greek text-text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century. According to Karl Wessely it was found in Fayyum.
The codex currently is housed at the Austrian National Library (Pap. G. 39781) in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="20230040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230040" title="Jay Love">
Jay Love

Jay K. Love, Jr. (born in 1968) is a Republican member of the Alabama House of Representatives, representing the 74th District since 2003. He represents part of Montgomery.
Biography.
Love was born in Montgomery and graduated from Auburn University Montgomery with a degree in business administration. He acquired a Subway franchise in 1992, and eventually opened 16 restaurants in the Montgomery area before selling them in 2006.
In 2008, midway through his second term, Love ran for the open seat in after eight-term Republican Terry Everett announced his retirement. He finished first in a six candidate primary, winning 35% of the vote. His opponent in the primary run-off was Republican State Senator Harri Anne Smith. Love went on to easily beat Smith in the run-off. 
He faced Democrat Bobby Bright, the mayor of Montgomery, in the general election. The race was very close, despite the 2nd's Republican voting history. It fell into Republican hands in Barry Goldwater's 1964 landslide, and Republicans hadn't let go since then. Ironically, both Love and Bright are deacons at First Baptist Church of Montgomery.
In the November election, Bright received 143,997 votes to Love's 142,231 votes—a margin of 1,766 votes, or just over 0.6 percentage points. While the two candidates each won eight of the district's 16 counties, Bright won the district's share of Montgomery County by 30 points. Love had the option of requesting a recount since the margin of victory was less than a point, but opted not to do so and conceded the seat to Bright. Jay has been married to his wife, Cheri, for 14 years and have four children: Rachel Louise, Addison Jay, Rebecca Faye, and Caroline Elizabeth. He is a deacon at First Baptist Church Montgomery which he shares with Bobby Bright. 
In October 2008, former governor of Massachusetts, Mitt Romney, openly supported Love and came down to Dothan, Alabama for a fundraiser for Love. 
Love did not have to give up his state House seat to run for Congress; Alabama state representatives serve four-year terms, and Love was not up for reelection again until 2010.
On April 21, 2009 Love introduced a resolution to the Alabama state legislature to praise 
Miss USA 2009 finalist Carrie Prejean for he claims truthfully answering a question by gay celeb blogger Perez Hilton about same-sex marriage.
In 2010 Love was re-elected to the Alabama House of Representatives for the third time receiving 78% of the vote.
In 2011 when the Republican Party took control of the Alabama House of Representatives Love was selected by Speaker of the House Mike Hubbard to be the Chairman of the House Ways and Means Education Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20230112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230112" title="India–Palestine relations">
India–Palestine relations

Indo-Palestinian relations have been largely influenced by the independence struggle against British colonialism. After India achieved its independence in 1947, the country has moved to support Palestinian self-determination following the partition of British India. In the light of a religious partition between India and Pakistan, the impetus to boost ties with Muslim states around the world was a further tie to India's support for the Palestinian cause. Though it started to waver in the late 1980s and 1990s as the recognition of Israel led to diplomatic exchanges, the ultimate support for the Palestinian cause was still an underlying concern.
Beyond the recognition for Palestinian self-determination ties have been largely dependent upon socio-cultural bonds, while economic relations were neither cold nor warm. 
However, since the establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Israel, there has been increased cooperation in military and intelligence ventures. The fall of the Soviet Union and the rise of Islamist anti-state activities in both countries paved the way for a strategic alliance. Since then, Indian support for Palestine has been lukewarm although India still recognises the legitimate aspirations of Palestine.
India recognised Palestine's statehood following its own declaration on 18 November 1988; although relations were first established in 1974.
Background.
India was the first non-Arab country to contemporaneously recognise the Palestine Liberation Organisation's authority as "the sole legitimate representative of the Palestinian people." A PLO office was set up in the Indian capital in 1975, with full diplomatic relations established in March 1980. In return, India opened a Representative Office in Gaza on June 25, 1996. Indian support was said to extend to "consistent and unwavering support" on the Palestinian issue, where it shared the perception that the question of Palestine is at the core of the Arab-Israeli conflict. India has thus consistently supported the "legitimate" right of the Palestinian people to a State and the consequent imperative need for a just, comprehensive and lasting peace in the region based on United Nations Security Council resolution 242, 338 and 425, as well as the principle of "Land for Peace." India has also supported the Madrid Conference of October, 1991. 
According to an opinion survey conducted in 2009 on behalf of the Israeli Foreign Ministry, India is the most pro-Israel country in the world, followed by U.S.
Continued support.
Following the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 2006, India came out, surprisingly, saying Israeli use of force was "disproportionate and excessive."
India participated in the 2007 Annapolis Conference and the consequent donors conference. India's government noted the direct relevance for India on the issue and favoured the creation of "sovereign, independent, united states of Palestine" asserting that its support for the cause remains unwavered. External Affairs Minister, Pranab Mukherjee, briefed the Consultative Committee in his ministry saying, "India's support to the Palestinian cause has not wavered." Practically a year later, as a gesture of solidarity with the Palestinian cause, India gifted a piece of prized real estate in the Indian capital’s elite diplomatic enclave for the building of an embassy of the Palestinian National Authority's President (PAP) Mahmoud Abbas. Abbas will lay the foundation stone of the chancery-cum-residence complex of the embassy of Palestine, where the PAP Abbas would formally dedicate the building to the people of Palestine from the people of India. The gift underscored India’s "unwavering solidarity and commitment to an independent Palestine" and was seen by some to balance its growing relations with Israel. On his visit, the PAP said that India had played a great role in West Asia peace process. After the ceremonial reception and a guard of honour at the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhawan, Abbas said relations between India and Palestine had always been good and that the two countries were making efforts to improve such relations. "You know how good relations we have, between India and Palestine since great Indira Gandhi and [the great Yasir Arafat. And everyday, it’s improving. We are very glad with the help and the support of the Indian people to the Palestine." The next day the Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said, "India believes that the solution should be based on the relevant U.N. Resolutions, the Arab Peace Plan and the Quartet road map resulting in a sovereign, independent, viable and united State of Palestine living within secure and recognised borders, side by side at peace with Israel." A joint statement also added that "India also called for an end to the expansion of Israeli settlements in occupied Palestine and for an early and significant easing of restrictions on the free movement of persons and goods within Palestine." 
Domestic Palenstinian controversy arose, however, as Abbas received some flak for his intransigence. On the visit to India he stated that the country's "growing relationship with Israel is not a matter of concern for Palestinians" as New Delhi's support for Palestinian independence remained clear. He was condemned for making an "utterly irresponsible, gratuitous statement" as "shameful" as it was "politically futile" and stood no chance to win the PA anything in return. Without an apparatus of Palestinian democratic accountability by the representatives of the people the flood of official Palestinian concessions was "guaranteed to continue unabated" as it would cause further damage to the struggle for "inalienable rights." While talking about India's growing engagement with Israel, particularly in the field of defence, Abbas said, "India's relations with Israel is its sovereign decision. We are not going to interfere. We know very well that India is supportive of the Palestinian struggle for achieving its own independence." His controversial comments were in stark contrast to report than India became Israel's second largest trading partner, while India became Israel's largest arm's market and the latter became the former's largest arms supplier. However, it was also said that the Palestinian economy has "incredible potential" which could be unleashed if the Israeli restrictions on Palestinian movement were lifted, this was accorded by the regional World Bank chief just after a high-level World Bank delegation inaugurated a sewage storage facility on a rare trip to the Hamas-ruled Gaza.
While Indian support has often relied on the age-old, and often qualifiable propaganda basis, certain points did bound the pre-partition states of Ireland, India, and Palestine. On this front, where Israel "unabashedly defends the rights of Jews over all others, India (as a state) has never claimed religious exclusivism for it's Hindu citizens," this gave credence to a legitimate support for the Palestinian cause. It was also showed, through academic analysis, that "economic factors can have a profound impact efforts to resolve conflict peaceably." With this aforementions disclaimer, India could, theoretically, be an important ally to improve tensions. Studies of such parallels have also shown that economic factors do now draw positive yields.
Indian aid to Palestine.
At the Washington Donors Conference in October, 1995, India pledged US$1 million for assistance to the Palestinian people. At the subsequent pledging conference in Paris in January, 1996, India pledged another US$1 million which was utilised for construction of a Library-cum-Activity Centre at the Palestinian Technical College in Deir-El-Balah and another Library at the Al-Azhar University in Gaza. At yet another International Donors Conference in Washington DC on 30 November 1998, India pledged another US$1 million. The sum of US$ 300,000 was disbursed to Al-Azhar University for the construction of two additional floors to its library. The remaining amount was utilised for a Human Resource Development Programme. 
Following a visit of a security delegation to India in March, 1997, led by the Head of the Palestinian Security Forces, Maj. Gen. Nasser Yussef, India offered 51 specialised security training slots to Palestinians in various disciplines during the year 1997-98, which accounted for an estimated expenditure of Rs. 55 lakhs. India also continued to offer 8 scholarships under ICCR Schemes to Palestinian students for higher studies in India, while also offering several slots for training courses under the ITEC Programme. 
India added more than 50 training slots, at a cost of 40.63 lacs, to Palestinian personnel for specialised training courses during the financial year 1998-99, where 58 Palestinian officers completed their training. During the financial year 1999-2000, 38 more Palestinian officers utilised the facilities for training.
In October 2008 PAP President Abbas visited New Delhi where he met with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh who announced an assistance of US$20 million to the Palestinian Authority and promised to do all New Delhi can to help it in the PNA's endeavours.
PNA President Mahmoud Abbas paid a state visit to India in September 2012, during which India pledged US$10 million as aid. Indian officials said it was the third such donation, adding that New Delhi was committed to helping other development projects. India also pledged support to Palestine’s bid for full and equal membership of the UN. Three pacts — on building schools, on Information Technology and imparting vocational training — were signed between the two side after the talks. Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said: "Support for the Palestinian cause has been a cornerstone of India’s foreign policy. I reiterated India’s firm support for the struggle of the Palestinian people to achieve a sovereign, independent, viable and united state of Palestine with East Jerusalem as its capital."
Refugees.
The first group of Palestinian refugees from Iraq arrived in India in March 2006. Generally, they were unable to find work in India as they spoke only Arabic though some found employment with the UNHRC's non-governmental partners. All of them were provided with free access to governmental hospitals. Of the 165 Palestinian refugees from Iraq in India, 137 of them found clearance for resettlement in Sweden.
Cultural ties.
As in much of the Third World, including Eastern Europe, South East Asia and the South Asian periphery, the Bollywood legacy continues to build soft power prerogatives for India.
Economic ties.
An Indian company, M/s Satyam, Hyderabad (and M/s United Information Technology), were jointly awarded by Palestine Telecommunications Co. a contract for the supply and implementation of Oracle Financial System in Nablus, West Bank.
Bilateral visitation.
PLO President Yasser Arafat visited India on 20–22 November 1997. He also paid a one day visit to India on 10 April 1999. In 1997 an Memorandum of Understanding on Co-operation was signed between the two states. The MOU provided for a structured framework for bilateral co-operation in such diverse areas as commerce, trade, culture, science & technology, industrial collaboration, information and broadcasting, amongst others. Arafat also laid the foundation stone of an auditorium to be built by the Indo-Arab League in Hyderabad. In April, 1997 he attended the 12th Ministerial Conference of Non-Aligned Movement, where he addressed the NAM Foreign Ministers in a special session. 
The PLO's Executive Committee member, Sulaiman Najjab, visited India to participate in a seminar on "Prospects for Peace in the Middle East," organised by the United Nations’ Department of Information on 3–4 February 1998. 
The Director General of the Palestine Election Commission also visited India in February, 1998 to familiarise himself with the election process in India, where he visited Gandhi Nagar and Mumbai to witness the election process. 
The Palestinian Minister of Housing and Energy, Abdel Rahman Hamad, visited India in April, 1998 to attend another seminar organised by the Council of Arab Ambassadors. During the visit, he called on the Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas and the Minister of External Affairs. A Member of the Executive Committee of Al-Fateh, in charge of foreign relations and a member of the Palestine National Council, Hani Al-Hasan, visited India as a representative of the PLO to attend the 17h Congress of the Communist Party of India (CPI) held at Chennai from 18–20 September 1998. He also called on the Minister of External Affairs. 
An Indian official delegation visited the Palestinian self-rule areas in May, 1997 and called on President Arafat in Gaza. The Minister for External Affairs, Saleem I. Shervani, met the Foreign Minister of the State of Palestine, Farouk Kaddoumi, at Tunis on 5 September 1997. Following this an MOU on Bilateral Co-operation between the Government of India and the PNA was concluded in November, 1997. There was a strengthening of co-operation in the field of trade, culture and information.

</doc>
<doc id="20230130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230130" title="Felicia Stoler">
Felicia Stoler

Stoler attended Tulane University, where she graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science and sociology. She attended Columbia University, where she majored in applied physiology and nutrition and was awarded a Master of Science degree. In 2008, she completed a doctorate in clinical nutrition (D.C.N.) at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey.
Stoler grew up in Marlboro Township, New Jersey, where she attended Marlboro Middle School and Marlboro High School. , she lived with her children in nearby Holmdel Township, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20230138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230138" title="Appleton Milo Harmon">
Appleton Milo Harmon

Appleton Milo Harmon (May 29, 1820 – February 27, 1877) was an early member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and a leading pioneer of the emigration to Salt Lake City and the settlement of Utah Territory. Harmon was born in Conneaut Pennsylvania, the son of Jesse Pierce Harmon and Annie Barnes, he married Elmeda Stringham in 1846. He was devoted to his religion and was an industrious and multitalented builder who constructed sawmills, a cotton gin, pony express roads, furniture, wagons, and worked as blacksmith and other trades. He is often remembered for building an early version of the modern odometer, using the design of William Clayton and Orson Pratt. This "Roadometer" was built in 1847 during the trek of Brigham Young's vanguard company, and it improved the efficiency of logging the daily mileage, information that was vital to subsequent travelers of the Mormon trail. Harmon kept a detailed journal of his trek west and his mission to England that has been published. 

</doc>
<doc id="20230141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230141" title="Tropical Storm Becky (1970)">
Tropical Storm Becky (1970)

Tropical Storm Becky was the second tropical cyclone and named storm of the 1970 Atlantic hurricane season. Becky formed from a tropical depression that was designated on July 19. The next day it organized over the Yucatan Channel and became Tropical Storm Becky. Initially thought to have attained minimal hurricane status, Becky reached peak winds of 65 mph (100 km/h), but the storm began to deteriorate shortly thereafter. The storm made landfall on the Florida Panhandle on July 22, and rapidly weakened over land. Overall, damage was related to heavy rainfall that caused flooding in Tallahassee, Florida; 104 families suffered flood-related losses. About $500,000 (1970 USD) in damage was attributed to the storm. Further north, the heavy rainfall swelled rivers. Becky may have been partially responsible for spawning tornadoes that destroyed or damaged several houses. 
Meteorological history.
On July 16, 1970, a large disturbance separated from the Intertropical Convergence Zone near Panama. The broad area of convection dominated the region between Swan Island and western Cuba by July 18. Some sources state that the area of convection was joined by a low-level vortex that entered the area, eventually forming a depression. Others believe that the origins of Becky can be tracked back to a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa on July 9.
A tropical depression formed on July 19, 1970. As the depression moved through the Yucatan Channel, the convective cloud system became better organized. On July 20, in light of data from a Reconnaissance Aircraft flight, the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Becky.
The storm moved roughly northward under the influence of the Bermuda High to the east and a low pressure area over Mexico. Reports from a Reconnaissance flight indicated that Becky was disorganized, with a minimum barometric pressure of . Although a fairly strong low-level circulation developed, there was insufficient warming of the center to produce a significant drop in barometric pressure at the surface. Late on July 20, a ship reported a minimum pressure of about , and another ship reported sustained winds of 65 mph (100 km/h), which would be Becky's peak intensity. A Reconnaissance flight and weather radars suggested the development of an eye feature, and initially it was believed that the storm attained minimal hurricane status. Later it was later confirmed that Becky remained a tropical storm, and the previously forming eye failed to persist.
On July 21, the storm deteriorated in organization as it continued northward. The lack of banding features indicated that by early on July 22, Becky was barely a tropical storm. The storm made landfall near Port St. Joe, Florida shortly thereafter, and weakened rapidly as it moved inland; as a rainstorm, it progressed northward into the Midwestern United States and completely dissipated over Michigan.
Preparations.
Offshore, Shell Oil removed some workers and equipment from offshore platforms. A hurricane warning was issued from Fort Walton, Florida to Port St. Joe, Florida. Similarly, a gale warning was posted for coastal areas of Alabama and Florida. A hurricane watch was issued for locations in Mississippi and Louisiana. On July 22, a tornado watch was posted for northern Florida. Tornado warnings were also issued, and a flash flood watch was declared for parts of western North Carolina. Gale warnings were posted from Panama City, Florida to St. Marks, Florida, with the expectation of winds to . Heavy rainfall of up to was predicted, and tides of forecast. Isolated tornadoes were possible as the storm made landfall.
Thousands of residents were evacuated from the Panhandle of Florida, including Santa Rosa Island and Destin, as well as other low-lying locations. Some residents evacuated to storm shelters that were set up in various cities along the coast. A store in Destin reported increased sales in hurricane-related supplies such as canned goods and flashlights. Florida Governor Claude Kirk ordered health units and law enforcement to operate on emergency alert. Small craft in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico were advised to remain in port until the high seas subsided.
Impact.
Upon making landfall, a barometric pressure of 1007 mb accompanied the storm. Along the coast of the Panhandle, gale-force winds and tides of above-normal were reported. Tallahassee, Florida received of rainfall; due to the heavy precipitation, serious flooding occurred. At Anna Marie Island in Florida, heavy rainfall and squalls accompanied by winds of were reported. In South Carolina, heavy precipitation led to rivers approaching flood stage. Locally heavy rainfall caused rivers to rise in North Carolina, though they remained below flood stage. Along the Cape Fear River, a boat ramp was washed out. Farther towards the north in Georgia and Alabama, the rainfall helped to relieve persistent drought conditions.
According to the Red Cross, 104 families in the Tallahassee region suffered flood-related losses, and two injuries were reported. There, winds gusted to . Flood waters were knee-deep around a county courthouse at Crawfordville, Florida. In low-lying areas, flooding damaged homes, and to the southwest of Tallahassee, of water forced the evacuation of 15 homes by rowboat. Over 100 cars were stranded in the flooding. As precautionary measures, a few secondary roads were closed in the region. Damage from Becky in the state totaled $500,000 (1970 USD), mostly in Leon and Wakulla counties. Two injuries were reported. 
Several tornadoes were reported. Near Panacea, Florida, a tornado destroyed a house and damaged two others. Another tornado in Emanuel County, Georgia killed one person and demolished two homes. However, due to the conditions that spawned the tornadoes, they are not directly attributed to Becky.

</doc>
<doc id="20230153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230153" title="George Bangs">
George Bangs

George Bangs (February 28, 1826 – November 21, 1877) was an American who developed the railroad mail car.

</doc>
<doc id="20230206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230206" title="The Nightingale (novel)">
The Nightingale (novel)

The Nightingale is a novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888–1982) set in a fictional rural Western Pennsylvania village (but much like the author's birthplace of New Alexandria, Pennsylvania, about thirty miles east of Pittsburgh) at the turn of the 20th century.
Violet Carpenter is already considered a spinster at age twenty-five when financial necessity forces her to take in lodgers. Her avocation, however, is to write poetry. To her astonishment, both paths lead to romantic crossroads.

</doc>
<doc id="20230213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230213" title="Claire-Lise Campion">
Claire-Lise Campion

Claire-Lise Campion (born 27 July 1951) is a member of the Senate of France. She represents the Essonne department, and is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20230237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230237" title="Gérard César">
Gérard César

Gérard César (born 19 December 1934 in Bordeaux, Gironde) is a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Gironde department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20230246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230246" title="Harry Longland">
Harry Longland

Harry Longland (May 3, 1881 — September 20, 1911) was an English cricketer who played for Northamptonshire. He was born in Leicester and died in Fenny Stratford.
Longland made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1907 season. However, he neither batted nor bowled for the team, and took no catches, in a match in which there was no play on the first day. However, in the same match, George Thompson hit a hat-trick for the team.

</doc>
<doc id="20230256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230256" title="Michel Charasse">
Michel Charasse

Michel Charasse (born 8 July 1941) is a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Puy-de-Dôme department, and is a member of the European Democratic and Social Rally.
On February 24, 2010, The French president Nicolas Sarkozy nominated him as a member of the Constitutional Council of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20230270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230270" title="In the Swing of Christmas">
In the Swing of Christmas

In the Swing of Christmas is Barry Manilow's third Christmas-themed album, released in 2007. It was only available at Hallmark Cards stores. You could also go to one of Barry's web sites to download the bonus track "It Came Upon The Midnight Clear". 
In 2009, the album was re-released on Arista Records with two added tracks,The first one was "Christmas Is Just Around The Corner", from the animated movie "A Cranberry Christmas", and the other one was "Rudolph The Red Nosed Reindeer". 
In 2008, the album was nominated for a Grammy Award in the 'Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album' category.
Co-produced by Barry Manilow and Scott Erickson, the album also features the Matt Herskowitz trio (Matt Herskowitz, David Rozenblatt and Mat Fields - formerly MAD Fusion)

</doc>
<doc id="20230286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230286" title="Yves Chastan">
Yves Chastan

Yves Chastan (born 20 April 1948 in Dieulefit, Drôme) is a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Ardèche department, and is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20230298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230298" title="The Spooler">
The Spooler

The Spooler was a systems software operating system package that provided spooling facilities for the IBM System/370 running DOS/VS, DOS/VSE environment, and IBM System/360 running DOS/360 or retrofitted with modified DOS/360, such as TCSC's EDOS. Other venders offering The Spooler as part of their OS were Amdahl, Fujitsu, Hitachi, Magnuson, and RCA.
The product.
The Spooler was an operating system enhancement available for DOS, DOS/VS, DOS/VSE, and came packaged with some third party DOS-based operating systems.
It 'spooled' (queued) printer and card data, freeing programs from being dependent upon the speed of printers or punched card equipment.
The Spooler competed with IBM's POWER and SDI's GRASP. Like GRASP, The Spooler could reside in an independent 'Fn' partition.
Platforms.
Software.
The product ran under several DOS-related platforms:
Hardware.
Hardware platforms included:
Several other venders either offered The Spooler as part of their OS or certified compatibility:
Marketing.
The Spooler was sold by DataCorp of Virginia, in Harrisonburg, Virginia. The marketing manager and chief salesman was Chaz Frank. Although their target audience was North America, initial sales were in the American South.
For overseas sales, DataCorp engaged in both mail order and local vendors. The product was also embedded in third party operating system packages.
Development.
The Spooler was originally developed at Carolina Steel in Greensboro, North Carolina by Don Stoneman, with the assistance of Harry Parrish and Charlie Rice. The program went into production in 1975.
Upon commercialization in 1976, development moved to DataCorp of Virginia, in Harrisonburg, Virginia, under the direction of Leigh Lundin.
Source of controversy.
DataCorp's original intention had been to continue development at a major banking data center they owned in Harrisonburg. However, their application programmers reported they did not have the expertise in-house.
DataCorp, already in talks with independent developer, Leigh Lundin, for his Fx package, contracted with him to take over The Spooler. Three weeks later, after receiving the supposed source code, Lundin reported it had been encrypted and stripped of references and internal notes.
DataCorp attempted negotiations with the original developer and pursued legal avenues, without fruition. Computer Associates stepped into the struggle, but failed to exploit it. The result was that DataCorp legally owned the rights to the package and had a growing customer base, but they also had bug reports and no viable source code.
Their independent developer had vested time decoding and decrypting the original package to build a legal case. When DataCorp realized they were in an untenable position, Lundin proposed building decryption tools to reconstruct the packages. Within months, he had re-engineered the package and begun development of new versions.
DataCorp, fighting off a second takeover attempt by CA, felt less comfortable than ever and, by the early 1980s, discontinued development.
Fx.
The Spooler required a dedicated partition. With DOS having only three partitions and DOS/VS seven, giving up a partition to The Spooler placed a crimp in practicability.
Leigh Lundin designed Fx, a pseudo-partition that relieved the user from relinquishing a working partition. Fx appeared in the DOS/VS version of SDI's Grasp as F0.

</doc>
<doc id="20230299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230299" title="Pincher">
Pincher

Pincher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20230301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230301" title="List of Olof Palme memorials">
List of Olof Palme memorials

This is a list of memorials and places named in honor of Olof Palme, the assassinated Prime Minister of Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20230302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230302" title="Alain Chatillon">
Alain Chatillon

Alain Chatillon (born 15 March 1943) is a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Haute-Garonne department and is a member of the Radical Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20230305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230305" title="John Cull">
John Cull

John Douglas Cull (born 23 January 1951), a former Australian politician, was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing the rural seat of Tamworth from the 2001 by-election until 2003 for the National Party of Australia.
Early years and background.
Cull owned and ran a large grain and property at Curlewis for much of his career. In the early 1980s, he also opened a franchise business called "New England Retailing", operating four franchises of national chains in Armidale and Tamworth. After leaving the cattle business in the early 1990s, he owned and ran the Angus and Robertson book store in Tamworth.
Political career.
A long-time member of the National Party, Cull was preselected at the party's candidate for the 2001 by-election, sparked by the successful move from state to federal politics by conservative independent Tony Windsor. Cull faced two strong independent challenges from the sometimes controversial James Treloar, the Mayor of Tamworth who was Windsor's endorsed successor, and Tamworth councillor Warren Woodley. Cull ultimately won the seat by a sizable margin. 
He faced a new independent challenge in the general election in 2003 in the form of former Hazelton Airlines executive Peter Draper, who had the strong endorsement of Windsor and popular state independent Richard Torbay. Draper won by more than 1,400 votes, thus ending Cull's short parliamentary career.

</doc>
<doc id="20230333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230333" title="McClintic Wildlife Management Area">
McClintic Wildlife Management Area

McClintic Wildlife Management Area, known locally as the ""TNT area"", is located in Mason County about north of Point Pleasant, West Virginia. Located on of former wartime industrial land, the WMA is occupied by farmland, woodlands, and wetlands encompassing 31 ponds. The area still contains stored explosives left over from the war; these are in a dangerous condition and have been known to explode.
Hunting and fishing.
Hunting opportunities include deer, mourning dove, grouse, rabbit, raccoon, squirrel, waterfowl, woodcock, and turkey. Special regulations for deer hunting have been established for the WMA to create a "trophy buck hunting" area. Only bucks with an antler spread of or more may be taken in the WMA.
Trapping opportunities include beaver, mink, muskrat, and raccoon. A special permit from the District Wildlife Biologist is required to run traps on WMA land.
Fishing opportunities abound in the 29 ponds available for fishing and in the nearby Ohio River. Warmwater species fishing opportunities can include walleye, musky, tiger musky, channel catfish, hybrid striped bass, saugeye, sunfish, largemouth bass, and smallmouth bass.
Rustic camping is available seasonally in the WMA. A shooting range is also available.

</doc>
<doc id="20230345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230345" title="Jean-Pierre Chauveau">
Jean-Pierre Chauveau

Jean-Pierre Chauveau (born 8 November 1942) is a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Sarthe department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement - rather surprisingly, given that he is an unpopular and somewhat bloated git.

</doc>
<doc id="20230360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230360" title="César Ibáñez">
César Ibáñez

César Alberto Ibáñez Jiménez (born April 1, 1992 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a professional footballer. He currently plays for Santos Laguna as a defense or midfielder.
Club career.
Considered one of the best young Mexican players. On November 8, 2008 César made his 1st division debut at the age of 16 in a 2-1 win over Monarcas Morelia. Oddly, he had only played one game in the 2nd Division of Mexican football. On April 29, 2010 scouts from Spanish team Real Valladolid wanted him to join the club's B team. Ibáñez declined the offer for a move to Spain, choosing to stay with Atlas. on Apertura 2011 he will play with the Mexican club Santos Laguna on loan.
International career.
He has been called up to the Mexico national under-17 football team. César was a starter on the under-17 Mexican team that beat the Brazilian national team at the 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup.
U-23 International appearances.
"As of 1 June 2012"
Honours.
Club.
Santos Laguna: (1)
International.
Mexico

</doc>
<doc id="20230371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230371" title="Jacqueline Chevé">
Jacqueline Chevé

Jacqueline Chevé (21 August 1961 – 15 March 2010) was a member of the Senate of France. She represented the Côtes-d'Armor department, and was a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20230427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230427" title="Outliers (book)">
Outliers (book)

Outliers: The Story of Success is the third non-fiction book written by Malcolm Gladwell and published by Little, Brown and Company on November 18, 2008. In "Outliers", Gladwell examines the factors that contribute to high levels of success. To support his thesis, he examines the causes of why the majority of Canadian ice hockey players are born in the first few months of the calendar year, how Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates achieved his extreme wealth, how The Beatles became one of the most successful musical acts in human history, how Joseph Flom built Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom into one of the most successful law firms in the world, how cultural differences play a large part in perceived intelligence and rational decision making, and how two people with exceptional intelligence, Christopher Langan and J. Robert Oppenheimer, end up with such vastly different fortunes. Throughout the publication, Gladwell repeatedly mentions the "10,000-Hour Rule", claiming that the key to success in any field is, to a large extent, a matter of practicing a specific task for a total of around 10,000 hours.
The publication debuted at number one on the bestseller lists for "The New York Times" and "The Globe and Mail", holding the position on the former for eleven consecutive weeks. Generally well-received by critics, "Outliers" was considered more personal than Gladwell's other works, and some reviews commented on how much "Outliers" felt like an autobiography. Reviews praised the connection that Gladwell draws between his own background and the rest of the publication to conclude the book. Reviewers also appreciated the questions posed by "Outliers", finding it important to determine how much individual potential is ignored by society. However, the lessons learned were considered anticlimactic and dispiriting. The writing style, deemed easy to understand, was criticized for oversimplifying complex sociological phenomena.
Background.
Malcolm Gladwell, the author of "Outliers", was a journalist for "The Washington Post" before writing for "The New Yorker". The subjects for his articles, usually non-fiction, range from "Ron Popeil's infomercial empire to computers that analyze pop songs". His familiarity with academic material has allowed him to write about "psychology experiments, sociological studies, law articles, statistical surveys of plane crashes and classical musicians and hockey players", which he converts into prose accessible to a general audience and which sometimes pass as memes into the popular imagination.
Before "Outliers", Gladwell, who typically writes from a contrarian viewpoint, wrote two best-selling books: "The Tipping Point" (2000) and "Blink" (2005). Both books have been described as "pop economics". "The Tipping Point", which sold 2.5 million copies, focuses on how ideas and behaviors reach critical mass, such as how Hush Puppies rapidly grew popular in the 1990s. "Blink", which sold 2 million copies, explains "what happens during the first two seconds we encounter something, before we actually start to think". All Gladwell's books focus on singularities: singular events in "The Tipping Point", singular moments in "Blink", and singular people in "Outliers". Gladwell was drawn to writing about singular things after he discovered that "they always made the best stories". Convinced that the most unusual stories had the best chance of reaching the front page of a newspaper, he was "quickly weaned off the notion that should be interested in the mundane".
For "Outliers", Gladwell spent time looking for research that made claims that were contrary to what he considered to be popularly held beliefs. In one of the book's chapters, in which Gladwell focuses on the American public school system, he used research conducted by university sociologist Karl Alexander that suggested that "the way in which education is discussed in the United States is backwards". In another chapter, Gladwell cites pioneering research performed by Canadian psychologist Roger Barnsley when discussing how the birthdate of a young hockey player can determine their skill level in the future.
While writing the book, Gladwell noted that "the biggest misconception about success is that we do it solely on our smarts, ambition, hustle and hard work." In "Outliers", he hopes to show that there are a lot more variables involved in an individual's success than society cares to admit, and he wants people to "move away from the notion that everything that happens to a person is up to that person". Gladwell noted that, although there was little that could be done with regard to a person's fate, society can still impact the "man"-affected part of an individual's success. When asked what message he wanted people to take away after reading "Outliers", Gladwell responded, "What we do as a community, as a society, for each other, matters as much as what we do for ourselves. It sounds a little trite, but there's a powerful amount of truth in that, I think."
Synopsis.
"Outliers" has two parts: "Part One: Opportunity" contains six chapters, and "Part Two: Legacy" has four. The book also contains an Introduction and Epilogue. Focusing on outliers, defined by Gladwell as people who do not fit into our normal understanding of achievement, "Outliers" deals with exceptional people, especially those who are smart, rich, and successful, and those who operate at the extreme outer edge of what is statistically plausible. The book offers examples that include the musical ensemble The Beatles, Microsoft's co-founder Bill Gates, and the theoretical physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer. In the introduction, Gladwell lays out the purpose of "Outliers": "It's not enough to ask what successful people are like. [...] It is only by asking where they are from that we can unravel the logic behind who succeeds and who doesn't." Throughout the publication, he discusses how family, culture, and friendship each play a role in an individual's success, and he constantly asks whether successful people deserve the praise that we give them.
The book begins with the observation that a disproportionate number of elite Canadian hockey players are born in the first few months of the calendar year. The reason is that since youth hockey leagues determine eligibility by calendar year, children born on January 1 play in the same league as those born on December 31 in the same year. Because children born earlier in the year are bigger and more mature than their younger competitors, and they are often identified as better athletes, this leads to extra coaching and a higher likelihood of being selected for elite hockey leagues. This phenomenon in which "the rich get richer and the poor get poorer" is dubbed "accumulative advantage" by Gladwell, while sociologist Robert K. Merton calls it "the Matthew Effect", named after a biblical verse in the Gospel of Matthew: "For unto everyone that hath shall be given, and he shall have abundance. But from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath." "Outliers" asserts that success depends on the idiosyncrasies of the selection process used to identify talent just as much as it does on the athletes' natural abilities.
A common theme that appears throughout "Outliers" is the "10,000-Hour Rule", based on a study by Anders Ericsson. Gladwell claims that greatness requires enormous time, using the source of The Beatles' musical talents and Gates' computer savvy as examples. The Beatles performed live in Hamburg, Germany over 1,200 times from 1960 to 1964, amassing more than 10,000 hours of playing time, therefore meeting the 10,000-Hour Rule. Gladwell asserts that all of the time The Beatles spent performing shaped their talent, and quotes Beatles' biographer Philip Norman as saying, "So by the time they returned to England from Hamburg, Germany, 'they sounded like no one else. It was the making of them.'" Gates met the 10,000-Hour Rule when he gained access to a high school computer in 1968 at the age of 13, and spent 10,000 hours programming on it.
In "Outliers", Gladwell interviews Gates, who says that unique access to a computer at a time when they were not commonplace helped him succeed. Without that access, Gladwell states that Gates would still be "a highly intelligent, driven, charming person and a successful professional", but that he might not be worth US$50 billion. Gladwell explains that reaching the 10,000-Hour Rule, which he considers the key to success in any field, is simply a matter of practicing a specific task that can be accomplished with 20 hours of work a week for 10 years. He also notes that he himself took exactly 10 years to meet the 10,000-Hour Rule, during his brief tenure at "The American Spectator" and his more recent job at "The Washington Post".
Reemphasizing his theme, Gladwell continuously reminds the reader that genius is not the only or even the most important thing when determining a person's success. Using an anecdote to illustrate his claim, he discusses the story of Christopher Langan, a man who ended up owning a horse farm in rural Missouri despite having an IQ of 195 (Gladwell claims that Einstein's was 150). Gladwell points out that Langan has not reached a high level of success because of the environment in which he grew up. With no one in Langan's life and nothing in his background to help him take advantage of his exceptional gifts, he had to find success by himself. "No one—not rock stars, not professional athletes, not software billionaires, and not even geniuses—ever makes it alone", writes Gladwell.
Later, Gladwell compares Langan with Oppenheimer, the father of the atomic bomb. Noting that they typify innate natural abilities that should have helped them both succeed in life, Gladwell argues that Oppenheimer's upbringing made a pivotal difference in his life. Oppenheimer grew up in one of the wealthiest neighborhoods in Manhattan, was the son of a successful businessman and a painter, attended the Ethical Culture Fieldston School on Central Park West, and was afforded a childhood of concerted cultivation. "Outliers" argues that these opportunities gave Oppenheimer the chance to develop the practical intelligence necessary for success. Gladwell then provides an anecdote: When Oppenheimer was a student at University of Cambridge he attempted to poison one of his tutors. He continued his studies by using the skills gained from his cultivated upbringing in his negotiation with the university's administrators, who had wanted to expel him.
In chapter nine, Marita's Bargain, Gladwell advances the notion that the success of students of different cultures or different socio-economic backgrounds is in fact highly correlated to the time students spent in school or in educationally rich environments. He describes the Knowledge is Power Program (KIPP) which helps students from about 50 inner city schools across the United States achieve much better results that other inner city schools' students and explains that their success stems from the fact that they simply spent more hours at school during the school year and the summer. Gladwell also analyzes a 5-year study done by Karl Alexander of Johns Hopkins University, demonstrating that summer holidays have a detrimental effect on students of disadvantaged backgrounds, who paradoxically progress more during the school year than students from the highest socio-economic group.
Before the book concludes, Gladwell writes about the unique roots of his Jamaican mother, Joyce, a descendant of African slaves. Joyce attended University College in London, where she met and fell in love with Graham Gladwell, a young mathematician. After moving together to Canada, Graham became a math professor and Joyce a writer and therapist. While Gladwell acknowledges his mother's ambition and intelligence, he also points out opportunities offered to his parents that helped them live a life better than those of other slave descendants in the West Indies. Gladwell also explains that, in the 18th century, a white plantation owner in Jamaica bought a female slave and made her his mistress. This act inadvertently saved the slave and her offspring from a life of brutal servitude. As one of the slave's descendants, this turn of luck led to Gladwell's relatively successful position in life. Summarizing the publication, Gladwell notes that success "is not exceptional or mysterious. It is grounded in a web of advantages and inheritances, some deserved, some not, some earned, some just plain lucky", and at the end of the book, he remarks, ""Outliers" wasn't intended as autobiography. But you could read it as an extended apology for my success."
Characters.
Figures mentioned include:
Style.
"Outliers" has been described as a form of autobiography, as Gladwell mixes in elements from his own life into the book to give it a more personal touch. Lev Grossman, writing in "Time" magazine, called "Outliers" a "more personal book than its predecessors", noting, "If you hold it up to the light, at the right angle, you can read it as a coded autobiography: a successful man trying to figure out his own context, how success happened to him and what it means." He also surmised that Gladwell feels guilty about his success and believes that Christopher Langan should have experienced the same success that he had.
Reception.
Published by Little, Brown and Company on November 18, 2008, "Outliers" debuted at number one on the bestseller lists for "The New York Times" in the United States and "The Globe and Mail" in Canada on November 28, 2008, holding the position on the former for eleven consecutive weeks. As in his other books, Gladwell's engaging and vivid prose drew praise in "Outliers", though Gladwell's methodology has been criticized for too often falling prey to fallacious reasoning, inadequate and anecdotally based sampling, and oversimplified analysis.
David A. Shaywitz, reviewing the book in "The Wall Street Journal", praised Gladwell's writing style as "iconic", and asserted that "many new nonfiction authors seek to define themselves as the 'Malcolm Gladwell of' their chosen topic." He complimented its clarity and easy grace, but also pointed to these as possible Achilles' heels for Gladwell because of his oversimplification of complex sociological phenomena to "compact, pithy explanations". Furthermore, he praised the book for asking some important questions, such as "How much potential out there is being ignored? How much raw talent remains uncultivated and ultimately lost because we cling to outmoded ideas of what success looks like and what is required to achieve it?"
In a discussion about the book in "Slate" magazine, John Horgan was particularly moved by Gladwell's family history. He felt that the links between race and achievement were given substantive analysis, but found the lessons mentioned in "Outliers" to be "oddly anticlimactic, even dispiriting". His contribution concluded by remarking, ""Outliers" represents a squandered opportunity for Gladwell—himself an outlier, an enormously talented and influential writer and the descendant of an African slave—to make a major contribution to our ongoing discourse about nature, nurture, and race." "BusinessWeek" gave the book four out of five stars and appreciated its "Aha!" moments, but wondered if Gladwell purposely omits evidence that contradict his thesis. The review remarked that "Outliers" was repetitive in parts, but that Gladwell eventually pulls the stories together into an overarching narrative.
Criticism focused on the book's style and oversimplified conceptualizations. Displeased with Gladwell's generalizations drawn from small amounts of data, Roger Gathman wrote in "The Austin American-Statesman" that this was uncharacteristic of him, and believed that the approach points to a "certain exhaustion in his favorite method". He remarked that in "Outliers", the experiments, analyses, and conclusions drawn are too mechanically applied to historical or cultural phenomena to "create a cognitive 'gotcha' moment", that Gladwell's analytical method was no longer working, and that "it's high time for Gladwell to produce something more challenging than his beautifully executed tomb robberies of old sociology papers." Boyd Tonkin in "The Independent" held a similar opinion, and wondered why Gladwell "does not yet hold a tenured professorship at the University of the Bleedin' Obvious".
Jason Cowley, reviewing the book in "The Guardian", felt that "Outliers" was an argument between Gladwell and himself, referring to the many times that he uses the word "we" when defining his position, such as in the example: "There is something profoundly wrong with the way we look at success. [...] We cling to the idea that success is a simple function of individual merit and that the world in which we grow up and the rules we choose to write as a society don't matter at all." He also believed that there was a "certain one-dimensional Americanness at work", observing that many of Gladwell's examples are from the United States, particularly in New York City. In an article about the book for "The New York Times", Steven Pinker wrote, "The reasoning in 'Outliers,' which consists of cherry-picked anecdotes, post-hoc sophistry and false dichotomies, had me gnawing on my Kindle." In a review in "The New Republic", Isaac Chotiner called the final chapter of "Outliers" "impervious to all forms of critical thinking".
Finding it ironic that "Outliers" provided suggestions on how to resolve cultural biases, the "Sunday Times" review by Kevin Jackson agreed that the book itself suffered from an unbalanced focus on American subjects, predicting that this would lead to better sales in the United States than in the United Kingdom. Jackson was disappointed in the book's lack of new ideas, noting that it merely expands on the concept that "you have to be born at the right moment; at the right place; to the right family (posh usually helps); and then you have to work really, really hard. That's about it." He was also skeptical towards Gladwell's arguments for the 10,000-Hour Rule by countering that The Beatles' success had more to do with "the youthful spirit of the age, the vogue for guitar bands and a spark of collaborative chemistry". Regarding the book, Paul McCartney, former member of The Beatles, said in an interview on August 6, 2010:
Statistical analyst Jeff Sauro looked at Gladwell's claim that between 1952 and 1958 was the best time to be born to become a software millionaire. Sauro found that, although the 1952–1958 category held the most births, " software millionaire is more than twice as likely to be born outside the 1952 to 1958 window than within it." Sauro notes that Gladwell's claims are used more as a means of getting the reader to think about patterns in general, rather than a pursuit of verifiable fact.
Sociologist Shayne Lee referenced Outliers in his opinion editorial for CNN.com that commemorated Martin Luther King Jr.'s birthday. Professor Lee discussed the strategic timing of Dr. King's ascent from a "Gladwellian" perspective, citing Outliers as the inspiration for his argument.

</doc>
<doc id="20230441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230441" title="Root wall">
Root wall

A Root wall is soft-shore alternative to marine bulkheads and revetments that utilizes large organic debris (LOD) such as whole trees and large root masses as major structural components. It was developed by environmental consultant Elliott Menashe.

</doc>
<doc id="20230454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230454" title="Castle Island (New York)">
Castle Island (New York)

History.
What is now referred to as Westerlo Island was once 5 separate islands; Castle Island/Westerlo Island, Cabbage Island, Bogart Island, Marsh Island, and Beacon Island. In 1540 French traders from New France built a chateau on Castle Island, but due to flooding it was abandoned the next year. The Dutch rebuilt the French chateau, which they called a castle giving rise to the name of the island, as Fort Nassau in 1614 under the command of Hendrick Corstiaensen, but in 1618 it was also destroyed by flooding. The island was quickly divided into farms on a lease basis from the Rensselaerswyck patroonship. The first farm on Castle Island was called "Rensselaersburgh" and was established in 1630. The Dongan Charter of 1686, which incorporated Albany as a city, placed the southern boundary as the northern "tip of Marte Gerrite's island", which is what Westerlo Island was referred to at the time.
Castle Island was from 1909 to 1928 the site of the Quentin Roosevelt Field, the precursor to the Albany International Airport. Early aviators such as Glenn Curtiss and Charles Lindbergh landed there. In 1926 Westerlo Island was annexed by the city of Albany from the town of Bethlehem, the other islands were not. With the filling in of the shallow creek and the coastal areas of the Hudson River the three smallest islands; Bogart, Marsh, and Beacon; merged with Cabbage Island by 1929. Island Creek still separated Westerlo Island from the mainland and Cabbage. The Normans Kill (Normanskill Creek) separated Cabbage from the mainland. In the 1930s Island Creek was filled in, connecting Westerlo to the mainland and ending its time as an island, though it is still labeled as Westerlo Island on NYSDOT and USGS Albany quadrangle maps. In 1932 the island was opened as the Port of Albany-Rensselaer, along with in the city of Rensselaer. The Canadian Pacific Railway's Kenwood Yard and railroad tracks sit on the site of the original creek. A park just north of the Port of Albany is at the site of the former northern terminus of Island Creek with the Hudson River and retains the name Island Creek Park. By the 1950s Cabbage Island too had merged with Westerlo Island, but with the Normans Kill still flowing along its southern and western banks. The land along the Hudson River and north of the Normans Kill within the town of Bethlehem is the site of Cabbage Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20230460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230460" title="Corn allergy">
Corn allergy

Corn/Maize allergy is a type of food allergy. It can be a difficult allergy to manage, particularly in the United States, due to the high number of food products which contain various forms of corn, such as corn starch, modified food starch, vinegar, and vanilla extract, among many others. However, it is an allergy that often goes unrecognized. 
Symptoms.
As a result of a possible immunoglobulin E (IgE) allergy to corn, symptoms can resemble that of any other recognized allergy, including anaphylaxis. Reactions to corn derivatives, such as corn syrup, are also possible.

</doc>
<doc id="20230463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230463" title="Love Is What We Make It">
Love Is What We Make It

Love Is What We Make It is the title of a 1985 album by Kenny Rogers, released by Liberty Records. It is a collection of songs Rogers recorded between 1974 and 1983 that were rejected for his studio albums of that time. "Love Is What We Make It" was issued after he signed to RCA Nashville. "Stranger in My Place" is a 1974 recording with The First Edition, an alternate of which was released on their last single.
Singles.
The album is home to two singles, which were its first two tracks. The title track hit #37, and "Twentieth Century Fool" reached #57.

</doc>
<doc id="20230489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230489" title="Pasi Rantanen">
Pasi Rantanen

Pasi Rantanen (born October 30, 1969 Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish singer. Best known for his power metal band Thunderstone, of which he was a member from the band's creation in 2000 until 2007.
Rantanen also served as a background singer on, amongst other things, Stratovarius, Kotipelto and Ari Koivunen albums. In addition, the album Raskasta Joulua featured his talents on a version of "White Christmas". Rantanen also appeared at the Eurovision 2006 performance by Lordi as a background singer wearing a mask of Gene Simmons from Kiss. He is currently performing in a band called Joe Doakes, a Finnish cover band and STRIKE, a melodic rock band that he co-founded in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20230500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230500" title="China International Capital Corp">
China International Capital Corp

China International Capital Corporation (CICC; 中国国际金融有限公司) is one of China's largest investment banking and research services companies.
History.
CICC was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Beijing, China. It has offices in Shanghai, Hong Kong, Singapore, London, and New York. At the "2008 ALB China Law Awards", CICC was crowned: Deal of the Year - Energy & Resources Deal of the Year.
The founding shareholders of CICC are: China Jianyin Investment Limited, Morgan Stanley, China National Investment and Guaranty Co., Ltd. (CNIGC), Government of Singapore Investment Corporation (GIC), and the Mingly Corporation. The company offers fund managers and corporate clients corporate restructuring and mergers and acquisitions advisory; securities and brokerage; underwriting; asset management; sponsoring and fund management; and inter-bank lending and borrowing services. Its research department focuses on fundamental analysis, industry cycles, and corporate earnings on the prices of stocks and bonds.
Corporate Values.
People centered, client first, diligence and professionalism, quality, mutual respect, mutual support, subordinate development and social caring

</doc>
<doc id="20230572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230572" title="Marcel-Pierre Cléach">
Marcel-Pierre Cléach

Marcel-Pierre Cléach (born 16 January 1934) is a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Sarthe department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20230580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230580" title="The Richlands">
The Richlands

The Richlands is an historical novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888–1982) set in a rural village in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, thirty miles east of Pittsburgh.
At the turn of the 20th century in Western Pennsylvania, Jim Ryall decides to farm the Richlands instead of going to law school. There are two women in Jim's life: his pretty bride Peggy and gentle Phoebe, who takes care of his two children after Peggy's death.

</doc>
<doc id="20230612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230612" title="Uncial 0183">
Uncial 0183

Uncial 0183 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 7th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the First Epistle to the Thessalonians 3:6-9; 4:1-5, on one parchment leaf (26 cm by 16 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 28 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type, with many singular omissions. Aland placed it in Category III. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th century.
According to Karl Wessely it was found i n Fayyum.
The codex currently is housed at the Austrian National Library (Pap. G. 39785) in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="20230625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230625" title="Christian Cointat">
Christian Cointat

Christian Cointat (born 11 July 1943) is a member of the Senate of France. He represents the constituency of French citizens living abroad, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20230632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230632" title="United States presidential election in Oregon, 2008">
United States presidential election in Oregon, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 7 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Oregon was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with a 16.4% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. Situated on the West Coast, which has become a reliably Democratic stronghold, Oregon is a relatively blue state. The last Republican presidential nominee to carry Oregon was Ronald Reagan in his 1984 landslide reelection. Although George W. Bush came within half a percent of Al Gore in 2000, the Republicans have never seriously contested here. On Election Day 2008, Obama kept Oregon in the Democratic column, receiving near 57% of the vote.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
Obama won every single pre-election poll. Since September 22, Obama won each by a double digit margin of victory and at least 52% of the vote. The final 3 polls showed Obama leading 55% to 41%.
Fundraising.
McCain raised a total of $1,258,426 in the state. Obama raised $6,660,622.
Advertising and visits.
Obama and his interest groups spent 1,194,908. McCain and his interest groups spent just $159,222. Neither campaign visited the state.
Analysis.
Voters in Oregon have a strong penchant for advancing the protection of civil liberties and individual freedoms, liberal values that have given Democrats a big edge in the state in recent years. The state once leaned Republican, like most of the Pacific Northwest. It only went Democratic once from 1948 to 1984--during Lyndon Johnson's 44-state landslide of 1964. However, the state has gone Democratic in every election since 1988, and along with California and Washington it is reckoned as forming a solid bloc of blue states along the Pacific Coast.
On Election Day, Obama carried the state by 16.35 points. Most rural counties favored McCain, though Obama performed far better in this region than John Kerry did in 2004. However, Obama's strong support in the more urban Willamette Valley, home to two-thirds of the state's population, would have allowed him to win the state decisively in any event. The state remains geographically and politically divided by the Cascade Mountains, with eastern Oregon being more rural and less populated and therefore more strongly Republican, while western Oregon is more urbanized and populated and therefore more strongly Democratic. These two areas compose the core of each party's votes: rural Oregon is strongly Republican and very similar culturally to Idaho, while the Willamette Valley--especially the cities of Portland and Eugene-- heavily favors the Democrats. While Republicans typically win more counties due to running up large margins in the east, Democrats typically win the state because the Willamette Valley has more people. In 2008, Obama's overwhelming margins in Portland and Eugene, combined with strong support from Portland's suburbs (which function as swing counties), enabled him to win a landslide in a structurally liberal state.
During the same election, Democratic Speaker of the Oregon House of Representatives Jeff Merkley defeated incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Gordon Smith by a narrow 3.35-percent margin of victory. Merkley received 48.90% of the vote while Smith took in 45.55 with the remaining 5.24% going to Dave Brownlow of the Constitution Party. At the state level, Democrats picked up five seats in the Oregon House of Representatives while Republicans picked up one seat in the Oregon Senate.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Barack Obama carried four of the state’s five congressional districts in Oregon, all districts held by Democrats.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Oregon cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Oregon is allocated 7 electors because it has 5 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 7 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 7 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 7 were pledged to Barack Obama and Joe Biden:

</doc>
<doc id="20230639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230639" title="Pacific white skate">
Pacific white skate

The Pacific white skate ("Bathyraja spinosissima") is a species of skate, family Rajidae. It is one of the deepest-living of all skates, occurring at a depth of 800 to 2,938 m on the continental slope. It is native to the southeast Pacific Ocean from the Galapagos Islands to off Waldport, Oregon; an egg case and embryo has been collected from the Farallon Islands off San Francisco. Reports of it from the Sea of Okhotsk may represent a different species. Its species name, "spinosissima", comes from the Latin "spinosus" meaning "thorny", referring to its covering of dermal denticles.
The flattened pectoral fin disc of the Pacific white skate is slightly wider than long, with broadly rounded tips. The disc is covered with numerous small denticles above and below, giving it a shagreen-like texture. Adult males possess alar spines (on the dorsal surface of the pectoral fins near the tips). The tail is slightly longer than the disc, bearing a single median row of 23-29 thorns and two similar-sized dorsal fins near the end without an interdorsal thorn. The caudal fin is long and taperine, with a filamentous fold on its upper surface. Its teeth number 34 in the upper jaw and 23 in the lower. This species is a uniform pale to salty gray above and below, with dusky outer disc margins.
The Pacific white skate feeds on benthic fishes. Like other skates they are oviparous; the egg cases are olive green in color and longitudinally striated, with horn-like projections on the shell. The size at birth is about 25 cm; the maximum known size is 1.5 m. They are of no commercial interest but are occasionally taken as by-catch.

</doc>
<doc id="20230644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230644" title="Yvon Collin">
Yvon Collin

Yvon Collin (born 10 April 1944 in Montauban) is a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Tarn-et-Garonne department, and is a member of the Radical Party of the Left.

</doc>
<doc id="20230650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230650" title="Thomas Woodgate">
Thomas Woodgate

Thomas Woodgate (12 May 1857 — 30 January 1929) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Surrey. He was born in Holborn and died in Shepherd's Bush.
Woodgate made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1877 season, against Cambridge University. In the twelve-a-side match, he scored 11 runs in the first innings in which he batted, and a duck in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20230659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230659" title="The Kalmikoffs">
The Kalmikoffs

The Kalmikoffs were a professional wrestling group of fictitious soviet brothers. It began as a tag team consisting of Ivan (Edward Bruce) and Karol (Karol Piwoworczyk) who were later joined by "brothers" Nikita (Nikita Mulkovitch) and Stan (or Igor) (Eric Pomeroy). They were very successful in the mid-1950s to early 1960s, especially the original tag team of Ivan and Karol.
History.
The original two members debuted on October 28, 1953 in Amarillo, Texas as Ivan Kalmikoff and Karol Krauser against George and Jack Curtis. Later, already known as the Kalmikoffs became fictional brothers and became a successful tag team in the Minneapolis territory (future American Wrestling Association) and in Canada winning several titles. 
In 1962, after the formation of the AWA, Karol shortly left the promotion and Ivan begun teaming with another brother, Nikita with some success. After Karol returned to the AWA, the original duo won the AWA World Tag Team Championships.
By 1963, Ivan settled into a part-time job in the Detroit zoo as a landscaper. Karol Kalmikoff begun teaming with yet another "brother", Stan Kalmikoff, sometimes called Igor. The tandem didn't last, however, as Karol suffered a fatal heart attack on September 12, 1964 in Salt Lake City. Ivan would spend some time managing Mighty Igor Vodic while the other "brothers" moved on to other gimmicks.
In 1939 or 1940, Karol Krauser modeled for the Fleischer Studios in Florida for the Superman animated shorts.
Championships and accomplishments.
Ivan Kalmikoff.
Born Edward Bruce (May 21, 1918 - June 9, 1996) in Detroit, Michigan, Ivan found early success outside the Kalmikoffs in Dory Funk's NWA Western States Sports in Amarillo, Texas.
Karol Krauser/Kalmikoff.
Karol Piwoworczyk (Born Sept 12, 1912 Hollyok MA,
]) won one singles championship before passing away in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20230663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230663" title="Pierre-Yves Collombat">
Pierre-Yves Collombat

Pierre-Yves Collombat (born 18 July 1945) is a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Var department, and is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20230692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230692" title="Gérard Cornu">
Gérard Cornu

Gérard Cornu (born 6 February 1952) is a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Eure-et-Loire department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20230707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230707" title="Briolette of India">
Briolette of India

The Briolette of India is a colorless diamond (weighing ) that was found in India. It is cut in a briolette shape, and is a D-coloured (colourless) type IIa diamond. Its history was thought to date from the 12th century, when it was first acquired by Eleanor of Aquitaine, the Queen consort of King Louis VII of France between 1137 and 1152. This makes the Briolette of India the oldest diamond on record in the world, even older than the famous Koh-i-Noor.
The diamond was in the possession of several famous historical figures such as King Richard the Lion Heart, who carried it with him to the third crusade, and King Henry II of France who presented it to his mistress Diane de Poitiers.
The Briolette of India has disappeared from records for long periods, sometimes even for several centuries, before resurfacing again. It is currently believed to be in the possession of a European family.
Early history.
Modern reports of the diamond's history speculate that it dates back as far as the 12th century, when it is said to have first been acquired and brought to England by Eleanor of Aquitaine, the queen consort of King Louis VII of France. If Eleanor of Acquitaine did come into possession of the diamond, it was probably between 1137 and 1152, which would make the Briolette of India the oldest diamond on record. After her marriage to the King of France was dissolved, Eleanor married Henry II of England, to whom she bore eight children including Richard I of England (Richard the Lionheart) who is said to have later acquired the diamond. Modern sources speculate that King Richard I carried the Briolette of India with him when he took part in the third crusade.
The diamond's history was not recorded for almost three centuries after it passed from Richard I's possession. Modern sources resume the story of the diamond from the late 16th century, when Henry II of France is said to have presented it to his mistress, Diane de Poitiers. After Henry II's death, his queen consort, Catherine de Medicis, forced Poitiers to surrender the diamond as well as other jewels given her by the monarch. The jewels that were surrendered may have included the Briolette of India.
The diamond in the 20th century.
According to historian Hans Nadelhoffer, the Briolette of India was cut into its distinctive shape in Neuilly, Paris and sold to Cartier, along with another diamond called the Blue Heart (aka Unzue Heart). "Initially set as a pendant with a 126-grain pearl," Nadelhoffer writes, "the splendid stone was combined the following year with two 22-carat emeralds and the same pearl to form a brooch, which was sent to the New York branch [of Cartier. In 1911, Cartier's sold it to financier George Blumenthal", who presented it to his wife, Florence Meyer Blumenthal.
The Briolette resurfaced in 1950, when it was acquired by New York jeweler Harry Winston. Winston sold the diamond to the wife of Canadian millionaire I. W. Killam and bought it from Dorothy Killam's estate ten years later, after her death.
In July 1967, the Briolette of India was illustrated in a photograph by Richard Avedon. The image depicts Anglo-American fashion model Penelope Tree holding the unset stone before her right eye.
Harry Winston exhibited the Briolette in 1970 at a dinner organized for American fashion editors. A year later the firm sold it to a European client.
Today.
An unidentified European family reportedly owns the Briolette of India at the present time.
Characteristics.
The Briolette of India is a colourless (D-coloured), clear diamond. It is cut in a briolette shape, an exaggerated form of double rose cut. The diamond weighs . It is D-color and a type IIa diamond, which are the purest type of diamonds with no chemical impurities or plastic deformations in the crystal. Because of its pureness, it is even known as the "purest of the pure". When last seen, the diamond was being used as the pendant of a necklace, along with another diamond and a large pearl.

</doc>
<doc id="20230711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230711" title="Rosalín Ángeles">
Rosalín Ángeles

Rosalín Elina Ángeles Rojas (born July 23, 1985 in Santo Domingo) is a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic, who won the gold medal with the women's national team at the 2003 Pan American Games in her home town Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. 
Playing as a setter she also competed at the 2007 FIVB World Grand Prix for her native country, wearing the #2 jersey.
Beach Volleyball.
She won the gold medal of the Dominican Republic National Championship 2006 playing with Cinthia Piñeiro. In 2007 she played the first leg of the NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit playing with Dahiana Burgos, finishing in the 10th. place.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20230727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230727" title="Raymond Couderc">
Raymond Couderc

Raymond Couderc (born 16 September 1946 in Bordeaux) is a French politician, and a member of the Senate of France, representing the Department of Hérault. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement, which is a part of the European People's Party.
In addition to being a sénateur, he is the Mayor of Béziers, and the President of the community of the agglomeration Béziers to the Mediterranean. Before he was a senator, he was a député in the National Assembly, representing the 6th constituency of Hérault.

</doc>
<doc id="20230747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230747" title="Jean-Patrick Courtois">
Jean-Patrick Courtois

Jean-Patrick Courtois (born 20 May 1951) is a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Saône-et-Loire department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
He is the mayor of the city of Mâcon, in the Saône-et-Loire department since 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20230766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230766" title="Roland Courteau">
Roland Courteau

Roland Courteau (born 24 February 1943) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the department of Aude. He is a member of the Socialist Party.
In the Senate, he sits on the Commission for Economic Affairs, and he is a member of the Delegation on the rights of women, and equality of opportunity between men and women.
Before entering the Senate in 1980, he worked as a teacher, and served as a Councillor, and Vice President on the General Council of Aude.

</doc>
<doc id="20230802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230802" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1913">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1913

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1913 Australian federal election. The election was held on 31 May 1913.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text.
Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Three seats were up for election. The Liberal Party was defending three seats. Labor Senators Albert Gardiner, Allan McDougall and Arthur Rae were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Three seats were up for election. The Liberal Party was defending three seats. Labor Senators Thomas Givens, James Stewart and Harry Turley were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The Liberal Party was defending three seats. Labor Senators Robert Guthrie, Gregor McGregor and William Story were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Three seats were up for election. The Liberal Party was defending three seats. Labor Senators James Long, David O'Keefe and Rudolph Ready were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Three seats were up for election. The Liberal Party was defending two seats. The Labor Party was defending one seat. Labor Senators Stephen Barker, Albert Blakey and Edward Findley were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. Labor Senators Richard Buzacott, Hugh de Largie and George Henderson were not up for re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="20230828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230828" title="William Killick">
William Killick

William Killick (May 14, 1855 — April 2, 1938) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Surrey. He was born in Reigate and died in Horley. 
Killick made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1876 season, against Nottinghamshire. Batting in the upper-middle order, he scored a duck in the first innings in which he batted, and three runs in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20230835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230835" title="Viola Grosvenor, Duchess of Westminster">
Viola Grosvenor, Duchess of Westminster

Viola Grosvenor, Duchess of Westminster (10 June 1912 – 3 May 1987), was the wife of Robert Grosvenor, 5th Duke of Westminster.
Born Viola Maud Lyttelton, she was the daughter of Sir John Cavendish Lyttelton, 9th Viscount Cobham and Violet Yolande Leonard and a direct descendant of Henry VII. 
She married Robert Grosvenor, 5th Duke of Westminster, son of Captain Hugh William Grosvenor and Lady Mabel Florence Mary Crichton, on 3 December 1946. The family had a home at Ely Lodge, just west of Enniskillen, County Fermanagh.
As the Hon. Viola Maud Lyttelton she gained the rank of Flying Officer in the service of the Women's Auxiliary Air Force, during the Second World War, where she was mentioned in despatches.
Her marriage to the Duke of Westminster produced three children:
From 1979 until her death in 1987 she was Lord Lieutenant of Fermanagh. She famously ordered workmen to drill holes in the ceiling of Florence Court, the stately home in County Fermanagh, to drain water away during a serious fire which almost destroyed it in 1955. 
The Duchess died in a car accident near Dungannon, County Tyrone on 3 May 1987, aged 74.

</doc>
<doc id="20230873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230873" title="Nick Haywood">
Nick Haywood

Nick Haywood is a prominent Australian jazz double bass player, composer and music educator in Melbourne.
He has worked with many of Australia's best known Australian jazz musicians including Don Burrows, Dale Barlow, Paul Grabowsky, Bernie McGann, and James Morrison, and with many international jazz artists including Nat Adderley, Buddy Greco, Kenny Kirkland, Claire Martin, Jack Parnell, Mark Murphy among many others. He has been featured on over 100 music CDs.
Early life.
Born in 1961, Nick first started playing an electric bass guitar at eight years of age but did not consider undertaking a career as a professional musician. In 1976 he started playing the Double bass. After finishing school he worked in a brewery and a tin mine. 
In his mid 20's he enrolled in a Diploma of Music course at the Victorian College of the Arts and graduated in 1988.
Music career.
In 1999 Nick Haywood was nominated for two ARIA Music Awards: for Best Jazz recording for "Sudden in a Shaft of Sunlight" by Browne-Haywood-Stevens; and Best Adult Contemporary for "Beat Club" by The Black Sorrows.
The Melbourne International Arts Festival has provided several opportunities to showcase Nick Haywood's composing and performing talents. In 2001 he performed with his band "Dodge" in the famous Spiegeltent.
An anniversary concert of John Sangster’s "Lord of the Rings" at the Malvern Town Hall in 2003 also featured Nick Haywood, along with many of the original musicians.
Nick Haywood, along with Eugene Ball and Andrea Keller, were the nucleus to the 11 piece group, the Bennetts Lane Big Band which was formed in 2001 and has performed regularly to 2008. The band has been described by the National Library of Australia as ""Melbourne's premier large contemporary jazz ensemble"" and "" some of Australia's most celebrated improvisers and composers.""
A grant from the Alan C. Rose Memorial Project in 2004 enabled Nick Haywood to study in New York City with world-renowned bassists Gary Peacock and Rufus Reid. Later that year he completed a Master of Music Performance degree at the Victorian College of the Arts.
Nick is also performing and recording with Bennetts Lane Big Band, Deborah Conway, Tony Gould-Robert Burke Quartet, Allan Browne Trio, Joe Camilleri and leading his own trio.
Music Education Career.
Nick Haywood has been a music lecturer in the Performing Arts Department at Northern Melbourne Institute of TAFE (NMIT) since 2001. 
With the establishment of the Bachelor of Australian Popular Music course at NMIT in 2007, Nick became Head of Program/Senior Lecturer in the Department of Music at NMIT. He also teaches privately, and conducts master classes at festivals and institutions around Australia and internationally.
A 2005 agreement between NMIT and the Beijing Midi School of Music, a private music school in Beijing focussing on modern music genres, resulted in Nick establishing a ten week music program and teaching the Advanced Diploma of Music Performance to students in Beijing, as well as the opportunity to perform in various Beijing Jazz clubs. He was one of the prominent performers at the 2005 Beijing Jazz Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20230948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20230948" title="Wakinoda Station">
Wakinoda Station

Lines.
Wakinoda Station is served by the Shinetsu Main Line. A new interchange station called Jōetsumyōkō Station is under construction close-by, and this will replace Wakinoda Station when the Hokuriku Shinkansen opens in March 2015.
Station layout.
The station has a single ground-level island platform serving two tracks.
History.
Wakinoda Station opened on 15 August 1921.
The station is scheduled to close and be replaced by a new interchange station 120 m away called Jōetsumyōkō Station, which will open in March 2015 when the Hokuriku Shinkansen opens for service.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2012, the station was used by an average of 121 passengers daily (boarding passengers only). The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.
External links.
JR East Wakinoda Station 

</doc>
<doc id="20231056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231056" title="...And a Happy New Year">
...And a Happy New Year

...And a Happy New Year is a Christmas EP by the band, The Maine. It was released on December 9, 2008 by Fearless Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20231088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231088" title="Sergey Tarasov (musician)">
Sergey Tarasov (musician)

Sergey Tarasov is a Russian pianist.
He was awarded 2nd prizes at the 1995 Ferruccio Busoni and Arthur Rubinstein competitions before winning the 1996 Sydney International Piano Competition. In 1988 he also won the 7th Prague Spring International Piano Competition. He subsequently obtained the 1998 International Tchaikovsky Competition's 4th prize, and won the 1999 Premio Jaén.

</doc>
<doc id="20231169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231169" title="Metropolitan Area Commuter System">
Metropolitan Area Commuter System

Metropolitan Area Commuter System (MACS) is a public transport agency in Fairbanks North Star Borough, Alaska. The agency provides bus service for much of the urbanized Fairbanks Metropolitan Statistical Area, the northernmost such area in the US. MACS is part of the borough's transportation department.
History.
Prior to the formation of MACS, the public transit needs of Fairbanks were served, if at all, mostly by private operators. The longest-lasting of these was University Bus Lines, operated by Paul Greimann, Sr. University Bus Lines primarily provided service to and from Fairbanks, the University of Alaska campus, and Ladd Air Force Base, now Fort Wainwright.
The Fairbanks North Star Borough began exploring the possibilities of offering public transit during the 1970s, when the population and economy of Fairbanks began exploding in conjunction with the construction of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System. Voters in the City of Fairbanks voted in 1976 to allow operation of transit buses by the FNSB over the streets of Fairbanks. The system began operating the following year.
A 1978 study recommended offering service to the outlying areas of the borough, including Ester, Chena Ridge Road, Farmers Loop Road and Goldstream Road. These routes were implemented briefly during the mid-1980s, when abundant oil revenues to state government were readily available to Alaskan communities. Another route, serving Chena Hot Springs Road, was started by a private contractor and lasted somewhat longer, but still fell to budget cuts along with the aforementioned routes.
Routes.
As with University Bus Lines, the core of MACS service has always been between downtown Fairbanks and the UAF campus. In general, the service has largely focused upon the cities of Fairbanks and North Pole and adjacent urbanized areas.
MACS has six fixed routes identified by color. The red and blue routes provide loop service around urban Fairbanks in opposing directions, while the other routes connect to more outlying destinations. Only the Grey line does not connect to the Transit Center or overlap with other routes, requiring a transfer from either University of Alaska Fairbanks (UAF) or Fred Meyer East to connect to other routes.
Routes should not be confused with the same colored shuttle routes on the UAF campus, where blue and red routes of both systems stop.
Fares.
Tokens are also available from machines located at transfer points and the downtown transit center, costing $5 for five tokens, offering a savings of $0.50 per ride off adult fares.
Rides are offered free to University of Alaska Fairbanks faculty, staff and students with a PolarExpress student ID card.
Van Tran.
While all MACS vehicles are wheelchair accessible, the transit system also operates van service for patrons unable to use the standard bus services. Vans provide door to door service. In accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, service is prioritized by one's ADA status, not necessarily by need.
In 2011, an effort was initiated to privatize Van Tran. Spearheaded by conservative FNSB Assembly members Natalie Howard and Michael Dukes, the system's approximately $76 (US) per-ride cost was cited as justification. In the end, the system was left intact during budget deliberations, though this is expected to become a political issue in Fairbanks in the coming years.

</doc>
<doc id="20231180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231180" title="Percival Healing">
Percival Healing

Percival Healing (July 16, 1878 — February 1, 1915) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Gloucestershire. He was born in Tewkesbury and died in Marylebone.
Healing made a single first-class appearance, during the 1911 season, against the touring Indians. Batting in the lower order, he scored 30 runs in the first innings in which he batted, and 8 runs in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20231284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231284" title="She Used to Wanna Be a Ballerina">
She Used to Wanna Be a Ballerina

She Used to Wanna Be a Ballerina was the seventh album by Buffy Sainte-Marie, released in 1971.
Her previous album "Illuminations" having sold so poorly as to lose Vanguard a considerable sum of money, the label placed considerable pressure on Sainte-Marie to come up with something that would sell in larger numbers. To this effect, "She Used to Wanna Be a Ballerina" was recorded with guitar from Ry Cooder and Neil Young and assistance from the latter's backing band Crazy Horse. There was also a change in focus of the material: covers of contemporary songs, which she had almost never recorded before, accounted for five of the eleven songs. Vanguard boss Maynard Solomon, who had produced her first five albums and most of "Illuminations", surrendered production duties completely to Neil Young producer Jack Nitzsche, who was later to marry Sainte-Marie after she wrote "Up Where We Belong" with him in the early 1980s.
This label-driven effort to achieve increased commercial success did briefly pay off when "Soldier Blue", the theme song from the movie of the same name reached number 7 in the UK Singles Chart and was a hit throughout Europe. It failed to chart in the States, however, and the album barely dented the "Billboard" Top 200, which served to strain the relationship between Sainte-Marie and Vanguard and paved the way for their split in 1973 after "Quiet Places".
Track listing.
All songs composed by Buffy Sainte-Marie unless otherwise indicated.
Charts.
Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="20231286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231286" title="John H. Kelly">
John H. Kelly

John Herbert Kelly (March 31, 1840 – September 4, 1864) was, at the time of his promotion, the youngest brigadier general in the Confederate States Army. He became one of the youngest generals to die during the American Civil War, at the age of 24. His death occurred during the Franklin-Nashville Campaign.
Early life and career.
John Herbert Kelly was born in 1840 to Isham Kelly and Elizabeth Herbert at their home in Carrollton, Alabama. Kelly's father died while in Cuba when John was four, and his mother died three years later. His grandmother Harriet Herbert Hawthorne took responsibility of the young orphan. When John was about seventeen he received an appointment to West Point through the help of his uncle, Congressman Philemon T. Herbert and another relative Congressman William W. Boyce. A few months before his graduation in 1861 his home state of Alabama seceded from the Union. Hearing the news Kelly left West Point and headed to Montgomery.
Civil War service.
After arriving in Montgomery Kelly joined the Confederate Army with the rank of second lieutenant. He then was assigned to Fort Morgan where he would stay until the fall of 1861. During that time Kelly left Fort Morgan with Brig. Gen. William J. Hardee to Missouri. It was here that he was appointed captain and assistant adjutant general on Hardee's staff. In 1862 Kelly was appointed major of the 9th Arkansas Infantry Battalion, which he led into battle at Shiloh. One month later Kelly became colonel of the 8th Arkansas Infantry Regiment. 
Later in 1862 he fought at the Battle of Murfreesboro where he was wounded. In October of that year he fought at the Battle of Perryville. Kelly commanded a large brigade of men at Chickamauga consisting of the 5th Kentucky, 58th North Carolina, 63rd Virginia, and the 65th Georgia Infantry Regiments. He lost 300 men at Chickamauga within the one hour. Also during the battle while leading his troops Kelly had a horse shot out from under him.
Because of his bravery at the Battle of Chickamauga generals Cleburne, Liddell, and Preston asked for a promotion for Kelly. General Cleburne told Confederate Secretary of War James Seddon of Kelly, "I know no better officer of his grade in the service." On November 16, 1863, John Kelly was promoted to a brigadier general at age 23. Kelly's brigade was one of the key factors at the Battle of Pickett's Mill that lead to the Confederate victory.
Capture and death.
In August 1864 Kelly's Brigade fought heavily in Franklin, Tennessee. While leading a charge at a skirmish near Franklin on August 20, Kelly was shot in the chest by a Union sharpshooter. Kelly was immediately taken to the Harrison House to be seen by doctors. At the Confederate retreat he was too badly hurt to be moved and was forced to be left and captured by Union forces on September 3. Kelly died the following day in his bed at the Harrison House. 
John Herbert Kelly was one of the youngest generals to die during the Civil War at age 24.
He was buried in the gardens of the Harrison House just south of Franklin on the day of his death. Local residents bought him a coffin and the new clothing he was buried in, except for the uniform coat which he died wearing. Later in 1866 his body was moved and reburied in the Magnolia Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20231305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231305" title="Ponta dos Rosais">
Ponta dos Rosais

Ponta dos Rosais is a point located about north of Rosais in the island of São Jorge in the Azores.
The promontory features a great countryside. It has a cliff of 200 m above the Atlantic and divides the north and south. The ocean partially offers a view of the island of Faial and Pico with a 15 km distance. The rest of the sea stretches the horizontal line. The localportion includes the geologic formation with the Baixa da Ponta dos Rosais. The local part includes the extent of the land that localizes the Ilhéu dos Rosais and the lighthouse.
This nature reserve strethces the coastal embankment and makes into two different areas, first being the Ponta dos Rosais zone properly to the right, makes up an embankment with a mixture of pyroclasts with a treacherous trail, with a lot of alternative routes through caves and abundant of the seashore. The second area stretches to Urzelina, and makes up a rocky embankment of 200 m above sea level, and features a seashore. The area protects mainly on a lower part of the coastline including the shores, the cliffs with vegetation mainly on Macaronesian origin and habitat that are endemic.
These Maraconesian animal lives in vast rocky areas around the cliff and the rocky islets, the other areas are mainly for the view point of agriculture.
The local area with the surroundings are mainly used for agriculture. Tourists visit the area, the area is particularly important for sea birds, that includes a second great concentration of birds in the Azores. For many important thing is the nature conservation that surpasses the recommended boundaries between the regional protection, even in ornithology. The main birds are "Calonectris diomedea" and "Puffinus assimilis".
Conservation.
The local conservation is relatively on predators without natural without facing a lot of presence of ladn predators that introduced cats, dogs and rats to the island and probably limits the number of large sea birds including those of the procelariformae, mostly small and more vulnerable.
The invasion of exotic plants including "Arundo donaz" creates a loss of habitat on the procelariformes.

</doc>
<doc id="20231309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231309" title="James Stewart (Australian politician)">
James Stewart (Australian politician)

James Charles Stewart (7 September 1850 – 19 December 1931) was a Scottish-born Australian politician. Born in Grantown-on-Spey, Morayshire, he received a primary education after which he worked as a farm and railway worker. In 1888 he migrated to Australia, where he became involved in the unions movement. He edited the "People's Newspaper" in Rockhampton in Queensland, and sat on Rockhampton Council. In 1896, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for North Rockhampton. In 1901, he left the Assembly to successfully contest the Australian Senate as a Labour candidate for Queensland. He remained in the Senate until his defeat in 1917. Stewart died in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="20231327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231327" title="Filmarchiv Austria">
Filmarchiv Austria

The Filmarchiv Austria ("Austrian Film Archive") is an organisation for the discovery, reconstruction and preservation of Austrian film record material: films themselves, literature about film and cinema, or film-related periodicals. With over 100,000 film titles, 2,000,000 photographs and stills, 25,000 cinema programmes, 10,000 film posters, 30,000 books, and an extensive collection of apparatus, documents and costumes, it is the largest such organisation in Austria.
Research is always in progress on particular topics in order to enlarge the film content, covering all genres from advertising footage to experimental projects to light entertainment films. Of all the existing Austrian productions in the world from before 1945, over 95% are kept in the Filmarchiv Austria.
The Filmarchiv Austria is a member of FIAF (the International Federation of Film Archives).
History.
The present Filmarchiv Austria was founded on 17 October 1955, as the Österreichische Filmarchiv (ÖFA) ("Austrian Film Archive").
The first reconstruction of film material by the ÖFA, in 1961, was the 1926 film version of "Der Rosenkavalier". Other major reconstruction projects have included the first Austrian feature film productions, those of Saturn-Film; the oldest extant Austrian drama film, "Der Müller und sein Kind" of 1911; and the classics "Orlacs Hände" ("The Hands of Orlac") and "Die Sklavenkönigin" ("The Slave Queen" or "The Moon of Israel"), which without this work would have remained inaccessible to the viewing public.
The Filmarchiv Austria, together with "Der Standard", is also responsible for the selection and production of "Der österreichische Film", an authoritative DVD series of significant Austrian films, consisting so far of 50 parts. 
In 1965 a systematic programme began of conversion of film prints on the highly unstable cellulose nitrate base, which remained in commercial use into the 1950s, to security film. 
In 1968 new premises were found in the Rauhensteingasse in central Vienna, while new storage and exhibition facilities were established in the "Altes Schloss" ("Old Castle"), Laxenburg. In 1997 the "Österreichische Filmarchiv" changed its name to Filmarchiv Austria, and established new central facilities at the "Audiovisuelles Zentrum Wien-Augarten".
In 2001 the "Filmarchiv-Studienzentrum" was opened in the Augarten premises, incorporating the "Filmdokumentationszentrum", formerly the largest private collection of film-related material in Austria, founded in 1965 by Herbert Holba and the film historian Peter Spiegel, on the basis of an earlier collection begin in 1945.
Collections.
The collections of the Filmarchiv Austria comprehensively document Austrian cultural and social history. The oldest titles preserved are the sequences of Vienna taken by the Lumière Brothers in 1896. The oldest preserved native Austrian film is the documentary "Der Kaiserbesuch in Braunau/Inn" ("Visit of the Kaiser to Braunau am Inn") from 1903, shot by Johann Bläser, proprietor of a travelling film show, while the earliest extant Austrian feature films are the erotic productions of Saturn-Film from 1906 onwards.
Some of the more important collections include:

</doc>
<doc id="20231330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231330" title="Vicki Mackenzie">
Vicki Mackenzie

Vicki Mackenzie (born 1947), an author and journalist, was born in England and spent much of her early life in Australia. The daughter of a naval officer, she graduated from Queensland University and became a reporter at the "Sun" newspaper in Sydney. 
Later she moved on to London where she worked as a features writer on the "Daily Sketch" and the "Daily Mail". She went on to write for the "Sunday Times", "The Observer", the "Daily Telegraph", the "Sunday Telegraph", the "Daily Express", the "Mail on Sunday" and many national magazines.
Since taking a month-long meditation course in Nepal in 1976, her primary interest has been to make the profundity of Buddhist philosophy accessible to the general public. Her books on Buddhism and reincarnation include:
She was interviewed by the Radio National program "The Spirit of Things" in 2002 about her book, "Why Buddhism? Westerners in Search of Wisdom". Her book ""Cave in the Snow: A Woman's Quest for Enlightenment" was reviewed in Minneapolis City Pages.

</doc>
<doc id="20231337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231337" title="Matt Jaukovic">
Matt Jaukovic

Matija "Matt" Jaukovic (born 17 November 1985) is a swimmer and former World Record Holder in the 50 m Butterfly (Short Course). 
He was born in Montenegro before moving to Australia to study law and taking out Australian citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="20231365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231365" title="JChemPaint">
JChemPaint

JChemPaint is an editor and viewer for chemical structures in 2D.
It is free and open source software, written in Java and so it runs on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux and Unix systems. There is a standalone application (editor), and two varieties of applet (editor and viewer) that can be integrated into web pages.
JChemPaint was initiated by Christoph Steinbeck and is currently being developed as part of The Chemistry Development Kit, and a Standard Widget Toolkit-based JChemPaint application is being developed, as part of Bioclipse.

</doc>
<doc id="20231422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231422" title="John Ferguson (Australian politician)">
John Ferguson (Australian politician)

John Ferguson (15 March 1830 – 30 March 1906) was a Scottish-born Australian politician. Born in Kenmore, Perthshire, he received a primary education before becoming a carpenter. He migrated to Australia in 1855, becoming a goldminer and carpenter, and then a builder and contractor at Rockhampton in Queensland. He was also a company director. He served on Rockhampton Council, including a period as mayor in 1880. In 1881 he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Rockhampton, holding the seat until 1888. In 1894 he was appointed to the Queensland Legislative Council. He successfully contested the Australian Senate in the 1901 federal election for the Free Trade Party, but did not resign his seat in the Legislative Council. (Holding seats in both state and federal legislatures simultaneously was not yet forbidden by the Australian Constitution.) Ferguson's interest remained in state politics and he seldom attended the Senate, leading to his seat being declared vacant on 6 October 1903, shortly before the 1903 federal election, which Ferguson did not contest. He continued in the Legislative Council until his death in 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="20231471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231471" title="Giuseppe Cremonini">
Giuseppe Cremonini

Giuseppe Cremonini (25 November 1866 – 9 May 1903) was an Italian operatic tenor who had a prominent opera career in Europe and the United States during the last decade of the nineteenth century.
Cremonini was born and died in Cremona, Italy. Admired for his full lyric voice, he sang a wide repertoire that encompassed the bel canto works of Donizetti and Rossini, the Italian grand opera of Verdi, the verisimo operas of Mascagni, the French operas of Gounod and Massenet, and the German operas of Richard Wagner. He sang in several world premieres during his career, including creating the role of Chevalier des Grieux in the original 1893 production of Puccini's "Manon Lescaut". An immensely popular singer, Cremonini's career was cut short upon his sudden death in 1903 at the age of 36.
Biography.
Cremonini was born into an impoverished family with the name Giuseppe Bianchi. He studied under a teacher with the surname of Cima. Taking on the name Giuseppe Cremonini, he made his professional opera debut in 1889 at the Teatro Politeama in Genoa as Carlo in Donizetti's "Linda di Chamounix". The following year he performed the role of Wilhelm Meister in Ambroise Thomas's "Mignon" at both the Teatro Filodrammatico in Milan and the Teatro Coccia in Novara. In 1891 he sang the role of Turiddu in Mascagni's "Cavalleria rusticana" opposite the famous primadonna Hariclea Darclée as Santuzza at the Romanian National Opera. That same year he had an enormous successes as the title hero in Mascagni's "L'amico Fritz" at the opera's premieres in Mantua, Faenza and Palermo. In 1892 he made his Covent Garden debut as Nadir in Bizet's "Les pêcheurs de perles" and sang the role of Alfredo in Verdi's "La traviata" with the company.
On 1 February 1893, Cremonini created the role of Chevalier des Grieux in the world premiere of Puccini's "Manon Lescaut" at the Teatro Regio di Torino. It was the first time of many that he would sing opposite Cesira Ferrani, who originated the role of Manon. In 1894 Cremonini and Ferrani reprised their roles at "Manon Lescaut"'s La Scala premiere and sang opposite each other in the world premiere of Alberto Franchetti's "Il fior d'Alpe" as Paolo and Maria.
In addition to "Manon Lescaut", Cremonini also appeared in operas at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires, Teatro Costanzi in Rome, and at the Teatro Real in Madrid in 1893 and 1894. His performances included such roles as Turiddu, the Assad in Karl Goldmark's "Die Königin von Saba", and the title role in Wagner's "Lohengrin" among others. He also sang the title role in the world premiere of Pietro Vallini's "Il Voto" at the Teatro Costanzi in 1894.
In 1895 Cremonini sang in numerous roles with Opéra de Monte-Carlo including Turiddu, Amico Fritz, Enzo in "La Gioconda", Count Almaviva in "The Barber of Seville", and Arturo in "I puritani". In 1896 he sang several roles at Covent Garden including Turiddu, Don Ottavio in "Don Giovanni", Lyonel in "Martha", Gennaro in "Lucrezia Borgia", Edgardo in "Lucia di Lammermoor", the Duke of Mantua in "Rigoletto", and Faust in "Mefistofele". The following year he made his debut at the Berlin State Opera as Don Ottavio. Between 1895 and 1897, he also sang the role of Fernando in Donizetti's "La favorita" in numerous opera houses throughout Europe.
Cremonini joined the roster of the Metropolitan Opera in 1900 where he sang roles with the company for two seasons. He made his American debut with the company as Cavaradossi in the American premiere of Puccini's "Tosca". He later reprised this role in "Tosca"'s premieres in Boston and Chicago. Cremononini's other roles at the Met included Alfredo, Lohengrin, Nadir, Rodolfo in "La Bohème", Fenton in "Falstaff", Faust in "Mefistofele", and the title role in Gounod's "Faust" among others.
In 1902 he returned to Italy where he sang Edgardo in "Lucia di Lammermoor", Jean Gaussin in "Sapho", and the role of Stolzing in the "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg". His last performance, as Le Chevalier des Grieux in Massenet's "Manon" in his home city of Cremona, was just a few days before his sudden death in 1903.
Recordings.
Cremonini's voice is sometimes said to have been recorded in 1900/1 Mapleson Cylinder in recordings of duets from "Tosca". However, the Mapleson recordings of Tosca are from 1902 and 1903 (when Cremonini was long gone from the Metropolitan, indeed dead by 1903). The existing recordings (from 1902/1903) are still, however, with soprano Milka Ternina or Emma Eames; but Ternina's tenor partner in 1902 (and Eames' in 1903) was in fact Di Marchi. The earlier performances with Cremonini were not recorded by Mapleson.
Cremonini, unlike other important tenors at the time (such as De Lucia, Caruso, Tamagno, et al.) did not record commercially (if at all) in 1902/03. He is therefore, along with Di Marchi, one of the greatest "losses" of the dawn of "serious" sound recording.

</doc>
<doc id="20231524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231524" title="Dance and Drama Awards">
Dance and Drama Awards

Overview.
Dance and Drama Awards are offered to selected students, who are commencing training at the 21 specialist vocational schools chosen for the scheme. Through a process of auditions, the awarding school will identify the most talented students and allocate awards appropriately. The offer of an award is not based on the student's ability to finance their own training, but on their talent and potential ability in the fields of professional dance, drama, musical theatre or stage management. The award pays a substantial contribution towards the cost of attending the relevant course and in many cases, also includes a means tested maintenance grant, which can be used towards the student's contribution to the course fees, or the cost of accommodation and other expenses associated with attending full time training.
Courses.
The courses for which the awards are given are specially devised by Trinity College, London and, upon completion, provide a professional level qualification at either Level 5 or Level 6 on the National Qualifications Framework. Completion of one of these courses gives formal accreditation of the skills, knowledge and understanding that are acquired in training for employment as a professional actor, dancer, performing artist or in production roles supporting performance.
This series of qualifications are not intended to demonstrate academic achievement, but are vocational qualifications designed to prepare the student for a professional career in the performing arts industry, with the learning outcome being to achieve a high level of ability in the relevant skill rather than a high level of knowledge. This is represented by the fact that despite the courses being offered as post-16 further education, the qualifications are actually rated at graduate level.
Courses which are eligible for funding:
National Qualifications Framework - Level 5
National Qualifications Framework - Level 6
Schools.
All the schools which participate in the Dance & Drama Awards scheme are validated by Trinity College and are inspected for educational standards by OFSTED. They are chosen for their ability to provide the highest standard of training to the most talented students. They are some of the top performing arts training establishments in the UK. Graduate destinations include employment in West End theatre and with some of the most prestigious acting and dance companies world wide. 
Schools validated to provide the qualifications are:
Eligibility.
There are no prerequisites for receiving a Dance and Drama Award. They are awarded based solely on talent and ability, therefore they are not subject to means testing of the student's financial status. The only restriction on who is eligible to receive an award is that recipients must be between the ages of 16 and 23 and must have been resident in the United Kingdom or the European Union for a minimum of 3 years prior to the commencement of the course.

</doc>
<doc id="20231549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231549" title="Rob Kurz">
Rob Kurz

Robert Karl Kurz (March 5, 1985) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Mad-Croc Fuenlabrada of the Spanish league.
High school.
Kurz transferred to Penn Charter following two years at Germantown Academy. In his junior year at Penn Charter, Kurz averaged 18.0 points and 12.0 rebounds per game. As a senior, he averaged 18.5 points and 12.0 rebounds per game. 
College career.
Freshman season.
In his freshman season at the University of Notre Dame, Kurz appeared in fourteen games and averaged 1.4 points and 1.1 rebounds per game. He recorded career-bests of 11 points and 7 rebounds in a National Invitation Tournament first-round loss to Holy Cross.
Sophomore season.
In his sophomore season, Kurz averaged 6.4 points and 5.1 rebounds per game, appearing in all thirty games. Kurz was named to the Big East Weekly Honor Roll on November 21 after recording 18 points in Notre Dame's season opener. 
Junior season.
Kurz was one of the three captains for Notre Dame his junior season. He averaged 12.6 points and 8.0 rebounds per game during the season. On December 4, 2006 Kurz was named to the Big East Weekly Honor Roll for the second time in his career after averaging 19.6 points and 7.7 rebounds per game in wins over Lehigh, Winston-Salem, and Maryland.
Senior season.
Kurz served as a team captain for the second consecutive season, and was also the only senior on Notre Dame's roster. He started in all thirty-three games and averaged 12.8 points and 7.1 rebounds per game. Kurz led Notre Dame with 48 blocks, finishing with 122 blocked shots in his career, which ranks sixth all-time for Notre Dame. On December 31, 2007 he was named to the Big East Weekly Honor Roll for the third time in his career.
Professional career.
Kurz played with the Golden State Warriors in the NBA Summer League prior to the 2008-09 NBA season. In 11 games, Kurz averaged 7.1 points and 4.5 rebounds per game. He also played four games with the Warriors at the Rocky Mountain Revue, where he averaged 12.5 points and 6.8 rebounds per game. On September 9, 2008 Kurz signed a contract with the Warriors. On April 11, 2009, Kurz tallied a career-high 21 points against the Utah Jazz. 
Kurz agreed to a non-guaranteed contract with the Cleveland Cavaliers on August 15, 2009. On October 19, 2009, Kurz was waived by the Cavaliers. He played in five games during the preseason, averaging 3.4 points and 2.0 rebounds in 9.8 minutes per game.
From 2009-2010 Kurz played 39 games for the Fort Wayne Mad Ants of the NBA D-League, averaging 17.5 ppg and 10.1 rpg.
Kurz was signed by the Chicago Bulls on April 9, 2010, but never played for the team and was waived on June 30, 2010.
In August 2010 he signed with Spanish club CB Granada.
In January 2011, he signed with German club Artland Dragons. He returned to Spain in July 2011 by signing with CB Murcia for one season.
In February 2012 he signed with the French club SLUC Nancy.
Prior to the 2012–13 NBA season, Kurz agreed to play with the Sacramento Kings in the NBA Summer League. In September 2012, Kurz and Micah Downs joined the Boston Celtics as training camp invitees, but neither player made the team's final roster.
In December 2012 he signed with Mad-Croc Fuenlabrada.

</doc>
<doc id="20231560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231560" title="San Ignacio Cohuirimpo">
San Ignacio Cohuirimpo

San Ignacio Cohuirimpo is a small town and "comisaría" in the Navojoa municipality, in the Mexican state of Sonora. It is the most important "comisaría" in Navojoa City and the biggest, too. San Ignacio was one of the main areas where the "Mayos", the indigenous people of Navojoa, could be found. At present, it can be considered a part of the metropolitan area, as it has grown urbanely thanks to the work of the municipal government of Navojoa.
Transportation.
The main avenues connecting Navojoa and San Ignacio Cohuirimpo are Morelos and Mariano Jimenez, which become Emiliano Zapata Street on San Ignacio Cohuirimpo. Centenario Boulevard is a fast way to get to the town from center and northern Navojoa. The urban public transport routes of Navojoa, named SUBA, don't enter San Ignacio Cohuirimpo. The closest of them all is the 7th route, which leads to Navojoa's Periférico around San Ignacio. Also, it has its own two bus routes.
Highways.
Navojoa's Periférico (semi-beltway) can be accessed via Morelos or Jimenez Avenue. It connects with Mexican Federal Highway 15.
Also, there are several state routes that run to surrounding towns.

</doc>
<doc id="20231561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231561" title="Thomas Glassey">
Thomas Glassey

Thomas Glassey (26 February 1844 – 28 September 1936) was an Irish-born Australian politician. Born in Markethill, County Armagh, he received no formal education, working as a mill-worker and miner in Scotland and England. He migreated to Australia around 1885, when he became a miner at Bundamba, and was Secretary of the Bundamba Miners Association. He was a founding member of the Australian Labor Party in Queensland, and was the first Labor member of any Australian parliament when he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland in 1889 as the member for Bundamba. Defeated in 1893, he was subsequently member for Burke from 1894 to 1896 and Bundaberg from 1896 to 1900. He left the Labor Party in 1899 over the party's socialist objective. In 1901, he was elected to the Australian Senate for Queensland, unofficially as a Protectionist (though there was no protectionist organisation in Queensland at the time). In 1903, the National Liberal Union endorsed non-Labor candidates, and Glassey, as a Deakinite, did not receive endorsement. He contested the Senate as an independent protectionist and received 25.6% of the vote, but was not elected. Glassey died in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="20231562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231562" title="Gerald Celente">
Gerald Celente

Gerald Celente (born November 29, 1946) is an American trend forecaster, publisher of the "Trends Journal", business consultant and author who makes predictions about the global financial markets and other events of historical importance. Celente has described himself as a "political atheist" and "citizen of the world". He has appeared as a guest on media outlets such as "The Oprah Winfrey Show", "The Today Show", "Good Morning America", "CBS Morning News", "The Glenn Beck Show", "NBC Nightly News", "The Alex Jones Show", "Coast to Coast AM" and "Russia Today"."
Background.
Celente was born in The Bronx, New York City, New York. He had early political experience running a mayoral campaign in Yonkers, New York and served as executive assistant to the secretary of the New York State Senate. From 1973 to 1979 Celente traveled between Chicago and Washington D.C. as a government affairs specialist. In 1980 Celente founded The Trends Research Institute (at first called the Socio-Economic Research Institute of America), now located in Kingston, New York, publisher of the "Trends Journal" which forecasts and analyzes business, socioeconomic, political, and other trends.
Forecasting.
His forecasts since 1993 have included predictions about terrorism, economic collapses and war. More recent forecasts involve fascism in the United States, food riots and tax revolts. Celente has long predicted global anti-Americanism, a failing economy and immigration woes in the U.S. In December 2007 Celente wrote, "Failing banks, busted brokerages, toppled corporate giants, bankrupt cities, states in default, foreign creditors cashing out of US securities ... whatever the spark, the stage is set for panic in the streets" and "Just as the Twin Towers collapsed from the top down, so too will the U.S. economy ... when the giant firms fall, they’ll crush the man on the street." He has also predicted tax revolts. In November 2008 Celente appeared on Fox Business Network and predicted economic depression, tax rebellions and food riots in the United States by 2012. Celente also predicted an "economic 9/11" and a "panic of 2008."
In 2009 Celente predicted turmoil which he described as "Obamageddon", and he was a popular guest on conservative cable-TV shows such as "Fox News Sunday" and Glenn Beck's television program. In April 2009 Celente wrote, "Wall Street controls our financial lives; the media manipulates our minds. These systems cannot be changed from within. There is no alternative. Without a revolution, these institutions will bankrupt the country, keep fighting failed wars, start new ones, and hold us in perpetual intellectual subjugation." He appeared on the "Glenn Beck" show and criticized the U.S. stimulus plan of 2009, calling government controlled capitalism "fascism" and saying shopping malls in the U.S. would become "ghost malls." Celente has said, "smaller communities, the smaller groups, the smaller states, the more self-sustaining communities, will 'weather the crisis in style' as big cities and hypertrophic suburbias descend into misery and conflict," and forecasts "a downsizing of America."
Hugo Lindgren and ABC News have labelled Celente's predictions "pessimism porn" for their doom and the alleged eschatological thrill some people receive from imagining his predictions of the collapse of civil society in the wake of a global economic crisis.
Revolution in the USA.
On Russia Today, he predicted that the USA would face a revolution.
Neosurvivalism.
Celente's website has stated that:
Predictions.
2009.
"The Crash of '09 was as dramatic as the crash of '29. The New Depression had begun." (Trends Journal, Summer 2008, pg. 12)
2010.
Some areas of the U.S. are experiencing resurgences in real estate values due to highly localized factors, and some investors profit from this. However, the rises will almost all stop and reverse with time, and the overall national trend in real estate values is downward. (T.J. Summer 08, pg. 8)
Ghost malls have become a common sight across America. Especially hard-hit are big chain stores (Sears, Home Depot, etc.). (T.J. Summer 08, pg. 8)
2011.
Developers have begun rehabbing some of the ghost malls for more productive uses. (T.J. Summer 08, pg. 9)
2012.
The economic policies of the U.S. government over the past few years have failed to fix America's fundamental problems and have merely papered over them and in fact made them worse. By 2012, the "American Empire" is collapsing. In the U.S., basic staple goods like quality food and water are too expensive for most people to afford,(T.J. Summer 08, pg. 1) and "food riots" happen across the country (T.J. Summer 09, pg.1). Major American cities look like disaster zones, and mass homelessness exists across the country. Crime is rampant, with much of it being directed at the rich. (T.J. Summer 08, pg. 1) Kidnappings and ransomings of rich people are on the rise. Average people fed up with big government, high taxes and out-of-control spending join tax revolts. (T.J. Summer 09, pg. 1) The world is also experiencing major environmental problems and "the blackest of plagues." The global financial system has also "melted down" and the situation is very bad outside the U.S.(T.J. Summer 08, pg. 1) The advanced industrial economies collapse first, and their sagging consumer spending drags down the export-based economies of emerging economies next.(T.J. Summer 09, pg. 2) The economy is as bad as it was during the Great Depression in many ways. In spite of all this, the U.S. government, power elites, and mainstream media continue to insist that the fundamentals of the world economy are sound, and that official policies can lead to a recovery. A growing number of average people, however, doubt this. (T.J. Summer 08, pg. 1)
While the Mayan and Hopi prophecies of global destruction do not come to pass, 2012 is indeed a watershed year that sees the death of an ailing and unsustainable global economic system and lifestyle and its replacement with something better. (T.J. Summer 08, pg. 2)
By 2012, Obama is viewed by most as a stale president who sold himself as a fresh, visionary candidate in 2008 and instead proved to be a servant of the big corporations and the military-industrial complex like his predecessors.(T.J. Summer 09, pg. 5) His economic policies only delayed disaster and in fact have made the situation worse: Expansionary monetary policy and the various government bailouts and stimulus programs create a "Bailout Bubble" that invariably bursts in a cataclysm for the U.S. and world economy.(T.J. Summer 09, pg. 11) Obama blames other factors for this and might have even tried to start a war by 2012 to distract attention from the domestic misery.(T.J. Summer 09, pg. 12) Obama's foreign policy has also failed to accomplish anything significant on the world stage, and Pakistan is a mess and the Afghan war continues to drag on without hope of conclusion.(T.J. Summer 09, pg. 12)
In the 2012 U.S. elections, online news sites, bloggers and independent journalists wield as much influence on voters as mainstream media outlets (TV, cable, magazines, newspapers) for the first time. This breaks the corporate and moneyed stranglehold on American politics and allows a third party to attain nation-level recognition. (T.J. Summer 08, pg. 5)
Broad future trends.
Americans will adapt to lower standards of living and will travel less, both on a daily basis and for vacations. Higher fuel costs, advances in telecommuting and an aging American population will push many more people to work from home or close to home. Walking-distance communities will be constructed and will become popular. (T.J. Summer 08, pg. 7)
Geographically isolated resort destinations like Las Vegas will wither due to higher fuel costs, lower American incomes and increased overseas competition while vacation spots closer to population centers will revive. (T.J. Summer 08, pg. 9)
Government-run lotteries, on the other hand, will thrive. (T.J. Summer 08, pg. 9)
In America and to a lesser extent overseas, consumer spending habits will be motivated out of fear and escapism. Businesses that capitalize upon this will succeed. (T.J. Summer 09, pg. 24)

</doc>
<doc id="20231579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231579" title="Vesiolie Rebiata">
Vesiolie Rebiata

Vesiolie Rebiata (, which means ""jolly fellows"") is a Soviet VIA band formed in 1966, in Moscow. It became one of the most successful and best known VIA bands of all time. Its debut album sold 15,795,000 copies and its membership included at various times such popular Soviet era singers as Alla Pugachova, Alexander Gradsky, and Alexander Barykin. As of 2006, the band had sold a record-shattering 179,850,000 records.
History.
Vesiolie Rebiata was a VIA band created in 1966 by the Soviet pianist and composer Pavel Slobodkin. Two years later, the band won the All-Soviet competition for best youthful song performance and in 1969, they won the All-Soviet competition for best song.
In 1970, the Soviet recording monopolist Melodia (Melody) released the band's first record, which sold a remarkable 15,795,000 copies. Hits from this initial record included "People meet" (), "You don't care" (), "With each other's hand" (), "Portrait by Picasso" (), "How beautiful is this world" (), "Song, my song" ().
In 1971, Vesiolie Rebiata gave a series of concerts in Czechoslovakia, performing in the concert hall Lucerne in Prague.
In 1973, the band recorded one of the best known albums, "Love - a huge country" (). In 1974, Slobodkin invited a young female vocalist named Alla Pugacheva to perform with the band. In 1975, Pugacheva won the Golden Orpheus award in Bulgaria with the song Arlekino that launched her now legendary music career in the Soviet Union. In 1976, the band toured East Germany, Czechoslovakia, and Bulgaria and won a number of musical awards in those countries.
In 1980, the band released a new LP titled "We should be friends" () and took part in the cultural component of the 1980 Olympic Games in Moscow. Veselie Rebiata followed this up in 1981 with another LP, this one titled "Disco club" (). That same year, they won the top prize at the All-Soviet pop and rock music festival held in Yerevan.
In 1983, the band recorded a new album titled "Banana islands" (). In 1985, they won the grand prize at an international music competition in Bratislava for the song "Wandering artists" (). The same year, the band did an international tour, performing in Finland, East Germany, Hungary, and Cuba. In 1986, they recorded their sixth album, titled "Just a minute" (). From 1986 until 1992, Veselie Rebiata was repeatedly nominated to the "Song of the year" () Soviet festival. In 1991, the band released a double album of best hits to celebrate its 25th anniversary.
In 2005, the band is reconstituted with new membership and in 2006 they are given the "Platinum record #1" award for setting the record in Russia and Eastern Europe for most records sold at 179,850,000. In 2007, the band released two CDs: "Love - child of the planet" () and "When we are quiet together" (). In 2008, they took part in the international music festival Diskoteka 80s, sponsored by the Russian radio station Avtoradio.
In 2011, the band released a new album with the French title "Cherche la..." and once again performed at the now annual "Diskoteka 80s" festival. In 2012, the band released its ninth album titled "Write me a letter" ().

</doc>
<doc id="20231594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231594" title="Daniel Damásio Ascensão Filipe">
Daniel Damásio Ascensão Filipe

Daniel Damásio Ascensão Filipe (1925 in Boa Vista Island, Cape Verde - 1964) was a Cape Verdean poet and journalist.
He studied at lyceums in Portugal and later as a co-director in the work "Notícias do Bloqueio" ("Bloc News"), collaborated with the review and realized by the Emissora National on the literary program "Távola Redonda" ("Voice of the Emperor".
Bibliography.
Daniel Felipe becgan a literary activity in 1946 with "Missiva", then "Marinheiro em Terra" ("The Fishermen on Land") (1949), "O Viageiro Solitário" (1951), "Recado para a Amiga Distante" (1956), "A Ilha e a Solidão" (1957) that was awarded the Prémio Camilo Pessanha (Camilo Pessanha Award), the novel "O Manuscrito na Garrafa" (1960), "A Invenção do Amor" ("The Invention of Love") (1961) and "Pátria, Lugar de Exílio" (1963).

</doc>
<doc id="20231627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231627" title="Pablo Fernando Hernández">
Pablo Fernando Hernández

Pablo Fernando Hernández Roetti (born 5 May 1975 in Montevideo) is a retired Uruguayan association footballer.
He was signed for Venezia on 22 July 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20231648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231648" title="Scientific Protein Laboratories">
Scientific Protein Laboratories

Scientific Protein Laboratories is a Waunakee, Wisconsin scientific company established in 1976 by Oscar Meyer. 
History.
In 2004 SPL was acquired by Arsenal Capital Partners for $81 million, today. The company harvests heparin from pig's intestines in the usa and Canada and Changzhou City, China and supplies the crude heparin to Baxter Travenoland many other pharmaceutical companies world wide. The company was a victim along with all other pharmaceutical companies in the 2008 Chinese heparin adulteration.

</doc>
<doc id="20231656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231656" title="The Smoke House">
The Smoke House

The Smoke House is a UK TV show that uses drastic effects to help the parents of 6 British kids to kick the habit of smoking.
International Distribution.
In New Zealand, the series is on TV2 on Sundays, 3:55pm.
The Show is 30 min long on CBBC the time in New Zealand. The show was first shown in the uk on CBBC.

</doc>
<doc id="20231686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231686" title="Harry Turley">
Harry Turley

Joseph Henry Lewis "Harry" Turley (24 April 1859 – 5 June 1929) was an English-born Australian politician.
Biography.
Born in Gloucestershire, he was educated in England, after which he became a sailor. Having migrated to Australia in 1887, he became a waterside worker in Brisbane, and was President of the Wharf Laborers' Union. In 1893, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Labor member for South Brisbane, serving as Home Secretary in Anderson Dawson's short-lived Labor Government in 1899. In 1902 he left the Assembly, and in 1903 was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Queensland. 
On 1 July 1910, he was appointed President of the Senate, a position he held until 8 July 1913. He remained a Senator until his defeat in 1917, after which he became a shipping master with the Queensland Harbours and Rivers Department. Turley died in 1929 and was buried in South Brisbane Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20231702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231702" title="Verticordia pritzelii">
Verticordia pritzelii

Verticordia pritzelii is a woody shrub found in Western Australia. It is sometimes referred to as Pritzel's featherflower. 
It has rounded groups of red, pink or purple flowers that appear between November (or October) and January. The species is found in yellow or white to grey, sand, on undulating plains in the Southwest and Eremaean regions of the state, especially arid inland regions. It has also been found nearer the coast at Indarra springs east of Geraldton. The habit is low-growing and compact, 0.1–0.9 metres in height and 0.15–0.45 metres in width, and may have one or several basal stems. It does not possess a lignotuber. 
The deep colouration of the flowers and its compact habit distinguish the species from other members of "Verticordia" sect. "Catoclypta".
It was first described by Ludwig Diels in 1905; the specific epithet is named for his colleague Ernst Pritzel. The original type specimen was collected by Pritzel in 1901, at Coolgardie, during his visit with the author. This appears to have been lost when the Berlin Herbarium was bombed in World War II.
Earlier collections were made in the late 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20231732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231732" title="Alexander Gavrylyuk">
Alexander Gavrylyuk

Alexander Gavrylyuk (born in Kharkiv, 1984) is a Ukrainian pianist, and a naturalised Australian citizen. He won the 1999 Vladimir Horowitz Competition, the 2000 Hamamatsu Competition and, most notably, the 2005 Arthur Rubinstein Competition.
Selected performance venues - Great Hall of the Moscow Conservatory, Moscow Kremlin, Sydney City Recital Hall, Sydney Opera House, Suntory Hall, Amsterdam, Great Hall of the Concertgebouw, Chautauqua Institution.
He has recorded Sergei Prokofiev's five Piano Concertos with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra under Vladimir Ashkenazy.

</doc>
<doc id="20231748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231748" title="Rowland Needham">
Rowland Needham

Rowland Needham (November 10, 1878 — April 28, 1963) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and left-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Leicestershire. He was born in Huncote and died in Victoria Park.
Needham made a single first-class appearance, during the 1911 season, against the touring Indians. He scored 15 not out in the first innings in which he batted, and 16 runs in the second innings, having switched from the tailend to the opening order.
Needham took two wickets with the ball during the match.

</doc>
<doc id="20231776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231776" title="Kuehneotherium">
Kuehneotherium

Kuehneotherium is an early mammal-like 'symmetrodont' genus. Fossils have been found in Greenland, France and Luxembourg. It is known only from an upper molar as well as nine additional teeth and four dentary fragments. It was first formally described by Doris Mary Kermack, Kenneth A. Kermack and Frances Mussett.

</doc>
<doc id="20231800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231800" title="Black Fury (novel)">
Black Fury (novel)

Black Fury is an historical novel by the American writer and judge Michael Musmanno. The novel was developed from his script for the 1935 film of the same name, "Black Fury". 
The concept for "Black Fury" was adapted from the short story "Jan Volkanik" by Musmanno and the play "Bohunk" by Harry R. Irving, based on an actual 1929 incident in which John Barkoski, a striking coal miner, was beaten to death by company detectives.
Set in the Western Pennsylvania coal fields outside of Pittsburgh, the novel is the story of Jan Volkanik, a miner who agitates for recognition of the United Mine Workers of America.

</doc>
<doc id="20231834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231834" title="Francesco Migliore">
Francesco Migliore

Francesco Bob Rose Migliore (born April 17, 1988 in Arezzo) is an Italian football player currently playing for Spezia Calcio.
Football career.
Migliore began his career in Cavaglià before moving to France to play for French champions Olympique Lyonnais. He primarily played on Lyon's CFA. Following the 07-08 season, he went on trial with Mons and was eventually signed.

</doc>
<doc id="20231848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231848" title="Thomas Givens">
Thomas Givens

Thomas Givens (26 February 1864 – 19 June 1928) was an Irish-born Australian politician. Born in County Tipperary, he received a primary education before migrating to Australia in 1882. He became a bush worker and miner in Queensland, and was secretary of the Queensland Miners' Union, as well as proprietor of the "Cairns Daily Times". In 1899, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Labor member for Cairns, a position he held until 1902. In 1903, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Queensland Labor Senator.
On 9 July 1913, he was elected President of the Senate, succeeding his Labor colleague Harry Turley. He left the Labor Party in the wake of the 1916 split over conscription and joined the new Nationalist Party, keeping his position as President of the Senate. On 30 June 1926, he was succeeded as President by John Newlands. His 13 years as President make him the second longest serving President after Alister McMullin. Givens died in 1928 while still a Senator; the Queensland Parliament appointed Labor member John MacDonald as his replacement.

</doc>
<doc id="20231888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231888" title="Army Public Schools &amp; Colleges System">
Army Public Schools &amp; Colleges System

Army Public Schools & Colleges System (or APSACS) is an educational institution with branches located in the four provinces of Pakistan. There are a total of 146 branches in the whole country
Curriculum.
The curriculum includes:
Education.
Army Public Schools and Colleges (APSACS) are semi-private institutions, affiliated with the Federal Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Islamabad. Considered to be English Medium Schools, the bulk of the curriculum is taught in English. However, as the national language of Pakistan is Urdu and the country's laws are based on Islamic beliefs, Urdu literature and grammar, Islamic Studies and are part of the school's system.
Some of the College branches provide prep courses for Military Academy entrance exams.
Three programs of studies are provided by the college in intermediate.
Regions.
There are warm and south regions in Pakistan . They are sub-divided into 11 regions.

</doc>
<doc id="20231895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231895" title="Escape from New York (soundtrack)">
Escape from New York (soundtrack)

Escape from New York is a soundtrack album composed and performed by John Carpenter, featuring the score to the 1981 film, "Escape from New York". It was released in the same year through Milan Records (on vinyl) and later reissued through Varèse Sarabande (on CD); a remastered and remixed edition was reissued in 2000 through Silva Screen Records, containing an extra fifteen tracks not included on the original version (eight of them being short extracts of dialogue from the film), as well as expanded liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20231918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231918" title="Thomas Chataway">
Thomas Chataway

Thomas Drinkwater Chataway (6 April 1864 – 5 March 1925) was an English-born Australian politician. Born in Sussex, he was educated at Charterhouse School before migrating to Australia in 1881, where he became a grazier and mill-owner in New South Wales and then Queensland. He was a leader among Queensland cane growers, sitting on Mackay Council and serving as mayor in 1904. In 1906 he was elected to the Australian Senate as an Anti-Socialist Senator for Queensland. He joined the Commonwealth Liberal Party when it formed in 1909. Chataway was defeated in 1913, after which he became a journalist in Melbourne. He died in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="20231924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231924" title="AFL Game Day">
AFL Game Day

AFL Game Day is an Australian television program broadcast on the Seven Network in Victoria, South Australia, Western Australia and Tasmania and on 7mate in all other states. In Victoria, South Australia, Western Australia and Tasmania it airs following "Weekend Sunrise".
The program focuses on the current issues in the Australian Football League. It first aired on 16 March 2008 and airs at 10am on Sundays throughout the AFL season.
The weekly program is hosted by Hamish McLachlan and has regular guests such as "Herald Sun" journalist Jon Anderson and former players Tom Harley, Leigh Matthews, Matthew Richardson, David Schwarz or Tim Watson. A current player or coach also appears each week. For the 2012 AFL season, Mark Robinson has been replaced by fellow "Herald Sun" journalist Jon Anderson and sports physician Peter Larkins has joined the team to provide the latest injury updates. The program has been extended to 90 minutes, finishing at 11:30am. This means the last half-hour goes head to head with Channel Nine's "The Sunday Footy Show". It is followed by "Footy Flashbacks" which is also being extended to 90 minutes, from 11:30am to 1:00pm. Sports news updates are presented by Erin Ivancic.
During the 2010 AFL finals series, the program was also broadcast on Thursday nights at 7:30 pm.
A special Saturday morning edition aired on Grand Final day 2012 and 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20231959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231959" title="The Waiting Room (TV series)">
The Waiting Room (TV series)

The Waiting Room is an Australian observational documentary series that began airing on the Nine Network on 4 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20231975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231975" title="Boller">
Boller

Boller may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20231994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20231994" title="Colin McGarry">
Colin McGarry

Colin McGarry (born 22 July 1965) is a Northern Irish darts player who currently plays in Professional Darts Corporation events. He has two daughters named Kiera and Chloe.
McGarry qualified for the 2004 PDC World Darts Championship where he beat Roy Orvis 3-0 and Mark Holden 3-0 to reach the third round, losing 4-0 to Phil Taylor. Despite his good showing in Purfleet, McGarry failed to maintain his performances, failing to qualify for the 2006 World Matchplay and the 2006 and 2007 World Championship.
McGarry caused a real surprise in the Grand Slam of Darts Wildcard Qualifier where he reached the final, beating Mark Dudbridge and Jamie Caven along the way, but lost in the final to Wes Newton. The result meant McGarry took one of the reserved spots for the event and eventually earned qualification. He was drawn into Group C with Mervyn King, Dutch wonderkid Michael van Gerwen and BDO World Champion Mark Webster. McGarry went on to score a big upset win over Webster in a final leg decider in his opening group game. However, defeats to King and van Gerwen meant that the Ulsterman would be eliminated in the group stages.
McGarry qualified for the 2014 PDC World Darts Championship by winning the 2013 Irish Matchplay, defeating Connie Finnan six legs to four. He lost to Per Laursen 4–2 in the preliminary round.

</doc>
<doc id="20232006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232006" title="Suwannee River Stakes">
Suwannee River Stakes

The Suwannee River Stakes is a Thoroughbred horse race run at Gulfstream Park located in Hallandale Beach, Florida. Open to fillies and mares four-year-olds and up, the Grade III event is set at a distance of 9 furlongs or one and one eighth mile on the turf. Named after the wild Blackwater river running from Georgia through Florida to empty into the Gulf of Mexico, the Suwannee River currently offers a purse of $150,000. 
The race itself was for Stephen Foster's song "Old Folks at Home" (known better by the name "Suwannee River"). It is now the state of Florida's state song. The race was inaugurated in 1947. It was held as an overnight handicap between 1948 and 1950–1952. The race was not held in 1949. It was given grade-three status from 1973-1978 and again from 1982-present. The race had been run at six furlongs, seven furlongs, one mile, one and one sixteenth miles and its current distance of one and one eighth miles. The race itself has been so popular among trainers that the race has been run in two divisions many years and in three divisions in three separate years.
Records.
Speed record: 
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Most wins by an owner:
Winners of the Suwannee River Handicap since 1947.
A # designates that the race was run in multiple divisions that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20232015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232015" title="Kamikazee (album)">
Kamikazee (album)

Kamikazee, the debut album from the Filipino rock band, Kamikazee. It has 10 tracks and released under Warner Music in 2002. This was their only album released under Warner Music.

</doc>
<doc id="20232017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232017" title="Robert Sayers">
Robert Sayers

Robert John Sayers (27 January 1845 – 12 May 1919) was an English-born Australian politician. Born on the Isle of Wight, he was educated in England before migrating to Australia in 1863. He was a goldminer in New South Wales and then Queensland, and became a mine owner in Charters Towers. In 1888, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for Charters Towers, serving until 1893. In 1906, he was elected to the Australian Senate as an Anti-Socialist Senator for Queensland, joining the Commonwealth Liberal Party in 1909. He was defeated in 1913. Sayers died in 1919 and was buried in Brisbane's Toowong Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20232024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232024" title="Shinta Fukushima">
Shinta Fukushima


</doc>
<doc id="20232059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232059" title="Battle of Battle Hill">
Battle of Battle Hill

The Battle Hill engagement took place between 6–13 August 1846, during the New Zealand land wars and was one of the last engagements of the Hutt Valley Campaign.
The engagement was between Ngāti Toa, and a colonial force of European troops, police, and Ngāti Awa allies. The colonial force commanded by Major Last was seeking to end resistance to European settlement in the Hutt Valley region. It was pursuing over 300 Ngāti Toa, including women and children, led by Te Rangihaeata.
Action.
The battle took place over several days in early August 1846, on a forest ridge around north of Pauatahanui; three government soldiers and at least nine Ngāti Toa were killed. On the Government side was Rawiri Puaha and 100 Ngati Toa warriors, as well as 150 Ngati Awa "friendlies".
On 6 August, the colonial force encountered Te Rangihaeata defending a breastwork at the crest of the narrow forest ridge. Elements of the colonial force advanced to within of the fortification, but pulled back to around after losing three men, including acting-brigade-major Ensign Blackburn, who was killed by a Ngāti Toa fighter concealed in a tree. Last was unwilling to launch a suicidal frontal assault, terrain and vegetation prevented a flanking manoeuvre. Over the next several hours, the colonials unleased a musket barrage of thousands of rounds, but with little effect. On 8 August, Last had two small mortars brought up to about three-quarters of a mile from the defenders. They fired around 80 shells, many landing in or near the fortification. Disinclined to attack, and vulnerable to counter-attack, Last withdrew the regular troops on 10 August, leaving Ngāti Awa troops to launch an occasional skirmish.
On 13 August, Ngāti Awa discovered Te Rangihaeata had slipped away under cover of rain and darkness. They set off northwards in pursuit. The final skirmish occurred on the seaward side of the Pouawha Range, inland of Wainui. Ngāti Awa lost three men, in return killing four Ngāti Toa, before Te Rangihaeata made good his escape.
Legacy.
The engagement pushed Te Rangihaeata out of the area and was one of the last fought between Maori and early colonial forces in the region. The site of the battle has been preserved as a recreational area named Battle Hill Farm Forest Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20232068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232068" title="Māori and conservation">
Māori and conservation

The Māori people had a changing conservation ethic from the time of their discovery and settlement of New Zealand until the present day.
Māori settlement.
The Māori were the first humans to settle in New Zealand and brought the kurī and the kiore, a Polynesian dog and rat. The kiore, along with mammals introduced later by Europeans, would cause a major significant adverse impact on indigenous species. One of the greatest negative ecological impacts of the early Māori people was the wholesale burning of forests, for the purpose of hunting and killing birds. Greater than the bird population decimations was the deforestation of vast tracts of land; approximately half of the native forests of New Zealand were lost within several hundreds of years following initial Māori settlement from the combination of wood harvesting and forest burning.
Rāhui is a form of protection of natural resources that Maori implemented as a conservation measure as well as other reasons.
European colonisation.
Part of what is now Tongariro National Park was gifted to The Crown by the Maori chief Te Heuheu Tukino IV to ensure its protection.
Contemporary viewpoints.
A Cultural Health Index for waterways has been developed that links Western science and the cultural knowledge from Māori about stream health.

</doc>
<doc id="20232071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232071" title="Navy Divers">
Navy Divers

Navy Divers is a four-episode Australian observational documentary series that debuted on the ABC1 on 28 October 2008. The program follows 27 men training to enter the clearance diver branch of the Royal Australian Navy, into which only 14 will be accepted.

</doc>
<doc id="20232088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232088" title="Oribe Niikawa">
Oribe Niikawa

Career statistics.
Last update: 13 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20232092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232092" title="Anthony St Ledger">
Anthony St Ledger

Anthony James Joseph St Ledger (18 February 1859 – 17 April 1929) was an English-born Australian politician. Born in Lancashire, he migrated to Australia as a child and was educated at St Killan College in Ipswich, Queensland. He became a teacher with the Queensland Education Department, but studied law, eventually becoming a barrister. In 1906, he was elected to the Australian Senate as an Anti-Socialist Senator for Queensland, joining the Commonwealth Liberal Party when the Anti-Socialists were absorbed in 1909. He remained in the Senate until his defeat in 1913. Leaving politics, he moved to Melbourne to continue his career in law. St Ledger died in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="20232106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232106" title="Lossémy Karaboué">
Lossémy Karaboué

Lossémy Karaboué (born 18 March 1988 in Paris) is a French footballer currently playing for French side Nancy . He is originally from Burkina Faso.
Club career.
Karaboué began his career in the youth academy of Olympique Lyonnais. He primarily played with Lyon's CFA squad. After the 2007-08 season, he moved to the Ardennes-based side CS Sedan. He made his professional football debut on August 29, 2008 in a Ligue 2 match against En Avant Guingamp coming on as a substitute playing 35 minutes. The match ended in a 1-1 draw. He went on to start the following five matches before being relegated back to the bench as an occasional sub.

</doc>
<doc id="20232147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232147" title="Maharot">
Maharot

Maharot, the second over-all album from the Filipino rock band, Kamikazee. It has 15 tracks and released and also 1st album under Universal Records in 2006.
Track listing.
SpongeJoseph SquarePants: parody for the soundtrack of Nickelodeon show Spongebob Squarepants

</doc>
<doc id="20232157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232157" title="Toru Hasegawa">
Toru Hasegawa


</doc>
<doc id="20232179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232179" title="Isokaze-class destroyer">
Isokaze-class destroyer

The was a class of four destroyers of the Imperial Japanese Navy.
Background.
The "Isokaze"-class destroyers were designed as part of the first phase of the "Hachi-hachi Kantai" program of the Imperial Japanese Navy. With the commissioning of the new high speed battleships and , escort vessels with equally high speed and blue ocean capabilities were required.
Four vessels were built, with the order split between Kure Naval Arsenal, Kawasaki Shipyards in Kobe and Mitsubishi Shipyards in Nagasaki.
Design.
The "Isokaze"-class ships were a slightly larger and updated version of the previous . Externally, the design went to a three smokestack profile, with a curved, rather than straight bow. 
Internally, the engines were replaced with heavy fuel oil-fired steam turbine engines. Two vessels ("Amatsukaze" and "Tokitsukaze") used Brown-Curtis turbine engines, and the other two ("Isokaze", "Hamakaze") used Parsons turbine engines. Advances in turbine design and construction permitted more reliable operation than previously with the "Umikaze". The rated power of gave the vessels a high speed of , and a range of at ; however, the engines could not be run continuously at over , which still considerably limited performance.
Armament was increased over the previous classes, with four QF 4.7 inch Gun Mk I - IV, pedestal-mounted along the centerline of the vessel, two in front of the smokestacks and two to the stern. The number of torpedoes was increased to three launchers, each with a pair of 533 mm torpedoes. Anti-aircraft protection was provided by four machine guns.
Operational history.
The "Isokaze"-class destroyers were completed in time to serve in the very final stages of World War I. "Tokitsukaze" broke in two and sank off of Miyazaki Prefecture, Kyūshū in 1918. It was raised and repaired at the Maizuru Naval Arsenal, and although re-commissioned as a first class destroyer, was used thereafter as a training vessel at the Imperial Japanese Navy Academy at Etajima.
All "Isokaze"-class ships were retired on April 1, 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="20232180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232180" title="Carlos Richard Díaz">
Carlos Richard Díaz

Carlos Ríchard Díaz (born 4 February 1979 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer. He currently plays for Racing Club de Montevideo in the Primera División Uruguaya.
He is the two times FIFA U-20 World Cup player.

</doc>
<doc id="20232183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232183" title="Myles Ferricks">
Myles Ferricks

Myles Aloysius Ferricks (12 November 1875 – 21 August 1932) was an Australian politician. Born in Maryborough, Queensland, he was educated there at Christian Brothers School before becoming a bush worker, teacher and journalist, and editor of the "Bowen Independent". In 1909, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Labor member for Bowen, serving until 1911. In 1913 he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Queensland. He remained in the Senate until his defeat in 1919, taking effect in 1920. In 1920, he returned to the Queensland Legislative Assembly as the member for South Brisbane, serving until 1929. Ferricks died in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="20232206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232206" title="Triple Zero Heroes">
Triple Zero Heroes

Triple Zero Heroes is an Australian observational documentary series that airs on the Seven Network. It is an original production by FremantleMedia Australia.
Overview.
Through interviews, dramatisations and the original 000 emergency call recordings, the series reconstructs emergencies where people have relied on the service to save loved ones from misadventure, serious injury and death.
In February 2009, police in New South Wales claimed that a 10-year-old boy saved his sister from drowning using CPR skills he learned from watching the first episode of the show.
Weekly ratings.
The ratings for the series are in the table below (The viewers are in millions).

</doc>
<doc id="20232239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232239" title="Beaufort Broncos">
Beaufort Broncos

The Beaufort (SC) Broncos are a minor-league American football team playing in the North South American Football League (NSAFL.) They were founded by Christoper R. Gorski in January 2006 and started playing in July of the same year. The Broncos went 4-6 in their first season of play. In 2007 under the direction of Coach Marion Smalls and Coach David Condrey they went 6-4 and were the Carolina Division Champions. They were eliminated in the playoffs. In 2008 the Broncos went 9-1 and clinched a first round playoff bye week .The team allowed only 58 points while scoring 241 in the regular season and posted 7 shutouts for the year. In the Semi-Finals the Broncos defeated the Carolina Predators 30-6 to earn a spot in the NAFL division 2 championship game. The Broncos defeated the Port City Chargers 8-0 to win the NAFL 2 National Championship. The Broncos have signed Defensive Coach Justin Aiken and veteran Quarterbacks Coach Larry Beckish for the 2009 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20232285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232285" title="J. Aponso">
J. Aponso

J. Aponso was a Sri Lankan cricketer. He was a right-handed batmsan and a right-arm bowler who played for Nomads.
Aponso made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1994/95 Saravanamuttu Trophy season, against Moratuwa. Aponso took a single wicket during the match, that of Ajith Wasantha.

</doc>
<doc id="20232296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232296" title="Amit Varma (actor)">
Amit Varma (actor)

Amit Varma (born 6 October 1983) is an Indian Television actor, best known for his role as Vishwamitra (aka Vish) Kelkar on the hit television show Hotel Kingston on Star One (Life Ok). He has played the role of a protagonist on four television shows and a Film(Detective Nani. He has also acted as an antagonist in the film Kismat Konnection opposite Vidya Balan. 
Early life.
Amit was born and brought up in Mumbai. He attended Don Bosco School in Matunga and HMPS later in his school-life when he moved to Andheri.
He has earned a B.A. degree from Mithibai College in Mumbai
Career.
Amit started his career as a stage actor. He participated in famous shows like "Tash ke Patte" directed by Kader Khan. Later he decided to move on to modeling and Birla gave him his first break. After doing few more ads like Lifebuoy, VIP, Airtel, Close up, etc., he got his first break on television in the famous comic show "Khichdi" on Star One for the character of Raju. It wasn't until few more years, however, that he got fully noticed, and finally was able to bag the role of Vish in Hotel Kingston, his first television show as a lead actor. This show not only brought him fame but it also created a "chocolate-boy image" of him, which is being associated with him till date. The talented actor made his debut in Tinsel town in 2008 with the movie "Kismat Konnection" produced by Aziz Mirza, also starring Bollywood star cast Shahid Kapoor, Vidya Balan, and Juhi Chawla.
He was last seen in a Telefilm with Star Plus Teri Meri Love Stories in 2012 where he played a Geek for PLaytime Creations (Paresh Rawal)
Filmography.
Television
Films
Episodics
Music videos

</doc>
<doc id="20232321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232321" title="William Ryott Maughan">
William Ryott Maughan

William John Ryott Maughan (8 January 1863 – 10 April 1933) was an English-born Australian politician. Born in London, he was educated at Leeds Grammar School before migrating to Australia in 1884, where he became a public servant and journalist, at one point sitting on Toowong Council. In 1898 he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Labor member for Burnett. He was defeated in 1899, but returned to the Assembly as the member for Ipswich in 1904, serving until 1912. In 1913 he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Queensland, remaining in the Senate until his defeat in 1919, taking effect in 1920. Maughan died in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="20232343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232343" title="Ashley Argota">
Ashley Argota

Ashley Spencer Argota (born January 9, 1993) is a Filipino-American actress, singer, and student. She is best known for role as Lulu in the Nickelodeon sitcom "True Jackson, VP". She also co-starred as Kelly Peckinpaw in "Bucket & Skinner's Epic Adventures" on Nickelodeon.
Life and career.
Argota was born in Redlands, California and her background is Filipino, her parents and family being from the Philippines. She began her professional career as contestant on the Arsenio Hall-hosted "Star Search" on CBS in 2003. She began acting at the age of 14. In 2007, she starred in an independent film titled "Schooled". She also appeared in a Nickelodeon celebrity-episode of the series "BrainSurge" during which she lost during a Sudden Death round to Jerry Trainor. She appeared again in 2011 with other various Nickelodeon celebrities and won. Argota confirmed on July 5, 2012 that Nickelodeon has cancelled "Bucket & Skinner's Epic Adventures". It is unknown if the remaining episodes will be shown, however all episodes were broadcast in other countries. On December 22, 2012 TeenNick aired the previous never before seen in the US, Christmas episode. Starting March 27, 2013, the previous 7 never before aired in the US episodes aired on TeenNick in the US.
As a singer, Argota has released two independent albums "Dreams Come True" (2006) and "Ashley" (2008).
Argota is currently attending New York University, majoring in nursing.
In December of 2013, Ashley starred in the show Aladdin and His Winter Wish at the Pasadena Playhouse. She plays the princess or Jasmine. The show has received mainly positive feedback. This same month, she was nominated for the Libby Award by Peta2 for her work with adoption practices. 

</doc>
<doc id="20232392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232392" title="Matt Shively">
Matt Shively

Matthew James "Matt" Shively, Jr. (born September 15, 1990) is an American actor best known for his role as Ryan Laserbeam on the Nickelodeon television series "True Jackson, VP". Beginning in June 2011, he began appearing in the Nickelodeon series "The Troop" as Kirby.
Early life.
Shively was born in Hanford, California. He became interested in acting in the fourth grade after seeing Shia LaBeouf on the television program "Even Stevens", and LaBeouf remains his inspiration for acting. He has been a long-time fan of the Canadian television show "". He also had a band with his good friend Sterling Knight named "Connecting Channels".
Career.
Shively has had only a few roles. He had a minor part in the 2007 film "Rattle Basket," and another small part on an episode of "Zoey 101". He auditioned several times for the part of Ryan on "True Jackson, VP", and was told he didn't get it. He was called back two weeks later, tested for the role, and won the part. The show received positive reviews. He voiced Crowned Prince Sky on "Winx Club" and in two movies based on the series: ' and '. Shively joined the cast of the "The Troop" in its second (and final) season as the character Kirby Bancroft-Cadworth III.
Shively's film career began in 2011, when he was cast in a minor role in the horror comedy "April Apocalypse". Shively played one of the leads in the horror film "Paranormal Activity 4". The film was released October 18, 2012. Justin Lowe, writing for the "Associated Press", called Shively "likable enough", while generally panning the film. Rafer Guzman of "Newsday" agreed. Andy Webster of the "New York Times" found Shively's performance "delightful" and generally praised the picture. Shively co-starred in the Nickelodeon comedy "Noobz", which was released in theaters in late January 2013. He played one of four geeky friends who attempt to win a video gaming contest.
In 2014 he plays the role of Oliver in the TV Show Teen Wolf (2011 TV series)

</doc>
<doc id="20232410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232410" title="Wataru Inoue (footballer)">
Wataru Inoue (footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="20232433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232433" title="John Mullan (Australian politician)">
John Mullan (Australian politician)

John Mullan (8 September 1871 – 1 October 1941) was an Irish-born Australian politician. Born in Dublin, where he was educated, he migrated to Australia in 1889, becoming a clerk, railway worker and miner. He was an organiser of the Charters Towers Miners' Union and the Australian Workers' Union. In 1908 he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Labor member for Charters Towers, where he remained until 1912. In 1913 he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Queensland. He remained in the Senate until his defeat in 1917, after which he returned to the Queensland Legislative Assembly as the member for Flinders in 1918. He served as Attorney-General 1920-1929. In 1932, he changed seats, moving to Carpentaria, and resumed his position as Attorney-General, which he retained until 1940. Mullan died in 1941 and was buried in Toowong Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20232481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232481" title="Tony Knowles Coastal Trail">
Tony Knowles Coastal Trail

The Tony Knowles Coastal Trail is an long trail along the coast of Anchorage, Alaska designated for non-motorized use. The trail runs from Second Avenue in downtown Anchorage and finishes in Kincaid Park. The trail is entirely paved and supports two-way traffic. Point Woronzof Park borders the coastal trail to the east for about a mile, starting at about mile 5.0. In the summer the trail is used extensively by walkers, runners, rollerbladers, and cyclists. In the winter the trail is used primarily for cross country skiing and also skijoring. The trail is a portion of the annual Tour of Anchorage cross country ski marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="20232504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232504" title="Heráclides César de Souza Araújo">
Heráclides César de Souza Araújo

Heráclides César de Souza Araújo (1886–1962) was a Brazilian scientist known for his research into the control and treatment of leprosy. He served on the World Health Organization (WHO) Expert Panel on Leprosy and on the council of the International Leprosy Association, and received national honours in recognition of his work. 
Souza Araújo was born in the state of Paraná, Brazil, in 1886. He graduated from the Escola de Farmácia de Ouro Preto in Minas Gerais and enrolled immediately at the Faculdade de Medicina de Rio de Janeiro, finishing there in 1915. While still a student, he also completed the Curso de Applicação offered by the Instituto Oswaldo Cruz (IOC) in 1913. He received his doctorate from IOC, with his thesis entitled "Estudo sobre o granuloma venéreo". His training concluded with the courses in Public Health at Johns Hopkins University in the USA in 1926, and in Dermatology at the London School of Dermatology between 1930 and 1931.
After graduation Souza Araújo remained affiliated with the Instituto Oswaldo Cruz and began to concentrate on the area of leprology. During the 1920s he served as head of the Rural Sanitary Service of Pará, opening the Lazarópolis do Prata leprosarium on June 24, 1924. He later wrote a monograph on this leprosarium.
As a researcher at IOC he published around 210 scientific works and headed the Leprology Laboratory from 1927 to 1956. He also edited the journal "Memórias do Instituto Oswaldo Cruz" during the same period. He was head of the Bacteriology Section and of the Division of Microbiology and Immunology from 1946 to 1956, and professor of the application course from 1928 to 1956.
As an internationally renowned researcher Souza Araújo had an important role in the creation of the International Society of Leprology, holding the post of vice-president from 1932 to 1956.
He dedicated himself to research into the control and treatment of leprosy, and played an important role both as a formulator of policy and as a critic of the policies and public initiatives in the field. He visited the main institutions involved in the study of and fight against the disease, both in Brazil and abroad. He was nominated Knight-Commander of the Military and Hospital Order of St. Lazarus of Jerusalem in 1936 and was a member of the WHO Expert Panel on Leprosy.
Despite retiring in 1956, Souza Araújo continued working at the IOC until his death in 1962. In 1960 the Brazilian government awarded him the Order of Medical Merit in recognition of his outstanding work. He was a Councillor of the International Leprosy Association and patron of the Center for the Study of Leprosy of the University of Parana, to which he donated his personal collection of books on leprosy.

</doc>
<doc id="20232512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232512" title="Masaya Sato">
Masaya Sato

Club Team Career Statistics.
"(Correct as of 5 December 2013)"

</doc>
<doc id="20232514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232514" title="Ray, Indiana and Michigan">
Ray, Indiana and Michigan

Ray is an unincorporated community in both Steuben County, Indiana and Branch County, Michigan in the United States. Located along the local "State Line Road," the small community straddles the border between the two states. The Indiana Northeastern Railroad travels southwest-northeast through Ray. Its elevation is 1,079 feet (329 m).
Indiana.
The Indiana half of Ray lies in northeastern Fremont Township in the northeastern part of Steuben County. Surrounding towns include Clear Lake to the southeast and Fremont to the southwest. The former Cedar Lake, now a marshy area, lies southwest of Ray and east of Fremont. The residents of Ray in both Indiana and Michigan, have no post office of their own; they are served by the Fremont, IN 46737 post office in Indiana and the Montgomery, MI 49285 post office in Michigan.
Michigan.
The Michigan half of Ray lies at the intersection of Delmar Road with State Line Road in the far southeastern corner of Branch County, on the southern edge of California Township. Nearby surrounding communities include California directly to the north; Quincy almost directly to the north; Montgomery to the east-northeast; and Coldwater (the county seat) to the northwest. A post office is located on the Michigan half of Ray, with the ZIP code of 48096. The ZCTA for ZIP code 48096, which includes nearly all of California Township, had a population of 3,904 at the 2000 census.

</doc>
<doc id="20232527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232527" title="Darin Young">
Darin Young

Darin Young (born 2 February 1973) is an American darts player. His nickname is Big Daddy.
Career.
Young made his PDC World Darts Championship debut in 2005 where he lost in the first round to fellow left-hander Josephus Schenk. He returned a year later but lost again in the first round, this time losing 3-0 to Mark Dudbridge. 
Young has appeared in five successive Las Vegas Desert Classics, reaching the second round in four of them. In 2004, he beat Lionel Sams in the first round before losing to Wayne Mardle. In 2005, he defeated Andy Hamilton in round one, but lost in the second round to Canadian John Part. 2006 saw a first round exit for Young in the Desert Classic, losing to Raymond van Barneveld, who was making his debut in the event. In 2007, Young defeated another Desert Classic debutant Tony Eccles in round one, but lost to Dennis Smith 8-7 in the second round. In the 2008 Desert Classic, Young defeated qualifier Martin Burchell in the first round before losing to Adrian Gray in the second round.
On the eve of the 2008 US Open, Young claimed the biggest win of his career, winning the North American Darts Championship, earning him $15,000. His performances made him the top ranked player in the North American Order of Merit, earning him a spot in the 2008 Grand Slam of Darts. He was drawn in Group F with Terry Jenkins, Colin Lloyd and Wildcard qualifier Wes Newton. Young won his opening group game against Jenkins, coming from 3-0 down to win 5-4. He lost his next group game to Newton but then defeated Lloyd to advance to the second round where he lost to van Barneveld.
Young qualified for the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship as the number one player in the American order of merit. He lost in the first round to Dutch teenager Michael van Gerwen. In the 2009 Grand Slam of Darts, Young again advanced from his group but again lost in the second round, in a last leg decider to Robert Thornton.
At the 2010 PDC World Darts Championship, Young defeated Andy Smith 3-2 in the first round, before losing in the second round 4-0 to Terry Jenkins. Young was then a finalist in the 2010 North American Dart Championship, beating 1994 World Matchplay Darts champion Larry Butler before losing to former three-time world champion John Part in the final.
He topped the North American order of merit once more to reach the 2011 World Championship, but was whitewashed 0-3 to Wes Newton.
Despite winning the first set in the 2012 World Championship first round against Colin Lloyd, Young would go on to lose the match 1-3. He then represented the United States with Gary Mawson in the 2012 PDC World Cup of Darts and reached the quarter-finals, where they were defeated by England 1–3, having beaten Germany in the second round. he qualified for the 2013 PDC World Championship where he was involved in a tight game with Colin Lloyd in the first round. Young took the first set and also led 2–1, but was eventually edged out in a deciding set by six legs to four.
Young played in his third World Cup of Darts and first with Larry Butler in February 2013, but they finished bottom of Group F after losing 4–5 to Finland and 3–5 to Germany. He won two events on the North American Pro Tour during the year and finished runner-up in two others to top the Order of Merit. This earned Young a first round spot in the 2014 PDC World Championship where he suffered a nightmare on doubles against Mervyn King as he could only hit one out of twenty to lose 3–0.

</doc>
<doc id="20232529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232529" title="Davenport–Schinzel sequence">
Davenport–Schinzel sequence

In combinatorics, a Davenport–Schinzel sequence is a sequence of symbols in which the number of times any two symbols may appear in alternation is limited. The maximum possible length of a Davenport–Schinzel sequence is bounded by the number of its distinct symbols multiplied by a small but nonconstant factor that depends on the number of alternations that are allowed. Davenport–Schinzel sequences were first defined in 1965 by Harold Davenport and Andrzej Schinzel to analyze linear differential equations. Following these sequences and their length bounds have also become a standard tool in discrete geometry and in the analysis of geometric algorithms.
Definition.
A finite sequence "U" = "u"1, "u"2, "u"3, is said to be a Davenport–Schinzel sequence of order "s" if it satisfies the following two properties:
For instance, the sequence
is a Davenport–Schinzel sequence of order 3: it contains alternating subsequences of length four, such as ...1, ... 2, ... 1, ... 2, ... (which appears in four different ways as a subsequence of the whole sequence) but it does not contain any alternating subsequences of length five.
If a Davenport–Schinzel sequence of order "s" includes "n" distinct values, it is called an ("n","s") Davenport–Schinzel sequence, or a "DS"("n","s")-sequence.
Length bounds.
The complexity of "DS"("n","s")-sequence has been analyzed asymptotically in the limit as "n" goes to infinity, with the assumption that "s" is a fixed constant, and nearly tight bounds are known for all "s". Let λ"s"("n") denote the length of the longest "DS"("n","s")-sequence. The best bounds known on λ"s" involve the inverse Ackermann function
where "A" is the Ackermann function. Due to the very rapid growth of the Ackermann function, its inverse α grows very slowly, and is at most four for problems of any practical size.
Using big O and big Θ notation, the following bounds are known:
However, this bound is not known to be tight.
The value of λ"s"("n") is also known when "s" is variable but "n" is a small constant:
Application to lower envelopes.
The "lower envelope" of a set of functions ƒ"i"("x") of a real variable "x" is the function given by their pointwise minimum:
Suppose that these functions are particularly well behaved: they are all continuous, and any two of them are equal on at most "s" values. With these assumptions, the real line can be partitioned into finitely many intervals within which one function has values smaller than all of the other functions. The sequence of these intervals, labeled by the minimizing function within each interval, forms a Davenport–Schinzel sequence of order "s". Thus, any upper bound on the complexity of a Davenport–Schinzel sequence of this order also bounds the number of intervals in this representation of the lower envelope.
In the original application of Davenport and Schinzel, the functions under consideration were a set of different solutions to the same homogeneous linear differential equation of order "s". Any two distinct solutions can have at most "s" values in common, so the lower envelope of a set of "n" distinct solutions forms a "DS"("n","s")-sequence.
The same concept of a lower envelope can also be applied to functions that are only piecewise continuous or that are defined only over intervals of the real line; however, in this case, the points of discontinuity of the functions and the endpoints of the interval within which each function is defined add to the order of the sequence. For instance, a non-vertical line segment in the plane can be interpreted as the graph of a function mapping an interval of "x" values to their corresponding "y" values, and the lower envelope of a collection of line segments forms a Davenport–Schinzel sequence of order three because any two line segments can form an alternating subsequence with length at most four.

</doc>
<doc id="20232530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232530" title="Prep Bowl">
Prep Bowl

Prep Bowl may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20232555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232555" title="Thymidylate synthase inhibitor">
Thymidylate synthase inhibitor

Thymidylate synthase inhibitors are chemical agents which inhibit the enzyme thymidylate synthase and have potential as an anticancer chemotherapy. Five agents were in clinical trials in 2002: raltitrexed, pemetrexed, nolatrexed, ZD9331, and GS7904L.
Examples include

</doc>
<doc id="20232562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232562" title="Sho Hanai">
Sho Hanai

Career.
Born in Miyoshi, Aichi, Hanai attended Miyoshi-Kita junior high school and Toyota-Otani high school in the same outer Nagoya area. He joined Nagoya Grampus youth academy at the age of 7. He was promoted to Nagoya's top team in 2008.
Hanai joined Tokushima Vortis in February 2012 on a free transfer following his release from Nagoya. He made his debut in the 2–1 away win at Giravanz Kitakyushu in the next month, and scored his first goal for the club in Tokushima's 3–0 home win against Gainare Tottori on 20 May 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20232612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232612" title="Go Go Tales">
Go Go Tales

Go Go Tales is an independent 2007 film by Abel Ferrara. Ferrara based the film on "The Killing of a Chinese Bookie", directed by John Cassavetes. It stars Willem Dafoe as a strip club owner and co-stars Bob Hoskins. Ferrara had the cast improvise much of their lines. He described the film as his "first intentional comedy".
Plot.
Ray Ruby, who manages Ray Ruby’s Paradise, is worried about less tourists visiting the establishment so he decides to hold a lottery to bring them in. Ray is running out of money, but people expect to be paid, including the pole dancers. A landlady by the name of Lillian plans on using the spot for a Bed Bath & Beyond location if she does not receive rent money.
Desperate for money to keep the establishment open, Ray tries to find the winning ticket of his own lottery. His brother Johnie helps keep the strip club open. The film shows the lives of people who depend on the strip club and what the lack of money does to them.
Release.
It was screened out of competition at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival. It has been seen only at selected film festivals, including the Montréal World Film Festival where it competed for the "Grand prix des Amériques". Despite being filmed by an American director, the film rights were never bought in the United States. Its only other United States airing besides the Cannes Film Festival was at the Anthology Film Archives, as part of a program titled "Abel Ferrara in the 21st Century". The film was released on DVD in Australia.
Reception.
Ed Gonzalez, writing for "Slant Magazine", praised the acting and the music. Robert Koehler, of "Variety", said that "Ferrara is in a wonderfully loose and comedic mood after the complex spiritual dramatics of 'Mary.'" A review by "The New York Times" said, "A lovely drift of a movie, “Go Go Tales” commands your attention even as it lulls you along. Conspicuously inspired by John Cassavetes’s “Killing of a Chinese Bookie,” among other touchstones, it is a sincere and inspired meditation on art and creation, but in a loose, funny key". Simon Miraudo, of Quickflix, said that "all anyone wanted to talk about was the sequence in which Asia Argento’s exotic dancer tongue-kissed a dog onstage". It is a Critics' Pick of "The New York Times".

</doc>
<doc id="20232617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232617" title="Akira Takeuchi (footballer)">
Akira Takeuchi (footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="20232618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232618" title="Grobbelaar">
Grobbelaar

Grobbelaar is a common Afrikaans surname, derived from the German "Grobler". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20232634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232634" title="Lexus (disambiguation)">
Lexus (disambiguation)

Lexus is a Japanese luxury car marque. It may also refer to its automobile branches:
Lexus may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20232641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232641" title="Peter Sodann">
Peter Sodann

Peter Sodann (born June 1, 1936 in Meissen, Saxony) is a German actor, director and politician. He was the Left Party's nominee for the 2009 presidential election, but was not considered a serious candidate by the German media.
Early life.
Sodann was born on June 1, 1936 in Meissen to a working-class family. After training to be a toolmaker, he moved to Leipzig in order to study law. In 1959 he transferred to the "Theaterhochschule Leipzig" (Leipzig University of Theater), where he led a cabaret group. The group's performance was deemed subversive by the East German authorities and closed in 1961. Sodann was arrested by the Stasi and spent nine months in prison and was on probation for four years.
Acting career.
In 1964 Sodann made his first performance with the Berliner Ensemble. In the following years, he acted and produced plays in Erfurt, Chemnitz and Magdeburg. In 1980, he moved to Halle and for years worked as a director there.
He began acting in television shows during the late 1970s. In 1991 he first appeared in his most famous screen role, Police Commissioner Bruno Ehrlicher, in the long-running crime series "Tatort". He remained with the series until November 2007. Since 2007 he has starred in a traveling act "Ost-West-Vis-à-Vis" with CDU politician and former Labor Minister Norbert Blüm. 
Political activities.
Sodann has been a vocal supporter of the Party of Democratic Socialism (PDS), which in 2007 became the Left Party. In July 2005 he announced his interest in running as a candidate of the PDS in Saxony for the 2005 federal election. However, he later withdrew himself from considering, citing restrictions on media employment for Bundestag politicians.
On October 13, 2008, the Left Party's Bundestag delegation nominated Sodann as their candidate for the 2009 presidential election. As an actor-turned-politician, the German media has compared him (usually as a criticism) to Ronald Reagan and Arnold Schwarzenegger. Since the German president is elected by the Bundesversammlung, in which the vast majority of seats would be held by the Christian Democrats and Social Democrats, Sodann stood little chance of winning. Indeed he finished third in the election, in which the incumbent Horst Köhler was re-elected.
Personal life.
Sodann is currently married to his second wife, Cornelia. He is the father of four children through his first marriage: Tina, Susanne, Franz and Karl.

</doc>
<doc id="20232657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232657" title="Yoshizumi Ogawa">
Yoshizumi Ogawa

Career statistics.
As of 4 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20232673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232673" title="Christian Callejas">
Christian Callejas

Christian Fabián Callejas Rodríguez (born May 17, 1978 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a professional footballer currently playing for Segunda División Uruguay side Durazno FC, where he plays as a midfielder.
Honours.
Hibernians.
Winner
Runner Up

</doc>
<doc id="20232707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232707" title="Keiji Watanabe">
Keiji Watanabe


</doc>
<doc id="20232712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232712" title="Peter Webb (politician)">
Peter Webb (politician)

Peter William Webb (born 7 March 1953) is an Australian politician. He was a National Party of Australia member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1999 to 2003, representing the electorate of Monaro.
Webb studied at Canberra Grammar School and Yanco Agricultural College, and was a grazier before entering politics. He served a number of terms on the Shire of Yarrowlumla council, including several years as its mayor. He was subsequently preselected as the National Party candidate for the open local seat of Monaro, which had been vacated by retiring maverick National MLA Peter Cochran. Campaigning on the state of the timber industry and the decline of rural infrastructure, he faced a very tight race against the Labor candidate, and emerged successful despite trailing for most of the count, in a result that was not known for days.
Webb, like his predecessor, established a reputation as a maverick MP. He once took a tray of local lamb to the American embassy to protest American agriculture tariffs, called for the abolition of the National Parks and Wildlife Service with the delegation of its responsibilities to local councils, and suggested letting the state's prison population tame wild brumbies in the Snowy Mountains. He also had two vocal in-person clashes with Premier Bob Carr, and was once criticised for signing a petition by the Lyndon LaRouche-affiliated Citizens Electoral Council.
He faced a difficult race for re-election at the 2003 state election, with Steve Whan, the son of the former local federal MP Bob Whan, preselected as the Labor candidate. After another close race, Whan was declared the winner, in a result that Webb attributed to Labor's advertising budget, the war in Iraq, and the decision of the Greens to direct their preferences to Labor.

</doc>
<doc id="20232717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232717" title="The Mayor of Castro Street">
The Mayor of Castro Street

The Mayor of Castro Street is a book written by Randy Shilts telling the story of Harvey Milk. It was first published by St. Martin's Press in 1982.
Adaptations.
In 2009, Audible.com produced an audio version of "The Mayor of Castro Street", narrated by Marc Vietor, as part of its "Modern Vanguard" line of audiobooks.
In April 2007, Participant Media closed a deal with Warner Independent to turn the book into a film. The adaptation would be unrelated to the Academy Award-winning film "Milk". The film has entered development hell.

</doc>
<doc id="20232734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232734" title="Moonshot (album)">
Moonshot (album)

Moonshot, released in 1972, was the eighth album by Buffy Sainte-Marie and her penultimate album for Vanguard Records.
History.
After the very modest success of her previous album "She Used to Wanna Be a Ballerina", Vanguard again teamed Sainte-Marie with renowned pop session musicians in its effort to improve sales and the amount of money she was making for the label. Most notable among those performing on "Moonshot" are the Memphis Horns, whilst production was by Buffy herself with Neon Philharmonic bass player Norbert Putnam, who had produced Joan Baez' last Vanguard release "Blessed Are..." and was to produce Buffy's next two albums as well.
Although the album itself fared little better commercially than its predecessor, only spending seven weeks on the "Billboard" Top 200, an extensive promotional campaign by Vanguard and extensive AM radio airplay saw the closing track, a cover of Mickey Newbury's "Mister Can't You See", become Sainte-Marie's sole significant commercial success in the States, spending two weeks in the lower reaches of the Top 40 in late April and early May 1972. However, Sainte-Marie was very upset with Vanguard's extensive promotion of the single and this was one reason why she only recorded one more album for the label before moving to MCA in 1973.
Track listing.
All songs composed by Buffy Sainte-Marie unless otherwise indicated
Charts.
Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="20232735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232735" title="Washington (SP-1241)">
Washington (SP-1241)

"Washington" (SP-1241) was a seagoing schooner barge that served in the United States Navy in 1917.
"Washington", also named "Manuel Llaguno" during her long commercial career, was built at Bath, Maine in 1879. While owned by the Luckenbach Steamship Company of New York City and employed in the coastal coal transportation trade, she was taken over by the U.S. Navy for World War I service as "Washington" on 18 October 1917 and designated SP-1241.
The Navy employed "Washington" as a seagoing coal barge. On 1 December 1917, while in tow from Hampton Roads, Virginia, with of coal on board, "Washington" was caught in a heavy snow storm and went aground attempting to enter the Ambrose Channel at New York. Determined to be unsalvageable, she was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register in February 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="20232747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232747" title="Matthew Reid (politician)">
Matthew Reid (politician)

Matthew Reid (30 September 1856 – 28 August 1947) was a Scottish-born Australian politician. Born in Ayrshire, he worked in London as a carpenter before migrating to Australia in 1887. He was active in the Carpenters' Union and was an organiser of the Australian Labour Federation from 1890. In 1893, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Labor member for Toowong. Defeated in 1896, he was elected as the member for Enoggera in 1899, serving until 1902. He served as President of the Queensland Labor Party in 1905, but left the party in 1909 to join the new Commonwealth Liberal Party. In 1917, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Nationalist Senator for Queensland. He remained a Senator until his retirement in 1934, by which time he was a member of the United Australia Party, successor to the Nationalist Party. Reid died in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="20232755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232755" title="Paul Nicholson (darts player)">
Paul Nicholson (darts player)

Paul Nicholson (born 10 May 1979) is a British-born Australian professional darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation events. He aims to project the persona of the 'bad boy' of darts.
Career.
2008/2009.
Before joining the PDC Pro Tour, Nicholson was one of the top players in the Australian Grand Prix circuit, winning 15 titles in 2008. His performances led him to the top of the DPA rankings and earned him a spot in the 2008 Grand Slam of Darts. He was drawn in Group H with Kevin Painter, Darryl Fitton and WDF number one Gary Anderson. Nicholson caused a major surprise by beating Anderson 5-4 in his opening group game. This was despite constant booing from the crowd, who began chanting "Who Are You?" during his walk-on and after his first three darts which was a maximum 180, he put his finger to his mouth at the crowd which caused the crowd to boo him almost every time he threw his darts. Despite beating Anderson, losses to Fitton and Painter eliminated him at the group stage.
Nicholson earned qualification for the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship through the DPA rankings. He destroyed Adrian Gray in the first round, winning all nine legs for a three sets to nil victory. He then upset world number 6 Adrian Lewis in the second round 4-3 and then came from 2 sets down to beat world number 11 Dennis Priestley 4-2 to advance to the quarter finals in another upset. In the quarter-finals, he lost to world number 3 at the time, James Wade but his tournament performance lifted him into the top 50 on the PDC Order of Merit.
After his performance in the World Championship, Nicholson decided to leave the DPA and play in the PDC Pro Tour in an attempt to qualify for the UK Open. After a slow start, his last 16 place in the Southern Regional finals ensured his qualification for the tournament. He faced Scottish player Gary Anderson in the second round and was victorious 6 legs to 4. He then however lost 9-7 to pub qualifier Ken Mather where afterwards Nicholson's relationship with the crowd soured further, claiming Mather's crowd has repeatedly shouted out while he was throwing. After the match as the crowd chanted "who are you" directed at Nicholson, he responded using profanity towards the crowd which he was later fined for by the DRA.
Nicholson reached the semi-final of the PDPA Players Championship Barnsley 2, defeating Gary Mawson, Mark Dudbridge, John MaGowan, Justin Pipe and Denis Ovens before losing out to Colin Osborne the eventual winner. Nicholson did not enter to qualification procedure for the Las Vegas Desert Classic and failed to qualify for the World Matchplay.
2010.
In 2010, Nicholson claimed his first PDC title, The Totesport Player's Championship. He had to play the quarter-final, the semi-final and the final in the same day. In the quarter-final he defeated Adrian Lewis 9-7. He then caused a sensation by overcoming reigning champion Phil Taylor 10-9 in the semi-finals, and followed this up with a 13-11 victory over Mervyn King in the final. During the latter stages of the tournament, the crowd started to support Nicholson due to his efforts against higher ranked and more experienced opponents (in particular Taylor), and as a result he relaxed his behaviour leading many pundits such as Alan Warriner-Little to suggest that he might give up the 'bad boy' image and just be himself. In March 2010, he moved into the top 16 of the PDC Order of merit for the first time. In the UK Open 2010, he beat Kirk Shepherd 9-6 in the third round, but lost 7-9 to Gary Anderson in the fourth round. On his World Matchplay debut, he lost 3-10 to Steve Beaton in the first round.
2011.
In the 2011 World Championship, Nicholson continued his poor run of form, only reaching the second round. He won his first title since January 2010 by winning the Crawley Players Championship (1) by defeating Adrian Lewis 6-4. He also came through a tough semi final clash with Gary Anderson defeating him 6-5.
At the 2011 UK Open, Nicholson won final-leg deciders against Gary Anderson in round 4, and Phil Taylor in round 5, to reach the quarter-finals. He lost 7-10 to eventual champion James Wade.
At the 2011 World Matchplay, Nicholson defeated Colin Osborne in the first round to secure a second-round match with Raymond van Barneveld.
At the 2011 Championship League Darts, Nicholson losing 6-1 to Phil Taylor in the final.
2012.
Nicholson made it to the last 16 of the 2012 World Championship by recording 3-1 and 4-0 victories over Mensur Suljović and Alan Tabern respectively. He next played Belgian Kim Huybrechts and won the first set, before losing 12 of the next 14 legs to exit the tournament 1-4. He only hit 21% of his doubles in the match.
After losing in the final of the Spanish Players Championship, Nicholson partnered Simon Whitlock again for the 2012 PDC World Cup of Darts to try to improve on the semi-final the pair reached in 2010. Together they enjoyed comfortable victories over Ireland, Belgium and the Netherlands to indeed better 2010 and reach their first World Cup final, where they played the English pair of Phil Taylor and Adrian Lewis. Australia found themselves 0–3 down in the final, meaning that Nicholson had to beat Lewis in the last singles match and then win the doubles to force the tie to a sudden-death leg for the World Cup crown. Australia won both of the matches 7–4 and the sudden-death leg proved to be a tense affair as Whitlock and Nicholson both missed two darts each to secure the title, with Lewis hitting the winning double for England. After the match Nicholson vowed that Australia would win the title in the future.
In June, Nicholson missed ten darts to reach the quarter-finals of the UK Open as he lost 8–9 to Denis Ovens in the last 16. In the World Matchplay he was beaten 6–10 by Andy Smith. 
After his 0–6 first round defeat to Andy Hamilton in the European Championship he did some commentating for ESPN who were broadcasting the tournament in the UK. At the World Grand Prix he beat Michael Mansell and Colin Osborne to reach his first quarter-final in the event. He faced Wes Newton and led 2–0 in sets, but was unable to take out 106 for a straight sets win and instead went on to lose 2–3. In October, he reached his first final since the World Cup in February at the fifth European Tour Event of the year, the Dutch Darts Masters. His run included a win over an in-form Michael van Gerwen, who had won four tournaments in the previous two months and a semi-final victory over Wayne Jones who beat Phil Taylor in the previous round. He faced compatriot Whitlock in a first all-Aussie final on the PDC ProTour and lost 1–6, admitting afterwards that he had run out of steam by the conclusion of the tournament. At the Grand Slam of Darts, Nicholson lost two out of his three Group F games to finish third in the table and fail to qualify for the last 16. After all 33 ProTour events of 2012 had been played, Nicholson was 18th on the Order of Merit, comfortably inside the top 32 who qualified for the Players Championship Finals. He missed one dart in the deciding leg against Ronnie Baxter in the first round, losing 5–6.
2013.
Nicholson was involved in a classic match in the second round of the 2013 World Championship versus Robert Thornton. He survived a total of five match darts from Thornton to take the match into a sudden death leg, which he lost. Nicholson never had a dart to win himself but did throw for the match during the final set. In his third World Cup of Darts with Simon Whitlock the pair were shocked in the last 16 when the Belgian brothers of Ronny and Kim Huybrechts defeated them 1–5.
On 16 & 17 March 2013, Nicholson enjoyed wins over Dave Chisnall, Ross Smith, Darren Whittingham, Louis Blundell, Kim Huybrechts, Brendan Dolan, Co Stompe, Richie Burnett and Ronnie Baxter to secure back-to-back quarter final spots in the Speedy Services UK Open Qualifier 3 & Qualifier 4 events in Wigan. He was then whitewashed by Michael van Gerwen 6–0 in the quarter-final of Qualifier 3 but was only narrowly edged out 6–5 by Gary Anderson the following day in the quarter-final of Qualifier 4.
Nicholson enjoyed further success a few weeks later at the European Darts Trophy in Sindelfingen, Germany. He saw off Ronny Huybrechts 6–5 in the first round before coming back from 5–1 down to defeat Colin Lloyd in the last 32. He then claimed wins over Yorkshire's Dean Winstanley and former BDO World Champion Mark Webster to secure a semi-final clash with world number three Michael van Gerwen. In a sensational display, he saw off van Gerwen 6–2 to face Wes Newton in the final. Nicholson missed nine darts to lead 5-3 and in the deciding leg had three darts to win the tournament on 24, but hit a single 12 with his first and burst his score by hitting a single 13 with his second and lost the match 5–6. He reached another final in May at the third Players Championship but was defeated 4–6 by Jamie Caven. Nicholson lost 5–9 to John Bowles in the third round of the UK Open. Nicholson reached the last 16 of the Grand Slam of Darts losing heavily to James Wade 10–1.
2014.
Nicholson produced an impressive performance as he beat Stuart Kellett 3–0 in the opening round of the 2014 World Championship, but Kevin Painter was then clinical on his finishes to thrash Nicholson 4–0 in the subsequent round. He also co-commentated on the final, for BBC Radio 5 Live.
Feud with Phil Taylor.
In the 2011 UK Open, Nicholson defeated Taylor in the last 16, and supposedly waved goodbye to him. While being interviewed at that year's World Matchplay, Nicholson spoke of Taylor's reaction and stated that when they met again, if Taylor did not bring his 'A' game he would "put him to bed". Nicholson defended the gesture saying that he was 'I was waving bye-bye to the demons which had dogged me in too many televised tournaments'. The comments garnered much media attention.
Taylor reacted angrily to Nicholson's comments, telling BBC Radio Stoke, "I think he's very, very silly." Taylor added that Nicholson "has a big mouth and won't keep it shut". He played Taylor in an eagerly anticipated match at the 2011 European Darts Championships and was beaten 10-7, despite being 7-6 ahead. He was then defeated at the World Grand Prix by Phil Taylor by 3-0.
CM Punk Association.
During his walk-on for the Van Barneveld match, Nicholson mimicked WWE wrestler CM Punk by having X's marked on his hands and also lifted up a Nexus scarf. However, he lost the match, 13-9. Then when he met Phil Taylor he once again mimicked CM Punk during his walk-on, using his signature pose on one knee, shouting "It's clobberin' time" and punching the air. During Taylors walk-on, Nicholson sat Indian style on the stage, another trait of CM Punk, in an attempt to anger Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="20232761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232761" title="Shosuke Katayama">
Shosuke Katayama


</doc>
<doc id="20232778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232778" title="2008 Big 12 Championship Game">
2008 Big 12 Championship Game

The 2008 Dr. Pepper Big 12 Championship Game was held on December 6, 2008 at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri, and pitted two of the divisional winners from the Big 12 Conference: the Missouri Tigers, winner of the North division against the Oklahoma Sooners, co-champion of the South division. Kickoff was scheduled for 8PM EST/5pm PST, and was televised by ABC as part of its "Saturday Night Football" package.
Per Big 12 policy, the Big 12 South Champion was declared the home team because the game took place in a home state of a Big 12 North team. Entering the game, designated "home" teams were 8–4 in Big 12 Championship Games.
Selection process.
The Big 12 Championship Game matched up the winners of the "North" and "South" divisions of the Big 12 Conference. The game was first played in 1996, when the conference was formed from the previous Big 8 plus four teams from the disbanded Southwest Conference. The championship game was somewhat modeled on the SEC format, which was the first conference in college football to have a conference championship game.
Six Division I FBS conferences currently have championship games—the ACC, Big Ten, C-USA, MAC, Pac-12, and SEC. However, the Big 12 title game ended after the 2010 edition. A major conference realignment that started in 2010 and carried over into 2011 saw the Big 12 drop to 10 members, below the 12 required by NCAA rules for a conference championship game. The same realignment saw the Big Ten and former Pac-10 expand to 12 teams each; both conferences will hold their first championship games in 2011.
Regular season.
The Big 12 South representative in the game is the 2008 Oklahoma Sooners football team. This was the 114th year of season play for the Sooners who were led by head coach Bob Stoops, a two-time Walter Camp Coach of the Year award winner. The team was led on offense by quarterback Sam Bradford, and played their homes games at Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium in Norman, Oklahoma. The team finished their regular season 11-1 (7-1, Big 12), with the only loss coming to the Texas Longhorns. (see "South Division 3-way-tie controversy" section below) They enter the game ranked #2 in the BCS and Coaches poll, and #4 in the AP poll.
The Big 12 North representative in the championship game is the 2008 Missouri Tigers Missouri Tigers football team. The team was coached by Gary Pinkel, who returned in his eighth season with Mizzou, and played their home games at Faurot Field at Memorial Stadium. Quarterback Chase Daniel returned for his final year of eligibility and led the Tigers to a second appearance in the Big 12 Championship Game. The Tigers ended the regular season with a record of 9-3 (5-3, Big 12), with losses coming to Oklahoma State, Texas, and Kansas. They enter the game ranked #20 in the BCS, #17 in the Coaches poll, and #19 in the AP poll.
South Division 3-way-tie controversy.
Oklahoma, Texas, Texas Tech all finished the season with identical 7–1 conference records, creating a three-way tie for the South division championship. Under Big 12 tiebreaker rules, ties are normally broken by head-to-head matchups, but this case was unique as Texas beat Oklahoma 45–35, Oklahoma beat Texas Tech 65–21, and Texas Tech beat Texas 39–33, which made breaking the three-way tie impossible using head-to-head results. Because the first four tie-breakers did not dictate a winner, Big 12 rules dictated that the fifth tie-breaker was that the team with the highest BCS Ranking, based on the standings released on November 30 of that year, would represent the South Division. This in turn meant that coaches, journalists and computer rankings, which are the components of the BCS ranking formula, decided the South Division representative. Texas Tech, Texas, and Oklahoma were all presented Big 12 South Champion trophies from the Big 12. During the final week of the Big 12 regular season, Oklahoma defeated a tough Oklahoma State, and Texas defeated a much softer Texas A&M delivering a sufficiently higher computer rating to Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="20232797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232797" title="2009 Fiesta Bowl">
2009 Fiesta Bowl

The 2009 Tostitos Fiesta Bowl game was a post-season college football bowl game between the Ohio State Buckeyes and the Texas Longhorns on Monday, January 5, 2009, at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona. Texas participated in the Fiesta Bowl because the Big 12 champion University of Oklahoma Sooners were participating in the 2009 BCS National Championship Game; however the bowl kept its ties to the Big 12 by selecting the Longhorns, who did not play in the championship game as they beat Oklahoma in the Red River Rivalry, 45-35, then lost to Texas Tech and Texas Tech in turn lost to Oklahoma and dictated that a tiebreaker would decide that the highest BCS ranked team for the Big 12 South the week of November 28, 2008 would be in the title game. The Buckeyes were chosen as an at-large school as co-champions of the Big Ten Conference, having lost the right to play in the Rose Bowl due to a 13-6 loss to Penn State on October 25.
The Fiesta Bowl served as the penultimate contest of the 2008–2009 Bowl Championship Series (BCS) of the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS football season and was the concluding game of the season for both teams involved. This 38th edition of the Fiesta Bowl was televised in the United States on FOX. It was the third meeting in the history of the two schools.
The Longhorns (variously "Texas" or "UT" or the "Horns") are coached by head football coach Mack Brown and led on the field by quarterback Colt McCoy. The Buckeyes (variously "Ohio State" or "OSU" or the "Bucks") are coached by Jim Tressel and led on the field by Terrelle Pryor.
The victory by Texas gave Ohio State their third straight bowl loss, their longest such streak since the early John Cooper era (when they lost 4 bowls in a row from 1989–92). This follows a four game bowl winning streak which tied for longest in OSU history.
The Ohio State and Texas football programs.
The Ohio State Buckeyes and the Texas Longhorns are two of the most storied programs in college football. Before 2005 each school had participated in college football for more than 100 years. They are home to nationally known traditions from the Buckeye leaf stickers and the O-H-I-O chant at Ohio State to Bevo and the Hook 'em Horns of Texas.
One of the three most victorious programs in college football history as judged by either number of wins or winning percentage, the University of Texas has traditionally been considered a college football powerhouse. From 1936 to 2004, the team finished the season in the top ten 23 times, or one-third of the time, according to the Associated Press. The team that coach Mack Brown fielded in 2005 has been called one of the most memorable in college football history by "College Football News".
Like the Longhorns, the Buckeyes are an elite football program. The Buckeyes program has produced 164 first-team All-American players, including seven Heisman Trophy winners. The Buckeyes rank fifth in college football history in terms of both total wins and winning percentage.
Previous meetings.
Texas and Ohio State have two of the longest-running programs in college football, but they have played each other only twice. Texas won the 2005 game en route to winning their most recent national championship (in the process becoming the first visitor to win a night game at Ohio Stadium). In the 2006 game, which was won by Ohio State, OSU and Texas were ranked #1 and #2 respectively. It was only the 36th time that the top two teams in college football had ever faced each other outside of the BCS National Championship . OSU later played against #2 Michigan Wolverines in the Buckeyes' .
Leading into the game.
After being passed over in the selection for the 2009 BCS National Championship Game, the Longhorns were selected to represent the Big 12 Conference as host team in the Fiesta Bowl. The Buckeyes were selected as an "at-large" school from among the eligible teams. The day the bowl bids were announced the sports betting line opened with Texas as ten-point favorites, the most of any of the 2009 BCS bowls.

</doc>
<doc id="20232802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232802" title="Tomohiro Tsuda">
Tomohiro Tsuda

Career statistics.
Last update: 20 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20232812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232812" title="5-Fluorowillardiine">
5-Fluorowillardiine

5-Fluorowillardiine is a selective agonist for the AMPA receptor, with only limited effects at the kainate receptor. It is an excitotoxic neurotoxin when used "in vivo" and so is rarely used in intact animals, but it is widely used to selectively stimulate AMPA receptors "in vitro". 
5-Fluorowillardiine exists as two distinct isomers:

</doc>
<doc id="20232829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232829" title="Jonathan Carr">
Jonathan Carr

Jonathan Carr (1942–2008) was a British journalist and author, who lived and worked primarily in Germany.
He was born in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire.
He worked as a correspondent in turns for Reuters, Radio Free Europe, "The Economist", "The Financial Times", and again for "The Economist". He met then-chancellor Helmut Schmidt professionally; they eventually developed a close personal friendship, and he wrote the biography "Helmut Schmidt: Helmsman of Germany" in 1985. 
His 1993 book "Goodbye Germany", occasioned by German reunification, was an international bestseller, and in 1998 he wrote "Mahler: a Biography" of the Austrian composer.
He died in Königswinter, North Rhine-Westphalia at the age of 66, on 12 June 2008, on the very day his final book "The Wagner Clan" was published.
Works.
"Helmut Schmidt: Helmsman of Germany". New York: St. Martin’s Press, 1985. ISBN 0-312-36744-9
"Mahler: A biography". Woodstock, N.Y.: Overlook Press, 1998. ISBN 0-87951-802-2
"The Wagner Clan: The Saga of Germany's Most Illustrious and Infamous Family". Atlantic Monthly Press, 2007. ISBN 0-87113-975-8

</doc>
<doc id="20232839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232839" title="John Adamson (Queensland politician)">
John Adamson (Queensland politician)

John Adamson (18 February 1857 – 2 May 1922) was an English-born Australian politician.
Early life.
Born in Durham, he received a primary education before becoming a shoemaker, blacksmith and lay preacher. He migrated to Australia in 1878, becoming a Methodist minister in Queensland.
Politics.
On 18 May 1907 (the 1907 Queensland state election), Adamson was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Labour member for Maryborough, serving until 2 October 1909 (the 1909 Queensland state election).
On 25 February 1911, he was elected as the member for Rockhampton, serving until 21 March 1917. He was Secretary for Railways from 1 June 1915 to 2 October 1916. Adamson left the Labor Party in the wake of the 1916 split over conscription, joining the Nationalist Party.
In 1919, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Nationalist Senator for Queensland. He served in the Senate from 1 July 1920 until his death on 2 May 1922. Following his death, the Queensland Government (then controlled by the Australian Labor Party) appointed John MacDonald, a Labor member, as his replacement.
Death.
Adamson died in 1922. He was buried in Toowong Cemetery in Brisbane.

</doc>
<doc id="20232852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232852" title="Gorgeous (808 State album)">
Gorgeous (808 State album)

Gorgeous is an album of the band 808 State, released in 1993 on ZTT Records in the UK and Tommy Boy Records in the US. In October 2008, the album was reissued on ZTT Records including Chapter 3 of journalist Ian Peel's "The 808 Story" and an additional bonus disk containing 14 remixed tracks, including an unreleased edit of the song "Bombadin".

</doc>
<doc id="20232858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232858" title="Broadcasting Act 2009">
Broadcasting Act 2009

The Broadcasting Act 2009 (Number 18 of 2009) is an Act of the Oireachtas of Ireland. It was signed into law on 12 July 2009, although the provisions relating to the establishment of the new Broadcasting Authority of Ireland did not come into force until a Statutory Instrument was made giving them effect on 30 September 2009.
The Act covers mainly regulation and broadcasting and digital switchover in Ireland.
Proposals.
The Act provides for the establishment of a single content regulator, the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland (BAI), which will take over the roles currently held by the Broadcasting Commission of Ireland (BCI) and the Broadcasting Complaints Commission (BCC) in as well as a range of new functions and was constituted during 2009 and the existing bodies were wound up on the same date. There will continue to be an element of separation, with a Contract Awards Committee and Compliance Committee being constituted as committees of the BAI's main board.
The BAI will have power to award programme contracts (as at present, the Commission for Communications Regulation will continue to issue the broadcasting licences proper) in the independent sector and ensure that all broadcasters, public and private, comply with contract conditions and standard. It will regulate enforcement of sound broadcasting conditions and public service broadcasters for the first time as well as commercial broadcasters, with RTÉ and TG4 becoming semi state companies and will take on a greater role in terrestrial television regulation as new Irish channels emerge on the new more spectrum capacity extensive DTT platform.
Television and radio stations will face fines of up to €250,000 if they infringe codes of conduct or licence requirements under the Act's stricter enforcement mechanism. These new financial penalties replace the current limited redress available to the BCI of revoking licences for infringement of licences or codes.
Modernisation of sound broadcasting contracts including the availability of 'fast-tracked' applications, licence enforcement, legal definitions regarding TV licence and contract awards are a features of the new law.
Changes to the public service broadcasters and the allocation of public funding is also heralded in the new Act following on from discussion with the European Commission recently. It updates and revises the legislation relating to RTÉ and TG4 and establishes the framework for two new public service broadcasters, an Irish Film Channel and an Oireachtas channel.
It reconstiutes the RTÉ and TG4 Boards (the former losing the "RTÉ Authority" name, becoming the "RTÉ Board") and renames RTÉ from "Radio Telefís Éireann" to "Raidió Teilifís Éireann", in order to reflect the proper Irish language spelling of the name.
Community Radio.
The Act provides for a legal definition of Community Radio for the first time. Groups whose members are representative of, and accountable to their community, and who seek to provide a social benefit through the supply of programming to that community on a not-for-profit basis may enter into a Community Sound Broadcasting Contract.
The Act also extends the length of a temporary licence to 100 days within a 12-month period. The 100-day licence is only available to Community Sound broadcasters. The previous 30-day licence provision remains in place for other types of radio broadcasters.
There is also a new definition of Media Literacy in the Act which includes the processes by which individuals and communities can create and publish audio or audio-visual material by means of broadcast and related electronic media.
The Act also charges the new Broadcasting Authority with considering the needs of Community Broadcasters with regard to digital broadcasting.
Public interest proposals.
The Act introduces several proposals to protect the interests of viewers and listeners including a "right to reply" procedure where individuals whose reputation has been damaged may have this corrected in a further broadcast within 15 days. This is very similar to remedies available relating to the print-media sector although there the procedures under the Broadcasting Bill differ as there is no ombudsman and the complaint is dealt with the Compliance Committee of the BAI.
Provision is also made for the establishment by RTÉ and TG4 of audience councils to represent the views of listeners and viewers. This will mean that they are more akin to commercially driven boards of semi-state companies.
A ban on advertising for junk food during children television viewing periods will also be added when this bill is enacted in an effort to reduce the problems of obesity in Irish society that junk food adverts may encourage. Television licence fee evaders are to face significantly heavier fines but will get a last chance to avoid a court appearance.
In its current form, it removes the existing ban on advertising directed towards religious ends, replacing it with a ban on advertising that refers to the benefits or otherwise of belonging to or believing in a particular religion.
Digital television.
A date of between September 2012 and December 2012 for the switch-off of analogue transmission and the nationwide rollout of the digital terrestrial television platform is proposed with an ASO date to be decided, most likely by a further statutory instrument at the appropriate time in late 2012. 31 December 2011 is the DTT full coverage date determined by the Minister where coverage would reach 90% of the population equivalent to analogue terrestrial (aerial) coverage under Statutory Instrument 85 of 2010, the RTÉ (National Television Multiplex) Order 2010, signed in February 2012. However coverage requirements are likely to be exceeded providing universal 100% coverage using a variety of DTT and DST from June end 2011.
The Act consolidates almost 50 years of legislation relating to Irish broadcasting according the Department of Communications.
It deals with Irish Analogue broadcasting systems and the amendment of legislation on Digital Terrestrial Television dating back to 2001. This Act amends previous acts such as the Radio and Television Act 1988, the Broadcasting Act 2001 and the recent Broadcasting (Amendment) Act 2007. The Broadcasting Authority Acts 1960-2001 was also repealed and the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland came into existence on 30 September 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20232861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232861" title="Kazuto Tsuyuki">
Kazuto Tsuyuki

He decided to retire from a footballer in December 15 2013(JST).
Club career stats.
As of 15 December, 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20232862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232862" title="Hold Time (album)">
Hold Time (album)

Hold Time is the sixth proper studio album from M. Ward, released on February 17, 2009. "Hold Time" is the follow-up to his 2006 album "Post-War" and its companion EP "To Go Home" in 2007.
"Hold Time" includes guest performances by Jason Lytle of the band Grandaddy, Lucinda Williams, Tom Hagerman of DeVotchKa, and She & Him co-contributor Zooey Deschanel. The album includes a cover of the Buddy Holly song "Rave On!" A streaming preview was made available through NPR prior to the album's release. M. Ward also made an appearance on the "Late Show with David Letterman" on February 17, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20232896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232896" title="Stylidium rupestre">
Stylidium rupestre

Stylidium rupestre is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus "Stylidium" (family Stylidiaceae), a species sometimes named as the Rock Triggerplant. It is found in Southwest Australia. The species was first described by Otto Wilhelm Sonder.

</doc>
<doc id="20232915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232915" title="836 (number)">
836 (number)

836 is the natural number following 835 and preceding 837.
At Download 2011.
836 is the Legend of Download 2011, He amazed the crowds with his awesomness just before Linkin Park. 
In mathematics.
836 is a weird number. Its factorization is 22 × 11 × 19, so its divisors are 2, 4, 11, 19, 22, 38, 44, 76, 209, and 418. They sum to 843. As this is greater than 836, it is an abundant number, but no subset sums to 836, so it is not a semiperfect number; therefore it is weird.

</doc>
<doc id="20232916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232916" title="John MacDonald (Australian politician)">
John MacDonald (Australian politician)

John Valentine MacDonald (14 February 1880 – 17 August 1937) was a New Zealand-born Australian politician. Born in Opotiki in New Zealand, he was educated in the country before becoming a printer. He migrated to Australia in 1897, becoming a journalist and editor; he was editor of the "Brisbane Standard" in 1913. He was also a founding member of the Australian Journalists' Association. On 26 May 1922, he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Queensland, filling the casual vacancy caused by the death of Nationalist Senator John Adamson. He was defeated in the 1922 election, but was re-appointed on 1 August 1928 following the death of another Nationalist, Senator Thomas Givens. He was defeated again at the 1928 election. MacDonald was finally elected in his own right in the election of 1931, taking his place in the Senate in 1932. He died in 1937, necessitating the appointment of another (in this case, Labor's Ben Courtice) to fill his own casual vacancy.

</doc>
<doc id="20232924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232924" title="Shuto Yamamoto">
Shuto Yamamoto


</doc>
<doc id="20232930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232930" title="MNC Entertainment">
MNC Entertainment

MNC Entertainment is the second Indonesian 24 hours Program Channel focusing on Entertainment contents such as drama serials, sitcoms, reality shows and many others. Currently, MNC Entertainment is broadcast through Indovision on channel 85.

</doc>
<doc id="20232934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232934" title="Thaddeus Dryja">
Thaddeus Dryja

Thaddeus P. Dryja, MD is a physician and noted biomedical researcher. A 1976 graduate of Yale Medical School, he specializes in ophthalmology and is recognized for his 1986 discovery of the Rb tumor suppressor gene, mutations in which lead to a cancer of the eye known as retinoblastoma. He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1996, and currently is Professor of Ophthalmology at Harvard Medical School. He led a research group at the Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary in Boston, Massachusetts, USA, where his group identified the first gene to cause typical retinitis pigmentosa (the rhodopsin gene). In 2006 he started work at the Novartis Institutes for Biomedical Research, where he currently is Vice President and Global Head of Ophthalmology Research.
References.
Friend SH, Bernards R, Rogelj S, Weinberg RA, Rapaport JM, Albert DM, Dryja TP. A human DNA segment with properties of the gene that predisposes to retinoblastoma and osteosarcoma. Nature 1986;323:643-6. PMID 2877398.
Dryja TP, McGee TL, Reichel E, Hahn LB, Cowley GS, Yandell DW, Sandberg MA, Berson EL. A point mutation of the rhodopsin gene in one form of retinitis pigmentosa. Nature 1990;343:364-366

</doc>
<doc id="20232949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232949" title="Gobrain">
Gobrain

Saint Gobrain (died November 16, 725) was a Breton monk and Bishop of Vannes. At the age of 87 he retired from his see to be a hermit.

</doc>
<doc id="20232957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232957" title="Tänd ett ljus">
Tänd ett ljus

"Tänd ett ljus" ("Light a Candle"), written by Niklas Strömstedt and Lasse Lindbom, is a song that was recorded by the Swedish band Triad in 1987. The outro includes Christmas and New Year's greetings in different languages. The song is sung a cappella, with finger-snapping in the background. The single topped the Swedish singles chart on 6 January 1988. The song was at Svensktoppen for eight weeks during the period 20 December 198714 February 1988. 
The theme of the song is that Christmas will light a candle as a symbol of hope for a better world. It has become a Christmas classic in Sweden, and is often included in Christmas music collections.
In 1993, Shanes covered the song with musical accompaniment. In 2007, Sandelin & Ekman recorded their own cover. 

</doc>
<doc id="20232973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232973" title="Hertha Zehlendorf">
Hertha Zehlendorf

The Hertha Zehlendorf is a German football club from the suburb of Zehlendorf in Berlin.
The club, one of the largest football clubs in the country, has a strong youth department which has developed a number of international players, not just for Germany and having won two national youth championships.
History.
1903–1945.
The club was formed by 30 local football enthusiasts on 10 March 1903, under the name of Tor- und Fußballclub Germania 03 Zehlendorf. By 1909, it had however changed its name to FC Hertha Zehlendorf. In 1913, the club moved to a new ground, "Siebenendenweg", now called Ernst-Reuter-Sportfeld, away from the "Tempelhofer Feld", where it was never entirely happy. The team was for a time part of BFC Hertha 1892 but by September 1914 the club became independent again, under the name of FC Hertha 06 Zehlendorf.
After the end of the First World War, in January 1919, the club merged with local side VfB Zehlendorf 03 to form the current club, FC Hertha 03 Zehlendorf. It was from this union, "Hertha" derives its foundation date, too.
For the next decade, the club did not particularly stand out of the ranks of Berlin football clubs. Only in 1933 could it finally win a championship in the local Kreisklasse but the change in the German football league system, the introduction of the Gauligas, prevented the team from being promoted.
The club continued to struggle throughout this age and even had to form an on-the-field union with Union Lichterfelde to survive. During the Second World War, play came almost completely to a halt.
1945–1963.
After the war, all previously existing clubs and associations were outlawed in Berlin and the former "Hertha" existed under the name of "SG Zehlendorf" for a while. It entered the Amateurliga Berlin (II) in 1947, a league that was played in a number of regional groups. It however became the first club in Berlin to receive a license in 1948 to revert to its original name by the allied occupation authorities.
On the field, the club qualified for the single-division Amateurliga in 1950 and immediately became a strong side in this league, winning the championship in 1953. The club's youth side took out its first Berlin championship in 1950, a game played as a curtain raiser for a Germany versus Turkey friendly, in front of 60,000, on 17 June 1951. Germany lost 1–2, but Zehlendorf beat Hertha BSC 3–2.
The team entered the tier-one Oberliga Berlin for the 1953–54 season, were all the big names of West Berlin football were playing in those days. It found life at this level much harder and was immediately relegated again, finishing 11th out of 12 teams. Back in the Amateurliga, another championship was won and the club earned the right to return to the Oberliga.
In this league, the team would stay until 1963, earning lower table finishes each season but surviving nevertheless. "Hertha" in this time earned much more local success with its youth teams, a fact not much changed even today, winning Berlin championship in various age groups over the years.
1963–74: Regionalliga years.
In 1963, German football was fundamentally changed with the introduction of the Fußball-Bundesliga. Below it, five regional leagues, the Regionalligas, were formed. Hertha did not apply for a spot in the new Bundesliga as only one club from Berlin was admitted and the bigger names in local football, Hertha BSC and Tasmania 1900 Berlin far out qualified the little club.
Instead, the club qualified for the new tier-two Regionalliga Berlin, a league it would belong to until its disbanding in 1974. In this league, Hertha continued its existence as an average side, at least for the first couple of seasons. From 1965, the club's results improved and it developed into an upper table side.
In 1968–69, the team archived its greatest success so far, winning the Regionalliga and thereby qualifying for the promotion round to the Bundesliga. In this competition, the club came fourth out of five teams, when only the winner, Rot-Weiß Oberhausen, qualified for promotion.
The following season, the team repeated its success; winning the league once more and getting another try at Bundesliga promotion. The club finished one rank better this time, coming third but the Bundesliga spot went to Kickers Offenbach. The club took out the second edition of the German under-19 championship that year, a huge success for the Hertha.
From 1970 onwards, the club returned to its mid-table existence, staying out of relegation trouble but also not really in contention for another championship either. In 1970–71, Tasmania 1900 was all to dominating anyway, winning the league title and going broke two seasons later.
For "Hertha", the year 1974 was the last as a second division team, the introduction of the 2. Bundesligas meaning the end for the five Regionalligas. To qualify for the new 2. Bundesliga Nord, the club had to be one of the two top clubs in its league but a fourth spot was not enough and it was demoted to the tier-three "Amateurliga Berlin" instead.
1974–current.
Hertha missed out on the league championship there in its first season, coming second by a point to Spandauer SV, who won promotion to the second division. The next three seasons, the club spent in midfield but its youth teams once more impressed, reaching the final in both the under-19 and the under-17 German championships in 1978.
In 1978–79, it managed to win the league. This entitled the club to take part in the promotion round to the 2. Bundesliga. It had to play OSC Bremerhaven and beat the opposition 5–4 in Berlin. In Bremerhaven it held a 0–0 until four minutes from the end, seeing itself already in the second division but then OSC scored the winning goal and earned promotion on the away goal rule. Its Berlin title qualified the club for the German amateur football championship, too, where it went all the way to the final and lost to ESV Ingolstadt.
The club continued to be a driving force in what was now renamed "Amateur Oberliga Berlin", finishing in the top five all but once in the next twelve seasons. In 1981–82, another highlight followed, coming second in the league to Tennis Borussia Berlin, on equal points but falling nine goals short. The team returned to the German amateur championship, where the FSV Mainz 05 proofed to strong in the semi-finals, winning both games. Thirdly, the club also qualified for the DFB-Pokal on the strength of a Berliner Landespokal win. It drew Hertha BSC for the first round and, in front of 12,000 spectators, the score was two all after regular time but then the big Hertha scored two more goals and knocked the little Hertha out of the cup. "Little Hertha" (German: "Kleine Hertha") is the long-standing nickname of the club, referring to the fact that Hertha BSC was always the bigger and more successful of the two "Herthas".
The season after, the club came second in the league once more, this time to SC Charlottenburg, and earned another shot at the amateur championship but this time, the FC Bayern Munich II in the first round was as far as it went.
In 1988, the club's under-17's finally took out the German championship, beating southern powerhouse VfB Stuttgart 2–1 in the final. The year after, wealthy FC Bayern Munich managed to beat the amateur club's youth team on penalties only in the final.
From 1988 to 1990, the Oberliga Berlin became the scene of Hertha's struggle with Reinickendorfer Füchse for the league championship but both times Reinickendorf won the upper hand. Each time, Hertha only earned the right to compete for the amateur championship again and each time it lost in the first round.
1990–91 was the Oberliga Berlin's last season, the German reunion also affected football and the NOFV-Oberliga was established instead. "Hertha" became part of the NOFV-Oberliga Mitte, a league dominated by 1. FC Union Berlin in its short three year existence and Zehlendorf managed only average performances. Nevertheless, it did qualify for the new tier-three Regionalliga Nordost in 1994. In a league full of former East German football powerhouses, the team struggled for four seasons before being relegated in 1998.
The club managed to only survive two seasons in the NOFV-Oberliga Nord (IV) before another relegation, now to the tier-five Verbandsliga Berlin. It has since spent its time in this league, renamed the Berlin-Liga in 2008, generally earning places in the upper half of the table but not being able to win another league championship.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
Former Hertha 03 players.
The following players developed through the club's youth system to become professionals (as of June 2008):
DFB-Pokal appearances.
The club has qualified for the first round of the DFB-Pokal six times:

</doc>
<doc id="20232976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232976" title="Mawbray">
Mawbray

Mawbray is a village in northern Cumbria, United Kingdom. It is located on the Solway Plain, approximately halfway between the coastal towns of Maryport and Silloth. The B5300, known locally as the "coast road" runs to the west of the village.
The site of the present village is believed to have been established as early as the 1150s. From the Anglo-Saxon period right up to the twentieth century, the majority of Mawbray's inhabitants are believed to have been fishermen and farmers. Farming and fishing still continue in the village in the present day, with more of the former than the latter, but the inhabitants today are more diverse, including "a journalist, an artist and a television presenter".
Mawbray used to have many diverse shops and tradesmen operating, but in the present day, these have been lost. Trades such as "bacon and ham curer, shoemaker, blacksmith, joiner and dressmaker" have long since disappeared from the village. The village post office and shop closed in the 1980s, and the village is now without a pub, following the closure of the Lowther Arms in December 2012.
Cultheram Hall, known locally simply as the Village Hall, is the centre of activity in Mawbray today. The annual Pantomime, written, directed and performed by locals, is popular in the area. The hall also accommodates many other musical events, especially by performers on the Rural Touring Scheme throughout the year.
Mawbray is served by a local bus service, running hourly in each direction to Silloth and Maryport, and smaller roads besides the B5300 run northeast towards Abbeytown, and southwest towards Haleforth, Allonby & Salta, Cumbria. With the Pub and Village Hall, Mawbray serves as the centre of the community for the outlying hamlets of Hailforth, Salta, Newtown & Holme St. Cuthbert. However, Mawbray itself is not home to the local primary school, which is instead located at Holme St Cuthbert, as is the local church.
Etymology.
The name "Mawbray" is believed to be derived from Latin, meaning "a maiden's castle or fort". This would be consistent with Roman mile-forts known to exist nearby on the coast, especially in the Maryport area. A Roman fortlet, known as Milefortlet 16, has been located at the west end of the village. Alternatively, " the early forms of the first element seem to be from OE 'mæge', later replaced by 'Maw-' from the variant 'māge'. The second element is 'burh, and the name means 'the maidens' stronghold', or, in effect, 'maidens' castle' ".
('OE' is Old English; 'burh' is OE for " 'fortified place, town, manor house'; the early form of the name was 'Mayburgh').

</doc>
<doc id="20232977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232977" title="William Thompson (Australian politician)">
William Thompson (Australian politician)

William George Thompson (2 March 1863 – 26 March 1953) was an Irish-born Australian politician. He migrated to Australia as a child and was educated at state schools in Rockhampton in Queensland. He became a shop worker, a business owner and a colliery owner. He served in the military 1899-1901 and 1910–1917, and also sat on Rockhampton Council. In 1922, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Nationalist Senator for Queensland. He was defeated in 1931. Thompson died in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20232990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232990" title="Yuki Oshitani">
Yuki Oshitani


</doc>
<doc id="20232995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20232995" title="5-Iodowillardiine">
5-Iodowillardiine

5-Iodowillardiine is a selective agonist for the kainate receptor, with only limited effects at the AMPA receptor. It is selective for kainate receptors composed of GluR5 subunits. It is an excitotoxic neurotoxin "in vivo", but has proved highly useful for characterising the subtypes and function of the various kainate receptors in the brain and spinal cord.

</doc>
<doc id="20233022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20233022" title="Kyohei Suzaki">
Kyohei Suzaki

Suzaki previously played for Júbilo Iwata in the J. League.
Career statistics.
Last update: 23 December 2009

</doc>
<doc id="20233038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20233038" title="Olympus E-30">
Olympus E-30

The Olympus E-30 is a Four Thirds System camera, sitting between the Olympus E-520 and the E-3 cameras in terms of size, weight, capabilities and price. It is sold in a kit with the Zuiko Digital ED 14–54mm f2.8–3.5 II lens. 

</doc>
<doc id="20233048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20233048" title="Naoki Hatta">
Naoki Hatta

Career statistics.
As of 4 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20233052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20233052" title="Campbell Drummond Riddell">
Campbell Drummond Riddell

Campbell Drummond Riddell (9 January 1796 – 1858) was an Australian Colonial public servant who served as Colonial Treasurer. 
Riddell was the son of Thomas Milles Riddell (d.1796) and Margaretta, née Campbell. He was the grandson of Sir James Riddell Bt who was created first baronet, of Ardnamurchan, Argyllshire, Scotland.
He was educated at Christ Church College, Oxford, but he did not take a degree. Upon joining the Colonical Service he served in Ceylon where is met and married his wife and later in Sydney, New South Wales where he served as the Colonial Treasurer.
After retiring from the colonial service he was appointed to the New South Wales Legislative Council. He also served as President of the Australian Club.
He died in England in 1858.

</doc>
<doc id="20233075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20233075" title="Flame spread">
Flame spread

Flame spread or surface burning characteristics rating is a ranking derived by laboratory standard test methodology of a material's propensity to burn rapidly and spread flames. There are several standardized methods of determining flame spread,
Test Methods.
NFPA 255 "Standard Method of Test of Surface Burning Characteristics of Building Materials", utilizes ASTM E 84 "Standard Test Method for Surface Burning Characteristics of Building Materials". This test method measures flame growth on the underside of a horizontal test specimen, using the Steiner tunnel test. The result is derivation of a Flame Spread Index (FSI), which is a non-dimensional number which is placed on a relative scale in which asbestos-cement board has a value of 0, and red oak wood has 100. Evaluation of a FSI by this test method does not provide a good understanding of how fire would propagate in full scale, such as in a room, for some materials. In particular, the results for materials that drip, such as thermoplastics, are not indicative of the fire hazard as installed on walls and ceilings because they tend to melt and drip away from the underside of the horizontal ceiling in the test chamber. Because the test method measures how far down the test chamber the fire progressed, this type of "lack of fire progression" provides a misleading FSI. In order to address such restrictions, a new test method was derived, NFPA 286 "Standard Methods of Fire Tests for Evaluating Contribution of Wall and Ceiling Interior Finish to Room Fire Growth".
NFPA 286 "Standard Methods of Fire Tests for Evaluating Contribution of Wall and Ceiling Interior Finish to Room Fire Growth", measures flame spread in a room configuration, including fire spread along walls, ceilings, and combinations of both. This method is more indicative of real world fire hazards, and is preferred over NFPA 255, but is more expensive. Also, test results for heat, smoke, and combustion product release from NFPA 286 are suitable for use as input into fire models for performance-based design, whereas results from NFPA 255 are not.Flame spread rating number is not the rate at which the flame actually spreads along the surface and is not an indication of the fire resistance of the material."
Use.
The Life Safety Code (NFPA 101) and Section 803.1 of the International Building Code limit finishes for interior walls and ceilings to materials in three classes (A, B, or C, with A being the lowest flame spread and C being the highest) and gives greater restrictions for certain rooms:
In order to meet classification in any of the three categories, the smoke developed index cannot exceed 450.

</doc>
<doc id="20233081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20233081" title="Takashi Fujii (footballer)">
Takashi Fujii (footballer)

Fujii previously played for Júbilo Iwata and Ehime F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="20233112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20233112" title="Ryohei Yamazaki">
Ryohei Yamazaki

International career.
2010 Asian Games.
On 23 September 2010, Yamazaki was selected for the Japan Under21 squad for the 2010 Asian Games held in Guangzhou, China PR.
Career statistics.
Club.
"Statistics accurate as of match played 1 September 2012"
1Includes Emperor's Cup.
2Includes J. League Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20233119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20233119" title="Lost Pig">
Lost Pig

Lost Pig is a comedic work of interactive fiction about an orc retrieving a pig that escaped from a pig farm. It was written by "Admiral Jota." It took first place in the 2007 Interactive Fiction Competition with an average score of 8.27.
"Lost Pig" won best game, best writing, best individual non-player character, and best individual player character in the 2007 XYZZY awards.
"Lost Pig" finished with 18.7% of the votes for the Audience Award in the interactive fiction category in the 2008 Jay Is Games Best of Casual Gameplay awards, placing it second after "Violet".
The game has been described as "hilarious" by reviewers for the "The Onion" "A.V. Club" and Jay Is Games
. Emily Short described it as "superbly crafted," "insanely responsive," and recommended it to new players of interactive fiction, noting, "The polish is so thorough that it avoids the sorts of parser frustrations that usually catch novice players off-guard..."
A GameSetWatch review noted that "After only a few minutes of play, however, it becomes pleasingly obvious how much effort has gone into creating Grunk’s world."
The reviewer for Jay Is Games called "Lost Pig" "...stuffed to the rafters with personality."
The game's protagonist is Grunk, an orc who works at a farm. A pig under his care has escaped, and the game begins with Grunk looking for the pig. Chasing the pig, Grunk soon falls into an underground complex. To win the game, the player must get Grunk to capture the pig and find a way out of the complex.
As interactive fiction, the player types English commands into the game and the game responds in English. However, the protagonist, Grunk, speaks broken English. This means that the game's responses are frequently in broken English. A reviewer for "The Onion A.V. Club" notes that the broken English is "clever but never too cute" and that "[Grunk's] observations make a certain sense—and his matter-of-fact reporting has an awesome clarity..."

</doc>
<doc id="20233124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20233124" title="Leanna Field Driftmier">
Leanna Field Driftmier

Leanna Field Driftmier (1886–1976) was an American radio personality and writer based in Shenandoah, Iowa.
Driftmier’s daily 30-minute show "Kitchen-Klatter" was broadcast around the midwestern United States for five decades. It was the longest-running homemaker show in US radio history.
Early life.
Driftmier was born Leanna Field April 3, 1886 on a farm near Shenandoah. Driftmier was one of seven children. Her sister Jessie Field Shambaugh was a founder of the 4-H movement; her brother Henry Field was a seed company and radio entrepreneur. After graduating from high school in Shenandoah, Driftmier taught school in Essex, Iowa. She moved to California to help care for aging relatives. While in California, Driftmier attended Los Angeles State Normal College, then taught school near San Bernardino for one or two years. On a visit to her hometown she met widower Martin Driftmier. They married June 25, 1913 and settled in Shenandoah.
Radio career.
When Driftmier’s brother Henry Field built 500-watt radio station KFNF in 1924, Leanna began helping her sister Helen on "The Mother’s Hour" program. Helen left the show in 1926. Driftmier took over the show and renamed it "Kitchen-Klatter."
For the first four years, Driftmier broadcast from the station’s studio with her young children sitting quietly in the corner. When a back injury forced her to bedrest in 1930, she hosted the show from her bedroom. She used a wheelchair for the remainder of her life and broadcast thereafter from her kitchen. Broadcasting from the home became a trend followed by other homemaker hosts of the time.
"Kitchen-Klatter" eventually moved to rival station KMA, also in Shenandoah, and was syndicated around the Midwest, reaching listeners in Iowa, Nebraska, Kansas, Missouri and surrounding areas. Kitchen-Klatter was a "chatty" and "instructive" show, a welcome “friend” for isolated rural women. Driftmier shared recipes, talked about her family, offered gardening homemaking and parenting tips. She was the most well known of Shenandoah’s popular homemaker hosts, and described as an “authoratative,” “regal presence” on the air. A fellow Shenandoah radio personality said that during World War II, Driftmier sent thousands of letters to parents who had lost their sons in the war.
Kitchen-Klatter Magazine and products.
Early in the life of the program, Driftmier started writing a newsletter as a way to respond to listeners’ correspondence. The publication expanded and took on the name "Kitchen-Klatter Magazine." It featured a newsy letter from Driftmier, recipes, health hints, poems and book suggestions.
Driftmier wrote and published cookbooks and books on sewing. The name Kitchen-Klatter was attached to home products such as flavorings, seasonings, and cleaning products, sold out of Shenandoah.
Later years.
Driftmier was named Iowa Mother of the Year in 1954. She hosted "Kitchen-Klatter" until 1959, when her daughter Lucile Driftmier Verness took over the show and magazine. Driftmier appeared occasionally for another 17 yrs until her death on September 30, 1976.
The "Kitchen-Klatter" show and magazine continued under leadership of Driftmier’s daughter and granddaughter for another nine years.

</doc>
<doc id="20233127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20233127" title="Unheard Music Series">
Unheard Music Series

The Unheard Music Series is an imprint of the American record label Atavistic Records. The series, running since 2000, is curated by Chicago writer and producer John Corbett and focuses mainly on free jazz recordings from the 1960s and 1970s. The series includes reissues of previously out-of-print recordings, notably from the catalog of the German label FMP, and also incorporates previously unreleased material. The project was conceived after Corbett received a fellowship to research material in German radio archives. An initial blurb from the label's website stated: "Drawing from radio archives, private tapes, collections of rare vinyl, and all sorts of unreleased sessions, often working hand-in-hand with the artists themselves, the series will focus on filling gaps in the historical record and illuminating otherwise dark corners of the musical continuum."
The series was launched in May 2000 with the reissue of four LPs by American musicians Joe McPhee and Fred Anderson, German saxophonist Peter Brötzmann, and the Swedish group Mount Everest Trio. Since then there have been several new issues per year. The most frequently represented artist has been Brötzmann, while American bandleader Sun Ra has also been represented multiple times, as have McPhee and German pianist Alexander von Schlippenbach.

</doc>
