<doc id="20183970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20183970" title="History of Yeshiva University">
History of Yeshiva University

This article details the history of Yeshiva University. Yeshiva University is a private university in New York City, with six campuses in New York and one in Israel. Founded in 1886, it is a research university ranked as 45th in the US among national universities by U.S. News & World Report in 2012.
History.
Etz Chaim yeshiva.
The Etz Chaim Yeshiva, a cheder-style elementary school, was founded on the Lower East Side of Manhattan in 1886. Prior to its founding, Jewish education in the United States had been limited to supplemental and synagogue affiliated schools. Etz Chaim ("The Tree of Life," a reference to the Torah from the Biblical Book of Proverbs, and a common name for yeshivas and synagogues) was the first yeshiva in America; that is, the first full-time, independent Jewish school focusing on the study of the Talmud. The primary impetus for its establishment was the influx of Jewish immigrants from Eastern Europe that began in the 1880s; the school was established along the lines of the Eastern European yeshivas, which themselves had begun to be established in the early 19th Century. However, the New York school, unlike its European counterparts, also offered some secular education, including classes in English. These were very limited at first, but eventually (partially due to New York State law) became a full co-curriculum, something almost unprecedented in the history of Jewish education.
Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary (RIETS).
The graduates of Etz Chaim had no place in the United States to continue their formal Jewish education after they completed elementary school, and some began studying Talmud with Rabbi Moses Matlin in his Lower East Side apartment. Soon, in 1896, this group formally became an advanced yeshiva, covering high school years and beyond. Rabbi Yitzchak Elchanan Spektor, the chief rabbi of Kovno (later the capital of Lithuania), and widely considered the leading rabbi of Eastern Europe at the time, died in that year, and the yeshiva was named in his honor, as Yeshivat Rabbeinu Yitzchak Elchanan ("The Yeshiva of our Rabbi, Isaac Elchanan"). A year after it was founded, the yeshiva was formally chartered by New York State in 1897 as the Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary, which is known to this day by its acronym, RIETS. The first class of three rabbis was ordained in 1903.
Despite its name, RIETS began as a traditional Lithuanian yeshiva, not a rabbinical seminary, with classes focusing only on the traditional subjects of Talmud and Jewish law. However, many of the students desired careers as rabbis, and found themselves in competition with the graduates of the Jewish Theological Seminary, at that time still seen as an Orthodox school (it would later become the flagship institution of the Conservative movement), which, while not stressing the traditional subjects, taught its students practical rabbinics, homiletics, and related subjects, making them more attractive to synagogues seeking rabbis. The students of RIETS struck several times in the mid-1900s, demanding these subjects be taught. The board of directors eventually acceded to their requests, and RIETS continues, to this day, to have the somewhat unique position of being both a traditional yeshiva, preparing its students for the traditional Orthodox semikha (ordination) by teaching a full curriculum of Talmud and Codes of Law, as well as a rabbinical seminary, teaching various practical rabbinics courses. Rabbinical students may also take courses, depending on their intended field of practice, leading to degrees in Jewish studies, Jewish education, or pastoral social work at other schools of Yeshiva University, while others, including those who intend to teach, focus more intensely on the traditional subjects such as Talmud. In the period following these changes, from 1906–1915, such prominent rabbis as Dr. Phillip Hillel Klein, Moses Zebulon Margolies, and Bernard Levinthal served as RIETS president.
Etz Chaim and RIETS, while separate schools, always had, as might be expected, a close relationship. There were a number of efforts to unite them, which finally succeeded in 1915, when they merged as the Rabbinical College of America. Both schools had each occupied a few locations on the Lower East Side, and now moved into a new building in the neighborhood. Shortly after the merger, the name reverted, for legal reasons, to RIETS, although the most common name used was simply "The Yeshiva." As a number of new Jewish elementary schools were opening at this time, Etz Chaim, the elementary division of the yeshiva, was phased out of existence over the course of the 1920s.
Under Rabbi Dr. Bernard Revel as president.
The first president of the newly merged school was Rabbi Bernard (Dov) Revel. Revel was young- thirty at the time- but already renowned as a scholar; he had been ordained in his teens in Lithuania and received his doctorate in Jewish studies (specifically, the relationship of Karaite Judaism to earlier Jewish groups) from Dropsie College (now merged into the University of Pennsylvania) in Philadelphia. His wife's family worked in the oil industry in Oklahoma, and he spent time managing their interests there as well for some time after he became president of the yeshiva before devoting himself to the latter position full-time.
High school established.
In 1916, RIETS established the yeshiva's first high school (and the first Jewish high school in the United States), the Talmudic Academy (now known as the Marsha Stern Talmudical Academy). Along with traditional Talmud and other Jewish classes in the morning, MTA (as it is commonly known) taught- and continues to teach- a full curriculum of secular subjects in the afternoon. This not only set the pattern for all Jewish secondary (and even primary) schools that would be founded after it, but was to set the pattern for the Yeshiva as well as it founded new divisions. Later, Yeshiva would establish more high schools, in including the Central Yeshiva for Girls in Brooklyn (the first Jewish high school for girls), as well as another boys' high school in Brooklyn (BTA), and a girls' high school in Manhattan. (High schools, and a higher-level yeshiva, were also founded in Los Angeles, but they are now independent.) In the 1970s, the Brooklyn schools were merged into their Manhattan counterparts, and the girls' school was later moved to Queens, where it remains today.
Other founding personalities and growth.
During one of Dr. Revel's absences in Oklahoma, Rabbi Meir Bar-Ilan, then head of the American branch of the Mizrachi religious Zionist movement, served as temporary president. He merged into the Yeshiva the Mizrachi's Teachers Institutes for Men and Women. The men's school eventually evolved into the Erna Michael College, today the Isaac Breuer College, an undergraduate men's Jewish studies division of Yeshiva
Stern College for women.
The women's school was eventually folded into Stern College for Women. In 1922, Rabbi Shlomo Polachek began to teach at RIETS, being recognized as the top Rosh Yeshiva (teacher of Talmud). When he died in 1928, he was succeeded by Rabbi Moshe Soloveichik.
Yeshiva College.
TA provided a college-preparatory education, but there was no college for its graduates to continue their Jewish educations as well. In 1928, the Yeshiva established Yeshiva College, which provides both an upper-level yeshiva education as well as a secular university curriculum, awarding a Bachelor's degree. It was starting at this time that Revel- and, later, other leaders of Yeshiva- began to develop their philosophy of the integration of religious and secular knowledge. Rabbinic education in RIETS, for those who choose it (most of the undergraduate men do not), now continues for a few years past graduation from college, leading to ordination, and continues further for a select few students. The school now became known as "Yeshiva College and RIETS."
Expansion.
Also in the late 1920s, Yeshiva finally left the Lower East Side and moved to its current location in Washington Heights, in upper Manhattan. The area centered on 185th Street and Amsterdam Avenue continues to be Yeshiva's main campus, containing the central administration offices, the main library, the undergraduate schools for men, the boys' high school, the rabbinical seminary, and other divisions. The 1928 building, by Charles B. Meyers Associates, is an extravagant Moorish Revival architectural romance of domes, turrets, and towers done in orange stone, copper, brass and ceramic tiles. It may be the only university campus to have been built in the Moorish revival style, a style widely in use in synagogues from the mid-nineteenth to mid-twentieth century.
The Great Depression began at this time, and Yeshiva was faced with numerous financial difficulties, having to shelve its more extensive building plans in order to stay open. (The campus would not really expand until the 1960s.) Yeshiva established its first graduate school, in Jewish studies, in 1936. At this time, Revel began working to bring over from Europe numerous faculty, in both Jewish and secular subjects, in order to save them from the impending Holocaust.
Rabbi Dr. Joseph B. Soloveitchik.
The graduate school was named in honor of Revel after his untimely death, at the age of 55, in 1940. Shortly after, Rabbi Moshe Soloveichik died as well; his place was taken by his son, Rabbi Joseph B. Soloveitchik, who would remain the leading Rosh Yeshiva for over forty years, teaching and ordaining thousands of rabbis, including many of the leading figures in American Modern Orthodoxy today.
Under Rabbi Dr. Samuel Belkin as president.
Revel was succeeded in 1943 by Rabbi Dr. Samuel Belkin, also a European-born scholar, a graduate of Brown University, and a professor of Greek at Yeshiva College. Under Belkin, the institution began to expand greatly. University status was obtained in 1945, and over the following decades, many new schools and divisions were opened. Stern College for Women, providing both an advanced Jewish education and full undergraduate curriculum, was established in the 1950s (its campus is in Midtown Manhattan), as was the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, in the Bronx. Also established, among others, were a graduate school of education and the humanities (now the graduate school of psychology) and a graduate school of the sciences (now focusing on biomedical studies), a school of Jewish music for the training of cantors, and a division providing various services to the Jewish community at large. Belkin set in process the foundation of Cardozo Law School, which opened, in Greenwich Village, shortly after his death.
Diversification.
In 1970, in order to comply with laws regarding government aid to sectarian institutions, Yeshiva, in a move that aroused considerable opposition by some, including Rabbi Soloveitchik, officially became a secular university, changing the status of RIETS (the rabbinical seminary), the high schools, and related divisions to "affiliates." However, the two halves of the institution remain very close, both in practice and officially on paper. In addition, the undergraduate schools, part of the officially secular university, continue to require a full course of Judaic studies from their students. For the majority of male undergraduates, this means the standard Talmudic yeshiva curriculum, essentially an undergraduate school of RIETS, along with various courses in academic Jewish studies. As a result of this policy, all of the undergraduate students are Jewish, and overwhelmingly Orthodox. Even in its more secular graduate schools, Yeshiva University is identifiably Jewish: Orthodox law is observed- for example, the schools are closed on the Sabbath and Jewish holidays and only kosher food is served. Partly as a result of this, there is a higher than usual proportion of Orthodox students at these schools, although most students are non-Orthodox or non-Jewish. In addition, there are numerous Jewish-related programs and courses of study- for example, Jewish law classes at Cardozo Law School. On the other hand, conflicts have developed over the years of the exact definition of Yeshiva's educational and religious philosophy, and whether or not it is (or should be) skewing too far either in the direction of secularism or fundamentalism, these conflicts often arising as a result of specific actions or events. The institution has thus worked continually to maintain the delicate balance inherent in its existence while advancing in both aspects of its character and synthesizing them.
Under Rabbi Dr. Norman Lamm as president.
Belkin retired as president in 1975 and was appointed Chancellor. After Belkin died in 1976, Rabbi Norman Lamm was elected third president of Yeshiva University and, at the same time, president and Rosh Yeshiva of RIETS. Rabbi Lamm was the first American-born president; furthermore, he was a graduate of Yeshiva himself: He received his undergraduate degree in chemistry from Yeshiva College, was ordained by RIETS, and received his doctorate (in Jewish philosophy) from the Revel graduate school. He was, at this time, rabbi in a prominent Manhattan synagogue as well as a professor of philosophy at Yeshiva.
Rabbi Lamm took office at a time when Yeshiva was facing a serious financial crisis. As a result, some of the schools had to be consolidated or closed. However, vigorous fundraising efforts ensured the continued viability of the school and placed it on the solid financial footing it is on today. More divisions were added: For example, the Sy Syms School of Business, with divisions for both the undergraduate men and women, was opened in 1988. At this time, many of the undergraduate students began to spend their freshman year (or more) studying in yeshivot and other schools in Israel, which has become an almost universal practice, and a Joint Israel Program regulating these studies was established to allow them to receive credit for this year at Yeshiva. RIETS also maintains a campus in Jerusalem, and many of the rabbinic students spend a year studying there as well. Over the course of Rabbi Lamm's tenure, enrollment grew considerably, and Yeshiva University's academic reputation rose as well. There are currently over 2000 undergraduate students, with plans in place to add a thousand more. In addition to its undergraduate schools and affiliates, Yeshiva maintains graduate schools in Jewish studies, Jewish education and administration, social work, psychology, law, and medicine; these are generally regarded as highly ranked in their respective fields. There are over fifteen schools in total. In addition, numerous joint undergraduate-graduate programs with other schools in the New York area and beyond are maintained. The Yeshiva University Museum, an affiliate of the school, is now one of the components of the Center for Jewish History, located in downtown Manhattan.
Under Richard M. Joel as president.
In 2002, following Rabbi Lamm's retirement, Richard M. Joel was chosen as Yeshiva's fourth president. Joel, a graduate of MTA, holder of a law degree from New York University School of Law and a former dean of Cardozo, was head of , which coordinates Jewish activities at universities around the United States. (Yeshiva University has no chapter of Hillel.) However, Joel, unlike his predecessors, is, while an Orthodox Jew, not a rabbi or Jewish scholar but a layman. There was some opposition to his selection at the time from the more religiously conservative elements of the school. Later, there was opposition to Joel's introduction of a new logo and mottos for the school; it was felt that these were an attempt to water down the university's mission of Torah U-Madda, synthesizing religious and worldly wisdom, which is the university's motto and is featured on its seal. However, Joel responded that the logo was meant as a supplement to, not a replacement of, the university seal, and that the new mottos were actually slogans; this controversy has diminished as well.
Joel is also the chief executive officer of RIETS (officially known as Chief Executive), but Rabbi Lamm serves as University Chancellor and Rosh Yeshiva of RIETS. While there has never been an official position of "top Rosh Yeshiva" at YU, and, in practice, there has not been an unofficial holder of this position since the death of Rabbi Soloveitchik in 1993, Rabbi Lamm, since his retirement, holds this title.
Joel has announced numerous new initiatives and programs. Most notably, he has created the Yeshiva University Center for the Jewish Future, folding other programs, both from within and from outside YU, into it. The goal of the Center is to provide greater services to the entire Orthodox and Jewish communities, continuing Yeshiva's role as the central institution of Modern Orthodox Judaism as well as that of a leading institution of both Jewish and general studies.
In December 2012, Joel apologized over allegations that two rabbis at the college's high school campus abused boys there in the late 1970s and early ’80s. Investigations into these allegations by "The Jewish Daily Forward" and a law firm hired by the university found "multiple instances in which the university either failed to appropriately act to protect the safety of its students or did not respond to the allegations at all." These allegations led to a 380 million dollar lawsuit by former students.

</doc>
<doc id="20183979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20183979" title="Fierzë, Elbasan">
Fierzë, Elbasan

Fierzë is a municipality in the Elbasan District, Elbasan County, central Albania. It has 3,160 inhabitants. The municipality consists of the villages Hardhi, Fierzë, Cerrage and Kosovë.

</doc>
<doc id="20183983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20183983" title="Steve Landes">
Steve Landes

R. Steven Landes (born November 15, 1959) is an American politician. He has served in the Virginia House of Delegates since 1996, representing the 25th district in the Blue Ridge Mountains, including parts of Albemarle, Augusta and Rockingham Counties. He is a member of the Republican Party.
Landes currently serves as vice chairman of the House Education Committee and is the first non-attorney to serve as Chairman and member of the Virginia Code Commission. He is a member of the education committees of the American Legislative Exchange Council and the National Conference of State Legislators.
Landes was legislative assistant to Delegate Pete Giesen 1988–1992 and district director and representative for U. S. Representative Bob Goodlatte 1993–1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20184005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184005" title="Angela Narth">
Angela Narth

Angela Narth is a Canadian writer and freelance literary reviewer. She is best known for her work in children's fiction.
She was born in Sudbury, Ontario to the late Joseph and Selina (Ena) LeBlanc and was raised in Gatineau until she moved west at the age of 23. She currently resides in Winnipeg and writes fiction as Angela K. Narth, but has also published non-fiction under the pseudonym Angela Murphy. She has a Master's Degree in Educational Psychology from the University of Ottawa and a Bachelor's Degree in Special Education and Anthropology from the University of British Columbia.
Following successive careers as teacher, school administrator, and university lecturer, Angela wrote her first children's book "Simon With Two Left Feet", which was published in 2000. Widely celebrated, the book was on the best-seller list for 47 consecutive weeks. It was short-listed for the McNally Robinson Book of the Year for Young People in 2001, and received a Bronze International Moonbeam Award for Children's Fiction in 2007. "Simon With Two Left Feet" has been re-written as a play for children and will be presented for the first time by Fantasy Theatre for Children March 28 through April 5, 2009 at the Forrest Nickerson Theatre in Winnipeg.
"The Very Last Ladybug War" was published in 2001 along with its French-language version "La toute derniere guerre de coccinelle". "Fergus Prince of Frogs" followed in 2003 and was short-listed for the McNally Robinson Book of the Year for Young People in that year. Her English-language children's books, published by GWEV Publishing, have been re-created in Picture-mation by Cinerio Entertainment and are available on DVD as well as in print form.
In 2005 Folklore Publishing of Edmonton published three of Angela's adult non-fiction books, "Canadian Crimes & Capers", "Great Canadians", and "The Bathroom Book of Canadian Trivia" under her pseudonym Angela Murphy.

</doc>
<doc id="20184018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184018" title="Fierzë">
Fierzë

Fierzë may refer to the following municipalities in Albania:

</doc>
<doc id="20184021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184021" title="Gyeongin National University of Education">
Gyeongin National University of Education

Gyeongin National University of Education (GINUE) (경인교육대학교) is a national institution which provides training for future public elementary school teachers in South Korea. 
It was founded on May 23, 1946 under the name of Gaeseong School of Education in Gyeonggi-do(경기도립 개성사범학교). 
In 2003, the institution changed its name from Inchon National University of Education (INUE) (인천교육대학교) to Gyeongin National University of Education. The university is the largest educational institute for training future elementary school teachers in Korea. 
The university has two campuses: Incheon campus in Gyesan-dong, Gyeyang-gu, Incheon, and Gyeonggi campus in Seoksu-dong, Manan-gu, Anyang in Gyeonggi-do. The university offers graduate and undergraduate programs, and has an attached elementary school.
Motto and Emblems.
Purpose of Education.
Based on the educational philosophy of Korea, Gyeongin National University of Education aims to teach and study profound academic theories and methods for the development of the nation and human society. Also, it claims to train students to be leaders, and cultivate competent teachers for elementary school education.
Academics.
Undergraduate College.
Due to the university's specialized purpose, undergraduate college only offers one major, Elementary Education. 
But students do have some choices in Specialized Courses, which covers deeper educational technics in various areas such as Computer Education, Korean Education, Music Education, etc.
Graduate School.
Graduate school of education was open on Mar. 2, 1996 in order to produce competent educators for the advancement of elementary education. Currently, there are 305 full-time students enrolled majoring in 15 different programs. It offers the following majors: 

</doc>
<doc id="20184044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184044" title="Mark D. Naison">
Mark D. Naison

Mark Naison (born 1946) is a professor of history at Fordham University in New York, and Chair of African and African-American Studies. 
He was a former political activist who was a member of CORE and SDS in the 1960s. He is a graduate of Columbia University and holds a Ph. D. in American History.
Early life.
Mark D. Naison was born in 1946 in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, New York. As the only child of Jewish intellectuals (both schoolteachers), Mark D. Naison had an easy childhood. Although he was happy as a child, Naison felt different from the other kids because he was ostracized from his peers because his parents put such an importance on intelligence. Naison rebelled and turned to sports as an outlet and to help him fit in better with the neighbor kids.
Early Days at Columbia University.
Mark entered Columbia University in the fall of 1962. By the end of his freshman year, Mark began to feel like he had to oppose racial segregation more actively. By the fall of 1963, he joined the Columbia chapter of CORE. CORE (Congress of Racial Equality) was a civil rights organization that was pivotal in the United States, particularly in the 1950s and 1960s. CORE was started in 1942 and was open to “anyone who believes that 'all people are created equal' and is willing to work towards the ultimate goal of true equality throughout the world." CORE quickly became one of the university’s biggest political-action groups. Naison signed up to tutor and help organize tenants in East Harlem. He earned his BA in American History at Columbia in 1966. and his MA in American History in 1967. Naison went on to earn his Ph.D. in American History in January 1976.
Students for a Democratic Society.
By 1967, Naison was participating in anti-war activities sponsored by SDS (Students for a Democratic Society). Although Naison was against the Vietnam War, he had objections to SDS's political style. He felt that they were too wrapped up in Marxist thinking and not concerned enough with the human aspect of the war. In the spring of 1967, SDS held a demonstration against the Reserve Officers Training Corps, or ROTC, on the Columbia campus. Naison participated in the demonstration, but to distinguish himself from SDS members, he wore his athletic jacket and carried a sign saying “jocks for peace”. In February 1968 Naison was arrested for civil disobedience at a protest on the Columbia campus at the proposed Harlem site for the new gym. In April of that same year Naison’s father and Martin Luther King died within two weeks of each other. Both of these deaths had profound impacts on Naison. At this point in his life he decided that he needed to be more involved in radical politics. Two weeks after King’s death there was another protest against the gym and again Naison participated. This time it was organized by the Columbia chapter of SDS and SAS (Student African-American Society). Mark Rudd, SDS’s leader, urged the group (of almost 500) to seize buildings to make sure their voices were heard. They soon overtook Hamilton Hall, giving them leverage that no other demonstration had ever held. During the building occupation, Naison spoke briefly about the historical context of the march. During his speech he said that “the forces opposing university expansion have the upper hand. Let’s not leave this building until we get some serious concessions.” During the protest, Naison realized that while he did not necessarily agree with SDS’s contempt for white protesters, he also felt that their tactics in the gym protest were far more effective, a realization that led him to join SDS after the strike. After he joined, Naison was asked by Rudd to use his knowledge of African-American and labor movement history to argue that the nationalist impulse was a progressive force in African-American life in SDS's leadership's fight against the Progressive Labor Movement. The PLM (generally referred to as PL) included members of SDS who were arguing the black nationalism was reactionary and that no revolution could be built with separate black and white wings. By that fall, Naison had taken on an even greater role in SDS, both in the regional offices and nationally. He participated in many protests and attended the SDS national convention in Chicago in 1969. 
When the group calling itself Weatherman was instituted at the SDS national convention in Chicago, Naison was there. Naison even joined another member of the group to sign a lease on a house in South Brooklyn. Naison participated in discussions for the Days of Rage to be held in Chicago in the fall of 1969. On a Saturday in October in 1969 all that changed. Naison was in a park with a group of friends, and while there they met a group of teenagers. They started talking and soon learned that a café across the way would not serve them because they looked like hippies. Furious, Naison and the others marched into the café and demanded that they be served. The police were called and a fight ensued resulting in eleven arrests. After a couple of days in jail, Naison was released on bail (by his comrades) with the assumption that he would contact a gym teacher at a local school to get the word out about the Days of Rage. Naison did not want to put his life on the line and be back in jail within the week. After tangling with members of the Weatherman, Naison ceased associating with the group.
<poem>
"I remember Ted Gold best...
"He is dead...
Of a bomb meant for better targets..." </poem> 
Presently.
Asked about his arrest during the Columbia incident, Naison replied, "Getting arrested to protest Columbia's attempt to build a gym in a Harlem Park was something I was proud of at the time—and am still proud of now.” Naison claims that his only regret in life has been not leaving Weatherman when they started talking about getting rid of monogamy.
Naison has been on the faculty of Fordham University in New York City since 1970, where he is Professor of African American Studies and History, Director of the Bronx African American History Project, and has served as Director of Urban Studies. His most popular course at Fordham, From Rock & Roll to Hip Hop: Urban Youth Cultures in Post War America, was the subject of an interview with him on National Public Radio.
He has written over a hundred articles and published three books on urban history, African-American History, and the history of sports. Naison has also appeared on "The O'Reilly Factor", "Chappelle's Show", and The Discovery Channel's "Greatest American Competition". He has also been an outspoken critic of Teach for America.
Naison is co-founder of the Bad Ass Teachers Association, a group dedicated to fighting the Common Core Curriculum and corporate influences on American education.

</doc>
<doc id="20184049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184049" title="Kajan">
Kajan

Kajan is a municipality in the Elbasan District, Elbasan County, central Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Dragot-Fushë, Lisaj, Kajan, Dragot, Gjinuk, Gjolene, Turbull, Çestije, Merhoj and Idriz.

</doc>
<doc id="20184053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184053" title="Neal Golden">
Neal Golden

Brother Neal Golden, S.C., Ph.D., is a Brother of the Sacred Heart who teaches at Brother Martin High School in New Orleans, Louisiana. Here he chairs the computer science department. In addition to teaching mathematics and computer science, he also moderates the academic games team, and the computer programming team. Brother Neal holds a PhD in mathematics and has authored several books on programming.
Biography.
Brother Neal Golden is founder, director and president of the Academic Games Leagues of America, president of the Greater New Orleans Teacher of Mathematics and Chair of the Technology Committee of the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Golden, chair of the Department of Computer Science at Brother Martin High School in New Orleans, Golden has a long and very distinguished career in teaching.
Before earning his Ph.D. in mathematics, he designed and taught the first high school course for credit in computer science in the state of Louisiana. In 1975 he wrote the first high school computer programming textbook in the United States and has authored and co-authored four additional computer and mathematics textbooks. Golden has been chair of the Louisiana Computer Literacy Committee and was a charter member of the Mathematical Sciences Education Board of the National Research Council in Washington, D.C.
During his career as a Brother of the Sacred Heart, Golden has been recognized with numerous awards for excellence in teaching.
In 1966 Brother Neal became the first teacher in Louisiana to teach a high school computer course for credit. Since 1969 he has been Chair of the Department of Mathematics and Computer Science and then Chair of Computer Science at Brother Martin High School, New Orleans. In 1975 he was the author of Computer Programming in the BASIC Language (Harcourt Brace Jovanovich (2nd edition 1981, 3rd edition 1987). He also wrote Computer Literacy with an Introduction to BASIC Programming (1985, Harcourt Brace Jovanovich) and Computer Programming in the Pascal Language (1988, Harcourt Brace Jovanovich). He was Chair of the NCTM Technology Committee in 1986-7 and a charter member of the Mathematical Sciences Education Board of the National Research Council. (1985–88).
In 1967 Brother Neal formed the New Orleans Equations League following the first academic games tournament in New Orleans. The league eventually expanded to include public and private schools in the Orleans, Jefferson, and St. Bernard parishes.
In 2010 Brother Neal was featured in a Times Picayune article regarding his tenure at Brother Martin, the history of computer science education in New Orleans, and a time line of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="20184068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184068" title="Edward Bazalgette">
Edward Bazalgette

Edward Bazalgette is a British television director and former musician. 
He was the lead guitarist in the 1980s rock group the Vapors, whose hit "Turning Japanese" remains a popular one-hit wonder. He later became a film editor, television producer and director. In 2003, the BBC commissioned a seven part series of documentaries called "The Seven Wonders of the Industrial World". Edward Bazalgette directed and produced the documentary "The Sewer King" which charted his ancestor Sir Joseph Bazalgette's design and engineering of the London sewers. His third cousin Peter Bazalgette later presented a show for Five called "The Great Stink".
He has also directed two drama documentaries for the BBC - Genghis Khan (2005) and Hannibal (2006). He has also directed episodes of EastEnders and Holby City, as well as location films for Top Gear

</doc>
<doc id="20184069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184069" title="Standards for Better Health">
Standards for Better Health

Standards for Better Health were a set of standards for the National Health Service in England. The standards were set out by the Department of Health of the United Kingdom in a document of the same name published in 2004. NHS trusts had to declare their level of compliance with these standards to the Healthcare Commission annually as part of the Commission's "annual health check". The standards were replaced from 2009/10 by registration criteria established by the Department of Health and Care Quality Commission, which took over from the Healthcare Commission on 1 April 2009.
Domains.
The standards were listed under seven headings or "domains", three of which focused on "patient experience":
Standards.
The standards were divided into 24 core and 13 developmental standards. Compliance with the core standards had always been mandatory but the approach taken by the Department of Health and Healthcare Commission with respect to the developmental standards varied.

</doc>
<doc id="20184071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184071" title="Al-Ghat">
Al-Ghat

Al-Ghat (Arabic: El-Gh'at الغاط') or Elghat is a small town in Riyadh Province, Saudi Arabia. It is located by road northwest of Riyadh.As of the 2004 census it had a population of 6960 people. 

</doc>
<doc id="20184074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184074" title="Grekan">
Grekan

Grekan is a municipality in the Elbasan District, Elbasan County, central Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Deshiran, Grekan, Guras and Rrenes.

</doc>
<doc id="20184079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184079" title="Alpine skiing at the 1952 Winter Olympics – Women's giant slalom">
Alpine skiing at the 1952 Winter Olympics – Women's giant slalom

The women's alpine skiing giant slalom event was part of the alpine skiing at the 1952 Winter Olympics programme. It was the first appearance of the event. The competition was held on Thursday, February 14, 1952 and started at 1 p.m..
Forty-five alpine skiers from 15 nations competed.

</doc>
<doc id="20184088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184088" title="List of amphibians of Colorado">
List of amphibians of Colorado

List of Colorado amphibians lists the wild salamanders, frogs, and toads found in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Frogs.
†Bullfrogs are an introduced and invasive species to Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="20184094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184094" title="Old Fort Duquesne (novel)">
Old Fort Duquesne (novel)

Old Fort Duquesne, or, Captain Jack, the Scout is an historical novel by the American writer Charles McKnight (1826 - 1881) set in 1750s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The novel tells the story of Captain Jack, a scout and Indian fighter, who is the protagonist of this retelling of the events of Fort Duquesne during the French and Indian War.

</doc>
<doc id="20184111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184111" title="2008–09 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, Malaysia">
2008–09 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, Malaysia

The 2008–09 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, Malaysia was an A1 Grand Prix race to held at Sepang International Circuit, Sepang, Malaysia.
Pre-race.
Because Great Britain, India and Mexico had only joined the season at the Chinese round, they were permitted to take part in a special practice session on November 20. In the wet conditions, Narain Karthikeyan was the fastest driver just in front of Danny Watts. Davíd Garza Pérez was 3 seconds slowest.
Qualifying.
The qualifying sessions were the first to utilise the new "joker" Qualifying lap rule – where the driver has PowerBoost available for use over an entire qualifying lap, to be used in any session at the team's discretion.
Sprint Race.
Following a major crash at the first start, involving USA, Brazil and India, and the pack slowed down after it seemed to have accelerated off, the race was delayed 30 minutes for track cleanup, and reduced to 11 laps.
This Sprint Race was the first this season to utilise the new Sprint Race pit-stop rule, the windows always set for Laps 4–8.
Race red-flagged after the start because of accident.
Feature Race.
The second pit stop window was set for Laps 20–28. Switzerland were sent to the back of the grid for having a brake cooler in too long before the start, and a pit crew violation during the Sprint Race pit-stop.

</doc>
<doc id="20184113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184113" title="Don Schulze">
Don Schulze

Donald Arthur Schulze (born September 27, 1962) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched all or part of six seasons in the majors, between and , for the Chicago Cubs, Cleveland Indians, New York Mets, New York Yankees and San Diego Padres. He also pitched three seasons in Japan, from until for the Orix BlueWave. He currently serves as pitching coach of the Midland RockHounds.
Since , Schulze has worked in the Oakland Athletics organization as a pitching coach. He was with the Arizona League Athletics in 2006, the Kane County Cougars in 2007-08, and the Stockton Ports in 2009-10. In November 2010, he was named to the staff of the RockHounds.

</doc>
<doc id="20184117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184117" title="Valle Po">
Valle Po

The Valle Po (Po valley), is a valley of Cottian Alps in the province of Cuneo, Piedmont, northern Italy, run by the Po River before it enters the Pianura Padana (or Plain of the Po). It gives rise to the longest river in Italy, the Po. It has a length of some 32 km, from Saluzzo to Crissolo, and is home to the Monviso mountain. It is bounded by the Val Pellice, Valle Varaita and the Valle del Guil. Gives rise to Traversette pass ("Colle delle Traversette") (2950 m above sea level) and passes through the King's plan ("Pian del Re") (2020 m) where the Po river has its source.

</doc>
<doc id="20184119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184119" title="SPARQL Syntax Expressions">
SPARQL Syntax Expressions

SPARQL Syntax Expressions (alternatively, SPARQL S-Expressions) is a format for data structures in an RDF-centric syntax.

</doc>
<doc id="20184142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184142" title="Then &amp; Now (The Jets album)">
Then &amp; Now (The Jets album)

Then & Now is the eighth album (including "Christmas with The Jets") recorded by The Jets. At this point, the band only had four of the original members remaining, but also had three new members, all younger siblings of the older members. It featured four new songs: "No Time to Lose", "The Truth", "Ooh Baby" and "Sacrifice". The album included eight previously released songs that were re-recorded for the album. The album did not sell nearly as well as their previous efforts, with only around 50,000 copies sold to date.

</doc>
<doc id="20184150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184150" title="Going to a Town">
Going to a Town

"Going to a Town" is a song written and performed by Canadian-American singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright. It was the first single from the album "Release the Stars", released on April 3, 2007, in the United States and on May 7 in the United Kingdom.
Composition and lyrics.
Wainwright said of the song:
Music video.
The music video for the song was directed by Sophie Muller, who also directed Wainwright's first music video ("April Fools"). The video premiered in April 2007, and Logo aired a 20-minute feature on the making of the video on April 27, 2007 ("Making the Video: Going to a Town"). The video begins with Wainwright as a D.H. Lawrence-like character, sitting alone at a table in an isolated room. As the video progresses, a large bouquet of roses appears and viewers see Wainwright with a bed cot. Three women emerge, dressed in black clothing and veils, visibly mourning the loss of their husbands. At times, their presence is abstract, digitally projected as if they exist only in Wainwright's character's mind. Other times, Wainwright is physically interacting with them within the same room. 
Viewers then see images of the roses burning, the women crying, and catching Wainwright as he falls to the ground. With light cast upon him from a single window, they place a laurel wreath on his head. As his arms are spread out and straight across, and light is cast upon him as if by divine intervention, this image is clearly meant to symbolize a crucifixion.
In "Making the Video", Wainwright discusses the various images and elements depicted in the music video. He states the 
song is "an emotional reaction to a lover you had a fight with", and is about "mourning" and "moving on to bigger and better things." The three women in the video represent three widows, an element he took from Mozart's "The Magic Flute". One woman represents Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, another Frida Kahlo, and the third a more abstract, "fairy tale-like" woman from "The Magic Flute". Later in the interview, Wainwright states the women represent The Three Graces. He claims the burning roses symbolize "purification by fire", representing the United States--"beautiful, but thorny." Admitting "Going to a Town" is more about birth than destruction, he believes Americans (at the time the video was made) need to "change things" and "make sacrifices". The laurel wreath, he says, also represents the US, which "dominates the planet but is in peril of losing democracy."
In the video, Wainwright wears a suit created by American fashion designer Marc Jacobs.
Chart performance.
In the UK, "Going to a Town" entered the UK Singles Chart on May 5, 2007, at #68. The following week (May 26), the track reached its highest position at #54. "Going to a Town" lasted on the chart for two weeks total, and failed to chart in any other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20184157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184157" title="Paul Callaway">
Paul Callaway

Paul Smith Callaway, (August 16, 1909-March 21, 1995) was a prominent American organist and choral conductor, particularly well known for his thirty-eight years at the Washington National Cathedral, Washington, D.C., between 1939–1977. He was also active in opera and was the founding musical director of the Opera Society of Washington in 1956, now the renowned Washington National Opera. By the time of his death in 1995, he was acclaimed for his great influence on the musical life of the nation's capital. In 1977, Callaway was appointed a Honorary Officer of The Order of the British Empire (OBE) and invested by Ambassador Peter Jay on behalf of Queen Elizabeth II.
Early years and education.
Born in Atlanta, Illinois, in 1909, Callaway attended Westminster College, Missouri, and subsequently studied organ with T. Tertius Noble (1930–1935), followed by studies with Leo Sowerby at the American Conservatory of Music in Chicago and then Marcel Dupré in Paris. While pursuing his advanced studies, Callaway was organist and choirmaster at St. Thomas Chapel in New York (1930–1935) and later St. Mark's Episcopal Church in Grand Rapids, Michigan (1935–1939).
At Washington National Cathedral.
On September 1, 1939, Callaway became organist and choirmaster at the Washington National Cathedral, where he founded the Cathedral Choral Society in 1941. During World War II, Callaway was drafted into the Army as a bandmaster in the South Pacific., returning in May 1946. During his tenure at the Cathedral, Callaway expanded the music program's support of American liturgical music and also oversaw considerable expansion of the organ in the 1950s–1970s as construction of the Cathedral's nave was completed. He was quite short in stature, necessitating the installation of a custom-made adjustable pedalboard operated hydraulically so that the diminutive organist could comfortably reach the pedals of the Washington Cathedral's organ.
Notable appearances.
In addition to his principal duties at the Cathedral, Callaway frequently served as a guest conductor at prominent venues. He was a guest conductor of Washington's National Symphony Orchestra and also conducted the world premiere of Gian Carlo Menotti's ballet, "The Unicorn, the Gorgon and the Manticore" in 1956. At New York City's Riverside Church in December 1962, he conducted the world premiere of John La Montaine's religious opera "Novellis Novellis" about the Annunciation.
Other La Montaine operas conducted by Callaway at their world premiers were "The Shephardes Playe" and "Play of Herode". Callaway was the founding music director of the Washington National Opera in 1956. He played the solo organ part in the world premiere of Samuel Barber's "Toccata Festiva" in 1960 with the Philadelphia Orchestra, conducted by Eugene Ormandy.
On April 17, 1966, Callaway directed the 51-voice choir of the Washington National Cathedral at Westminster Abbey in London. It was the first time an American choral group had sung there and an American flag was raised outside the Abbey for the occasion.
Works.
Callaway's works include "The Great Organ of Washington Cathedral", recorded in 1974, "An hymne of heavenly love", composed in the late-1930s while at St. Mark's Episcopal Church in Grand Rapids., and "Hark! the Glad Sound!" composed in December 1944 for the Cathedral Choral Society.
Retirement and death.
Upon Callaway's retirement as the Cathedral's third organist and choirmaster in 1977, he was succeeded by assistant organist Richard Wayne Dirksen, the Canon Precentor. "Washington Post" music critic Paul Hume said of Callaway at the time, "It seems incontrovertible that he has had a larger influence on the musical life of this city than any other person". Callaway then served as organist and choirmaster at St. Paul's Episcopal Church in Washington. He was a member of the Church of the Ascension and Saint Agnes in Washington, where his requiem was held following his death from cancer on March 21, 1995. A memorial tuba rank was installed on the organ of the Church of the Ascension and Saint Agnes in his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="20184163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184163" title="Bembridae">
Bembridae

The deep-water flatheads are a family, the Bembridae, of bottom-dwelling fish. They are thought to be more primitive than their close relatives, the true flatheads. Despite the common name, their heads are only slightly flattened and have spiny ridges.

</doc>
<doc id="20184168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184168" title="1994 Monte Carlo Open – Singles">
1994 Monte Carlo Open – Singles

Sergi Bruguera was the defending champion but Andriy Medvedev defeated him in the final 7–5, 6–1, 6–3.

</doc>
<doc id="20184169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184169" title="Rockport Colony, South Dakota">
Rockport Colony, South Dakota

Rockport Colony is a small unincorporated community in Hanson County, South Dakota, United States. It is located on the James River, southwest of Alexandria and southeast of Mitchell, and is part of the Mitchell Micropolitan Statistical Area. The elevation is 1,224 feet.
The Rockport Colony Elementary School, which had 24 students in 2008, is not located in Rockport Colony, but is physically in the town of Alexandria.

</doc>
<doc id="20184187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184187" title="Siracourt V-1 bunker">
Siracourt V-1 bunker

The Siracourt V-1 bunker is a Second World War bunker built in 1943-44 by the forces of Nazi Germany at Siracourt, a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France. Codenamed "" (Waterworks St. Pol), it was intended for use as a bomb-proof storage facility and launch site for V-1 flying bombs. However it never went into operation due to intensive Allied bombing that made it the most heavily attacked of all the German V-weapon sites.
Background.
With the Allies gaining air superiority by 1943, different sections of the Luftwaffe – which had responsibility for the V-1 – debated how best the weapons could be deployed in the face of an increased threat of aerial bombardment. The Luftwaffe's Flak division favoured dispersing V-1s to a large number of small camouflaged launch sites. However, General Erhard Milch, who was in charge of the Luftwaffe's production programme, advocated large launch bunkers. Adolf Hitler was known to be in favour of such an approach, which had already led to the construction of a massive bunker at Watten for launching V-2 missiles. In July 1943, Luftwaffe chief Hermann Göring brokered a compromise under which both alternatives would be pursued; four (and ultimately ten) heavy launch bunkers would be built along with 96 light installations.
The heavy bunkers were all intended to be built to a standard design, codenamed "Wasserwerk" (waterworks) to conceal their true purpose. The first two would be built in the Pas-de-Calais at Desvres near Lottinghen and Siracourt near Saint-Pol-sur-Ternoise. The two sites are about and from London respectively. Two more would be built on the Cotentin Peninsula near Cherbourg. It was intended that all four would be operational by December 1943, with further bunkers to be built subsequently.
Design and construction.
The Siracourt bunker is about long, wide and high, built using some 55,000 m³ of steel-reinforced concrete. Its design and method of construction took into account the lessons learned from the destruction in August 1943 of the Watten bunker while it was still under construction. It was constructed on high ground about a kilometer (three-quarters of a mile) north of the Hesdin-Saint Pol road, to the north of the original site of the village of Siracourt. The bunker was built in loamy soil some deep, resting on a layer of chalk bedrock. The German engineers adopted a new method which they called "Verbunkerung", which involved first building the roof flat on the ground then excavating beneath it – sheltered from bombs – to create the rest of the facility.
The bunker would have been linked with the main railway line from Saint Pol to Abbeville, enabling trains carrying V-1s and supplies to enter the body of the structure. It was, in effect, a fortified railway tunnel with a storage area capable of housing 150 missiles and an aperture from which they would have been launched. Although Allied reconstructions imagined a single launch ramp, it is possible that the Germans intended to install two parallel ramps to increase the rate at which V-1s could be fired.
Discovery and destruction.
The Allies spotted the construction of the Siracourt bunker almost as soon as it began in September 1943, when two parallel trenches were dug and concreted to form the walls of the structure. Heavy Allied bombing hindered construction but it continued until the end of June 1944, when the site was wrecked by Tallboy bombs dropped by the Royal Air Force. By this time about 90 per cent of the concrete had been completed, apart from the end sections, but the supposedly bomb-proof structure proved unable to withstand the six-ton Tallboy. One bomb fully penetrated the roof and exploded underneath, while another caused substantial damage when it exploded next to one of the walls. The ground around the site was churned up by over 5,000 tons of bombs. By the time the site was abandoned in April 1944, the exterior had practically been completed but the excavation of the interior had only just begun.
The Siracourt bunker is still extant today and is visible from the road. It is located on private land.

</doc>
<doc id="20184218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184218" title="Robert Roth (activist)">
Robert Roth (activist)

Robert Roth (born 1950), was an active member in the anti-war, anti-racism and anti-imperialism movements of the 1960s and 70s, and key member of the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) political movement in the Columbia University Chapter in New York, where he eventually presided. Later, as a member of the Weatherman/Weather Underground Organization he used militant tactics to oppose the Vietnam War and racism. After the war ended, Roth surfaced from his underground status and has been involved in a variety of social causes to this day.
Early years.
Roth is the son of a middle-class family in Queens, New York, where he grew up in a progressive Jewish household. He graduated high school in 1966, at the age of 16. That same year he was accepted to, and entered Columbia University in New York City. In 1969, Roth withdrew from Columbia to focus his full attention to SDS.
Students for a Democratic Society.
Roth was recruited to join SDS at Columbia University by Mark Rudd and John Jacobs during his freshmen year at Columbia University. In 1969 he was elected leader of SDS when he decided he would not finish school at Columbia and would instead focus on fighting the revolution. That same year he dropped out of school to avoid disciplinary charges and to commit himself to revolutionary organization. He spent that summer working with an SDS community organizing project in the Inwood section of New York City.
Roth sided with black students that opposed building the Columbia University gym in Harlem in 1968, which was intended to grant African Americans limited access to facilities and was clearly an act of segregation. Roth also opposed the University's contribution to the Department of Defense in the form of research and military recruiting. These oppositions resulted in a series of direct actions, including strikes and building takeovers. He led building occupations at Columbia University. SDS leader Robert Roth was the contact for the Low library occupation where he noted the "great communal feeling" of those occupying the library during the take-over. The 1968 Summer session started with protests led by Roth, then a sophomore, Paul Rockwell and Stuart Gedal. On 116th and Broadway, at the university's gates, Roth led "liberation classes" in which he taught passing students about pressing matters. In September 1968 Robert Roth held a meeting along with other students Josephine Duke, Stuart Gedal and Mike Golash to demand that the Morningside Gym construction stop. Roth demanded Dr Andrew W. Cordier, Columbia's acting President, to end racist and militaristic actions at the university. Roth was part of a group who participated in attempting to force administrators of Columbia University to allow SDS members expelled from school to register for the following term. As a member of the SDS steering committee, Roth chastised Dr. Cordiers for refusing to lift the 42 suspensions for the expelled students, as he claimed it signified "an attempt to split our movement." 
During his time with the steering committee, Roth, along with 200 other SDS members, participated in the capture of Philosophy Hall at Columbia University on April 17, 1969. On April 17, 1969 and May 1, 1969 Roth participated in taking over and barricading the halls. Roth asserted, "We are showing that University that every time it helps the war in Vietnam we will exact reprisals." This quotation was in response to news that the university was accepting NASA research grants by allowing military recruitment on campus. A later FBI surveillance file from COINTELPRO confirmed Robert Roth was a participant in the Columbia student strike. He was also identified as a member of SDS and a negotiator for the Low library strikers.
On May 2, 1969 they released control of two buildings: Fayerweather and Mathematics Halls. In 1969, Roth led another Columbia strike. He was arrested June 10, 1969,found guilty, and he served 30 days in prison in New York City and fined $100 for disregarding the ban of disruptions on Morningside campus.
Following his release from jail, Roth worked from August – October 1969 on the National Action Staff (NAS) for the SDS national office. In this capacity,he helped plan for the coming National Action, also known as the "Days of Rage."
On September 15, 1969, Roth, along with seven other men and women, was arrested for refusing to stop passing out anti-war pamphlets to motorists. Roth, then 19 years old, was charged with obstructing traffic and disorderly conduct. He was fined $100.
After his release Roth resumed his work as a member of the NAS on September 17, 1969. He continued discussing plans for activities in Chicago. The Chicago demonstration was discussed as an opportunity to bring their politics to the streets in order to topple the system.
Weatherman had emerged from SDS by late 1969. They sent Roth to Chicago where he noticed the heavy police presence. SDS applied for demonstration permits for a demonstration and march on October 11 of 1969 and held a conference at city hall. Roth noted that the deputy mayor would not commit to providing a permit, but assured the people that this demonstration would happen with or without a permit. In the fall of 1969 the 'red squad,' a plain-clothes Chicago police squad, formed and focused on Weather activity in Chicago. Multiple accounts say that they forcefully entered a Weatherman hide-out and hung Robert Roth out of the window by his ankles in a raid.
Weather Underground Organization.
The early months of 1970 saw great change for both Weather and Robert Roth. He recalled, "My sense of justice… and the person I wanted to be were inextricably linked to what happened with African Americans." These sentiments display why Roth joined Weather; he was interested in joining a white movement whose goal was to defeat racism and American imperialism. The news of Fred Hampton's murder in December 1969 provided Roth with the feeling of personal responsibility to make a difference. After his time in Chicago, Roth felt Chicago was a war zone which intensified the necessity of Weather's clandestine activity. In response to Greenwich Village townhouse explosion,where Terry Robbins, Diana Oughton, and Ted Gold of Weathermen perished. Roth grappled with the morality of pursuing a revolution when it endangers peoples' lives.
In his years within the Weather Underground, Roth participated in militant activities aimed against US imperialism and racism. While underground Roth participated in Osowatamie, the WUO's short lived newsletter beginning in March 1975. He served as the leader of editorial coverage.
Roth surfaced and turned himself in to authorities with Phoebe Hirsch on 3/25/1977. He was released on a $1000 bail on 9/13. He later pled guilty to mob action charges and received a $1000 fine and 2 years probation.
After Weather Underground.
After surfacing from the Weather Underground Organization, Robert Roth moved to San Francisco and joined Prairie Fire Organizing Committee. In the 1980s Roth worked with the Pledge of Resistance, a movement dedicated to ending US intervention in Central America.
In 1992 Roth was a founding member of Haiti Action Committee (HAC) and opposed a US supported coup against President Jean-Bertrand Aristide. In the ensuing years, his fight against the UN occupation of Haiti continued. He remains a member of Haiti Action Committee. Roth spoke on Tuesday 9/18/2007 at a rally protesting the kidnapping and disappearance of Haitian human rights activist Lovinsky Pierre-Antoine, as well as the ongoing repression in Haiti. This is a link to a video of Robert Roth participating in a rally held in San Francisco at the corner of Market and Montgomery on behalf of missing Haitian Lovinsky Pierre-Antoine. http://www.indybay.org/newsitems/2007/09/23/18449279.php
He also co-authored activist pamphlets: "Hidden From the Headlines: the US War Against Haiti," and "We Will Not Forget: the Achievements of Lavalas in Haiti." 
Currently Roth is a high school Social Studies teacher and community activist. He can be seen in the groundbreaking film "It's Elementary", which focuses on teaching gay issues in schools. The film aired on PBS and is a model for educators across the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20184221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184221" title="Deshdrohi">
Deshdrohi

Deshdrohi is a 2008 Hindi movie. The film stars Kamaal Rashid Khan, Krishna Abhishek, Hrishitaa Bhatt, Gracy Singh and Zulfi Syed. Khan won the Golden Balti Award and 2RS Best Actor Award for his acclaimed role.
Plot.
The themes of the film “Desh Drohi “ include politics, corruption and the common man. At the start of the film a man named Raja arrives in Mumbai searching for a watchmans job, after leaving his father and both neighbour and sweetheart, Neha, behind in his village.
In Mumbai Raja meets Shekhar,the gangster, who works as a watchman, and Sonia, who works for Baba Kadam, a drug dealer. At one point Raja helps Sonia escape from an attack by a group working for another drug dealer called Rajan Nayak, the enemy of Baba Kadam. The two eventually fall in love.
After realising that living in Mumbai is particularly difficult for North Indians, Raja petitions Shrivastav, a North Indian politician who exploits common people for his political career, for help. The drug mafia of Mumbai city is assisted by politicians and the media want to reveal the corruption prevalent in the city.
Due to his involvement, Raja is marked for death by Rajan Nayak, who contracts a police inspector to kill both him and Sonia. However the Inspector fails and is killed. The police pursue Raja and Sonia, who are also running from Rajan Nayak. Raja attempts to get help from Shrivastav, to no avail, and even Sonia's boss, Baba Kadam, abandons the pair.
Pushed to the limit, Raja resolves to kill all involved, in which he is helped by Inspector Rohit Raghav, the new husband of Raja's village sweetheart, to kill Srivastva.
How Raja and Sonia will escape law and teach the criminals a lesson is the story of the film.
Controversy.
There were accusations that the movie was cashing in on the 2008 attacks on North Indians in Maharashtra. The head of the Mumbai office of Central Board of Film Certification has opined that the movie has scenes that were derogatory to a particular community. Maharashtra Navnirman Sena has expressed their protests against the movie. The Mumbai police served a notice for a special screening to find any objectionable content that might trigger unrest. Due to the protests and problems with exhibitors, the release date of the movie was postponed by a week from the original date of November 7.
The movie was released on 14 November, except in Maharashtra, where it was banned by the state government for 60 days under the Bombay Cinema Regulation Act. The producers of the film petitioned the Bombay High Court to lift the ban on the movie. After a two-month ban it released on 23 January 2009 in Maharashtra.
Reception.
Kamaal Rashid Khan won the Golden Balti Award for his role.

</doc>
<doc id="20184236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184236" title="Mubadala World Tennis Championship">
Mubadala World Tennis Championship

The World Tennis Championship (also known as the Mubadala World Tennis Championship for sponsorship reasons) is a singles-only, professional tennis exhibition tournament, played on outdoor hard courts. It has been held annually since 2009 at the Abu Dhabi International Tennis Complex, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
History.
The inaugural Capitala World Tennis Championship took place from January 1 to January 3, 2009, with Rafael Nadal, Roger Federer, Andy Murray, Nikolay Davydenko, Andy Roddick and James Blake taking part. Murray won the event, defeating Blake, Federer, and then-World No. 1 Nadal in the final.
As of October 2009, Federer, Nadal and Davydenko announced they would return for the 2010 edition, with Stanislas Wawrinka, David Ferrer and Robin Söderling completing the field. Nadal went one further this time, defeating compatriot Ferrer in the semi-finals and Söderling in the final without losing a set. Federer won third place with victory over Ferrer.
For the 2011 edition of the tournament, Nadal, Federer and Söderling returned with Tomáš Berdych, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Marcos Baghdatis completing the six-man line-up. Nadal defended the title with a hard-fought victory over Federer after they respectively beat Berdych and Söderling in the semi-finals.
The second 2011 edition (held on December 29–31, 2011) featured Nadal, Federer, Ferrer, Tsonga, Novak Djokovic and Gaël Monfils. Djokovic won the title by beating Monfils and Federer before defeating Ferrer in the final. In the battle for third place, Nadal triumphed over Federer.

</doc>
<doc id="20184237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184237" title="Yishai Levi">
Yishai Levi

Yishay Levi (; born January 20, 1963 in Rosh HaAyin, Israel) is an Israeli musician, one of the valued artists of Mizrahi music in Israel.
Biography.
Levi was born into a family of Yemenite Jews. He began singing in clubs in Israel in 1983, when singers like Zohar Argov and Haim Moshe were at the peak of their careers. Here he was discovered by the guitarist Moses Ben-Mosh.
Levi produced his first album, "Hafla with Ben Mohes" in 1986. He became a superstar in clubs all over Israel. After this he published his first song in the album "Ine Ba Ha-yom" (Here Comes the Day); then the song "Raiya" brought him fame. It was at this time that he and Zohar Argov began a personal rivalry. The album was published in 1987.
Levi's career began to fade in 1988-1991 due to his drug habit. In 1992, he published the album "Lehatchil M'bereshit" (To Start from the Beginning) with the hits "Rikud" (one of the biggest hits in Mizrahi music) and "Mona". Later, Levi released the albums "Ha-elam hamodot" (Lovely Lad) in 1993, and "Mabit m'atzed" (Watch from the Side) in 1994, which were less successful, although the first album produced two hits, "Ha-elam hamodot" and "Mi Li Tomar".
In 1995 he published the album "Bat almavat" (immortal). The entire album was a collection of Boaz Sharabi covers, except for the title song. This album was not a success and Levi's popularity started to fade again. Then in 1997, he published the album "Ha-emuna" (The Belief), which again saved his career as a singer with the hit "Taltalim shorim".
In 1997, he published the album "Zirat hayi" (Live at the Arena), but this was not a commercial success. In 2000, he released the album "Panim l'atid" (Face to the Future).
At the end of 2000, Ishay Levi was sent to jail because he entered the apartment of his neighbor to steal electrical appliances so he could sell them to buy drugs. He was released from jail in 2003.
In 2004, Levi published the album "Nativ yisorii" (Route of my Suffering). After this album, Levi did a show dedicated to his wife called "Ani shar lach Iris" (I Sing for You, Iris). Levi returned to jail after setting his wife's house on fire, apparently because she was not giving him money for drugs. He was released from this jail sentence in 2006.
New career boost.
In 2008, Levi released the album "Rikud romanti" (Romantic Dance), which included the hits "Rikud romanti," "Roze Otach balayla" (I Want You at Night), "Isha namena" (Loyal Wife) and the Arabic hit "Ah ya albi" (Oh my Heart).
Ishay Levi is the brother of the Mizrahi musician and singer Nati Levi.

</doc>
<doc id="20184248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184248" title="Largest metropolitan areas in the Nordic countries">
Largest metropolitan areas in the Nordic countries

The largest metropolitan areas in the Nordic countries are difficult to rank in size because the definition patterns are different from country to country.
By any definition, the metropolitan areas of Copenhagen and Stockholm will rank in top, but it is debatable which one is bigger. For example, Metropolitan Stockholm includes large sparsely populated areas (though most of it is land that because of the topography can not be developed at a reasonable cost), whereas the Stockholm urban area covers only the continuously built-up area. There are various common definitions of Metropolitan Copenhagen: the former Danish Capital Region/Copenhagen metropolitan area (defunct), followed by the smaller Capital Region of Denmark, or the yet smaller Urban area of Copenhagen.
Similarly, some other metropolitan areas are not defined by any fixed guidelines but rather by an estimate of economical and commuter ties between one or several cities and the surrounding region. In some cases, towns have coined names for new metropolitan regions for PR purposes.
Contrarily, the largest urban areas in the Nordic countries can be ranked by more general criteria but is however in general seldom used by official authorities in the Nordic countries.
References.
1 "The statistics only include matriculated areas covered by the survey, thus most lakes and all seawater is excluded."

</doc>
<doc id="20184277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184277" title="Electricity sector in China">
Electricity sector in China

The People's Republic of China's electric power industry has changed dramatically since the early 1990s to become the world's largest electricity consumer, passing the United States in 2011. In April 1996, an Electric Power Law was implemented, a major event in China's electric power industry. The law set out to promote the development of the electric power industry, to protect legal rights of investors, managers and consumers, and to regulate generation, distribution and consumption. Most of the electricity in China is produced from fossil fuels. In particular, about 79% of annual electricity was produced with coal in China between 2004-2010.
China has abundant energy. The country has the world's third-largest coal reserves and massive hydroelectric resources. But there is a geographical mismatch between the location of the coal fields in the north-east (Heilongjiang, Jilin, and Liaoning) and north (Shanxi, Shaanxi, and Henan), hydropower in the south-west (Sichuan, Yunnan, and Tibet), and the fast-growing industrial load centers of the east (Shanghai-Zhejiang) and south (Guangdong, Fujian).
Recent history.
China's power industry has become increasingly competitive over the past three years as a result of government-initiated structural reforms and China's entry into the World Trade Organization (WTO). Power companies, faced with the pressure of competition, are looking to transform their communications infrastructure to boost efficiency and productivity.
China's electric power industry has continuously maintained a high growth rate. By the end of 2000, the total installed power was 315 GW, an increase of 16.5 GW or 5.5% compared to 1999. Hydropower amounted to 77 GW, accounting for 15%; thermal power amounted to 235 GW, accounting for 83%.and nuclear power amounted to 2GW, accounting for 1% of installed capacity. Electricity generation reached 1400 TWh, 13.5% more than in the previous year. In 1999, the construction investment of the electric power industry reached 14 billion US dollars, of which 49.3% were dedicated to thermal power, 12.5% to hydropower 6.4% to nuclear 26.1%, to transmission lines and transformers and 5.7%.to other investments.
In 2007, China’s energy supply and demand both surged ahead at an amazing pace in the shadow of its 11.4% GDP growth. Total energy consumption increased by 7.8% equivalent to 2.65 billion tons of standard coal while the amount of electric power generated grew by 14.1% in 2007, to 3263.2 TWh. Thermal power still accounts for the bulk of the energy generated, 83%, followed by 14% from hydro, 2% from nuclear and less than 0.1% from wind power.
By the end of 2007, China's total installed capacity amounted to 713 GW. China's power demand continued a steady growth momentum in 2008, up 13% year on year. With the shutdown of small thermal power generating units and the slowdown of investment in power generation, the high growth rate of China's newly increased installation capacity in 2008 will decelerate, and the rate is expected to reach 11.8% year on year.
By the end of 2011, it is expected that the total installed capacity will reach 1100 GW.
In 2011 annual generation was 4692.8 TWh.
The structure of China's power industry is expected to remain unchanged for a long time. At present, China's hydropower output amounts to 14.95 percent of the national total, nuclear power output accounts for 1.94 percent and wind power output amounts to 0.26 percent, while coal-fired power output amounts to at least 78% of the national total. China's coal-fired power generation will be in a stage of stable development until at least 2020, and China's installed capacity of coal-fired power generating units will remain at more than 70 percent.
In the long term, China's power industry, boosted by accelerated process of industrialization and urbanization, is projected to have an average annual growth rate of 6.6% to 7.0% in the next ten years. This indicates that the power industry will require a great deal of investment. Currently, investment in hydropower, wind power and nuclear power is increasing. However, investment in coal-fired power generation still ranks first.
Government.
Before 1994 electricity supply was managed by electric power bureaus of the provincial governments. Now utilities are managed by corporations outside of the government administration structure.
To end the State Power Corporation's (SPC) monopoly of the power industry, China's State Council dismantled the corporation in December 2002 and set up 11 smaller companies. SPC had owned 46% of the country's electrical generation assets and 90% of the electrical supply assets. The smaller companies include two electric power grid operators, five electric power generation companies and four relevant business companies. Each of the five electric power generation companies owns less than 20% (32 GW of electricity generation capacity) of China's market share for electric power generation. Ongoing reforms aim to separate power plants from power-supply networks, privatize a significant amount of state-owned property, encourage competition, and revamp pricing mechanisms.
It is expected that the municipal electric power companies will be divided into electric power generating and electric power supply companies. A policy of competition between the different generators will be implemented in the next years .
Problems.
In Spring, 2011, it was reported by "The New York Times" that due to increased demand and price controls shortages of electricity existed and power outages should be anticipated. The government-regulated price electricity could be sold for had not matched rising prices for coal.
It seems likely the cost of power will need to rise substantially over the medium term (2–5 years) to curb wasteful energy consumption and slow the rate of growth in electricity demand. In theory, the government could raise power costs by a similar amount across the whole of China in the interests of inter-regional equity.
Energy Infrastructure.
The central government has made creation of a unified national grid system a top economic priority to improve the efficiency of the whole power system and reduce the risk of localised energy shortages. It will also enable the country to tap the enormous hydro potential from western China to meet booming demand from the eastern coastal provinces. China is planning for smart grid and related Advanced Metering Infrastructure.
Ultra-high-voltage transmission.
The main problem in China is the voltage drop when power is sent over very long distances from one region of the country to another.
Long distance inter-regional transmission have been implemented by using ultra-high voltages (UHV) of 800kV, based on an extension of technology already in use in other parts of the world.
The government plans as many as eight long-distance UHV lines by 2015 and 15 by 2020.
Following research and testing, SGCC has announced construction of the first long-distance UHV line from Sichuan, which is rich in hydro-electric potential, to the eastern load center of Shanghai.
Shanghai already receives hydro-electric power from the massive Three Gorges Dam on the Changjiang (Yangtze) at Sandouping in Hubei province. But the new DC 800kV UHV line would enable it to receive power from twice as far west from the Xiangjiaba dam on the Jinsha river (a tributary of the Changjiang much further upstream).
Xiangjiaba will have total generating capacity of 6,400 MW. When completed, the nearby Xiluodu Dam will add a further 12,600 MW (about 55 percent of the size of the planned Three Gorges output), making it the world's third-largest hydro-electric dam, ranking after the Three Gorges and Brazil's Itaipu.
Xiluodu and Xiangjiaba are two of a series of massive new hydro projects that the government plans in south-western and western China to take advantage of the massive run off from the Himalayas and the Tibet plateau.
SGCC plans to bring a single pole of the Xiangjiaba-Shanghai line into commercial operation within two years (2010) and the second pole a year later (2011). SGCC plans to complete a total of 10 UHV projects by 2015 and 15 by 2020. [http://www.sgcc.com.cn/ywlm/pnews/91705.shtml]
In most cases, these will bring power from massive new hydro facilities in south-western China to the industrial and residential centers of the east.
Hydropower.
China's installed hydro capacity in the first half of 2009 was 172GW and constituted about 24% of total power generation capacity. In 2008, hydropower generated 563TWh, which was equivalent to 16% of China's total and 85% of primary electricity generation. As China's potential hydropower capacity (estimates range up to 600GW, but currently the technically exploitable and economically feasible capacity is around 400GW) is only about 25-30% utilized, there remains much space for further hydro development. In comparison, hydro utilization in the U.S. currently is 80% and in Norway, Iceland, and other countries it is at over 90%. Several new units are scheduled to still come online in China in 2009 and the National Development and Reform Commission in the Eleventh Five-Year Plan has set a 300GW target for 2020. Due to China's scarcity of fossil fuels and the government's preference for energy independence, hydropower is an attractive option.
Most of China's hydropower stations are located Central and Southwestern China, in particular in Sichuan and Yunnan provinces, where two thirds of China's untapped hyro capacity is located. The West-to-East Transmission program (xidian dongsong), which is a key component of China’s long-term energy strategy, plans to have a grid of UHVDC transmission lines carry bulk loads from 13 designated hydropower bases in Southwest and Western China over several thousand kilometers to the electricity-hungry coastal provinces. These hydropower bases hold 69% of China’s total exploitable capacity and as of 2008, about 180 middle and large-scale dams are currently under construction there.
Hydropower in China has been touted as a renewable and clean energy source, but this masks the fact that large dams, such as the Three Gorges Dam or the Xiluodu dam on the lower Jinsha River, have had environmental impacts on the areas surrounding dam reservoirs. Erosion, flooding of valuable farmland, and destruction of fish breeding habitats have been typical problems. Moreover, about 15 million people have been relocated due to dam construction since 1949 and often these uprooted local people, in particular in Sichuan and Yunnan, tend to be poor and uneducated farmers, who are strongly attached to their ancestral land and have found it difficult to adapt to the more urban areas they have been resettled to. Growing media and NGO attention on the ecological and social impacts of hydropower and efforts in the central government in recent years to improve the regulatory framework of hydropower development and protect the interests of minority stakeholders, such as displaced locals, indicate that hydropower may eventually become more environmentally and socially sustainable.
Major hydropower corporations
Nuclear power.
In terms of nuclear power generation, China will advance from the moderate development strategy to accelerating development strategy. Nuclear power will play an even more important role in China's future power development. Especially in the developed coastal areas with heavy power load, nuclear power will become the backbone of the power structure there. China has planned to build up another 30 sets of nuclear power generator within 15 years with total installed capacity of 80 GWs by 2020, accounting for about 4% of China's total installed capacity of the electric power industry. This is percentage is expected to double every 10 years for several decades out. Plans are for 200 GWs installed by 2030 which will include a large shift to Fast Breeder reactor and 1500 GWs by the end of this century.
Wind power.
With its large land mass and long coastline, China has exceptional wind resources: it is estimated China has about 2,380 gigawatts (GW) of exploitable capacity on land and 200 GW on the sea. At the end of 2012, there were 76GW of electricity generating capacity installed in China, more than the total nameplate capacity of China's nuclear power stations, and over the year 115,000 gigawatt-hours of wind electricity had been provided to the grid. In 2011, China's plan was “to have 100 gigawatts (GW) of on-grid wind power generating capacity by the end of 2015 and to generate 190 billion kilowatt hours (kWh) of wind power annually”.
China has identified wind power as a key growth component of the country's economy; researchers from Harvard and Tsinghua University have found that China could meet all of their electricity demands from wind power through 2030.
Regional disparities.
South China from the Changjiang valley down to the South China Sea was the first part of the economy to liberalize in the 1980s and 1990s and is home to much of the country's most modern and often foreign-invested manufacturing industries. Northern and north-eastern China's older industrial base has fallen behind, remains focused on the domestic economy and has suffered relative decline.
Northern and north-eastern China relies heavily on thermal generation from the local coalfields. Northern China will remain reliant on increasingly expensive and polluting thermal generation.
Companies.
In terms of the investment amount of China's listed power companies, the top three regions are Guangdong province, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and Shanghai, whose investment ratios are 15.33%, 13.84% and 10.53% respectively, followed by Sichuan and Beijing.
China's listed power companies invest mostly in thermal power, hydropower and thermoelectricity, with their investments reaching CNY216.38 billion, CNY97.73 billion and CNY48.58 billion respectively in 2007. Investment in gas exploration and coal mining follow as the next prevalent investment occurrences.
Major players in China's electric power industry include:
The five majors, and their listed subsidiaries:
The five majors are all SOEs directly administered by SASAC. Their listed subsidiaries are substantially independent, hence counted as IPPs, and are major power providers in their own right. Typically each of the big 5 has about 10% of national installed capacity, and their listed subsidiary an extra 4 or 5% on top of that.
Additionally two other SOEs also have listed IPP subsidiaries:
Secondary companies:
Nuclear and hydro:
Grid operators include:
E-commerce.
E-commerce in China is developing at full speed with its many advantages including low cost, high efficiency etc. With the advancement of electric power system reform, the electric utility industry of China has already possessed the basic condition of e-commerce development.[http://unpan1.un.org/intradoc/groups/public/documents/un/unpan001235.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="20184298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184298" title="Kaiserjäger">
Kaiserjäger

The Kaiserjäger (officially designated by the Imperial and Royal ("k.u.k.") military administration as the "Tiroler Jäger-Regimenter" or "Tyrolean Rifle Regiments"), were formed in 1895 as four normal infantry regiments within the Common Army of Austria-Hungary. Despite the name "Tirol" in its title its members were not just recruited from the crown land of Tyrol (including Vorarlberg) but also from other parts of the monarchy. The regiments were disbanded in 1918 with the end of the k.u.k. monarchy. The word "Jäger" (meaning "hunter" or "huntsman") is a characteristic term used for light infantry or light infantrymen in German-speaking military context.
Background.
The first standing troops in the Tyrol were the native Tyrolese soldiers of the Tyrolean State Battalion ("") formed in 1703. This was superseded in 1745 by the Tyrolean Field and State Regiment ("Tiroler Feld- und Landregiment"), which was given the status and prerogatives of an imperial regiment and went under the regimental number 46. Due to the political situation during the Napoleonic era, the regiment was permanently station in Veneto – still Austrian at that time – in 1801, which is why it lost its original name.
As its successor in Tyrol, the 64th Tyrolean Rifles ("Tiroler Jägerregiment Nr. 64") was established, based on a Tyrolean rifle corps and the battalion of "Kurzschen Jäger" ("Kurzsch Rifles"). When Tyrol fell to the Kingdom of Bavaria in 1805, the name Tyrolean Rifles was withdrawn. After the return of Tyrol to the Austrian Empire in 1814, the reorganization of a Tyrolean rifle corps was immediately begun. Initially it consisted of one battalion, but was later expanded to three. The inhaber of the Rifles was Field Marshal Franz Philipp Fenner von Fenneberg (1762–1824), which resulted in the contemporary title of "Fennerjäger".
Founding of the regiment.
In spring 1815, Emperor Francis I directed the establishment of a "Kaiser-Jäger-Regiment" of four battalions and 16 companies. The formation of this regiment began on 16 Jan 1816. By contrast with the "Jäger" troops of Old Austria that were organized into independent "Feldjäger" battalions ("k.u.k. Feldjäger"), this new regiment was the only (Imperial and Royal) "Jäger" regiment of the Empire of Austria until 1895 (when the "Great Regiment of Tyrolean Emperor Rifles", or "Großen Regiments der Tiroler Kaiserjäger", was split up.
The soldiers of this regiment, whose strength was 5,000 men, were recruited by state conscription ("Konscription") - until the introduction of general conscription ("Wehrpflicht") in 1868, their posts were determined by lot - and by the absorption of 1,400 men from the former "Fennerjägerkorps" and of 600 Tyrolean soldiers who returned to their homeland after the end of the Napoleonic Wars. Initially conscription service was for 12 years; later, this was reduced to 8 years and then 6 years, the pay of the soldiers being commensurate with length of service.
Organisational changes.
For 33 years the organization of the regiment remained unchanged until, in 1849, it was restructured into six battalions of four companies and one battalion of six companies. In 1859 an additional 8th battalion was established. In 1863, another reorganization followed; from now on the regiment had six battalions, each of six companies, and a depot battalion, from which a seventh battalion was supposed to be created in time of mobilization.
After the introduction of general conscription ("Wehrpflicht") in 1868 the regiment comprised seven battalions, seven reserve companies and a battalion recruiting cadre. In 1880 the regiment was brought up to a strength of ten battalions by the allocation of disbanded "Feldjäger battalions.
By 1 May 1895, the strength had been further raised to 16 battalions by the allocation of soldiers from the "Feldjäger" corps and the Regiment had been divided into four "Jäger" regiments, each of four battalions. The newly formed regiments were given the designation "1st (2nd, 3rd or 4th) Imperial and Royal Tyrolean Rifles (Kaiserjäger)" or "Kaiserliches und königliches 1., 2., 3., und 4. Tiroler-Jäger-Regiment "Kaiserjäger"".
The Emperor himself was the Regimental Colonel (or "Inhaber"); his second-in-command ("Zweitinhaber") and the commanding officers were personally appointed by him.
Structure.
On 1 May 1895 the 16 battalions of the Tyrolean Jäger Regiment (Emperor Franz Joseph) ("Tiroler Jägerregiment Kaiser Franz Joseph") were directed to form into 4 regiments that were set up as follows:
As a result of the usual frequently moves of the garrisons in Austria-Hungary the units (official abbreviation TJR for Tyrolean Jäger Regiment) were based in the follow towns and cities of the three Tyrolean regions (North, South and Welsch Tyrol) in August 1914:
Operational service.
The "Kaiserjäger" saw operational service at the storming of Casina Fersada on 23 Feb 1849, the attack on the village of Pregasina on 16 Jun 1848, the night battle at Volta on 26 June 1848, capture of a French cannon on 4 Jun 1859 during the Battle of Magenta, the storming of Oliosi on 24 Jun 1866, and the storming of the insurgents' position in Kremenac on 21 Oct 1878 during the occupation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
In addition to military combat operations, the "Kaiserjäger" were also involved in the expansion of military as well as civil infrastructure. They are reputed to have laid the "Kaiserjägersteig" road from Levico Terme (Löweneck) in the Sugana Valley in 1870s and 1880s. that runs across the plateau of Lusern and the Seven Communities and ends at Malga Monterovere (1,255 m).
During the First World War, the four regiments fought with heavy losses, first in Galicia and the Carpathians against Russia, until they were deployed on the plateau of the Seven Communities Trient and at Isonzo after the start of fighting on the Italian front.
The orders shown in the illustration and handwritten notes of a "Kaiserjäger" sergeant ("Zugsführer") bear witness to the operations of the unit during the First World War:
This "Kaiserjäger" (later Alpine Company or, "Hochgebirgs-Kompanie", No. 30) fought:
For that he was awarded the following honours:
The "Kaiserjäger" were not mountain troops, but regular infantry. These well-trained peacetime soldiers were regularly sacrificed during the campaign in Galicia and could not be replaced to the same extent. In the Gorlice–Tarnów Offensive the 2nd Rifles lost almost 80% killed, wounded and missing - on 2 and 3 May 1915 alone they lost 26 officers and about 600 NCOs and men. The 4th Rifles lost 1,300 men over these two days.
In the autumn of 1915, the "Kaiserjäger" and "Landesschützen" were transferred to the Italian Front in order to support the despairing "Standschützen" militia and small numbers of regular forces defending Italian attacks and to assist in stabilizing the front.
A higher percentage (about 40%) of the "Kaiserjäger" were soldiers from Trient (i.e. they were Welsch Tyrolese). The rest were made up of the Tyrolese and inhabitants from the rest of the monarchy. Despite the many Italian-speaking "Jäger", there were hardly any desertions in the fighting against the Kingdom of Italy, although it had been assumed in Italy that their ""brothers from the unconquered territories (irredenta) strive joyfully in the womb of their Mother Italia"" (Gabriele D'Annunzio). All the greater was the disappointment when the men of Trentino showed no inclination to change sides. On the contrary, the following saying circulated among the Fanti (infantry) and Alpini in 1916:.. ""Dio ci liberi degli irredenti!"" ("God deliver us from the unsaved").
Because of the possibility of unrest the 2nd TJR was moved in 1916 with its garrison (and the recruit battalion cadre) to Beneschau in Bohemia.
Dress.
The uniforms of the "Jäger" units were the same, except in minor details. A hat made of matte black, waterproof felt served as the parade headdress It consisted of a crown and brim adorned with a circular, green cord, the "Jäger" emblem and a plume of black rooster feathers. The hat cord was made of sheep's wool, and had a button and an acorn covered with a green wool. The two acorns were attached to the rear part of the crown. The cord for officers was made of black and gold thread.
The crown was in the shape of an oval cone, with a moderately sized dent in the top. The brim was flat in front and behind, but turned up at both sides. The edge of the brim was edged with black, lacquered calfskin.
On the left hand side of the crown was a rearward sloping pocket made of hat felt for attaching the feathers. The hat emblem - of gold coloured metal - consisted of the hunter's horn. In the centre of the coil, the "Kaiserjäger" troops had the Tyrolean eagle made of nickel-silver. This emblem was fastened above the hat feather pocket, such that the eagle was at the same angle as the plume. The plume was tied up in the form of a rooster tail on a 1.5 mm thick piece of iron wire. The length of the plume was 29 cm. The plume was inserted into the pocket on the hat, so that the feathers hung towards the rear in an arch.
On the march the "Kaiserjäger" wore the infantry field cap.
The frock coat ("Waffenrock") of the "Jäger" was – for officers and men – cut in the same style as the infantry. The other ranks' coat was made of pike gray cloth and had grass-green epaulettes, shoulder trim, collar and cuffs. The buttons for all regiments were yellow and marked with the battalion number.
The shirts worn by the Rifles were of the same colour as the jacket with grass-green gorget patches to indicate their arm of service. Their remaining items of dress were no different from those of the line infantry.
Trousers were of pike grey cloth and cut long in accordance with the regulations for German regiments. The trousers of the officers had grass-green lampasses; NCOs and other ranks had grass-green piping along the side seam.
The "Kaiserjäger" were often confused with the Tyrolean "Kaiserschützen", who belonged to the "k.k. Landwehr", and were part of the regular armed forces of Austria-Hungary. The confusion arose from the decree of April 1917, in which Emperor Charles I granted the title "Kaiserschützen" to the Tyrolean state rifles. (The state rifles, known as "Landesschützen" or "Kaiserschützen", were mountain troops and wore a different uniform.)
Ranks.
One curiosity of the rifle troops was that the private soldier was called a "Jäger" (rifleman, literally "hunter") whereas the lowest NCO's rank was that of "Unterjäger" ("unter" normally meaning "under" or "below").
Tradition.
In order to maintain the tradition of the rifles, in 2000 the annual officer cadet intake at the Theresian Military Academy in Vienna's Neustadt was given the title "Kaiserjäger". In 2004, the 82 graduates of the course joined the Austrian Armed Forces as professional officers.

</doc>
<doc id="20184299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184299" title="Xelîlê Çaçan Mûradov">
Xelîlê Çaçan Mûradov

Xelîlê Çaçan Mûradov (1924–1981), was a Kurdish writer and journalist in the Soviet Union. He was head of Kurdish section of Radio Yerevan for almost 24 years, where more than 1400 folkloric Kurdish songs were recorded under his supervision. He has also authored several books on Kurdish folklore. He was the father of Kurdish writer and journalist Têmûrê Xelîl.

</doc>
<doc id="20184303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184303" title="1934–35 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1934–35 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1934-35 campaign was a season of despair for Town. After the previous season's 2nd place finish, some fans were even thinking that Town could deny Arsenal their chance to emulate their own successes in the mid-1920s of winning 3 titles in a row. Instead, a dreadful season saw Town finish in 16th place, only 5 points off the relegation zone.
Review.
After the impressive 2nd place finish the previous season, some fans were even thinking that Town were in a possible title fight with Arsenal, who were on course for a 3rd successive title, matching Town's achievement 8 years earlier. Unfortunately, their first 8 games resulted in only 1 win, which at the time was Town's worst ever start to a season. Later in the season big drubbings including an 8-0 win over Liverpool and a 6-0 win over Blackburn Rovers, which included Alf Lythgoe scoring 5 of the goals, although a 5-0 loss to Portsmouth and a 5-1 home loss to Grimsby Town didn't help Town's goal average. They finished in 16th place, only 5 points clear of Leicester City, who were relegated with Tottenham Hotspur.

</doc>
<doc id="20184314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184314" title="St. Mary's Abbey, Dublin">
St. Mary's Abbey, Dublin

St. Mary's Abbey was a former Cistercian abbey located near Abbey Street in Dublin, Ireland. Its territory stretched from the district known as Oxmanstown down along the River Liffey until it met the sea. It also owned large estates in other parts of Ireland. It was one of several liberties that existed in Dublin since the arrival of the Anglo-Normans in the 12th century, which gave it jurisdiction over its lands. 
History.
The abbey was founded by the Irish king Maolseachlainn (died 862) in 846, according to the Annals of the Four Masters. It was originally Benedictine, but in 1139 was given by Malachy O'Morga, the legate of the Pope, to monks belonging to the Congregation of Savigny, which in 1147 joined the Cistercian order. 
In 1303, a great part of the abbey and church was destroyed by fire, but was re-constructed. However, many of the city records in chancery stored in the abbey were destroyed. The abbey was one of the largest and richest in Ireland at that time. 
In 1316 Robert de Nottingham, then Mayor of Dublin, attacked the abbey where the Earl of Ulster, Richard Óg de Burgh, was visiting. De Burgh was suspected of having brought Edward Bruce, who was then marching on Dublin, to Ireland. Several of de Burgh's men were killed before he was captured, and as the monks were suspected of supporting Bruce, the abbey was laid waste.
Silken Thomas started his rebellion of 1534 here, by throwing down his Sword of State.
Abbey became an arsenal.
After the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1539 the property was given over to John Travers and the church became an arsenal and part of a quarry. The spacious lands which had been owned by the monks came in time to be let to persons who desired to build residences or places of business thereon.
Abbey became a private residence.
In 1619 Sir Gerald Moore of Mellifont, Drogheda, received from King James I of England a grant of the abbey, together with its tithes and lands. He later became Viscount Moore of Mellifont. The family of Moore made the Abbey their Dublin residence up to the close of the 17th century, and it was Henry Moore, 1st Earl of Drogheda, who built himself a mansion on what in now O'Connell Street, and developed Henry, Moore and Earl streets.
In 1676 the stones of the Abbey were used for the building of Essex Bridge (now Grattan Bridge, leading to Parliament St.)
Abbey lands became Glasnevin Cemetery.
Dr.Charles Lindsay (Charles Dalrymple Lindsay), Dean of Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin 1804-46 and afterwards Bishop of Kildare, acquired the old monastic lands of Glasnevin, which had once belonged to the abbey. These were purchased around 1832 to form what is now Glasnevin Cemetery.
Re-discovery.
The abbey was only rediscovered, 7 feet underground and underneath a bakery, in the 1880s, by an amateur archaeologist. His findings were publicized by John Thomas Gilbert. Parts of the old adjoining walls can still be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="20184337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184337" title="Nicias of Nicaea">
Nicias of Nicaea

Nicias () of Nicaea, was a biographer and historian of ancient Greek philosophers. Nothing is known about his life, he may have lived in the 1st century BC or AD. He is repeatedly referred to by Athenaeus. His principal work seems to have been a "Successions" (), a history of the various schools of philosophy. Athenaeus also mentions a work "On the Philosophers" (), A third work, a "History of Arcadia" () is also referred to, but whether it is by this Nicias is unclear. 

</doc>
<doc id="20184349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184349" title="Dave Dexter, Jr.">
Dave Dexter, Jr.

Dave E. Dexter, Jr. (1915 – 1990) was an American music journalist, record company executive, and producer known primarily for his long association with Capitol Records. He worked with many important figures in jazz and traditional popular music, including Count Basie, Peggy Lee, Duke Ellington, and Frank Sinatra. He is also known for his role in packaging and sometimes altering the recordings of The Beatles for the American market.
Jazz and pop career.
Dexter was born and raised in Kansas City, Missouri. His career in music began in journalism, as he wrote about music for the "Kansas City Journal-Post" and then for "Down Beat" magazine in the late 1930s and early 1940s. During this time, he produced an album entitled "Kansas City Jazz" which documented his hometown's jazz scene, showcasing such talents as Count Basie, Lester Young, and Big Joe Turner.
In 1943, Dexter joined Capitol Records, established the previous year, initially writing press releases and doing other publicity work, but eventually rising to the position of A&R representative. Over the next three decades, he signed some of the biggest names in music to the label, including Frank Sinatra, Stan Kenton, Peggy Lee, Nat King Cole, Duke Ellington, Woody Herman and Kay Starr. He produced the first Dixieland recordings to reach the music charts, and was responsible for the landmark 1944 collection "The History of Jazz". He also compiled a series of world music albums, "Capitol of the World", and served as editor of the company's own publication, "Capitol News". His productions included the Duke Ellington classic "Satin Doll".
Dexter wanted the label to focus more on jazz than on rock and roll and hit singles. In a 1956 memo, he complained that the music business was being driven by the tastes of children, and derided current hits by such artists as Elvis Presley and Guy Mitchell as "juvenile and maddeningly repetitive."
The Beatles.
After 97% of Capitol stock was acquired by the British company EMI in 1955, Dexter was placed in charge of screening that company's releases to determine if they were suitable for American release. He rejected most, and Capitol gave little promotional support to those records from EMI that were released. When The Beatles were initially signed to EMI's Parlophone label and began to enjoy considerable success in Britain, Dexter turned down their initial releases, believing the group was not suitable for American audiences. In addition, no British pop group had previously had any noticeable, sustained success in the United States. He was finally persuaded to release "I Want To Hold Your Hand" - their fifth UK single - in late 1963.
Dexter oversaw The Beatles' American releases for the next several years, compiling the albums for the different needs of the American market, where albums tended to be shorter than their UK counterparts, and where hit singles were routinely included on albums rather than being considered separate as was then common in the UK. Dexter also remixed some of the recordings, frequently adding reverb and altering the stereo picture. The resulting albums achieved great success, but have often been criticized over the years; critic Dave Marsh, for example, referred to Dexter's treatment of the recordings as "genuine stupidity". The Dexter-produced versions of the Beatles canon were released on CD in the form of the box sets "The Capitol Albums, Volume 1" and "The Capitol Albums, Volume 2".
Later career.
Dexter left Capitol in the mid-1970s; he had been demoted in 1966 to, as he called it, "a job with no title". He subsequently wrote for "Billboard" magazine; he infamously wrote a highly critical article on John Lennon in the December 20, 1980, issue which featured tributes to Lennon following his 1980 murder. His piece, "Nobody's Perfect", resulted in threats of sponsor boycotts, prompting the magazine to publish an apology and a repudiation of sorts of the claims in Dexter's editorial in the following week's issue. He also produced a radio show entitled "Here's to Veterans" for the Veterans Administration. While with "Billboard", he published an autobiography, entitled "Playback"; his previous books included "Jazz Cavalcade" (1946) and "The Jazz Story, From the '90s to the '60s" (1964). He was a tireless supporter of younger musicians and wrote the liner notes for the Fullerton College Jazz Band's 1983 "Down Beat" award winning LP "Time Tripping" released on the Discovery/Trend Records AM-PM label by his long time friend Albert Marx.
Tributes.
Count Basie recorded "Diggin' For Dex" in Dexter's honor, while Jay McShann did likewise with "Dexter's Blues".
Death.
Dexter died in his sleep in his home in Sherman Oaks, California on April 19, 1990, at age 74. He had suffered a stroke a few years earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="20184359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184359" title="Vincenzo Zitello">
Vincenzo Zitello

Vicenzo Zitello (born 13 December 1956, Modena) is an Italian composer and harpist who specializes in Celtic music. He has released seven albums and composed music for the play "The Beat Generation".
Career.
Zitello is a composer, harpist, and concert artist, started studying music at a very early age, playing the transverse flute and the viola. The first person to spread and pioneer the Celtic harp in Italy, from 1976, he dedicates himself to his musical studies, taking part in Breton cultural and musical seminars held at the “Ti Kendalc'h” with Dominig Bouchaud and Mariannig Larc’hantec. In 1978 he forms the harp and oboe duet with "Roberto Mazza". In 1980 he specialised in the bardic harp and Celtic singing with "Alan Stivell". In 1985 he formed the duet “ASCIARA” with Saro Cosentino” and records a single produced by Franco Battiato and published by EMI, based on a traditional Irish piece sung in Gaelic, winning the “Vela D’Argento” in Riva Del Garda. In 1987 “Stile Libero” Virgin publishes his first album, “ET VICE VERSA”, entirely dedicated to compositions for the Celtic harp with metal strings. In 1988 he begins recording his second album, “KERIGMA”, published by Sony Music and presented at the “Premio Tenco” in Sanremo. In 1990, “Kerigma” is published in the USA, Canada and Australia by the recording label NARADA (Sona Gaia), under the title “Euphonia”. In 1994 his third album, “La Via”, is published by D.D.D./BMG Ariola. In 1995 he writes the music for the play “The Beat Generation”, bringing out a CD with the actor Massimo Arrigoni and, on the occasion of the tribute to Fernanda Pivano in Conegliano Veneto, he accompanies the poet Allen Ginsberg in his reading. In September 1995 he composes an ”Ave Maria” for Edizioni Paoline and presents it live, together with the singer Rossana Casale, in Loreto, in front of the Pope. The Ave Maria is included in a compilation of sacred music “Laudate Domini” published by C.G.D./Ed. In January 1996, the album “La Via” is published in Europe by the record company Live Music, distributed by B.M.G. Ariola under the title “SERENADE”. In 1998 he creates the CD entitled “AFORISMI D’ARPA”, published by R.T.I. MUSIC. At Easter 2000, the magazine Famiglia Cristiana publishes 200,000 copies of the CD “Musica Caeli Concerto per il Giubileo”, containing seven pieces of sacred music composed by Vincenzo Zitello and which, on various liturgical occasions, have been played in Saint Peter’s Square in Rome, in front of the Pope. In April 2001, the record company FELMAY publishes the live CD “CONCERTO” by the TRIO of Vincenzo Zitello. In April 2002, his first CD (from 1986) “ET VICE VERSA” is republished by the label FELMAY. In 2003 the Sound Library of Parma publishes a recording made in its studios in 1997, entitled “Ottoarmonico”. In 2005 the label TELENN publishes his sixth CD, “SOLO”, played entirely on the Celtic and bardic harps and distributed by ITUNE Store throughout the world. In 2007 he brings out his seventh album, “ATLAS”(label TELENN), sold online throughout the world by the Apple iTunes Store. In 2008 he contributes to Ivano Fossati's CD “Musica Moderna”, and in 2009 to Beppe Barra's CD “N'attimo”. In September 2009 he is awarded the Premio Benessere per la musica by the City of Ischia. In 2010 he collaborates with the classical harp class of the Conservatory of Parma, led by the teacher Emanuela Degli Esposti. In 2011 his eighth album “TALISMANO”(label TELENN) is published, dedicated to the bardic harp and with twelve original compositions.

</doc>
<doc id="20184372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184372" title="Yeni Yaşma">
Yeni Yaşma

Yeni Yaşma is a village and municipality in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,675. 

</doc>
<doc id="20184377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184377" title="Məşədi Həsən">
Məşədi Həsən

Məşədi Həsən is a village and municipality in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 313. 

</doc>
<doc id="20184386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184386" title="George Yankowski">
George Yankowski

George Edward Yankowski (born November 19, 1922) is a former professional baseball player. He was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball, appearing in six games for the Philadelphia Athletics during the 1942 Philadelphia Athletics season and twelve games for the Chicago White Sox during the 1949 Chicago White Sox season, primarily as a catcher. He served in the United States Navy during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20184402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184402" title="Təzəkənd, Khizi">
Təzəkənd, Khizi

Təzəkənd is a village in the municipality of Tıxlı in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20184408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184408" title="Türkoba, Khizi">
Türkoba, Khizi

Türkoba is a village in the municipality of Şuraabad in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20184420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184420" title="Sult, Albania">
Sult, Albania

Sult is a municipality in the Gramsh District, Elbasan County, central Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Mazrek, Dushk, Kukucov, Kuterqar, Sult, Zgjup Koder, Zgjup Fushë, Dufshan and Grekan.

</doc>
<doc id="20184441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184441" title="Jack Johnson (film)">
Jack Johnson (film)

Jack Johnson is a 1970 documentary film directed by Jim Jacobs about the American boxer Jack Johnson (1878–1946). It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 

</doc>
<doc id="20184453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184453" title="List of birds by common name">
List of birds by common name

In this list of birds by common name, a total of 9,721 bird species are recognised, belonging to a total 204 families.
Non-Passerines.
Penguins.
Baba penguin

</doc>
<doc id="20184469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184469" title="Monali Thakur">
Monali Thakur

Monali Thakur born November 3, 1985 in Kolkata, India) is an Indian playback singer and actress.
Biography.
Thakur comes from a musical family, her father Shakti Thakur is a renowned Bengali singer and her sister Mehuli Thakur Goswami is also a playback singer. She was trained in Hindustani classical music under Pandit Jagdish Prasad and Pandit Ajoy Chakraborty. She has learnt hip-hop and Bharatanatyam and is also a trained Salsa dancer.
Thakur got her start by singing in school and college competitions and performing at local functions, and received the Best Playback Singer award at the Anandalok Awards for the serial "Sri Ramkrishna" when she was 14. She rose to popularity after placing ninth in Indian Idol 2.
She had to struggle a lot hard even after Indian Idol to get a strong foothold in the music industry. Finally, she got an offer to sing for music director Pritam Chakraborty to sing two songs for the Bollywood film "Race" in 2008 - "Khwab Dekhe (Sexy lady)" and "Zara Zara Touch Me". She was originally scheduled for only one song, but her first recording impressed the film's directors Abbas - Mustan enough for them to book her a second. "Zara Zara Touch Me" was enormously successful, becoming the fourth-most-played song on Indian radio during the first half of 2008. She also got nominated for an IIFA Award for Best Female Playback and an Apsara Award for Best Female Playback Singer for the song "Zara Zara Touch Me".
She was a judge in the Bengali music reality show "Bengali Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Li'l Champs" for two years. She also appeared in the Bengali show "Key Hobe Biggest Fan" and was part of Coke Studio. She briefly dated Meiyang Chаng.
Monali won Filmfare best Female Playback singer award for song 'Sawaar Loon' from the film 'Lootera' for year 2013 ( on 24 th Jan 2014)
Acting.
As a child, she appeared in a Bengali television soap, "Aalokito ek Indu", in which she played the lead role Indubala. It was followed by a couple of telefilms, including Sudeshna Roy's "Phagune Agun" in which she was seen as Ruman. She made her acting debut in Raja Sen's Bengali film "Krishnakanter Will", in which she played the role of Bhromor. In 2014, she will make her Bollywood debut in Nagesh Kukunoor's "Lakshmi". The film is about human trafficking and child prostitution and Thakur plays a 15 year old girl who gets trapped in it. She will also be seen in Abbas Tyrewala's multistarrer "Mango".

</doc>
<doc id="20184473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184473" title="Tunjë">
Tunjë

Tunjë is a municipality in the Gramsh District, Elbasan County, central Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Tunjë, Tunjë e Re, Duzhe, Jance Qënder, Jance Mal, Prrenjas, Irmenj, Plepas, Katerlis, Oban], Sarasel and Lubinje.

</doc>
<doc id="20184479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184479" title="Chiricahua National Monument Historic Designed Landscape">
Chiricahua National Monument Historic Designed Landscape

Chiricahua National Monument Historic Designed Landscape is a historic district in Chiricahua National Monument. It is located near Willcox, Cochise County, southeastern Arizona. 
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 31, 2008.
It is the 18th property listed as a featured property of the week in a program of the National Park Service that began in July, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20184481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184481" title="Psilocybe cyanofibrillosa">
Psilocybe cyanofibrillosa

Psilocybe cyanofibrillosa also known as Rhododendron Psilocybe and Blue-Haired Psilocybe is a psilocybin mushroom of the Agaricales family having psilocybin and psilocin as main active compounds. First documented in 1980 in the Pacific Northwest, it is relatively uncommon and can be distinguished from other closely related species by its smaller spores and forking cheilocystidia.
"Psilocybe cyanescens" also has forking cheilocystidia, but less often than "Psilocybe cyanofibrillosa". "Psilocybe cyanofibrillosa" is also distinguished from "Psilocybe cyanescens" by an absence of pleurocystidia . 
The name of this species refers to the fibrils on the stipe that turn bluish in age, or when handled.
This species is closely related to "Psilocybe subfimetaria".
Description.
"Psilocybe cyanofibrillosa" has a farinaceous smell and taste.
Pileus.
The Pileus is 1.4–3.5 cm in diameter and conic to convex to broadly convex then becoming flat in age. It is not usually umbonate. The pileus is deep chestnut brown and hygrophanous, fading to yellowish brown or grayish white when dry. The surface is viscid when moist from the separable gelatinous pellicle.
Gills.
The gills are adnate to adnexed to slightly subdecurrent in age. It is light grayish, becoming purplish brown with age while the edges remain whitish.
Spores.
"Psilocybe cyanofibrillosa" spores are purplish brown in deposit, subellipsoid in shape, and (9)9.5–11(12) x (5.5)6–6.6(7) µm.
Stipe.
The stipe is 3–8 cm long and 0.5 cm thick. It has an equal structure only enlarging near the base. The stipe is striate, pallid to yellow brown with fine fibrils that stain blue when handled. The stipe has a cortina that sometimes leaves a fragile annular zone. White rhizomorphs are at the base. The flesh is brownish and bruises bluish to indigo-black.
Microscopic features.
"Psilocybe cyanofibrillosa" basidia each produce four spores, and rarely only two spores. The cheilocystidia are fusiform to lanceolate and 22–33 x 5.5–7 µm, with an elongated, forking neck and are 1–1.5 µm thick at its apex. Pleurocystidia are absent in "Psilocybe cyanofibrillosa".
Habitat and formation.
"Psilocybe cyanofibrillosa" is found growing scattered to gregarious, from September to December from Northern California to British Columbia, Canada. It is found in soils enriched with deciduous wood debris, among bush lupines, in Alder and Willow wood chips and bark mulch, Fir sawdust, in coastal regions, in rhododendron gardens and nurseries, and in flood plains in river estuaries.
Chemistry.
Both psilocybin and psilocin (0.05 mg per gram dry weight and 1.4 mg per gram psilocin) were detected by Beug and Bigwood

</doc>
<doc id="20184485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184485" title="Ray Yochim">
Ray Yochim

Raymond Austin Aloysius Yochim (July 19, 1922 – January 26, 2002) was a professional baseball pitcher. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball with the St. Louis Cardinals. He pitched one game during the 1948 St. Louis Cardinals season and three games during the 1949 St. Louis Cardinals season.
Yochim had an extensive career in minor league baseball. He began his professional career in 1941 with the Springfield Cardinals, and moved his way up in the Cardinals' organization over that year and 1942. After missing the 1943-45 seasons while serving in World War II, he returned to the Rochester Red Wings in 1946-47. After his brief major league career, he continued to play in the minor leagues until 1958, when he served as player-manager of the New Orleans Pelicans.

</doc>
<doc id="20184489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184489" title="Batteries Not Included (TV series)">
Batteries Not Included (TV series)

Batteries Not Included was a British comedy programme showcasing the world's strangest gadgets. It was broadcast on Dave who commissioned the show. It was made by independent production company Liberty Bell. John Cleese hosted with Phill Jupitus narrating. The programme featured a rotating panel of contributing celebrities (mainly comedians) who tested out the gadgets and brought on their own favourite gadgets to discuss.

</doc>
<doc id="20184490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184490" title="List of U.S. biological weapons topics">
List of U.S. biological weapons topics

The United States had a biological weapons program from 1943 until 1969. Today, the nation is a member of the Biological Weapons Convention and has renounced biological warfare.

</doc>
<doc id="20184495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184495" title="Pork pie (disambiguation)">
Pork pie (disambiguation)

A pork pie is a type of meat pie.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20184510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184510" title="Max Holden">
Max Holden

William Holden Maxwell (professionally known as Max Holden) (1884–1949) was a Scottish-born American vaudeville performance artist and magician.
Early life.
The son of a cabinetmaker,
William Holden Maxwell was born on the twentieth of August, 1884 at Glasgow, Scotland. Maxwell had an early interest in magic and while still in his teens placed a classified ad as Max Holden in the publication "Magic: The Magicians Monthly Magazine", asking for information on magic tricks and juggling. Around this time Maxwell was learning his craft as an apprentice to British magician David Devant before striking out on his own as a magician and juggler touring the Moss Empires circuit in Great Britain. 
In 1905 Maxwell chose to immigrate to America where he took up residence in Boston, Massachusetts. The following year he was joined by his parents, Samuel and Mary along with his brother John May Maxwell (1889–1967). In America Samuel Maxwell was able to apply his trade as a cabinetmaker at a furniture factory in nearby Revere while John eventually became a patternmaker for Hunt-Spiller manufacturing in Boston. In 1915 William Maxwell became a naturalized citizen of the United States of America.
Career.
In time Maxwell (as Max Holden) became successful performing his magic act in America on the Keith-Albee-Orpheum and Marcus Loew circuits. He was known for his Shadowgraphy shows that he improved in 1914 with an invention of his own that added an array of colors onto the shadowgraph screen. Maxwell would go on to spend a number of years touring abroad and was said to have crossed the Atlantic some eighty-six times over his near quarter century career. 
In 1929 Maxwell retired from the stage and with the help of fellow magician, Lewis Davenport, opened a magic shop in Manhattan with later branches in Philadelphia and Boston. The Max Holden's Magic Shop on 42nd Street soon became a Mecca for professional and amateur magicians interested in honing their art and exchanging new ideas.
The magic community was outraged when in 1933 Camel Cigarettes ran a series of magazine advertisements with the tag line “It’s Fun to be Fooled, But It’s More Fun to Know”, that revealed to the public how magicians performed certain illusions. Maxwell's involvement in the ad campaign did not become known until sometime after his death in 1949.
Marriage.
Maxwell married Elizabeth “Tess”, possibly a British national, on May 3, 1921, at Waterbury, Connecticut and the following year became the father of a son, William Jr., who was born in Melbourne during their tour of Australia. Over the early years of their marriage Tess performed on stage with Maxwell as half of the team of "Holden and Graham". This billing predates their marriage by a number of years and may reflect the name of a previous spouse or partner. Public records and family history indicate that Maxwell was widowed some time before 1915 and may have been married briefly before his marriage to Tess.
Death.
William Holden Maxwell died on July 3, 1949, after a long illness at South Nassau Communities Hospital in Oceanside, New York. He was survived by his wife and son. William Holden Maxwell Jr. died in Massachusetts on January 9, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20184519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184519" title="Baldersby railway station">
Baldersby railway station

Baldersby railway station was a railway station serving the village of Baldersby in North Yorkshire, England. It was located on a line from Melmerby, north of Ripon, to Thirsk on the East Coast Main Line.
History.
Opened by the Leeds and Thirsk Railway, it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923.The line then passed on to the Eastern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed by the British Transport Commission
The site today.
The old trackbed peters out in a field and nothing remains of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20184521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184521" title="Crepidotus">
Crepidotus

Crepidotus is a genus of fungi in the family Crepidotaceae. Species of "Crepidotus" all have small, convex to fan-shaped sessile caps and grow on wood or plant debris. The genus has been studied extensively, and monographs of the North American, European and Neotropical species have been published.
"Crepidotus" means "cracked ear".
Description.
Members of this genus are small, convex to fan-shaped, and sessile. Species have cheilocystidia Spore prints are yellow-brown to brown. All species of "Crepidotus" are known to be secondary decomposers of plant matter; most are saprobic on wood. Little is known about the ebility of various species; the usually small and insubstantial specimens discourage mycophagy.
Taxonomy.
Elias Magnus Fries first circumscribed "Crepidotus" in 1821 as a tribe in the genus "Agaricus", although he later (1836–1838) revised his concept. In 1857, Staude elevated Tribus "Crepidotus" to a genus, with "Agaricus mollis" (Schaeff) as the type species. Early descriptions of the genus contained between six and forty-six species, depending on the author.
In 1947, Rolf Singer wrote a monograph about the genus, and unlike prior treatments, used microscopic characters to help delineate infrageneric (i.e., below genus-level classification) relationships. Based on his revisions, the genus included 30 species. Soon after, Pilát (1950) extended Singer's monograph, including additional species to bring the total species to 75. However, many of his "Crepidotus" taxa would later be transferred to other genera. Currently, approximately 150 species are widely accepted, although many more have been described.
Phylogeny.
Modern phylogenetic analysis using sequencing data from the 28S rRNA gene region shows that "Crepidotus" is monophyletic, and that Singer's original concept for the genus may be too narrowly defined. This research showed that a natural evolutionary lineage results if some "Pleurotellus" species and several taxa formerly aligned with "Melanomphalia" are included in the generic description.
Distribution.
"Crepidotus" species are cosmopolitan in distribution, and are well-documented from the Northern temperate and South American regions.
Species list.
Historically, many species of "Crepidotus" have been described due to differences in single morphological character traits. Phylogenetic analysis is showing that these morphological differences are often due to phenotypic plasticity — species may adapt to different environments by assuming variations in growth forms. Recent taxonomic revisions have shown that several species formerly considered unique are conspecific. Further study is required to more accurately delineate infrageneric relationships in this taxa.

</doc>
<doc id="20184530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184530" title="Pishaj">
Pishaj

Pishaj is a municipality in the Gramsh District, Elbasan County, central Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20184557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184557" title="Mehfil Magazine">
Mehfil Magazine

Mehfil Magazine is a Canadian based South Asian lifestyle magazine, launched in 1993 by brothers Rana and Minto Vig. The magazine has over 30,000 subscribers.

</doc>
<doc id="20184560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184560" title="Bill Yohe">
Bill Yohe

William Clyde Yohe (September 2, 1878 - December 24, 1938) was a professional baseball player. He played one season in Major League Baseball for the Washington Senators for 21 games during the 1909 Washington Senators season, primarily as a third baseman.

</doc>
<doc id="20184567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184567" title="Kushovë">
Kushovë

Kushovë is a municipality in the Gramsh District, Elbasan County, central Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Kushovë, Bregas, Gjeraqine, Dumberas, Brasnik, Ulove, Sotire and Kerpice.

</doc>
<doc id="20184591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184591" title="Siamese coup d'état of 1947">
Siamese coup d'état of 1947

The Siamese coup d'état of 1947 (Thai: รัฐประหาร 8 พฤศจิกายน พ.ศ. 2490) was a Thai coup d'état that happened on the evening of 7 November 1947, ending in the early hours of the morning on 8 November. The coup ousted the government of Rear Admiral Thawan Thamrong Nawasawat, who was replaced by Khuang Aphaiwong as Prime Minister of Thailand. The coup was led by Lieutenant-General Phin Chunhawan and Colonel Kat Katsongkhram.
Background.
On August 1, 1944, as the Allies were winning the Second World War, the pro-Japanese strongman Field Marshal Plaek Phibunsongkhram was forced by parliament to resign his premiership. He was replaced by Khuang Aphaiwong, a civilian who had the backing of Pridi Phanomyong, regent for the absent King Ananda Mahidol and head of the Seri Thai underground resistance. For the next three years civilian cabinets, led behind the scenes by Pridi, governed the kingdom.
For a brief while the various elements of the anti-Phibun coalition - Pridi and his supporters in the bureaucracy, politicians from the north-east, and conservative royalists - retained their unity. All hoped to see constitutional government succeed, and all feared a resurgence of the military. Having established a civilian government, Khuang resigned in August 1945 to make way for a better qualified person to negotiate with the allies. The most obvious choice was the leader of the American-based Seri Thai, Seni Pramot, who Pridi invited to become prime minister.
In January 1946, Seni resigned and asked for the dissolution of parliament to pave the way for elections. Khuang and his new royalist allies were elected to power. But because Pridi chose to support Direk Chaiyanam as his personal candidate, Khuang included none of the former regent's allies in his cabinet, but placed many of his opponents, including Seni. Pridi's followers immediately sought revenge, continually harassing the government, further intensifying the bitterness between themselves and the conservatives. Within six weeks Khuang abruptly resigned, forcing Pridi to reluctantly step in and risk his personal prestige. Up until the resignation of his wartime ally, Pridi had enjoyed the prestige of his position as a senior statesman without having to involve himself in everyday politics. Pridi's failure to control inflation tarnished his reputation for competence, while official corruption bedevilled his governments.
On the June 9, 1946, the 20 year-old King Ananda Mahidol, who had restored popularity to the monarchy, was found dead in his bedroom with a gunshot to the head. Khuang, Seni, and the royalists who dominated their newly formed Democrat Party were quick to blame Pridi, spreading the rumour that the prime minister and his supporters had assassinated the monarch for their own political purposes and possibly to establish a republic. Conservative newspapers criticised the government for failing to protect the monarchy, provoking Pridi to use repressive measures: he declared a state of emergency, censored newspapers, and arrested two editors and two opposition MPs.
In an attempt to preserve his political influence, Pridi resigned on August 21, 1946. He was replaced five days later by Rear Admiral Thamrong, who would serve as Pridi's front man.
Prelude.
Rear Admiral Thamrong’s government was soon engulfed in scandals.
Thamrong privately confided to US Ambassador Edwin F. Stanton that the evidence gathered during investigations of the regicide implicated King Bhumibol in his late King's murder. In a declassified US State Department memo, Ambassador Stanton noted:
Luang Thamrong said speaking quite confidentially the evidence which was accumulated while he was Prime Minister tended to implicate the present young King, but that he would never have dared to hint by any official action that such was the case.
Luang Thamrong noted that Bhumibol would probably abdicate if it was revealed that he was involved in the regicide and that this would cause "confusion and wild intrigue". Those next in the line of succession to the throne, Prince Chumphot Paribatra and Prince Phanuphan Yukhon, were both unpopular and he thought they would probably not be able to ascend to the throne. Luang Thamrong doubted whether the murder would ever be cleared up inasmuch as he felt Siam could not dispense with the monarchy.
Thamrong's government was also faced with charges of corruption, stemming from a government program to hand out free shovels and spades to rural farmers. The farming equipment brought and handed out was sub-standard; leading to charges of corruption and embezzlement by the public. The scandal became known as the “Eating from shovels Scandal” (Thai:กินจอบกินเสียม). This many other scandals led to the debate (which lasted for seven days and seven nights) and a vote of no confidence, all called for by the Democrats, Thamrong survived it.
When asked by a journalist the Prime Minister joked that he was: “already sleeping for a coup” (Thai: "ก็นอนรอการปฏิวัติอยู่แล้ว"), confident at the time that he had the backing of the Military: especially the entire Army behind him, he was wrong.
The Plotters.
The coup was led by Lieutenant General Phin Choonhavan and Colonel Kard Kardsonggram. Other members of the group were: Police General Phao Sriyanond (Thai: เผ่า ศรียานนท์), Colonel Sarit Dhanarajata (Thai: สฤษดิ์ ธนะรัชต์), Colonel Thanom Kittikachorn (Thai: ถนอม กิตติขจร), and Lieutenant Colonel Praphas Charusathien (Thai: ประภาส จารุเสถียร), Captain Chatichai Choonhavan (Thai: ชาติชาย ชุณหะวัณ) (the leader’s son). They called themselves the "National Soldier’s Committee" (Thai: คณะทหารแห่งชาติ).
The Coup.
The plotters planned the coup to begin at 5:00 a.m. on the 8 November, however their plot was discovered days earlier by the Commander-in-Chief of the Army. Who in an effort to thwart the attempt ordered all senior officers to report for duty at the Army Headquarters instantly. The plotters therefore changed their plans decided to begin their operations at about 11:00 p.m. on the 7 November instead.
They started by sending a squadron of tanks to Amphorn Gardens (Thai: สวนอัมพร) near the centre of government. They immediately arrested Prime Minister Thamrong and held him hostage. Another tank squadron went to search for Pridi. After arriving at his riverside residence they found that he has escaped (he was told of the plot beforehand by an informant), and all that was left were his wife and children, they were all arrested. Unbeknownst to them, Pridi was hiding under the protection of Admiral Luang Sinthusongkramchai (Thai: หลวงสินธุสงครามชัย) the C-in-C of the Navy at his base.
On the morning of the 8 November, General Choonhavan read out a declaration to the press and broadcast by radio; laying out to the people the plotter’s reasoning. They stated they were right to remove the government due to: the fact that the people were suffering under high prices and the general lack of foods and goods. This they considered a grievous lack of morals on the government’s behalf. Finally they reckoned that the government was unable to solve the problem and must be removed by force. During the speech he cried profusely and was dubbed sarcastically by the press as the “Hero of tears” (Thai: วีรบุรุษเจ้าน้ำตา), or the “Crying patriot” (Thai: บุรุษผู้รักชาติจนน้ำตาไหล). 
The National Soldier’s Committee then called out Khuang, the Leader of the Opposition to take over as Prime Minister; he took the position on 12 November (He became Prime Minister for the 3rd time). The Committee on the other hand set up their own legislative assembly called the "Council of Ministers of the Assembly" (Thai: คณะรัฐมนตรีสภา), they made a deal with Khaung that as longs as he stayed out of their business, they would stay out of his. 
On the 25 November 1947, Prince Rangsit of Chainant the Regent of Siam signed a provisional charter or the Constitution of 1947. King Bhumibol, who was studying in Lausanne, Switzerland at the time endorsed him.
On the 29 January 1948 elections were held in which Khuang and his party won the majority of the votes and seats in the new Assembly, later Khuang was confirmed as Prime Minister. However on the 6 April, the Committee under the leadership of Kardsonggram forced Khuang to resign his post. They instead invited Field Marshal Phibul to return to the post. He became Prime Minister for the second time on 8 April 1948.
Legacy.
The most obvious legacy of the coup was of course the reinstatement of Field Marshal Phibul and his dictatorship. The coup also increased the role of the Army, and gave them a perfect example of how to carry out coups in the future. For from now under the pretext of saving the nation the Military was allowed, using the same or similar excuses to topple any democratic government they please. Like so many coups before or since the event elicited little response from the populace. The Democrat Party remained in opposition till 1975. While Phibul would resume his dictatorship, and rule until 1957. The plotters from then on were known as; the Coup Group.
The coup inadvertently led to the draft and signing of the 1949 Constitution. The most Royalist constitution to date, it gave the monarchy back almost all of its powers that were taken away by the 1932 Revolution. 
The coup also brought an end to Pridi’s career and any dreams his supporters might have of him resuming the Premiership. On the 20 November 1948 Pridi was spirited out of the country by British and American agents never to return to Thailand, he died in Paris, France in 1983,aged 83.
The coup was also a stepping-stone for many individuals, whose names would later become common in the politics of Thailand as a result of their participation in the coup. They would all become Prime Ministers and two of them would go on to one day lead a coup of their own. They were: Sarit Dhanarajata, Thanom Kittikachorn, and Chatichai Choonhavan.

</doc>
<doc id="20184605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184605" title="Skënderbegas">
Skënderbegas

Skënderbegas is a municipality in the Gramsh District, Elbasan County, central Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Skënderbegas, Shemberdhenj, Zenelas, Narte, Harunas, Bletez, Fushez, Kullollas, Vidhan, Ermenj, Kotke, Lemnush and Siman.

</doc>
<doc id="20184612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184612" title="St. Julien's, Newfoundland and Labrador">
St. Julien's, Newfoundland and Labrador

St. Julien's is a small fishing community on the eastern shores of the Great Northern Peninsula on the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian Province of Newfoundland and Labrador. The community is accessible via an unpaved road, Route 438, which branches off Route 432 near the community of Main Brook.
Near the community is an abandoned copper mine which has since been re-discovered with potential new mining quantities.

</doc>
<doc id="20184620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184620" title="List of longest-ruling non-royal national leaders since 1900">
List of longest-ruling non-royal national leaders since 1900

This list details national leaders since 1900 who ruled for 30 years or more, and were not self-described royalty. It also combines all national leader level offices held concurrently or consecutively by each individual.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20184624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184624" title="Kodovjat">
Kodovjat

Kodovjat is a municipality in the Gramsh District, Elbasan County, central Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Kodovjat, Bratilë, Bulcar, Kishte, Kokel, Posnovisht, Shelcan, Bersnik i Poshtëm, Bersnik i Sipërm, Mashan and Broshtan.

</doc>
<doc id="20184628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184628" title="Say Goodbye (film)">
Say Goodbye (film)

Say Goodbye is a 1971 American documentary film about the relationship between man and nature, directed by David H. Vowell. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
It was narrated by poet Rod McKuen, and sponsored by the Ralston-Purina Corporation for its initial broadcast. The theme song, "Say Goodbye," was composed and performed by Dory Previn. The show depicted the plight of various animal species at the hands of man and his influence. Some segments included the clubbing of seals on the Pribilof Islands, the effect of DDT on brown pelican populations in Texas, and the plight of severely endangered animals. 
In one segment, various species were shown, with the narration reciting how many animals were left in the world. Included were black footed ferrets, prairie chickens, and many more. One was the Japanese Crested Ibis. A small flock of the bright white birds was seen from overhead against the backdrop of a beautiful, verdant forest. The narrator said, "there are 11 left in the world; you are seeing eight of them." In the decades since, a Chinese effort to preserve the species has resulted in about a fifteen-fold increase in their population. 

</doc>
<doc id="20184641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184641" title="Charlie Young (baseball)">
Charlie Young (baseball)

Charles Young (January 12, 1893 – May 12, 1952) nicknamed "CY", was a professional baseball pitcher. He played for one season in Major League Baseball, appearing in 9 games for the Baltimore Terrapins of the Federal League during the 1915 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20184642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184642" title="Pont d'Aël">
Pont d'Aël

The Pont d'Aël is a Roman aqueduct bridge in the village of the same name, in the comune of Aymavilles, in Aosta Valley, Italy. The bridge, constructed in 3 BC, carried water for the agricultural lands of the newly founded colony "Augusta Prætoria Salassorum" (today: Aosta) across a side valley, 66 m above the bottom. It belonged to a sophisticated, 6 km long aqueduct, running along the steep cliffs of the valley. The originally three-story structure featured a roofed control corridor; notably, it was privately financed. Today, the Pont d'Aël carries a hiking trail.
Besides the Pont d'Aël, two other Roman bridges in the Aosta valley are still intact: the Pont-Saint-Martin in the town of the same name and the Pont de Pierre in Aosta. 
__NOTOC__
Bridge inscription.
Completed:

</doc>
<doc id="20184671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184671" title="Turmstraße">
Turmstraße

Turmstraße ("Tower street") is a main street in the Berlin district of Moabit.
The street runs along the "Kleine Tiergarten" park, and past the Moabit courthouse.
Turmstrasse is also the name of an U-Bahn stop on the U9.
Moabit Courthouse and Moabit Hospital are located over here, as shown in the images on the right.

</doc>
<doc id="20184681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184681" title="Jeremy Gardiner">
Jeremy Gardiner

Jeremy Gardiner is a modern British artist. He was born in Purbeck and was educated at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne and the Royal College of Art. He is a Professor at Birkbeck College, University of London and Senior Research Fellow on the AHRC funded project Computer Art and Technocultures at Birkbeck and the Victoria and Albert Museum. He is a former Harkness Fellow of the Media Lab of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He has exhibited in major museums and galleries worldwide and in 1987 received a New York foundation for the Arts Foundation fellowship and in 1988 an honorary mention for his work from Priz Ars Electronica. In 2002 he was awarded a NESTA grant and in 2003 won the Peterborough Art prize for his interactive and immersive virtual artwork ‘Purbeck Light Years’. He was a founding member of the computer graphics department at Pratt Institute of Art and Design in New York and Director of CyberArts at the New World School of the Arts in Miami. 
His paintings are renowned for their engagement with the landscape and geology of the South Coast of England, in particular Dorset, and continue the modernist spirit of artists such as John Tunnard, Ben Nicholson and Peter Lanyon. He has an exhibition at Pallant House Gallery in Chichester called 'Jeremy Gardiner: A Panoramic Vision' (13 March - 31 May 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="20184686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184686" title="Sand Springs (disambiguation)">
Sand Springs (disambiguation)

Sand Springs can be:

</doc>
<doc id="20184689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184689" title="Jersey Airways">
Jersey Airways

Jersey Airways was an airline that operated air services to and from the Channel Islands from 1933 until 1947, when it became part of British European Airways.
History.
Jersey Airways Limited was formed by W L Thurgood on 9 December 1933. The first commercial service took place on 18 December, with a passenger service from Jersey to Portsmouth. In the absence of a proper airport, the aircraft used St. Aubin's beach at West Park, St. Helier, and the airline had its maintenance base at Portsmouth Airport, (moving to Southampton Airport in 1935).
On Sunday, 28 January 1934, the first flights began from Heston (with a special bus connection from London) to Jersey, in March 1934 flights began from Southampton, and during summer 1934, a service was operated to Paris. In its first full year, Jersey Airways carried 20,000 passengers, using a fleet of eight DH.84 Dragons, each capable of carrying eight passengers.
On 1 December 1934, Channel Islands Airways was registered as a holding company for Jersey Airways Ltd. and its subsidiary Guernsey Airways Ltd. which had been formed a week earlier.
Shares were bought by the Great Western Railway and the Southern Railway. This allowed expansion, and in 1935, six four-engined DH.86s and two DH.89 Dragon Rapides were introduced, to replace the Dragons. On 8 January 1935, a service began to Rennes, in France, although on 29 March 1935 it ceased. In April 1936, a Plymouth-Jersey service began, and in 1938 to Exeter, Dinard and Shoreham.
Jersey Airport opened on 10 March 1937, and Jersey Airways was able to operate a fixed timetable that no longer depended on the state of the tides. This also meant the company obtained the mail-carrying contract, freight traffic increased, and night flights could begin.
Meanwhile, in Guernsey, things were at a less advanced stage, and most air services were those by flying boats and amphibians. Guernsey Airways was very much smaller than its sister company in Jersey. Two Saro flying boats were used: Windhover (G-ABJP) and Saro Cloud (G-ABXW), named "Cloud of Iona". In May 1939, Guernsey's new airport was opened. On 8 May 1939, Guernsey Airways began a service to Southampton, using a DH.86A (G-ADVK) and a DH.86B (G-AENR), later joined by a DH.95 Flamingo (G-AFUF). In June 1939, the prototype Flamingo (G-AFUE) was evaluated by Jersey Airways, but further orders for the type were frustrated by world events.
At the outbreak of war on 3 September 1939, flights to the Channel Islands ceased. In November 1939, services resumed from Shoreham, under the direction of National Air Communications. On 13 June 1940, all scheduled air services between the United Kingdom and the Channel Islands were suspended. The following day, Jersey Airways began flying its staff and equipment to the United Kingdom mainland, and on 18–19 June 1940, the DH.86 fleet was used to evacuate 320 islanders to the mainland, before German forces occupied the islands on 1 July 1940. One DH.86 (G-ADVK) was on overhaul at Jersey at the time, and was abandoned; the rest of the fleet was impressed into RAF service.
Following the liberation of the islands in 1945, Channel Islands Airways resumed scheduled services in June 1945, using ex-RAF DH.89A Dragon Rapides. Jersey Airways and Guernsey Airways flights then terminated at Southampton and at Croydon. In May 1946, a Bristol 170 Wayfarer (G-AGVB) was loaned to Channel Islands Airways.
In 1947, the British government nationalised the UK airlines, including Jersey Airways, to form British European Airways (BEA). The Channel Islands authorities resisted this move, feeling that it was unacceptable to be dictated to by the British Government, who had no legal jurisdiction over the islands. However it was made plain that flights from the Channel Islands would not otherwise be allowed to land in England, and consequently on 1 April 1947, the airline staff, the eight Dragon Rapides and their routes all became parts of BEA.

</doc>
<doc id="20184690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184690" title="Lenie, Albania">
Lenie, Albania

Shënepremte, also known as Lenie is a municipality in the Gramsh District, Elbasan County, in central Albania. It comprises six villages:
Geography.
The commune is the southeastern most one of both Gramsh District and Elbasan County. It is surrounded by mountains, whereas the stream of Grabova, flowing east to west from Valamara mountain, into Devoll river, divides the area in two parts. To the north the commune borders with "Komjan mountain", in the south lies "Sogor mountain" (), to the east it borders with Valamara mountain and to the southeast with "Lenia mountain". The whole region slopes gradually down to the Devoll valley in the western part. Archaeological evidences tell the region was inhabited from ancient times. It is possible to visit the ruins of a medieval castle of the 14th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20184700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184700" title="J. Donald Millar">
J. Donald Millar

John Donald Millar is a physician and public health administrator who rose to prominence as the director of the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health from 1981 through 1993.
Education.
Donald Millar was born February 27, 1934, in Newport News, Virginia, to Dorothea (née Smith) and John Millar. Donald attended the University of Richmond, earning a B.S. in chemistry in 1956. He continued his education at the Medical College of Virginia. In 1957 he married Joan Phillips, and two years later he completed his M.D. He completed his residency at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City. Millar began working for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in 1961. Beginning in 1963 he directed CDC's Smallpox Eradication Program and its predecessors, an effort he led until 1970. In 1966, he was awarded a D.T.P.H. (Lond.)—a degree equivalent to a Master's of Public Health degree in the United States—from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine.
Early career.
Millar began working for the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health under then-director John Finklea. Finklea was the Institute's second director. Since taking over the head spot in 1975 from Dr. Marc M. Jestin, Finklea had tried to change the Institute's direction, taking a more aggressive approach than Jestin had. Finklea began to feel pressure to resign from stakeholders inside and outside of the organization. He resigned abruptly in March, 1978, which left Millar as NIOSH's acting director. Millar held the post, sorting out conflicts within the Institute, until Anthony Robbins was appointed director 1979. Following Robbins's appointment, Millar was hired as the director of the National Center for Environmental Health (NCEH). He served in that capacity until Robbins resigned in 1981. Millar was appointed in his place as director of NIOSH, a position he held until 1993.
NIOSH Director.
In his more than decade as director of NIOSH, Millar established the Institute as a mature organization. He expanded NIOSH's focus beyond chemical hazards, an area which had consumed the attention of his predecessors. He led studies concerning such varied topics as vibration syndrome (caused by vibrating tools such as pneumatic hammers and gasoline chain saws); electrocution from metal ladders being too near power lines; and occupational fatalities in confined spaces. His approach to occupational safety was typified by his manner of addressing tractor rollovers, which he referred to as an "occupational obscenity". He advocated the use of a rollover protective structure (ROPS) on every tractor in use, saying, "There is no scientific excuse for the persistence of this problem. This is something we know how to prevent".
In addition to his work at NIOSH, Millar chaired the executive committee of the National Toxicology Program (NTP) from 1989 to 1993. He maintained an adjunct professorship of occupational and environmental health at the Rollins School of Public Health at Emory University in Atlanta (1988–1998). He served on a panel of occupational health experts for the World Health Organization, and he continued his efforts to eradicate smallpox.
For his work, Dr. Millar has been twice honored with the Distinguished Service Medal (1983 and 1989), highest honor bestowed by the United States Public Health Service. He was named Honorary Fellow of the Faculty of Occupational Medicine, Royal College of Physicians, London (U.K.). He received the William S. Knudsen Award from the American College of Occupational and Environmental Medicine for "outstanding contributions to occupational medicine." In 1993, Millar was given the William Steiger Memorial Award from the American Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists, the Health Watch Award for "outstanding contributions toward improving the health of minority populations", and the Surgeon General's Medallion for "exceptional skill and fortitude."
Workplace health consultant.
Millar retired from NIOSH and the US Public Health Service with the rank of Rear Admiral in 1993, turning his directorship over to Linda Rosenstock. He started a consulting company in 1993, Don Millar & Associates, Inc., in Murrayville, GA. As president of the company, Millar provided his services in the occupational and environmental health industry. He chaired several scientific panels and workshops, and served as vice chairman of the Public Health Policy Advisory Board (PHPAB), a Washington "think-tank" fostering science-based public health policy. He also served on editorial and advisory boards of the American Journal of Industrial Medicine, the American Journal of Preventive Medicine, and the Journal of Occupational Health Psychology.
Personal.
Millar is an accomplished musician and has been a part of the DeKalb Symphony Orchestra, Gainesville, GA; the Truett-Mcconnell College Wind Symphony; and the Toccoa Symphony Orchestra. He enjoys sailing and is an amateur Civil War historian. He and Joan have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="20184702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184702" title="Dick Young (baseball)">
Dick Young (baseball)

Richard Ennis Young (born June 3, 1928) is a former professional baseball player. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball for the Philadelphia Phillies for two seasons, primarily as a second baseman. He played 15 games for the Phillies during the 1951 Philadelphia Phillies season and five games during the 1952 Philadelphia Phillies season.

</doc>
<doc id="20184714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184714" title="Greenville Presbyterian Church (New York)">
Greenville Presbyterian Church (New York)

The Greenville Presbyterian Church is located on NY 32 just north of its intersection with NY 81 in Greenville, New York, United States. Its three buildings on two acres were listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1985.
The church itself was established in 1790, the first non-Dutch church in the Catskill region. Its current building dates to 1860, and is a well-designed late example of the Greek Revival architectural style. The chapel and former school building, now part of the local library, were added in 1885 and 1906 respectively.
Church complex.
There are three buildings considered contributing properties to the NRHP listing. All are located on a strip of land along the west side of Route 32 just north of the Route 81 intersection in the center of Greenville. To the immediate west is property owned by the Town of Greenville, and Greenville High School.
Church.
The church itself is a one-and-a-half-story structure on a stone foundation sided in clapboard on all sides save the east-facing front, done in flush board. That facade has square pillars and a pediment topped by a three-story tower with a belfry and octagonal gold-colored spire with weathervane. The tower's three sections all feature corner pilasters and overhanging eaves. A small stained glass window looks out from the front of the base section.
Behind the pillars is the main entrance, framed by pilasters supporting a full entablature with another stained glass window above. On either side the double doors have a fluted Ionic column in front of a small window.Paneled corner pilasters support the gabled roof and its cornice, with a full entablature. Both north and south profiles are fenestrated with four stained glass windows, with an additional smaller one on the north. The rear has cornice returns and a single double-hung sash window in the gable. A brick chimney rises from the south side of the roof.
Inside, the vestibule is flanked by small rooms. In the nave, oak pews become curved toward the chancel. There, the dark oak pulpit is raised and flanked by similar balustrades on either side. Behind it is a large pedimented cornice with similar pilasters and columns to the entrance. The organ is located in the recess. At the rear of the church is a gallery and the stairs to the bell tower. The interior is lit with a chandelier over the pulpit and teardrop lights over the congregation. The ceiling is plaster with canted corners. On the side walls there is wainscoting and a molded entablature, with all the large windows having broad molded surrounds.
Chapel.
The chapel building, built a quarter-century later, is similar to the church, on a smaller scale. It is a one-story clapboard building on a stone block foundation with a shallow gabled roof and smaller belltower with tent roof. Its facade shows some Italianate influence such as an overhanging cornice with full entablature. The chapel's double-doored entrance is itself topped by a projecting cornice with scroll-sawn brackets and drop pendants.
Its rear has a small shed-roofed wing with windows and a door with small projecting gable. The interior of the chapel has been altered, but retains its original wainscoting and window surrounds.
Greenville Free Academy building.
The school building, newest of the three, is a square two-story building of similar materials with a pyramidal roof pierced by a brick chimney just south of the peak. It comes to exposed rafter ends at the roofline's overhanging eaves. The entrance is a reconstruction of the one on the previous school building, a porch with Doric columns supporting a full balustrade and a double-doored entrance with broad transom. The interior has been extensively renovated but still has its original tin-embossed ceiling on the first floor hall.
Aesthetics.
The Greek Revival style gained popularity in the 1820s with a nation that saw itself carrying on the classical ideals of freedom and democracy. By the 1850s it had run its course, with few new residential, commercial or public structures using it. But it remained popular for churches until the Civil War, and the Greenville church is a well-developed, sophisticated late application of the style, using the classical forms correctly and with a high degree of decoration.
The school building, now used as the town library and administrative offices, is also of some architectural note. While it typifies the rural school designs of the early 20th century, it is an unusually large example.
History.
The Greenville area, known originally as Freehold, was first prepared for settlement by Augustine Prevost, who received a patent from the British Crown in 1767 as a reward for his service during the French and Indian War. He built roads and mills, and continued to own the property through the Revolution. In the 1790s, his efforts paid off as a new wave of pioneers came to New York, the younger sons of New England farmers and their families.
Although there were already long-established communities along the Hudson River, the New Englanders avoided them as they were leery of the Dutch-descended inhabitants and their language, religion and customs. They organized their congregation in 1790, receiving a two-acre gift from Prevost that restricted the property's future use to educational and religious purposes. It was the first non-Dutch church in the Catskill region.
The original meeting house was built in 1793 on a site just to the northwest of the current church. In 1794 the congregation formally incorporated and called the Rev. Beriah Hotchkiss to be its pastor, and in 1796 it became affiliated with the Northern Association Presbytery. Four years later, at the turn of the century, a newer, larger meeting house was built. It was described as having "a lofty spire, a spacious gallery, unpainted box pews, and an octagonal pulpit supported by a lofty column". The original meeting house was bought and moved to a nearby site, going through several uses before it was eventually demolished.
In 1815 the educational aspect of the land gift was secured with the construction of the first Greenville Free Academy Building, the first free public school in Greene County. Nine years later the church formally became known as the Greenville Presbyterian Church when it joined the Synod of Albany.
The meeting hall was expanded and remodeled in 1845. At the beginning of 1859 that work was lost when it burned down. The current church was its replacement, although a marble commemorative plaque was not placed over the door until 1872. A quarter-century later, in 1885, its original mahogany pulpit was replaced along with its white pews. The chapel was built the same year to accommodate smaller functions such as prayer gatherings and meetings of the board of trustees.
The stained-glass windows were added to the church between 1904 and 1913. During that time, in 1906, the new school building was built. In 1930, the school became part of the new Greenville Central School District and was extensively renovated by the Presbyterian Society. The chapel was sold to the local American Legion post in 1938 and has since been used by them and a local Boy Scout troop.
The school building underwent further renovations to become the Greenville library in 1957. In 1975 the porch was remodeled to resemble the porch on the 1815 building. There have been no significant alterations to the property since.
External links.
Greene County Properties website

</doc>
<doc id="20184725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184725" title="Doriprismatica sedna">
Doriprismatica sedna

Doriprismatica sedna is a species of colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
Description.
The foot and mantle of this seaslug has three different colors at the border: white, red and yellow on the outer border. The tips of the rhinophores and the tips of the gills are red in color.
The maximum recorded length is 65 mm.
Distribution.
The indigenous distribution of "Doriprismatica sedna" is in the Eastern Pacific Ocean from the northern part of the Gulf of California south to the Galápagos Islands.
This species was introduced to the Western Atlantic Ocean and has become established in Southern Florida and the Bahamas. It also occurs in the Gulf of Mexico.
Habitat.
Minimum recorded depth is 1 m. Maximum recorded depth is 2 m.

</doc>
<doc id="20184729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184729" title="Belgium in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008">
Belgium in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008

Belgium chose their Junior Eurovision entry for 2008 through Junior Eurosong, a national final consisting of 10 songs split into two quarter-finals, a semi-final and a grand final. The winner of Junior Eurosong was Oliver Symons, with the song "Shut Up!".
Junior Eurosong 2008.
Junior Eurosong was the national final for Belgium at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008, organised by Belgian broadcaster Vlaamse Radio- en Televisieomroep (VRT).
A total of 548 songs were received by VRT for the contest, with only 10 being chosen to compete in the quarter-finals.
All four shows were hosted by Ben Roelants, while three judges were present to comment on each of the songs, as well as to pick the jury choices in the quarter-finals and semi-final. They were Stijn Kolacny, Pascale Platel and Andre Vermeulen.
Quarter-finals.
Ten songs competed - nine in Dutch and one in French - in the two semi-finals of Junior Eurosong 2008. Each quarter-final contained five songs, from which two televoting and one jury choice were chosen to proceed to the semi-final.
Semi-final.
The semi-final contained six songs chosen from the two semi-finals. Three televoting favourites were joined by one jury choice to proceed to the final. Oliver was chosen as the jury choice.
Final.
The final was held on 27 September, where the winner was decided to be Oliver with "Shut Up!"
At Eurovision.
At Junior Eurovision, Belgium performed in seventh position, before Bulgaria and after Georgia. The presentation of the Belgian song was changed. Three female dancers and drummer were introduced to the performance. Belgium placed in 11th position with 45 points; the highest of which was 10 points, which came from the Netherlands.
After Eurovision.
After the Flemish national final, Junior Eurosong, "Shut Up!" was released into the Flemish charts. Its peak in the charts was at #19.

</doc>
<doc id="20184735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184735" title="Alaska Wilderness Lake">
Alaska Wilderness Lake

Alaska Wilderness Lake is a 1971 documentary film produced by Alan Landsburg. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20184740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184740" title="South African Masters">
South African Masters

The Nashua Masters, as it is currently known for sponsorship reasons, is one of the most prestigious golf tournaments on the Sunshine Tour. It is currently played in November with a prize fund of 1.2 million rand, and since 2001, has been held at the Wild Coast Sun Country Club in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
The tournament has its roots in the South African Professional Match Play Championship, the running of which was taken over by the PGA of South Africa in 1957. At the same time the name was changed to the Dunlop Masters, and then three years later the format was changed to stroke play, and the current South African Masters was born.
The first event, at Houghton Golf Club in 1960, was won by Gary Player with an aggregate score of 266, a record that stood for 44 years. Player's total was equalled in 1970 by John Fourie, who remains the only amateur to claim the title. Andrew McLardy posted 264 at the Wild Coast resort in 2004 and Darren Fichardt holds the current mark of 263 set on the par-70 course in 2009.
The South African Masters, along with the South African Open and the South African PGA Championship form the Triple Crown. Winning all three titles in the same season is a feat only achieved by Bobby Locke, Gary Player and Ernie Els.
Winners.
"* - Event reduced to 54 holes in 1975"

</doc>
<doc id="20184746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184746" title="Kukur">
Kukur

Kukur is a municipality in the Gramsh District, Elbasan County, central Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Snosem, Sojnik, Mukaj, Irmath, Kalaj, Gribe, Vreshtas, Kukur, Rashtan and Grazhdan.

</doc>
<doc id="20184765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184765" title="Derek Pearson">
Derek Pearson

Derek Brooke Pearson (born 29 March 1937) is a former English cricketer who played first-class cricket from the mid-1950s until the early 1960s, taking over 200 wickets. He played all but two of his games for Worcestershire, who capped him in 1959; the others were for Combined Services.
Career.
Pearson's career was at times controversial. He was called for throwing in his second match in 1954, and in the opening match of the 1959 Indian tour, he was no-balled five times by umpire Syd Buller on the first day. He was no-balled again once in a County Championship match three weeks later, and then twice more in a match in 1960.
Pearson made his first-class debut for Worcestershire at Worcester against Cambridge University in June 1954, taking four wickets; his first victim was Colin Smith.
He played one more first-class match that summer, but none at all in 1955 and just two in each of 1956 and 1957. In that last year, both appearances were for Combined Services: Pearson was in the Royal Air Force, for whose team he had appeared in a minor match against his county in 1956.
Pearson's first-class career really began in 1958: that season he played 24 times for Worcestershire and collected 62 wickets at 22.22, twice managing five wickets in an innings. He was capped the following season, and repaid his county with his best season's aggregate: 79 wickets, taken at 25.69 apiece. That year too he achieved his career-best bowling performance, claiming 6–70 against Leicestershire,
picking up three more five-wicket hauls in the course of the season.
Pearson began 1960 as a first-team regular, and early in the year produced his best match figures, 11–145 against Glamorgan;
he also took nine wickets in the game against Oxford University.
He held his place until mid-season, but some disappointing figures then saw him drop into the Second XI, whence he did not re-emerge until August. He then played three County Championship games for a total return of just two wickets,
and was out of the side again by the end of the season, ending with only 45 wickets for the summer.
Except for an early (and wicketless) outing against the Australians, Pearson was confined to the Second XI for the first half of 1961. However, he took plenty of wickets for the seconds, and was restored to the first team in mid-August, playing Worcestershire's last five matches of the season. Sadly for him, his promotion was not successful: despite four wickets in his first game back, against Nottinghamshire,
he took only four more wickets in total. His career came to a quiet end against Sussex at Hove in early September, a game in which Pearson bowled just four overs.
After he retired from cricket he worked in the probation service, where "he became a national expert in divorce court liaison work".

</doc>
<doc id="20184778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184778" title="Harley Young">
Harley Young

Harlan Edward Young (September 28, 1883 – March 26, 1975) nicknamed "Cy the Third", was a professional baseball pitcher. He played for two Major League Baseball teams in 1908, eight games for the Pittsburgh Pirates and six games for the Boston Doves.

</doc>
<doc id="20184790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184790" title="Poroçan">
Poroçan

Poroçan is a municipality in the Gramsh District, Elbasan County, central Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Poroçan, Lleshan, Gjere, Kabash and Holtas.

</doc>
<doc id="20184801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184801" title="Tiesenhausen">
Tiesenhausen

Tiesenhausen is the name of a Baltic German nobility family. The origins of the family are in Lower Saxony. During the Baltic crusades they settled in Livonia in the first half of the 12th century. Bishops Albert of Riga and Herman of Tartu had a sister whose husband Engelbertus de Tisenhuse was the progenitor of the family in the Baltic. After some time in southern Livonia in the early stages of occupation, Engelbertus joined his brother-in-law bishop Herman to obtain the northern Livonian country of Ugaunia around Otepää and Tartu. It was Ugaunia where the family held its main early properties and positions. Engelbertus' son married a daughter of the castellan of Koknese in Latgale and through this marriage, the family claims descent from indigenous princes of the Latgalians. Some branches of Tisenhusen clan settled later to the Latvian Vidzeme holdings of Ergli and Berzaune. From the ancestral place of Ugaunia, sons of the family managed to obtain estates in other parts of Estonia, also so-called Danish Estonia and Osilia-Rotalia, both by services and by marriages. (Raplamaa was apparently a favorite place in northern Estonia for them to obtain estates.)
In Livonia they became one of the wealthiest and most important noble lineages between the 14th and 16th centuries. During the changeful history of Livonia several members of the family served under various suzerains, first under the Livonian Brothers of the Sword and the Teutonic Knights and later in Royal Polish ("Tyzenhauz"), Swedish and Tsarist Russian ("Tизенгаyзен family") service.

</doc>
<doc id="20184812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184812" title="Tracy Dali">
Tracy Dali

Tracy Dali (born September 17, 1966) is an American actress and model.
Dali was a cheerleader at University of Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="20184832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184832" title="Berdakh">
Berdakh

Berdakh, pseudonym of Berdimurat (son of Kargabai) (1827–1900), was a Karakalpak poet.
He was born in Karakalpakstan, in a remote village near modern-day Muynak. His father was a poor fisherman and his mother, who gave him the nickname Berdakh, died when he was 10 years old. His father also died while Berdakh was still a child, and so Berdakh became an orphan. Berdakh studied in a maktab and at the same time he grazed his fellow villagers' cattle. His brother helped him to go to Karakum madrasah, a Muslim religious school, but Berdakh dropped out from the school because of his freethinking poetry.
The young poet began to study folk poetry and narrative classical masterpieces of the East. His tutor, Kunkhoja, (1799–1880) who was famous for his folk poetry, helped him with his poetry. Ajinyaz, (1824–1878) another famous poet of that time, also played a significant role in Berdakh's life. For a long time Berdakh had to earn money playing the dutar at weddings. He sang his songs at weddings and different festive occasions. His songs were about the fate of a deprived man whose life was very hard. His most famous poem, "Tsar Samodur", shows his life and poetic experience. His other poems included "For the people", "Amangeldi", "Aydos biy", and "Ernazar biy".
During Berdakh's lifetime there was a rise in national liberation movements among the nations of the Aral Sea territory, especially among the Karakalpaks. Karakalpakia became a hotspot of discord among those nations. The khanate of Khiva considered Karakalpakia to be a nabob and was constantly imposed duties on its people. The Russian Empire was also interested in Karakalpakia as it was a gateway to Central Asia. Berdakh wrote not only about social problems but also about the protection of women's rights and dignity. He propagated equality and women's rights. His dream was to unite nations which were separated by different wars.

</doc>
<doc id="20184834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184834" title="UPCRC Illinois">
UPCRC Illinois

UPCRC Illinois is one of two Universal Parallel Computing Research Centers launched in 2008 by Microsoft Corporation and Intel Corporation to accelerate the development of mainstream parallel computing for consumer and business applications such as desktop and mobile computing. UPCRC Illinois is a joint research effort of the Illinois Department of Computer Science and the Coordinated Science Laboratory at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Research is conducted by faculty members and graduate students from the departments of Computer Science and Electrical and Computer Engineering. UPCRC Illinois research faculty are led by Co-Directors Marc Snir and Wen-mei Hwu.
Research.
The UPCRC Illinois whitepaper, Parallel Computing Research at Illinois: The UPCRC Agenda, expands in great detail about three primary research themes:
Focus on Disciplined Parallel Programming—Sequential languages have evolved to support well-structured programming, and provide safety and modularity. Mechanisms for parallel control, synchronization, and communication have not yet undergone a similar evolution. The UPCRC Illinois takes the optimistic view that parallelism can be tamed for all to use by providing disciplined parallel programming models, supported by sophisticated development and execution environments.
Multi-Front Attack on Multicore Programming—UPCRC Illinois is taking an integrated broad-based attack on parallelism at all levels of the system stack from applications down to hardware, using every weapon in the arsenal to enable performance, scalability, and programmability. This includes investigating disciplined parallel languages, metaprogramming and autotuners, and domain-specific environments; developing a powerful translation environment to exploit information from multiple sources at different times in the life of a program; developing an adaptive runtime to handle heterogeneity and automate resource management; developing new hardware mechanisms to enhance performance, scalability and programmability; and rethinking the customary division of labor among the layers of the system stack. Refactoring tools will help move existing code to new environments and formal methods-based techniques and tools will help ensure correctness.
Human-Centric Vision of Future Consumer Applications—Driving the agenda is a human-centric vision of future consumer applications, backed up by research on application technologies to enable quantum-leaps in immersive visual realism, reliable natural-language processing, and robust telepresence. Investigating these applications reveals new parallel patterns and serves as a testbed for evaluating, refining, and ultimately proving UPCRC Illinois ideas on multicore programming.
Parallel Computing History at Illinois.
Illinois history in parallel computing stretches more than 40 years. From the first academic parallel supercomputer, the ILLIAC IV started in 1964, to today’s work to install the first petascale computer, Blue Waters, Illinois has defined the landscape of parallel computing. Contributions from past and current Illinois faculty include:

</doc>
<doc id="20184853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184853" title="Džamila Stehlíková">
Džamila Stehlíková

Džamila Stehlíková (), née Almaskyzy (born on 6 February 1962 in Almaty) is a Kazakh-born Czech politician and a doctor. She is an active member of the Strana zelených (Czech Green Party) and from 2007 to 2009, Stehlíková was the Minister for Human Rights and Minorities.
Stehlíková is a naturalized Czech citizen by marriage. On 17 February 1992, Stehlíková was sworn in as a Czech citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="20184863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184863" title="Qendër, Librazhd">
Qendër, Librazhd

Qendër is a municipality in the Librazhd District, Elbasan County, eastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Arez, Babje, Dorez, Dragostunje, Gizavesh, Kuterman, Librazhd Katund, Librazhd Qendër, Marinaj, Qarishte, Spathar and Togez.

</doc>
<doc id="20184882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184882" title="John Howey">
John Howey

John Howey is a Florida architect known as part of the group of architects at work since 1965 that followed the Sarasota School of Architects led by Paul Rudolph. John Howey Associates is his Tampa Bay architectural firm formed in 1973. Some of his projects include Tampa City Hall Plaza, Village Presbyterian Church and Williers Residence in Tampa.
Notable Career Achievements.
Honors and Awards.
John Howey Associates has received numerous local, state and American Institute of Architects Design Awards for the Florida/Caribbean Region. In 2000, they received the AIA Award of Honor for Design as one of Florida top design firms of the 20th century. Their work has been exhibited at Selby Gallery and New College, Sarasota; Tampa Bay AIA Gallery; and at the AIA National Convention, Orlando as well as the AIA Regional Convention Tour of Homes, Tampa. John Howey was selected for AIA’s most prestigious honor, the designation of a member as a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects.
Publications.
He has published numerous articles and two books: "The Sarasota School of Architecture" (M.I.T. Press, 1995) and "Florida Architecture, A Celebration" (A.I.A. Florida, 2000). Recognition of his work has been widespread, from the New York Times and the Architectural Review, London, to the Images Publishing Group in Australia.
Significant Works.
Howey began his practice in Tampa, Florida in 1965 after winning a design competition for a waterfront residence on Tampa Bay. His work includes public and private architecture, historic preservation, interior design and planning.

</doc>
<doc id="20184890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184890" title="Doncaster Frenchgate Interchange">
Doncaster Frenchgate Interchange

Doncaster Frenchgate Interchange is a transport interchange located in the Frenchgate Centre in Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England. Doncaster Frenchgate Interchange is home to 30 bus bays, and also connects the shopping centre with the town's railway station.
History.
The interchange was designed by local transport executive South Yorkshire PTE (SYPTE) and shopping centre owners Teesland. It had received planning permission by 2001, and was intended to open in 2004 at a cost of £70 million. 
Work on the Frenchgate interchange began in 2003. It opened in June 2006 and became the town's main transport hub, with SYPTE predicting that it would receive around 12 million passengers per year. The previous Doncaster North and Doncaster South bus stations, which dated from the 1960s and were located underneath multi-storey car parks, were closed.
Bus.
The Interchange is used by all bus companies that serve Doncaster. First South Yorkshire is the town's largest and central bus operator, with Stagecoach Yorkshire, Arriva Yorkshire, Wilfreda Beehive and Powells Bus Co. serving outer destinations.
Services to Robin Hood Airport in Finningley also operate from the Interchange. With effect from September 2010 the dedicated direct Airport service was withdrawn.
Train.
"Main article: Doncaster railway station"
Doncaster railway station is situated on the East Coast Main Line. There are currently seven train operators which call at Doncaster, including East Coast, First TransPennine Express and Northern Rail. Destination range from London, Bristol, Glasgow and Edinburgh. Access to and from the station can be made directly from the Frenchgate Centre and Interchange.

</doc>
<doc id="20184891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184891" title="Viktor Savin">
Viktor Savin

Viktor Savin (; ; 21 November 1888 — 11 August 1943) was a Komi poet.

</doc>
<doc id="20184916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184916" title="High probability trade">
High probability trade


</doc>
<doc id="20184953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184953" title="Lunik, Albania">
Lunik, Albania

Lunik is a municipality in the Librazhd District, Elbasan County, eastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Dranovice, Koshorrishte, Kostenje, Letem, Lunik, Prevall and Zgosht.

</doc>
<doc id="20184958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184958" title="Billie Jean Horton">
Billie Jean Horton

Billie Jean Jones Eshliman Williams Horton Berlin (born 1933), professionally known as Billie Jean Horton, was a country music performer who was best known for her marriages to country singers Hank Williams and Johnny Horton. 
The daughter of a police officer from Bossier City, Louisiana, she was already divorced from a first husband, Harrison Eshliman when she was introduced to Hank by her then boyfriend, country singer Faron Young. They married in October 1952, when she was 19 years old. They first married in a private ceremony in Minden, Louisiana, then repeated their vows before sold-out audiences at two Williams concerts at the Municipal Auditorium in New Orleans. 
After Williams' death from heart failure on New Year's Day 1953, she married country singer Johnny Horton and was important in promoting his career. Horton died in an automobile accident in 1960, widowing her a second time. She then worked as a recording artist, with her record "Ocean of Tears" hitting the country top 40 in 1961, and had a relationship with Johnny Cash (then still married to his first wife, Vivian Liberto). Later she married and divorced a fourth husband, insurance executive Kent Berlin. In 1971 a federal court ruled that, despite the fact that her first divorce (from Eshliman) may not have been final before her wedding with Williams, she had married Williams in good faith and their marriage was entitled to a presumption of validity. She became known for her energetic efforts on behalf of the reputations and estates of both of her famous husbands.

</doc>
<doc id="20184970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184970" title="Ra (1972 film)">
Ra (1972 film)

Ra (also known as The Ra Expeditions) is a 1972 documentary film directed by Lennart Ehrenborg and Thor Heyerdahl about the expeditions organised by Thor Heyerdahl in 1969 and 1970 in attempt to cross Atlantic on papyrus boats. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20184980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184980" title="Balderton railway station">
Balderton railway station

Balderton railway station was a minor railway station serving the village of Balderton in Cheshire, England. It was located on a line from Chester, to Wrexham General on a line now known as the Shrewsbury to Chester Line. The 53y Balderton Tunnel is just south of the site and there is an adjacent AHB level crossing at the site today.
The Eaton Hall Railway met the GWR line at Balderton.
History.
The station was opened by the Great Western Railway, and stayed with that company during the Grouping of 1923.The line then passed on to the Western Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed by British Railways.

</doc>
<doc id="20184997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20184997" title="Musaed Abdullah">
Musaed Abdullah

Musaed Abdullah () is a Kuwaiti retired footballer who played in Centre back for Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Naser.
He played for Al-Arabi in the 2007 AFC Champions League group stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20185004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185004" title="Steblevë">
Steblevë

Steblevë is a municipality in the Librazhd District, Elbasan County, of eastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Borove, Llange, Moglicë, Prodan, Sebisht, Steblevë and Zabzun.

</doc>
<doc id="20185027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185027" title="FIDE Grand Prix">
FIDE Grand Prix

FIDE Grand Prix is a biennal chess tournament, organized by FIDE. Each series consist of six chess tournaments, which form part of the qualification cycle for the World Chess Championship or Women's World Chess Championship. 

</doc>
<doc id="20185065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185065" title="Orenjë">
Orenjë

Orenjë is a municipality in the Librazhd District, Elbasan County, eastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Ballegjin, Floq, Funares, Gurakuq, Mexixe, Neshte, Orenjë, Rinas, Zdrajsh and Zdrajsh Veri.

</doc>
<doc id="20185070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185070" title="Certified Business Continuity Professional">
Certified Business Continuity Professional

Certified Business Continuity Professional (CBCP) is internationally recognized professional certification issued by the Disaster Recovery Institute for business continuity management. A certified expert must pass a detailed exam consisting of ten domains and prove his/hers experience in at least five domains for minimum two years.

</doc>
<doc id="20185093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185093" title="Mohammedia District">
Mohammedia District

Mohammedia is a town located in Mascara Province, northwestern Algeria.
Located about 70 km from Oran and 420 km from Algiers.

</doc>
<doc id="20185107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185107" title="Hamilton School District">
Hamilton School District

The Hamilton School District is a school district in Waukesha County, Wisconsin, USA. It serves all of the communities of Sussex, Lannon, and Butler, portions of Lisbon, and Menomonee Falls, and a small part of Pewaukee.
Established as a K-12 school district in 1961, Hamilton serves a area of suburban and rural communities about north and west of downtown Milwaukee. Total community population is estimated to be 27,000. Student enrollment is just under 4,500.
School sites in the district.
The Hamilton School District has seven schools that serve students from pre-kindergarten through high school:
4-year-old kindergarten.
An optional half-day kindergarten program is offered to 4-year-olds at Willow Springs Learning Center. Willow Springs also houses a private daycare provider, enabling parents to pay for daycare services for their children during the portion of the day when they are not participating in the kindergarten program.
Elementary schools.
Elementary schools focus on the basic skills of reading, writing, mathematics, science and social studies. Each school has a full-time reading-writing specialist and library-media specialist. Specialists also provide instruction in art, music and physical education. Guidance counselors offer a developmental guidance program. The Hamilton School District has four elementary schools that serve students from kindergarten through fifth grade.
Middle school.
A true middle level education philosophy exists at Templeton Middle School. It was named for two consecutive years as a “middle school of excellence” by the state Department of Public Instruction and the Association of Wisconsin School Administrators. Templeton uses a house system, which groups students with a core team of academic teachers who collaboratively plan instruction, teach and meet student needs. The structure promotes interdisciplinary instruction, integrated units, team teaching, positive student-teacher relationships and flexible scheduling.
High school.
Hamilton High School has a program that serves college-bound students (58.8% graduation rate), as well as those who plan to attend technical school or enter the world of work such as being unemployed. The school has advanced placement and world languages such as doitch courses and an honors program. Co-op and youth apprenticeship programs allow students to apply theory to real world work setting.
The Hamilton School Board.
Seven Hamilton School Board members are elected to serve three-year terms. While placed in office by a vote of the entire district, members are elected from five specified district areas and two at-large positions.
Meetings are the first Tuesday (curriculum meeting) and the third Monday (regular meeting) each month. The agenda is posted and submitted to local newspapers prior to each meeting.

</doc>
<doc id="20185108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185108" title="Closet (disambiguation)">
Closet (disambiguation)

A closet is a small, enclosed storage space, often used for clothes.
Closet may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20185127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185127" title="Max Holden (One Life to Live)">
Max Holden (One Life to Live)

Maximilian "Max" Holden is a fictional character on the American soap opera "One Life to Live", originated and most notably played by James DePaiva.
Casting.
Actor James DePaiva originated the role of Max Holden on the series episode first-run January 6, 1987, leaving the role in 1990. The character was then recast in a plastic surgery storyline ("see" "Larry Wolek") in March of that year. DePaiva returned to the series in October 1991, portraying Max through the character's on-air departure on October 27, 2003; he briefly returned for episodes from August 17 through August 20, 2007 for the on-screen funeral of lead character Asa Buchanan (Philip Carey).
Storylines.
Romances and family.
Max Holden arrives to Llanview in 1987 to seek a loan from fellow Texan and family friend Maria Roberts (BarBara Luna), who agreed to give him the money he needed on the condition that Max lure Tina Lord (Andrea Evans) away from her son, Cord (John Loprieno). Max soon falls for Tina, while she was still in love with Cord. While Max and Tina are marrying in ceremony, she accidentally says Cord's name during her vows, and Max then calls off his relationship with her. Max's brother Steve Holden (Russ Anderson) comes to town in 1987 and soon becomes involved with and marries Gabrielle Medina (Fiona Hutchison), Max's ex-girlfriend and mother to his son, Al. Gabrielle still carries a torch for Max, however, and the relationship with Steve falls apart in 1988. Later in 1988, at the double wedding of Cord and Tina and Asa and Renée Divine (Patricia Elliott), Steve noticed that the wedding cake had been wired to explode. Steve throws himself in front to the bomb to protect his fiancée Brenda McGillis (Brenda Brock) and is killed instantly as it exploded. Brenda later discovered she was pregnant with Steve's child.
Max falls in love in 1991 with Luna Moody (Susan Batten), with whom he would have twin children, son Frankie and daughter Leslie. During his marriage, Max engages in a torrid affair in 1993 and 1994 with Blair Cramer (Kassie DePaiva), who had previously married Asa in a marriage of convenience. Luna is killed in 1995, leaving Max widowed. Max goes on to enjoy relationships with the cousin of Reverend Andrew Carpenter (Wortham Krimmer), as well as a reunion and marriage with Blair and a fling with Kelly Cramer (Gina Tognoni). He also reunites with Gabrielle, but it does not last. Later, in a drunken Las Vegas escapade he awakes to find himself married to Roxy Balsom (Ilene Kristen), a union that quickly fizzled.
When son Al dies of liver failure in the fall of 2003, at the advice of Luna's spirit, Max leaves Llanview to be with he and Luna's twins Frank and Leslie in North Carolina. Max returns in August 2007 for the funeral of Asa, and reveals that he, Frank, and Leslie were all living in Gabrielle's home country of Argentina. He invites Blair to join him there and kisses her, unaware of her continuing passion for Todd Manning. Blair gently rebuffs him. Wishing his best to Blair, Max returned home to Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="20185138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185138" title="Polis, Albania">
Polis, Albania

Polis is a municipality in the Librazhd District, Elbasan County, eastern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20185144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185144" title="Ahmed Saad Al Rashidi">
Ahmed Saad Al Rashidi

Ahmed Saad Al Rashidi (born 18 June 1984) is a Kuwaiti footballer currently playing with Al Arabi of Kuwait.

</doc>
<doc id="20185165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185165" title="Percy Downes">
Percy Downes

Percy Downes (19 September 1905–1989) was an English professional footballer. He spent six years at Blackpool in the early 20th century, making over 150 Football League appearances for the club, and over 350 league appearances in total. He played as a midfielder.
Playing career.
Early career.
Downes' first senior team was Dinnington Main Colliery Welfare, where he started playing during the early 1920s. He later transferred to Gainsborough Trinity, where his performances earned him a move into professional football in the Football League with Blackpool.
Blackpool.
Downes made his debut for "the Seasiders" six games into their 1925–26 league season, a single-goal defeat to Darlington at Bloomfield Road on 14 September 1925. He went on to make 21 further league appearance that campaign, scoring five goals. He also appeared in Blackpool's sole FA Cup tie that season.
The following season, 1926–27, Downes made 28 starts in the league, and scored six goals. Again, he appeared in the FA Cup as Blackpool exited at the third-round stage once more.
Frank Buckley, who signed Downes, was replaced as Blackpool manager by Sydney Beaumont prior to the 1927–28 term, but he was still kept in favour, making nineteen appearances in the league and scoring four goals.
Downes appeared in well over half of Blackpool's league games in 1928–29, which was Harry Evans' first season in charge. Downes scored four goals, all in Blackpool victories. He also appeared in Blackpool's FA Cup third-round exit match at Plymouth Argyle.
In the 1929–30 campaign, Downes missed only five games as Blackpool finished as Division Two champions. He also scored thirteen goals, his highest season-total for the club, including a hat-trick in a 7–1 victory at home to Bristol City on 26 October 1929. Blackpool also made it to the fourth round of the FA Cup for the first time in four seasons, but Downes missed out on the match.
Downes' final season with Blackpool, 1930–31, saw his make sixteen appearances in the top flight for the club. He failed to score in the league for the first time in his six seasons with "the Seasiders", but he did score Blackpool's goal in their FA Cup fourth-round 2–1 defeat at Southport on 24 January 1931.
His final appearance for Blackpool occurred on 18 February 1931, in a single-goal defeat at home to Birmingham City.
Hull City.
In 1931, Downes joined Football League Third Division North side Hull City, where he played eleven matches and scored three goals as the team finished eighth in their division. He stayed at Hull for just one season.
Stockport County.
Downes signed for Third Division North outfit Stockport prior to the 1932–33 season. He racked up 82 appearances and notched 17 goals for the club as they secured consecutive third-placed finishes in the division.
Burnley.
Downes' consistent goalscoring in the Third Division earned him a move to Second Division side Burnley in the summer of 1934. He spent two seasons with "the Clarets", but only managed to score a total of six goals in the league. He helped Burnley to the semi-final of the FA Cup in the 1934–35 season, and played a total of 61 league games before he left to join Oldham Athletic.
Oldham Athletic.
Downes played a total of 51 matches for the "Latics", scoring just 4 times in two seasons. In 1938, he retired from professional football and returned to Gainsborough Trinity.

</doc>
<doc id="20185174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185174" title="Hotolisht">
Hotolisht

Hotolisht is a municipality in the Librazhd District, Elbasan County, eastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Buzgare, Dardhe, Hotolisht, Kokreve, Vehcan, Vulcan and Xhyre.

</doc>
<doc id="20185178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185178" title="Hopalong Cassidy River Trail">
Hopalong Cassidy River Trail

The Hopalong Cassidy Trail is a .5 mi; 0.8 km flat trail on the bank of the Vermilion River in Streator, Illinois. The trail is mostly gravel, with a section of cement next to the Bridge St. bridge on the north and south side of the road. The trail is part of the local flood control system. Its named after the Hopalong Cassidy western series of books written by author Clarence E. Mulford whose childhood house sits next to the trail on the south side of the road. 
The trail is lined with a forest of mulberry, oak and maple trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20185181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185181" title="Paul Spencer">
Paul Spencer

Paul Spencer (born 13 July 1955, Clacton-on-Sea, England) is a movie producer who previously worked as drummer with different New Wave artists.
In mid-to-late 1978, he joined Magazine, replacing future Swing Out Sister's Martin Jackson, doing different live shows across Europe and on television shows, between them "Old Grey Whistle Test". Later that year he was sacked.
Out of Magazine, he joined Speedometors shortly afterwards, during the recording of that band album, "Day In The Lights". After Speedometors, he began to work with Alex Harvey until 1982, when the glam icon died.
Nowadays, he is producing movies.

</doc>
<doc id="20185198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185198" title="Michel Bécot">
Michel Bécot

Michel Bécot (born 10 October 1939) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Deux-Sèvres department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20185199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185199" title="Stravaj">
Stravaj

Stravaj is a municipality in the Librazhd District, Elbasan County, eastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Farret, Gaferr, Shqiponje, Sopot, Stranik and Stravaj.

</doc>
<doc id="20185201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185201" title="Well I Ask You">
Well I Ask You

"Well I Ask You" is a song by Eden Kane.
Recorded in 1961 as the follow-up to his debut single, "Hot Chocolate Crazy" (1960), "Well I Ask You" was also issued as a single in the UK and reached number one in the UK Singles Chart in August 1961. Written by Les Vandyke, arranged by John Keating, and produced by Bunny Lewis, it spent one week at the UK chart pinnacle. 
The B-side of the record, released by Decca was "Before I Lose My Mind", also penned by Vandyke.

</doc>
<doc id="20185202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185202" title="The Gloom">
The Gloom

The Gloom is a comic book by writer Tony Lee and artist Dan Boutlwood, originally released through the publisher APC. It was created as a 5-issue mini-series, but despite some critical attention the title was canceled before it was finished due to the publisher going out of business.
In 2020 it was announced that MTV would be serializing a new, redrawn version of the book on their MTV Geek site, starting from the 1st February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20185208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185208" title="Claude Belot">
Claude Belot

Claude Belot (born 11 July 1936) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Charente-Maritime department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20185209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185209" title="The Benny Goodman Story">
The Benny Goodman Story

The Benny Goodman Story is a biographical film starring Steve Allen and Donna Reed, directed by Valentine Davies and released by Universal Studios in 1956. The film is based on the life of famed clarinetist Benny Goodman, who recorded most of the clarinet solos used in the film.
The film captures several major moments in Goodman's life but it has been described as less than accurate in details. Goodman's Jewish background is implicitly mentioned, despite it playing a part in his artistic and personal endeavors for decades. In one scene, where his mother tries to talk him out of a romance with Alice Hammond, played by Donna Reed, whom Goodman eventually married, she says, "Bagels and caviar don't mix."
Plot.
The young Benny Goodman is taught clarinet by a Chicago music professor. He is advised by bandleader Edward Ory to play whichever kind of music he likes best, but to make a living, Benny begins by joining the Ben Pollack traveling band.
In New York, where the band gets a lukewarm reception, Benny meets jazz lover John Hammond and his sister Alice. He is invited to the stately Hammond home to perform a Mozart clarinet concerto. Alice fears he will be embarrassed, but his playing is impeccable and Benny appreciates her concern.
Benny's performances on a popular Saturday night radio program result in Fletcher Henderson volunteering to do some arrangements for him. On the west coast, the radio show's early start has made Benny's music a sensation with a younger generation. He puts together a quartet featuring Gene Krupa on drums, Teddy Wilson on piano and Lionel Hampton on vibes.
The romance with society girl Alice is disconcerting to Benny's mother, but by the time her son plays Carnegie Hall, all is well and Mrs. Goodman has personally invited her future daughter-in-law to sit by her side.
Guest stars.
Lionel Hampton, Martha Tilton, Kid Ory, George Givot, Gene Krupa, Teddy Wilson and many other musicians have cameo appearances in this film. However, while Ziggy Elman appeared on screen recreating his trumpet solo on "And the Angels Sing", he was unable to record his portion for the soundtrack; Manny Klein actually performed it, off-camera.
Fletcher Henderson is portrayed by Sammy Davis, Sr., father of Sammy Davis, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="20185214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185214" title="Guinness World Records Smashed">
Guinness World Records Smashed

Guinness World Records Smashed was a British television show for Sky1, that featured record attempts, celebrity guests and death-defying stunts. A one-off pilot episode was transmitted on 23 November 2008, and a full 10-part series was broadcast on Sky1 from 19 April to 21 June 2009. The show was produced by British independent production company, Outline Productions with Guinness World Records.
The pilot show was recorded in October 2008 at Teddington Studios and around London and invited people to partake in the filming to attempt to break existing world records.
On the back of the November 2008 one-off programme, Sky1 ordered an 10-part series. The studio format invited members of the public to try to set new world records in everything from leaping through burning hoops to somersaulting over cars. Celebrity guests, the audience, and the presenters also got involved with the record-breaking attempts. The series started airing on Sky1 and Sky1 HD on Sunday 19 April 2009. Filmed from February 2009, the studio show has been filmed at Pinewood Studios.
Presenters.
Fearne Cotton (Top of the Pops, The Xtra Factor) and Ben Shephard (GMTV, Dancing on Ice) presented the pilot of the show which was transmitted in Winter 2008. Both Fearne and Ben signed on to take part in some of the record attempts, with Shephard performing a record-breaking reverse bungee jump.
Konnie Huq (Blue Peter) and Steve Jones (T4, The X Factor USA) presented the series which first aired on 19 April 2009.
The record attempts were commentated on by Peter Dickson.
Official Guinness World Records Adjudicator.
Marco Frigatti is the Director of Guinness World Record global Records Management Team and the chief adjudicator on Guinness World Records Smashed.

</doc>
<doc id="20185222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185222" title="Nawaf Al Shuwaye">
Nawaf Al Shuwaye

Nawaf Al Shuwaye (, (born 3 August 1983) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a defensive midfielder for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Arabi.

</doc>
<doc id="20185234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185234" title="Qukës">
Qukës

Qukës is a municipality in the Librazhd District, Elbasan County, eastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Berzheshte, Dritaj, Fanje, Gurre, Karkavec, Menik, Pishkash, Pishkash Veri, Qukës-Shkumbin, Qukës-Skenderbej and Skroske.

</doc>
<doc id="20185237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185237" title="Victor Basili">
Victor Basili

Victor R. Basili, born April 13, 1940 in Brooklyn, New York, is an Emeritus Professor at the Department of Computer Science and the Institute for Advanced Computer Studies, both at University of Maryland. He holds a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Texas at Austin and two honorary degrees. He is a "Fellow" of both the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) and of the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE). 
From 1982 through 1988 he was "Chair" of the Department of Computer Science at the University of Maryland. He is currently a Senior Research Fellow at the Fraunhofer Center for Experimental Software Engineering - Maryland and from 1997-2004 was its Executive Director. 
He is well known for his works on measuring, evaluating, and improving the Software development process, especially his papers on the Goal/Question /Metric Approach, the Quality Improvement Paradigm, and the Experience Factory.
Many of these ideas developed through his affiliation with the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center Software Engineering Laboratory (SEL), which he helped to create and was one of its directors from 1976 through 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20185238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185238" title="Pavol Jurčo">
Pavol Jurčo

Pavol Jurčo (born 12 February 1986) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for MŠK Žilina.
Club career.
Made a guest appearance for Shamrock Rovers in a friendly against Newcastle on 11 July 2009 at Tallaght Stadium [http://www.nufc.premiumtv.co.uk/page/NewsDetail/0,10278~1719756,00.html].
MŠK Žilina.
On 9 February 2014, MFK Zemplín Michalovce sold Jurčo to MŠK Žilina for 60 thousand euros.
Career statistics.
Last update at 19 June 2009

</doc>
<doc id="20185244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185244" title="Valgejõgi">
Valgejõgi

Valgejõgi (lit. "White River") is a river in Northern Estonia. Its source is in Lake Porkuni in Pandivere (Lääne-Viru County) and it drains into Hara Bay (part of Finnish Gulf) at Loksa (Harju County).
Geography.
Valgejõgi lacks any major tributaries. Its drainage basin is long and narrow, dominated by forests and wetlands (more than 2/3 of total area). Agricultural land use is concentrated in the upper section of drainage basin, while forests dominate in the middle and lower sections, where the river borders the Põhja-Kõrvemaa Nature Reserve and flows through Lahemaa National Park. The towns of Loksa (in the mouth) and Tapa (about 17 km from the source) are the only bigger setllements on the river.
Nõmmeveski waterfall.
19 km upstream from the river mouth the river flows over the Baltic Klint, forming the Nõmmeveski waterfall. The waterfall and Nõmmeveski canyon (several tens of meters deep and a few hundred meters long) are a popular tourist destination in Lahemaa National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20185246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185246" title="ArtsBoston">
ArtsBoston

ArtsBoston is a not-for-profit corporation, dedicated to assisting the performing arts industry in Boston, MA. Since its founding in 1975, ArtsBoston has been one of the nation's largest performing arts non-profits, second only to New York City's Theatre Development Fund.
ArtsBoston provides discount tickets to performing arts events at its BosTix booths (similar to New York's TKTS booths) and through its BosTix Advance program. In May 2009, ArtsBoston launched a new online arts and entertainment calendar for Greater Boston at ArtsBoston.org . 
History.
For more than 35 years, ArtsBoston has championed the local arts community by connecting people of every age and background with the cultural organizations that call Greater Boston home. Equally important, through innovative programs like ArtsBoston.org and BosTix ½ price ticketing that reach consumers both online and in person in Copley Square and Faneuil Hall Marketplace, area residents and visitors benefit from ArtsBoston’s commitment to keeping the arts accessible and affordable.
ArtsBoston serves more than 170 arts organizations in theatre, music, dance, visual arts, comedy, and family programs throughout Greater Boston by helping them grow audiences, providing strategic and capacity-building resources, and serving as a collective voice for the arts.
As a nonprofit, ArtsBoston is proud to reinvest all of its earnings back into Boston's arts community. By using ArtsBoston.org or purchasing 1/2 price tickets through BosTix, you are making a difference in helping to sustain and grow local cultural programming.
ArtsBoston.org.
ArtsBoston.org is a comprehensive online arts and entertainment calendar for upcoming exhibits, performances, and concerts in the Greater Boston area. It is a “one stop shop” for arts and entertainment in Boston. 
BosTix.
BosTix is the discount ticking program of ArtsBoston selling 1/2 price tickets to theater, music and dance performances all over town – from touring blockbusters to hot local productions. BosTix.org sells ½ price theatre, music and dance tickets up to 3 months in advance of when you want to see a performance.
BosTix Booths are located in Faneuil Hall Marketplace (on the Freedom Trail) and Copley Square, and sell ½ price, day-of-show tickets. The booths also serve as a full-service Ticketmaster outlet, selling full-price tickets to events at the TD Garden, DCU Center and several other venues, and local cultural attractions like Boston Duck Tours, Go Boston cards, Freedom Trail Walking Tours, New England Aquarium, Old Town Trolley and more.

</doc>
<doc id="20185258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185258" title="Samuel A. Nixon">
Samuel A. Nixon

Samuel Anthony "Sam" Nixon, Jr. (born November 9, 1958) is an American politician. He served in the Virginia House of Delegates from March 1994 to April 2010, representing the 27th district in Chesterfield County, the southern suburbs of Richmond. Nixon is a member of the Republican Party.
In the House, Nixon served on the committees on Commerce and Labor; Health, Welfare and Institutions; and Science and Technology. In 2003, he was a co-author of the legislation that created VITA.

</doc>
<doc id="20185260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185260" title="China–Lithuania relations">
China–Lithuania relations

People's Republic of China – Lithuania relations are the bilateral foreign relations between People's Republic of China and Lithuania. PR China has an embassy in Vilnius. Lithuania has an embassy in Beijing. 
Diplomatic relations between 2 countries were established on 14 September 1991.
In 1992, Embassy of China was established in Vilnius, in 1995, Embassy of Lithuania was established in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="20185273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185273" title="Pierre Bernard-Reymond">
Pierre Bernard-Reymond

Pierre Bernard-Reymond (born 16 January 1944 in Gap, Hautes-Alpes) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Hautes-Alpes department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20185277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185277" title="Richard Carroll (politician)">
Richard Carroll (politician)

Richard Carroll (born December 17, 1956, in Little Rock, Arkansas) is an American boilermaker and politician. He ran for District 39 of the Arkansas House of Representatives on the U.S. Green Party ticket on November 4, 2008 during the House elections to succeed Sharon Dobbins, and succeeded in the first Arkansas Green Party electoral victory on the state level. 
Upon taking office, Carroll became the highest-ranking current office holder of the Green Party of the United States, and the third in the party's history to be elected to a state-level political position. The first was Audie Bock, who won election to the California State Assembly in a Special Election on March 31, 1999 for the Green Party of California (but switched to independent a few months later and was defeated seeking re-election in 2000). The second was John Eder, who served as a member of the Maine House of Representatives for the Maine Green Independent Party from 2003 to 2007.
On April 29, 2009 Carroll announced that he would leave the Green Party and become a Democrat.
Previous to the 2008 election, Carroll worked as a boilermaker for 30 years, and has been a longtime member of the International Brotherhood of Boilermakers.
Carroll lost in the May 2010 Democratic primary for re-election to former State Senator Tracy Steele by a vote of 80.3% for Steele and 19.7% for Carroll.

</doc>
<doc id="20185279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185279" title="Laurent Béteille">
Laurent Béteille

Laurent Béteille (born 19 April 1948) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Essonne department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20185291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185291" title="Joël Billard">
Joël Billard

Joël Billard (born 21 March 1953) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Eure-et-Loire department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20185312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185312" title="Brent Barton">
Brent Barton

Brent Barton (born March 11, 1980) is a Democratic politician from the US state of Oregon. He was elected in 2008 to the Oregon House of Representatives, representing District 51, which encompasses parts of Clackamas County and Multnomah County, and includes all or part of the cities of Boring, Clackamas, Damascus, Estacada, and Oregon City. In the 2010 election, Barton ran unsuccessfully for the Oregon State Senate, declining to run for reelection to his House seat. In 2012, he ran again for the House, this time defeating Republican Steve Newgard with 51% of the vote.
Early life and career.
Barton grew up in Oregon and attended Stanford University, where he earned a bachelor's degree in political science, and a master's degree in sociology in 2002 at Queens' College, Cambridge. His father, William A. Barton, has been considered one of the best lawyers in America in several areas of law, and is known for representing a plaintiff in a high-profile case against the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Portland.
While at Stanford, Brent served as an aide for Oregon Congresswoman Darlene Hooley. He was also a White House intern in 2000 between his sophomore and junior years. Barton went on to earn a JD from Harvard Law School, then returned to Oregon where he worked as a criminal prosecutor, volunteered as a high school teacher, and served on the board of directors of the Oregon Bus Project. In 2007, he was hired to the litigation department of the Portland office of the Perkins Coie law firm.
Political career.
In 2008, Barton was unopposed for the Democratic nomination for House District 51 and faced incumbent Linda Flores in the general election. During the campaign Flores accused him of exaggeration regarding his time as criminal prosecutor while at Harvard Law. Barton defeated Flores 52% to 48% in the November general election to win the seat.
In the 2009 session, Barton served on the Judiciary and Consumer Protection committees, and as Vice-Chair of the Business and Labor Committee.
In 2010, Barton ran for the Oregon State Senate seat in District 26 vacated by retiring Senator Rick Metsger, but lost to Republican candidate Chuck Thomsen 47% to 53%.
Barton ran for a House seat again in 2012; he was again unopposed for the Democratic nomination for House District 40, and faced Republican Steve Newgard in the general election. In September 2012 Barton came out with two television advertisements. One advertisement shows Barton with Clackamas County Sheriff Craig Roberts about his vote as a former legislator on House Bill 3508 - which redefined and was able to "grant changes in the terms of confinement for a range of prisoners, including those convicted of aggravated murder or murder." Barton's other advertisement painted his opponent (Newgard) as a rich tax dodger along the same lines his previous campaigns attacked Linda Flores and Chuck Thomsen.

</doc>
<doc id="20185318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185318" title="National Lieutenant Governors Association">
National Lieutenant Governors Association

The National Lieutenant Governors Association (NLGA) is the non-profit, nonpartisan professional association for elected or appointed officials who are first in line of succession to the governors in the 50 U.S. states and the five organized territories. (The first official in the line of succession is generally established in the state or territorial constitution). 
Lieutenant governors.
In 42 states and four territories, this official is a statewide elected lieutenant governor (In 2010 New Jersey elected its first lieutenant governor). In three states and one territory, this official is the state secretary of state. In five states, the president of the state senate (the upper house of the state legislature) is first in line of succession; two of these officials (Tennessee and West Virginia) may statutorily use the title "lieutenant governor". 
Of the elected lieutenant governors (including New Jersey), 25 are elected on a ticket in the general election with the gubernatorial candidate as a running mate. Most states allow the governor to designate his or her running mate, but in some states, the governor and lieutenant governor run separately in the primary election and are "paired" for the general election. In 18 other states, the lieutenant governor and the governor are elected separately and as a result may be of different political parties. Lieutenant governors typically are acting governor when the governor is out of state. Thirty lieutenant governor are presidents of the state Senate, and of these half may cast tie-breaking votes (mirroring the Federal government of the United States, in which the Vice President of the United States is the president of the United States Senate).
History.
The NLGA was founded in 1962, as the National Conference of Lieutenant Governors (NCLG). The organization's first meeting was on December 4, 1962. In 1966, NCLG affiliated with the Council of State Governments (CSG) and was staffed through CSG from 1983 to 1988 with Edward Feigenbaum as director. In 1988, NCLG became financially independent. Gail Manning ran the organization's operations and was named director in 1991; she served until 2002. 
In 2002, Julia Hurst became executive director. The same year, the organization adopted its current name and a new logo and launched its website.
The Association was incorporated in Kentucky in January of 2013 and will assume independent corporate status and operations July 1, 2013.
Functions.
NLGA provides members the opportunity to network, meet, foster interstate cooperation, gain policy knowledge, hone professional skills, share policy work, and promote the effectiveness of the office of lieutenant governor. NLGA does adopt national policy resolutions on subjects of importance to the membership. NLGA Articles provide for the Chairmanship to rotate annually between a Democrat and Republican. The Chair Elect is of the opposite party to the chair and assumes the role of Chair the following year. 
The association office is located in Kentucky. The full membership meets twice a year, annually in Washington, DC for its Federal-State Relations meeting and annually in the summer in a select host state.
In 2007, NLGA was given the prestigious 'Associations Advance America' recognition by the American Society of Association Executives (ASAE). NLGA was determined to have one of the six best association programs in the nation for 'Ending Cervical Cancer in our Lifetime,' a nationwide health care campaign. NLGA has also been recognized for work by Women in Government, the American Cardiology Association, and the American Iron and Steel Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="20185320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185320" title="Latin Grammy Award for Best Alternative Song">
Latin Grammy Award for Best Alternative Song

The Latin Grammy Award for Best Alternative Song is an honor presented annually at the Latin Grammy Awards, a ceremony that recognizes excellence and creates a wider awareness of cultural diversity and contributions of Latin recording artists in the United States and internationally. The award is reserved to the songwriters of a new song containing at least 51% of the lyrics in Spanish. Instrumental recordings or cover songs are not eligible.
The award has been presented to songwriters originating from France, Mexico, Colombia and Puerto Rico. It was first earned by French musician Manu Chao for the song "Me Llaman Calle" in 2007. The band members of Café Tacvba and Calle 13 are the only songwriters to have received this award more than once.

</doc>
<doc id="20185322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185322" title="List of Penn Law School alumni">
List of Penn Law School alumni

This is a list of notable graduates of the University of Pennsylvania Law School. For a list of notable graduates of the University of Pennsylvania as a whole, see List of University of Pennsylvania people

</doc>
<doc id="20185334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185334" title="Claude Biwer">
Claude Biwer

Claude Biwer (born 15 May 1936 in Marville, Meuse) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Meuse department. He is a member of the New Centre and sits in the Senate as a member of the Centrist Union group.

</doc>
<doc id="20185344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185344" title="Prrenjas">
Prrenjas

Prrenjas (also written "Përrenjas", in Albanian) is a municipality in the Librazhd District, Elbasan County, eastern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20185350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185350" title="Emmanuel Ezukam">
Emmanuel Ezukam

Emmanuel Elukwu Ezukam (born 22 October 1984 in Nigeria), is an Nigerian football midfielder who plays for Ghazl El-Mehalla.
Ezukam played for the Al Arabi Kuwait side that reached the quarter-finals of the 2009 AFC Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20185352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185352" title="Yehiel Lasri">
Yehiel Lasri

Yehiel Lasri (; born 21 August 1957) is an Israeli physician and politician who currently serves as mayor of Ashdod. He previously served as a member of the Knesset for the Centre Party, Lev and Likud.
Biography.
Lasri was born in Morocco and made aliyah to Israel in 1963 when his family moved to Ashdod. He completed medical studies at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in 1982. During the military service he filled a variety of medical positions in the Israeli Navy until becoming the surgeon-general of the navy with the rank of Lieutenant Colonel.
As an internal medicine specialist, he served as deputy director of the department of internal medicine at the Kaplan Hospital. He specialized in treating AIDS as served as the Director of the hospital's Aids Institute. Away from his job, he was amongst the founders of the Israeli Andalusia Orchestra and a director on its board.
He was elected to Ashdod city council on the New Ashdod list. For the 1999 Knesset elections he was placed ninth on the Centre Party list. Although the party won only six seats, Lasri entered the Knesset on 28 March 2001 as a replacement for Yitzhak Mordechai. On 6 November 2002 he and Roni Milo left the party and established the Lev faction, which immediately merged into Likud.
After being placed 53rd on Likud's list, Lasri lost his seat in the 2003 elections, and returned to Ashdod city council, where he was elected mayor in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20185358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185358" title="Super Obama World">
Super Obama World

Super Obama World is a free online video game created by Robert Sundling and William P. Jacobson of ZenSoft and based on Nintendo's "Super Mario World" in which gamers play as United States President Barack Obama. The game is an example of viral marketing in politics. It has been described as a satire, containing numerous references to the Republican Party, particularly its defeated vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin, and it uses modified Super Mario World sprites, such as a modified big mario for Obama, or the flag pole for the game's flag pole.

</doc>
<doc id="20185365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185365" title="Jean Bizet">
Jean Bizet

Jean Bizet (born 30 August 1947) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Manche department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. Since March 2010, he is the chairman of the European Affairs Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20185375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185375" title="Rrajcë">
Rrajcë

Rrajcë is a municipality in the Librazhd District, Elbasan County, eastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Bardhaj, Katjel, Kotodesh, Rrajcë, Skënderbe, Sutaj and Urakë.

</doc>
<doc id="20185376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185376" title="Conwy Falls">
Conwy Falls

Conwy Falls () is a waterfall on the River Conwy at Bro Garmon in Conwy County Borough in Wales. The falls and surrounding area are a Site of Special Scientific Interest. The nearby cafe, adjacent to the A5, is an interesting example of the work of the Welsh architect Clough Williams-Ellis, of Portmeirion fame.
The falls, woodland and wildlife.
The falls are located in the last gorge section of the river Conwy at a point where it plunges into a deep pool. The falls are accessible via natural paths through the preserved woodland of the SSSI. Polecats and other wild animals, including 32 species of bird, inhabit the surrounding woodlands, which extend to approximately .
Salmon ladder.
The River Conwy is a salmon river, and there are two salmon ladders at the falls. One is a disused Victorian wooden ladder that was destroyed by a storm soon after being built, and incorporating steps hewn into the rock. The second is a modern ladder, built in 1993 at a cost of nearly £1m, which can detect and count every fish that enters. This ladder—not visible to the public—consists of some 30 pools set in a zig-zag pattern within a piped tunnel.
There is a water gauging station at the Falls, measuring the flow into the fish pass. When low levels are detected, the flow is diverted over the falls, rather than through the pass, to ensure that flora in the gorge is protected.
The cafe building.
The first cafe at the falls was simply a wooden hut. In 1938 the Welsh architect Clough Williams-Ellis was consulted with regard to the design of a new building, the original design being for a building perched on the rocks above the falls, but this was never built. The current building dates from the 1950s and, although rather different from Williams-Ellis' design (drawings of which are displayed in the cafe's main room), is nevertheless an excellent example of his style, the cafe being "provided with a pediment in the Georgian style and an open loggia on the upper level."

</doc>
<doc id="20185379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185379" title="World village">
World village

World village is another term for global village.
World village may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20185381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185381" title="Jacques Blanc">
Jacques Blanc

Jacques Blanc (born 21 October 1939) is a French politician and former senator for the Lozère department. He is also mayor of La Canourgue and president of the Aubrac-Lot-Causse "communauté de communes". He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP).
Blanc was president of the Languedoc-Roussillon Region from 1986 to 2004. His final mandate proved controversial, as the Socialist Party won more seats (although short of an absolute majority) in the 1998 elections for the regional council than Blanc's RPR list: Blanc had to rely on the votes of the far-right National Front councillors to remain president.
Blanc was also "député" for the 2nd district of Lozère (the western part of the department) in the National Assembly from 2 April 1973 until his elevation to the Senate on 1 October 2001, except for the period 29 March 1977 – 31 March 1978 when he served in Raymond Barre's government as Secretary of State for Agriculture. On 25 September 2011, he lost the senatorial reelection (he was elected in 2001). Alain Bertrand, the leftist Mayor of Mende, Lozère, was elected in his place.

</doc>
<doc id="20185387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185387" title="Paul Blanc">
Paul Blanc

Paul Blanc (Ille-sur-Têt, 29 January 1937) is a member of the Senate of France since 1992, and re-elected in 2001, representing the Pyrénées-Orientales department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. He is also the mayor of Sournia, in Pyrénées-Orientales.

</doc>
<doc id="20185392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185392" title="Battle of Koregaon">
Battle of Koregaon

The Battle of Koregaon took place on January 1, 1818, at the bank of the river Bhima in Koregaon, northwest of Pune, India. A small force of 500 men of the 2nd Battle for twelve hours against a large force of 20,000 horse and 8,000 infantry of Peshwa Leader Peshwa Baji Rao II who was threatening the British garrisons at Kirkee and Poona.
In November 1817, Peshwas devastated the Regency of Pune giving no scope for the British army to retaliate successfully. The British commanding officer in Pune called the Chief of the second Battalion-first Regiment Native Infantry for help which was encamped in the Shirur Taluka of Pune district. This contingent, with only 500 foot soldiers and 250 cavalry both predominantly having with Schedule Caste defeated the mighty Peshwa army of 8,000 foot soldiers and 20,000 cavalry.
Beside very small force they, marched 43 Kilometres just before the night of battle, did not had food and water but they fought the battle with bravery. The Peshwa's troops inexplicably withdrew that evening, despite their overwhelming numbers, giving the British an important victory. The men of the 2/1st Regiment Bombay Native Infantry, who fought in this battle, were honored for their bravery. The official report to the British Residents at Poona recalls the "heroic valour and enduring fortitude" of the soldiers, the "disciplined intrepidity" and "devoted courage and admirable consistency" of their actions.
The battle started in the morning and by 9 pm Peshwa troops evacuated the village. This battle had unusual significance. First, the British army fought this battle with a minuscule army despite expecting the worst. Secondly, the battle of Koregaon was one of the most important events which helped tear down the Peshwa Empire and subsequently the Peshwa had to abdicate.
The battle is commemorated by an obelisk, known as the Koregaon pillar, which featured on the Mahar Regiment crest until Indian Independence. The monument has names inscribed of twenty two Mahars killed there, erected at the site of the battle and by a medal issued in 1851. Today, the monument "serves as a focal point of Mahar heroism". Ultimately, Peshwa lost the battle and Baji Rao was last Peshwa ruler. Historian have acknowledged this historical event and praised Mahars for their bravery. Many sections of society glorifies the Mahars who died in the battle, majority terms them as great hero who shown incredible perseverance and gallantry to defeat the might Peshwa.

</doc>
<doc id="20185395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185395" title="Kentucky (horse)">
Kentucky (horse)

Kentucky (foaled 1861, died 1875), was a successful American Thoroughbred racehorse who won 21 of his 23 starts, including 20 consecutive wins.
He was by Lexington, who sired three colts in 1861 (out of Glencoe mares) and would each become one of the best race horses in America – Norfolk, Asteroid and Kentucky. Norfolk and Asteroid went undefeated throughout their racing careers, and one of the few horses who ever defeated Kentucky was Norfolk. Kentucky's dam was Magnolia, by the imported British champion Glencoe; Glencoe stood at John Harper's Nantura Stock Farm in Kentucky. His sire line traced back to Herod.
A rangy bay with a narrow white stripe and white off-fore pastern, Kentucky was owned by John Hunter, one of the founders of the Saratoga Race Course and co-owner (and the first chairman) of The Jockey Club.
Racing record.
Probably trained by A.J. Minor (the facts are unclear), Kentucky won his only two-year-old start. At age three, racing for John Hunter, William R. Travers and George Osgood, he lost his second start in the inaugural Jersey Derby – coming in fourth to Norfolk. After that he won 20 consecutive races, including the first Travers Stakes in 1864 and the first two runnings of the Saratoga Cup at a distance of 2¼ miles. He also won the first Inaugural Stakes in four mile heats at the newly opened Jerome Park Racetrack. For three seasons (1864, 1865 and 1866), when races were two, three and four miles long, he was the undisputed champion of East Coast racing.
In 1866 he was sold for the then-enormous sum of $40,000 to Leonard Jerome, after whom the Jerome Handicap is named. Kentucky was then resold to Annieswood Stable (a partnership of August Belmont, Jr., John Hunter, Jerome, Cameron, and Travers). He was again sold at auction in October 1868, and Belmont bought him outright for $15,000.
Two match races were arranged by Joseph Kleb between Asteroid (the top horse in Kentucky) and Kentucky (the best horse in New York). Both owners were confident of winning the two matches – one in New York and one in Louisville for $20,000 winner-take-all. Unfortunately, Asteroid pulled a tendon during training and was retired before the match races were held.
He lost his only start at age six in 1867, the second loss of his entire career.
At stud.
In 1869 Belmont sent Kentucky to stand at his Babylon, New York Nursery Stud, where he sired the champion filly Woodbine (1869). He also produced the stakes winners Bertram (colt 1873), Elastic (filly 1871), Beatrice, Medora and Dublin.
He died at Nursery Stud in April 1875 – the same year his sire Lexington (the "Blind Hero of Woodburn") died. Kentucky was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20185405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185405" title="Beverly Sherwood">
Beverly Sherwood

Beverly Jean Sherwood (born May 29, 1947) is an American politician. She has served in the Virginia House of Delegates since 1994, representing the 29th district in the Shenandoah Valley, including the city of Winchester and parts of Frederick and Warren Counties. She is a member of the Republican Party.
Sherwood served on the Frederick County Board of Supervisors 1991–1993, before her election to the House to replace retiring Democrat Alson H. Smith.
Sherwood was chair of the House committee on Militia, Police and Public Safety 2002–2012. Since 2012, she has chaired the committee on Agriculture, Chesapeake and Natural Resources.
On June 11, 2013, Mark Berg defeated Sherwood in a Republican primary.

</doc>
<doc id="20185423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185423" title="Tricuspes">
Tricuspes

Tricuspes is an extinct genus of cynodont that lived in what would be Europe during the Triassic from 203.6—199.6 mya, existing for approximately . Three species are known: "Tricuspes tubingensis Huene", 1933, "Tricuspes sigogneauae Hahn" et al. 1994 and "Tricuspes tapeinodon Godefroit and Battail", 1997, which are all from the Late Triassic (Rhaetian) period in continental Europe. 
Places of discovery.
Teeth of "Tricuspes tubingensis Huene" have been found at the following locations:
Dentition.
This genus is represented only by isolated teeth found in continental Europe. Its postcanine molariform teeth are tricuspate or tetracuspate and the tooth roots are incipiently divided.
Further reading.
Zofia Kielan-Jaworowska, Richard L. Cifelli, and Zhe-Xi Luo, "Mammals from the Age of Dinosaurs: Origins, Evolution, and Structure" (New York: Columbia University Press, 2004), 186.

</doc>
<doc id="20185433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185433" title="Ubli, Podgorica">
Ubli, Podgorica

Ubli (Montenegrin and ) is a settlement in Podgorica Municipality, Montenegro. It is the historical seat of the Kuči clan. According to the 2003 census, the settlement had 341 inhabitants. Ubli consists of a town centre and a few villages. The town centre includes a local chancellery, a cultural hall, Police station, Health centre, market, local pubs, elementary school "Đoko Prelević" (70 students), etc. Villages which are part of Ubli and the surrounding area are Pavićevići, Prelevići, Kostrovići, Živkovići and Rajovići. The most inhabited places are Prelevići, Živkovići and Pavićevići. In the villages there exists two Orthodox churches and a local graveyard.
Ubli borders to nine smaller villages: in the south, Koći; west and southwest Bezjovo, Cvilin and Orahovo; north Momče, and from the east, southeast and northeast are Ubalac, Zagreda, Kosor, Dučići and Liješta.
Medun, a Roman town and birthplace of duke Marko Miljanov is situated four kilometres west of Ubli, while the distance to central Podgorica is 12 kilometres.
Population.
In 2003, Ubli had 341 residents, making it the most populated area in the highland region of Kuči. Montenegrins constitute the majority with 178 (52,19%), while Serbs number 147 (43,10%). 166 inhabitants are men and 175 are women. In the 1948 census, Ubli had 616 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="20185435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185435" title="Covington Astros">
Covington Astros

The Covington Astros were a minor league baseball team that played from 1967 to 1976 in the Appalachian League. Affiliated with the Houston Astros, they were located in Covington, Virginia. They played their home games at Casey Field.

</doc>
<doc id="20185439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185439" title="LGRC (disambiguation)">
LGRC (disambiguation)

LGRC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20185446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185446" title="1994 ATP German Open – Singles">
1994 ATP German Open – Singles

Michael Stich was the defending champion but Yevgeny Kafelnikov defeated him in the semi-finals 6–3, 6–4.
Andriy Medvedev defeated Yevgeny Kafelnikov in the final 6–4, 6–4, 3–6, 6–3.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20185451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185451" title="Traveller's Rest (Kearneysville, West Virginia)">
Traveller's Rest (Kearneysville, West Virginia)

Traveller's Rest — also known as the General Horatio Gates Home — is a historic house located near Kearneysville, Jefferson County, West Virginia. It was the home of General Horatio Gates. The eastern section was built in 1773, with the western added a few years later. The eastern section is a 1 1/2 story structure over a full basement, with a gable roof. It measures about 34 feet wide and 30 feet deep. The western section is also a 1 1/2 story structure with a full basement and measures about 16 feet wide and 30 feet deep.
Gates and his family sailed from England to Virginia in 1772 and bought on the Potomac River near Shepherdstown in what is now West Virginia. He built this limestone house and became a slave owner, a local justice, and a lieutenant colonel in the militia. In 1790, he sold the home, freed his slaves and moved to New York City.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20185453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185453" title="List of St. John's University alumni">
List of St. John's University alumni

Notable alumni of St. John's University (New York) that have an article about them include, alphabetically:

</doc>
<doc id="20185455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185455" title="Dancing Stars (Bulgarian TV series)">
Dancing Stars (Bulgarian TV series)

Dancing Stars is the Bulgarian adaptation of the BBC Worldwide format "Dancing With The Stars". The first season of the show started on 22 September 2008 and was aired on bTV. The first season of the show was hosted by Radost Draganova and Todor Kolev. It aired from Monday to Thursday with two live shows, on Monday (main show) and Thursday (results show) and two background episodes on Tuesday and Wednesday. Dancing stars 1 was produced by Old School Productions and proved to be a huge success reaching an average audience share of over 40%, beating Nova Television's Big Brother 4.
It is also called "Dancing Stars" on Austrian television and draws a comparable audience.

</doc>
<doc id="20185462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185462" title="Bean (name)">
Bean (name)


</doc>
<doc id="20185463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185463" title="Kamil Kuzma">
Kamil Kuzma

Kamil Kuzma (born 8 March 1988) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Spartak Trnava.
Club career.
Kuzma made his the Corgoň Liga debut in a 2–2 draw against Žilina on 28 April 2008. His first and also a winning goal he scored in a 2–1 home win against Trnava on 23 May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20185485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185485" title="Latin Grammy Award for Best Salsa Album">
Latin Grammy Award for Best Salsa Album

The Latin Grammy Award for Best Salsa Album is an honor presented annually by the Latin Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences at the Latin Grammy Awards, a ceremony that recognizes excellence and promotes a wider awareness of cultural diversity and contributions of Latin recording artists in the United States and internationally. According to the category description guide for the 2012 Latin Grammy Awards, the award is for vocal or instrumental salsa albums containing at least 51 percent of newly recorded material. It is awarded to solo artists, duos or groups.
The accolade for Best Salsa Album was first presented to Cuban singer Celia Cruz at the 1st Latin Grammy Awards ceremony in 2000 for her album "" (1999). She also holds the record for the most wins in the category, with three. Gilberto Santa Rosa holds the record for most nominations, with nine. Venezuelan musician Oscar D'León holds the record for most nominations without a win, with five. Puerto Rican artists have received this award more than any other nationality.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20185492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185492" title="Chris Garrett (politician)">
Chris Garrett (politician)

Chris Garrett (born December 26, 1973) is an attorney and a Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Oregon. In 2008, he was elected to the Oregon House of Representatives representing District 38, which includes most of Lake Oswego and portions of southwestern Portland. He was re-elected in 2010 and 2012. Garrett resigned on December 31, 2013 after Oregon Governor John Kitzhaber appointed Garrett to the Oregon Court of Appeals to replace retiring judge David Schuman.
Early life and career.
Garrett was born in Portland and graduated from Wilson High School. He earned a bachelor's degree in political science from Reed College in 1996 and a law degree from the University of Chicago Law School in 2000. He is of counsel with Perkins Coie in Portland.
Political career.
Garrett served as a senior policy advisor to Oregon Senate President Peter Courtney and also worked in the office of Oregon State Senator Richard Devlin. In 2008, Garrett was the Democratic nominee in House District 38 for the open seat left by Greg Macpherson, who was not seeking re-election. In the general election, Garrett defeated Steve Griffith 62% to 38%. He was re-elected in 2010 and again in 2012. 
Personal.
Garrett lives in Lake Oswego.

</doc>
<doc id="20185493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185493" title="A Grandpa for Christmas">
A Grandpa for Christmas

A Grandpa For Christmas is a 2007 Hallmark Channel original TV film starring Ernest Borgnine and Juliette Goglia.
Plot.
Bert (Ernest Borgnine) is a retired Hollywood actor who has been estranged from his only daughter Marie (Tracy Nelson) for many years. When she ends up in the hospital following a car accident, Social Services places her 10-year-old daughter, Becca (Juliette Goglia), with the grandfather she has never met. The generation gap is apparent as Bert and Becca try to adjust to their new lives together.
In taking in the granddaughter, he never knew about, he is faced with the resentment toward him due to these stories told by the grandmother. Bert is faced with the dilemma of whether to tell his granddaughter, and later his daughter, the truth, which if they believe him, may ruin their memory of the late grandmother, or stay quiet. The dilemma is resolved when one of Bert’s friends tells the mother the truth.
Reception.
In prime time, the movie led the network to rank #1 in the time period, #1 for the weekend, and #4 for the week. It was also the third-highest-ever-rated original movie premiere on Hallmark Channel to the premiere date.
Production notes.
David N. Lawrence wrote "A Christmas Song", the song that Becca sings at the recital.

</doc>
<doc id="20185499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185499" title="Metric Hosiery Company">
Metric Hosiery Company

The Metric Hosiery Company was a New York City firm which lost out to a rival business, when E. J. Korvette stores transferred their buying
of hosiery to Maro Industries. Gabriel I. Levy, a Yonkers lawyer, filed a $4.6 million damage suit in 1966. The former hosiery mill agent filed
the civil suit in United States District Court for the southern district of New York, in hopes of breaking up a one year old merger between Spartan Industries and E.J. Korvette.
Business history.
Metric Hosiery leased property at 442 "-" 448 Fourth Avenue (Manhattan), in January 1930. The business was listed as a new incorporation in November 1932. The owners' names were Weiss & Cahn and the business was located at 220 West 42nd Street (Manhattan). The corporation's initial market capitalization was $20,000. The manufacturer was represented in advertising by the Theodore J. Funt Company, in November 1945. At one point Metric Hosiery was a client of Raymond Loewy, "the father of industrial design".

</doc>
<doc id="20185509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185509" title="Mendota Lutheran Home">
Mendota Lutheran Home

The Mendota Lutheran Home, located in Mendota, Illinois, is a nursing home and sheltered living home. It has been in service since 1952. The Home is a non-profit organization affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. The facility provides long term nursing care, sheltered care, rehabilitation services in the form of speech, occupational and physical therapy, and is Medicare Certified.

</doc>
<doc id="20185525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185525" title="Polycera chilluna">
Polycera chilluna

Polycera chilluna is a species of sea slug, a nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae.

</doc>
<doc id="20185527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185527" title="National People's Movement">
National People's Movement

National People's Movement can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20185541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185541" title="Dhok Mughal Pathaan">
Dhok Mughal Pathaan

Dhok Mughal Pathaan is a village in the Jhelum District of Punjab, Pakistan.
The population of this village is approximately 50 people. Despite its extremely small community, the village is self-sufficient in all basic resources, including electricity, telephone and water. Gas hasn't been provided to the village, even though many strong promises were made by the previous and current political figures.
The history of this village dates back to around 300 years ago, when two brothers from Afghanistan migrated to Punjab. The name of the village reflects the background of the 2 brothers, who were of Pathaan origin and settled in an area of Mughal majority. According to village elders, the village is in its 7th generation.
Occupation of locals.
The majority of the people from this village are either abroad (UK, U.A.E., Saudi Arabia, Australia, America, New Zealand), are serving in the Pakistani army or are involved in farming.
The most influential figure of the village is General Mohammad Akram (Retired), who has served in key positions in the army, including core commander of Karachi and Lahore, and was QMJ at the time of his retirement. 
http://wikimapia.org/#lat=33.0769423&lon=73.2317281&z=19&l=0&m=b

</doc>
<doc id="20185546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185546" title="Përparim, Peqin">
Përparim, Peqin

Përparim is a municipality in the Peqin District, Elbasan County, central Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Galush, Lisnaj, Bicaj, Çaushaj, Përparim, Fatishe, Garunje e Madhë, Arven, Gjevur, Kodras, Lolaj, Katesh, Cobane and Urucaj.

</doc>
<doc id="20185550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185550" title="Minnesota History Center">
Minnesota History Center

The Minnesota History Center is a museum and library that serves as the headquarters of the Minnesota Historical Society. It is near downtown Saint Paul, Minnesota, and is considered one of Minnesota's finest public buildings.
The Center is on Kellogg Boulevard, between the Mississippi River and the Minnesota State Capitol. Before this building was built in 1992, the Minnesota Historical Society occupied what is now the Minnesota Judicial Center, originally built for the Society in 1917. Before that, the Society was housed in the basement of the State Capitol.
The Center hosts concerts, dance performances, lectures, conferences, meetings, dinners, political campaign events, memorial services, receptions, parties, and weddings; as many as 75,000 schoolchildren visit the History Center every year.
Architecture.
The Minneapolis architectural firm of Hammel Green and Abrahamson (HGA) designed the History Center's floor plan and exterior. HGA looked to Fort Snelling, the St. Paul's Cathedral and the Minnesota State Capitol for inspiration. One member of the History Center Planning Committee said, "We have envisioned a place that draws the public in, fires the imagination, and responds to its hunger for an understanding of the past. We have envisioned a building alive with people from morning until far into the evening...a vital cultural and educational center."
After ten years of planning and nearly three years of construction, The History Center opened in October 1992. The building features a central dome with two bordering wings, creating an L-shaped design. The north facade faces the Capitol, and the southeast facade overlooks a large lawn and terrace area. Bronze doors admit visitors into the Center's main entrance, on the west wall.
"Charm Bracelet" lies on the floor of the first-story rotunda. This project, sculpted by James Casebere, depicts a broken piece of jewelry in which each of ten "charms" represents an important aspect of Minnesota: a tractor (agriculture); a printer's ink roller (civic society and free speech); a tepee (the Dakota tribe); a mill building (lumbering and flour-milling); a house (family); a power plant (technology and industry); a turtle, bear and fish (nature, outdoor recreation, and Ojibwe totems of healing, defense and learning); and a whooping crane (lost wilderness and a metaphor for history).
The Minnesota History Center is one of the 26 Minnesota Historical Society sites and is home to the Minnesota Historical Society headquarters, the Society's collections, an expansive library, and of museum gallery space. The museum showcases interactive in-house-developed and traveling exhibits, as well as historical programming and lectures. The Center also contains conference rooms, the 3M Auditorium, Café Minnesota, two museum gift shops and of classroom space.
More than half of the building is underground, much of which is used for storage. The Minnesota History Center possesses over 1,000,000 artifacts, including archaeological objects, books, photographs, maps, paintings, prints, drawings, manuscripts, government records, newspapers and periodicals. Such artifacts are stored in the of storage space available in the Center. In this storage space, the shelves reach heights over 25 feet. The Center also has a conservation laboratory, where conservators repair, stabilize, and maintain the Society's thousands of valuable objects.
Minnesota Historical Society Library.
The Society's library, on the second floor of the History Center, offers resources for MHS members and guests. Two rooms, the Weyerhaeuser Reference Room and the Ronald M. Hubbs Microfilm Reading Room, make up the library area. The library often hosts classes on historical and genealogical research.

</doc>
<doc id="20185554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185554" title="Hankus Netsky">
Hankus Netsky

A multi-instrumentalist, composer, and ethnomusicologist, Hankus Netsky chairs the Contemporary Improvisation Departments at the New England Conservatory. Netsky is founder and director of the Klezmer Conservatory Band, an internationally renowned Yiddish music ensemble, and serves as research director of the Klezmer Conservatory Foundation, a non-profit organization dedicated to the preservation and perpetuation of traditional Eastern European Jewish music. He has taught Yiddish music at New England Conservatory, Hebrew College, McGill University, and Wesleyan University and has lectured extensively on the subject in the U.S., Canada, and Europe. He has also designed numerous Yiddish culture exhibits for the Yiddish Book Center, where he served as Vice President for Education. His essays on klezmer music have been published by the University of California Press, the University of Pennsylvania Press, the University of Scranton Press, the University Press of America, and Hips Road.
His film scores include, “Theo Bikel: In the Shoes of Sholom Aleichem,” (2013) “The Fool and the Flying Ship,”(1991) a Rabbit Ears children’s video narrated by Robin Williams, “The Forward: From Immigrants to Americans,” (1989) and “The Double Burden: Three Generations of Working Women.” (1992). He adapted and composed the scores to the musicals “Shlemiel the First” (1994) (for the American Repertory Theatre) and “King of the Schnorrers”(2013)and composed the incidental music for the NPR radio series, “Jewish Stories From Eastern Europe and Beyond.” His other significant compositions include “The Trees Of The Dancing Goats,” for Rabbit Airs Radio (PRI) and “Chagall’s Mandolins,” commissioned by the Niew Sinfonietta of Amsterdam. Netsky is currently an instructor in jazz and contemporary improvisation at the New England Conservatory in Boston. He holds a Ph.D. in Ethnomusicology from Wesleyan University and Bachelors and Masters degrees in composition from New England Conservatory. He has also taught Yiddish Music at Hebrew College, the New England Conservatory, and Wesleyan University, and has lectured extensively on the subject in the US and abroad.
Netsky is musical director for “Eternal Echoes, violinist Itzhak Perlman’s Sony recording and international touring project featuring cantor Yitzkhak Meir Helfgot and “In The Fiddler’s House,” a klezmer music video, recording, and touring project. He served as musical director and arranger for Joel Grey’s “Borshtcapades ’94,” and was artistic director for “A Taste of Passover,” and “A Taste of Chanukah,” PBS and PRI concert productions that featured Theodore Bikel, recorded live at New England Conservatory and broadcast nationally. He was a consultant, arranger, and featured performer on “To Life! America Celebrates Israel’s 50th,” broadcast internationally by CBS. In December 2002 he conducted the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra in a special holiday program also featuring the Klezmer Conservatory Band. He has produced numerous recordings, including ten by the Klezmer Conservatory Band.
He has been the recipient of the New England Conservatory’s outstanding alumni award and the Yosl Mlotek Award for the perpetuation of Yiddish culture and was honored twice by New England Conservatory for excellence in teaching with the Louis Krasner and Lawrence Lesser awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20185555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185555" title="Edward T. Scott">
Edward T. Scott

Edward T. "Ed" Scott (born August 6, 1965) is an American politician. Since 2004 he has served in the Virginia House of Delegates, representing the 30th district in the Virginia Piedmont, including Madison and Orange Counties, plus part of Culpeper County. He is a member of the Republican Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20185568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185568" title="Marie-Christine Blandin">
Marie-Christine Blandin

Marie-Christine Blandin (born 22 September 1952, Roubaix) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Nord department. She is a member of Europe Écologie–The Greens.

</doc>
<doc id="20185580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185580" title="Raymond Pitcairn">
Raymond Pitcairn

Raymond Pitcairn (1885 – July 12, 1966), son of PPG Industries founder John Pitcairn, was a lawyer, a businessman, a collector of ancient and medieval art, and an amateur architect. He supervised the building of the Bryn Athyn Cathedral and his own castle-mansion of Glencairn. 
Pitcairn was also quite politically active. A Republican, he served as one of the delegates to Pennsylvania's convention to ratify the Twenty-first Amendment in 1933, and was one of Pennsylvania's delegates to the 1956 Republican National Convention.
Pitcairn died on July 12, 1966, and was buried at Bryn Athyn Cemetery, in Bryn Athyn, Pennsylvania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20185582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185582" title="Maryvonne Blondin">
Maryvonne Blondin

Maryvonne Blondin (born 20 January 1947) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Finistère department. She is a member of the Socialist Party.
She became assistant mayor of Ergué-Gabéric in 1989. In 2001, she was elected Counsel General of Finistere (Bretagne) and will become as a consequence one of the vice-presidents of the Counsel General. She was elected Senator on September 22, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20185587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185587" title="Pajovë">
Pajovë

Pajovë is a municipality in the Peqin District, Elbasan County, central Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Pajovë, Gryksh i Madh, Bishqem, Paulesh, Bishqem Fushë, Leqit, Lazaren, Haspiraj, Hasnjok, Cengelaj, Garunje e Papërit and Cacabeze.

</doc>
<doc id="20185595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185595" title="Protracted social conflict">
Protracted social conflict

Protracted social conflict is a technical term in a theory developed by Edward Azar. It generally refers to conflicts described by other researchers as "protracted" or "intractable", i.e. as complex, severe, commonly enduring, and often violent.
When a group's identity is threatened or frustrated, intractable conflict is almost inevitable. "Protracted social conflict" as Edward Azar termed it, denotes hostile interactions between communal groups that are based in deep-seated racial, ethnic, religious and cultural hatreds, and that persist over long periods of time with sporadic outbreaks of violence.
Definition of protracted social conflict.
Protracted social conflict is a theory developed by Edward Azar. The term refers to conflict situations characterized by the prolonged and often violent struggle by communal groups for such basic needs as security, recognition, acceptance, fair access to political institutions, and economic participation.
The communal groups may experience deep-seated cleavages based upon racial, religious, cultural or ethnic lines. These cleavages are characterized by continuing hostility with sporadic outbreaks of violence; and caused by the frustration of human needs for security, recognition, and distributive justice.
Such identity-driven rifts are the result of an underlying fear of extinction that often grows within vulnerable ethnic groups who live with the memories or fear of persecution and massacre. Ethnic divisions and perceived threats often result in the domination of the state machinery by a single group or coalition of elites who deny access to basic human needs for the majority of the population.
Preconditions to violent conflict.
Azar argued that the denial of basic human needs to a large portion of the population initiated instances of protracted social violence. Four preconditions are isolated by Azar as the predominant sources of protracted social conflict: communal content, deprivation of human needs, governance and the State's role, and international linkages.
Communal content.
This element, which contributes to the initial creation of protracted social conflict, consists of the fact that people involved in protracted social conflicts create their own identity groups. Azar notes, "that it is the relationship between identity groups and the states, which is at the core of the problem." He also cited the "disarticulation between the state and society as a whole" as a source of violence within a society.
This precondition also involves the reliance that many people have on their social groups; because governments in areas that experience protracted social conflict are often unable, incapable or unwilling to provide basic human necessities to the population, individuals turn to their social groups for stability. The resultant disconnection of society and the state can be linked to the colonial legacy, which, "artificially imposed European ideas of territorial statehood onto a multitude of communal groups."
This results in the domination of certain identity groups over others. The dominant group isolates itself from the needs of other groups, leading to an even bigger separation between groups even within an ethnicity. To overcome this division of society, national identity must be stressed over individual group identity.
Deprivation of human needs.
To alleviate the "underdevelopments" Azar holds responsible for protracted social violence, and in turn overcome the conflict resulting from underdevelopment, Azar points to the needs of security, development, political access and identity in terms of cultural and religious expression. Azar refers to these needs as non-negotiable; therefore, if these needs are not met, people will inevitably want a structural change to take place. Such a need for structural change is likely to result in a violent conflict.
This in turn emphasizes Azar's theory that the "deprivation of human needs is the underlying source of protracted social conflict" where conflict is emphasized by the collective grievances of a group of people. To overcome this deprivation of human needs to entire groups of people, the government must offer security on a multiplicity of levels to all of the constituent population.
Governance and the State's role.
With government being "endowed with the authority to govern and use force where necessary to regulate society, to protect citizens, and to provide collective goods," the government plays a leading role in the satisfaction or lack of satisfaction of minority and identity groups.
Azar states that protracted social conflicts can be characterized by "incompetent, parochial, fragile, and authoritarian governments that fail to satisfy basic human needs." It is said that governments, expected to be unbiased and impartial, tend to be dominated by the leading identity groups or those groups that have been able to monopolize power within a country or territorial entity. This creates a "crisis of legitimacy" in the governance of these countries. The structure of the government needs to be changed so that all citizens are equally cared for and equally represented without bias or corruption.
International linkages.
This involves the "political–economic relations of economic dependency within the international economic system, and the network of political-military linkages constituting regional and global patterns of clientage and cross-border interest."
Weaker states, like those often involved in protracted social conflict, tend to be more influenced by outside connections both economically and politically. For example, many states are dependent on an external supply of armament. To overcome the dominance of the international economy, the country in question must work to build institutions that can ease global dependency and stimulate domestic economic growth.
Resolving protracted social conflict.
As Edward Azar stated:
Conflict resolution approaches that focus on resources, or the interests of parties, may be appropriate means of conflict resolution in conflicts where the only issues are those of resource and interests; however, in protracted social conflicts the main issue is identity-based. Therefore, to be effective, a conflict resolution framework must specifically emphasize the needs and identities of the conflicting parties.
ARIA model.
Rothman developed a unique approach of conflict resolution that is specifically designed to mitigate protracted social conflict. He terms this approach the ARIA model. In contrast to the model of interactive conflict resolution (ICR) that Fisher proposed in 1996, which includes identity as one of many human needs, the ARIA model "keeps its focus more narrowly attuned to identity issues in particular." Rothman and Olson suggest that conflict can only be truly resolved when identity issues have been sufficiently addressed.
The ARIA model is a comprehensive, yet specific approach to resolving protracted social conflict. It attempts to break down "the barrier of identity through a four-phased process." The various stages of the ARIA model are outlined below:
Antagonism (adversarial framing).
This first step focuses on the tangible "what of the conflict." It is defined in "us" versus "them" terms and calls on the various entities to elaborate and make clear their underlying values and needs. By bringing animosities to the forefront, it is hoped that the mutual benefits of ending the conflict can be realized.
Resonance (reflexive–reframing).
After parties have articulated their animosities, the next stage is termed the reflexive–reframing stage where the "why" and "who" of the issue is examined. The identity needs of all sides are brought to the forefront with the goal of getting "the disputants to move from positional bargaining to interest-based approaches." Rothman and Olson suggest that the parties should now engage in a "deep dialogue" to give a voice and structure to the underlying needs of the various parties. The needs of the various parties are, in turn, the underlying causes of the conflict. The effect of this stage is termed resonance, as each side has articulated their core concerns and heard the concerns of the other actors. At this point, actors begin to see where their identities converge, and where they diverge.
Invention.
The third stage is termed "inventing" and focuses on the "how" of "cooperatively resolving the conflict and its core through integrative solutions." This stage suggests a mutual attempt by all actors involved to create a mean of ending the conflict. It is suggested by Rothman and Olson that since both parties have now come to recognize the other's identity through the two previous stages, "they can concretely explore collaboratively how the tangible issues ... of the conflict can be resolved without threatening the identity of the other." The invention of possible means of solutions leads directly to the fourth stage.
Action.
The fourth and final stage of the ARIA model addresses the "why" and "who" of the conflict, as well as the "how" of cooperation through the tangible "what" of solutions. Here, the conflict resolution process based on identity is completed by the concrete outlining of future actions. This stage leads to the tangible resolution of the conflict.
Protracted social conflict in Sri Lanka.
The Sri Lankan conflict exists primarily between the two majority ethnic groups, the Sinhalese, who are mostly Buddhist and represent around 74% of the population, and the Tamil, who are mostly Hindu, representing around 18%. The majority of Tamils live in northern and eastern provinces and claim them as their traditional homeland.
Since its independence in 1948 there has been a conflict between Sinhalese, which gained control over the Sri Lankan government, and different Tamil separatist movements. Among the Sinhalese, the anti-Tamil chauvinism started to spread and the Tamils were more and more disadvantaged and excluded. The incidents escalated into a war in July 1983, after the island-wide pogrom against Tamils.
Tamil secessionists saw the establishment of their own separate state as the only way for securing their people. The war, that has continued since then, has almost completely disrupted civil administration in the northern province and caused economic devastation of the whole country. As a consequence of this ethno-political violence around 65,000 people have been killed, hundreds of thousands injured, and millions displaced.
Among various Tamil separatist groups that have emerged, the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) have risen as the dominant fighting force in Sri Lanka. Their tactics, proscribed as terrorist by many countries, are ruthless, brutal and highly efficient in eliminating their opposition. They run a parallel government in many areas of the north and east of Sri Lanka.
Since the start of war there were some attempts to reach a ceasefire. In 2002 the Ceasefire agreement was signed, and the government agreed to disarm all paramilitary groups in the north and east. But hostilities continued and even intensified.
Government security forces conquered the LTTE on May 19,2009 ending the conflict.
Protracted social conflict in Cyprus.
Before the independence of Cyprus, the island's Greek and Turkish communities coexisted relatively peacefully. The major conflict began with the independence in 1960, when Greek community wanted a union with Greece, to which the Turkish community opposed. The 1960 constitution brought a complex system of power-sharing, but both groups wanted to gain more advantages.
When Greek Cypriots wanted to reduce autonomy and representation of Turkish Cypriots, the latter opposed it and intercommunal violence broke out. That led the two communities to embark on a hostile and protracted process of separation and segregation.
With the military coup in 1974 the situation erupted into a major crisis. Turkish military intervention followed and Turkish forces occupied around 38% of the northern part of the island. This invasion caused an exodus of about 160,000 Greek Cypriots to the south. Later voluntary regrouping of population resulted in another 10,000 Greek Cypriots leaving the northern part, and 40,000 Turkish Cypriots moving to the north, which created two homogeneous ethnic zones on the island.
In 1975 the northern part declared Turkish Federated State of Cyprus, which declared independence in 1983 as the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, recognized only by Turkey. In 1990s the southern Republic of Cyprus applied for a membership in the European Union, and the Turkish Cypriots on the other side turned to Turkey.
Although the Cyprus conflict now lasts for a long time, its resolution does not seem to be close. Numerous peace proposal and plans have been made, but more or less unsuccessful. The pre-1974 proposals of different federal or centralist arrangements failed as one or the other side rejected them. The division in 1974 changed the demographics of Cyprus dramatically, putting it in a position where federalist model would be the most appropriate. But again, because of opposing interests all the proposals failed.

</doc>
<doc id="20185599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185599" title="Frank Morgan (mathematician)">
Frank Morgan (mathematician)

Frank Morgan is an American mathematician and the Webster Atwell '21 Professor of Mathematics at Williams College, specialising in geometric measure theory and minimal surfaces. He is most famous for proving the Double Bubble conjecture, that the minimum-surface-area enclosure of two given volumes is formed by three spherical patches meeting at 120-degree angles at a common circle. Morgan is a vice-president-elect of the American Mathematical Society.
Morgan studied at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Princeton University, and received his Ph.D. from Princeton in 1977, under the supervision of Frederick J. Almgren, Jr.. He taught at MIT for ten years before joining the Williams faculty.
Current work.
Frank Morgan is the founder of SMALL, one of the largest and best known summer undergraduate Mathematics research programs. The National Science Foundation has recently announced the award of a three-year $145,445 grant to him. Morgan and his students will research manifolds with density, a generalization of Riemannian manifolds, long prominent in probability and of rapidly growing interest in geometry. Manifolds, or topological spaces that are locally Euclidean, can be understood intuitively as surfaces. This work will build on research conducted by Morgan and his students over the summer.
Specifically, Morgan intends to approach this area by studying the isoperimetric problem for manifolds with density such as Gauss space, the premier example of a manifold with density. Isoperimetric problems, which involve finding a closed curve of fixed length, which encloses the greatest area in the plane, have applications in probability theory, in Riemannian geometry, and in Grigori Perelman’s proof of the Poincaré conjecture.
Frank Morgan is also an avid dancer. He gained temporary fame for his work "Dancing the Parkway".
Awards and honors.
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20185604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185604" title="Yannick Bodin">
Yannick Bodin

Yannick Bodin (born August 8, 1942 in Dinan, Côtes-d'Armor) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Seine-et-Marne department. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20185615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185615" title="Nicole Bonnefoy">
Nicole Bonnefoy

Nicole Bonnefoy (born 11 August 1958) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Charente department. She is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20185631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185631" title="Shezë">
Shezë

Shezë is a municipality in the Peqin District, Elbasan County, central Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Shezë e Vogël, Shezë e Madhë, Pekisht, Trash, Algjinaj, Gryksh i Vogël and Karthnek.

</doc>
<doc id="20185639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185639" title="Pierre Bordier">
Pierre Bordier

Pierre Bordier (born 21 June 1945) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Yonne department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20185642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185642" title="Enanthem">
Enanthem

Enanthem or enanthema are medical terms for a rash (small spots) on the mucous membranes. These are characteristic of patients with smallpox, measles, and chicken pox.
It can also indicate hypersensitivity.
Enanthema can present with viral exanthema.

</doc>
<doc id="20185645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185645" title="Konrad (assassin)">
Konrad (assassin)

Konrad is a fictional character in William Gibson's novel "All Tomorrow's Parties". An anonymous and quasi-mystical assassin, Konrad is moved by the Tao in all his actions, heedless of the demands of his employers. He is clad in nondescript clothing and carries a tantō, which he wields with sublime and thoughtless skill. He is haunted by the memory of his lost lover, Lise.
__NOTOC__
Characteristics.
Konrad is portrayed as a mysterious, strangely philosophical corporate assassin. He is described as a retainer for media baron Cody Harwood although his employer does not seem to issue specific orders, nor does Konrad demonstrate a willingness to obey. Thus, Konrad's professional relationship to Harwood is a peculiar one; neither truly needs the other but the relationship is maintained nonetheless for collateral reasons.
Konrad is described in "All Tomorrow's Parties" as a slim, middle-aged man with short, grey hair and a vaguely academic resemblance like that of a professor. He wears a dark green woolen coat, dark grey pants, black leather shoes and round, gold-rimmed glasses; similar, then, in appearance to the author himself. In the considered opinion of "The Washington Post"'s reviewer Michael Dirda, Konrad "nearly steals the book away".
Philosophical assassin.
Konrad follows the Chinese philosophy of Taoism, aligning his movements with the spontaneous, universal energy path of the Tao. Throughout the novel, he continually appeals to the Tao to guide and interpret his actions. Little is revealed about Konrad's past; there are, however, hints of a previous army service (some of his actions are described as 'military') and his nostalgic, jaded view of cities suggests that his work has taken him to many places around the world. "The New York Times" characterized his perspective as "sentimentalist".
Konrad is trained in the art of Argentine knife-fighting which he learned on a beach in Cuba. His weapon of choice is the tantō, a shorter version of the Japanese katana sword. He carries the tantō concealed under his armpit using a magnetic clip which grasps the blade, leaving the hilt swinging freely. His skill with the weapon is absolute and is continually compared to the sublime, transcendent, thoughtless skill of an enlightened martial artist. Gibson arrived at the character of Konrad through witnessing the serenity, the alert, relaxed presentness, the inner transparent stillness of an FBI sniper he serendipitously encountered.
A chance apophenic glimpse of a stranger stepping onto Market Street, San Francisco (the city in which the novel is set) shortly before he began writing the novel drew the character, and his lost love—a blonde-haired, blue-eyed woman named Lise, whose image haunts Konrad's dreams—from Gibson's imagination:

</doc>
<doc id="20185657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185657" title="Vikas Kashalkar">
Vikas Kashalkar

Dr. Vikas Kashalkar (born 16 July 1950) is a noted Hindustani classical vocalist, scholar, teacher and musicologist. He has received training in the Gwalior, Jaipur and Agra gharanas. He hails from a family with music tradition.
Early life.
Dr. Kashalkar was born in Pandharkawada, Maharashtra. He was initiated in music from his father N D Kashalkar, a lawyer by profession and a renowned musicologist and writer.
Tutelage.
The tradition of Guru-shishya tradition plays an important role in Hindustani classical music. Vikas Kashalkar received his advanced training in music from Pandit Gajananrao Joshi, a stalwart of the Gwalior gharana and a violin virtuoso. Dr. Kashalkar's singing reflects all the facets of systematic training : 'Talim ka Gana', in the language of the music connoisseurs.
Career.
Vikas Kashalkar worked as a Producer at Balbharati, Pune. He retired from Balbharati and now teaches music along with performances all over India and abroad. He regularly performs on Doordarshan & All India Radio.
Dr Kashalkar is a recognized guide for Hindustani Classical Vocal (Gwalior Gharana) at Lalit Kala Kendra, University of Pune. He also guides Phd students at S.N.D.T University and Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya Mandal, Mumbai.
As a Musician.
Dr. Kashalkar’s guru Pandit Gajananrao Joshi a stalwart of Gwalior gharana had a long tradition of this gharana from Pt. Balkrishnabua Ichalkaranjikar to Pt. Anant Manohar Joshi to himself. Along with Gwalior Gharana Gajananbuwa learnt from other gharanas viz. Agra & Jaipur.
Vikas Kashalkar has melodious voice and intricacies of ‘Tanas’ give immense joy to the listeners. His style is deeply rooted in traditions but due to his imagination and thought process there is always a feeling of newness in his rendering.
He has a large repertoire of uncommon and mixed ragas and he presents many of them with great mastery and ease. Apart from Pandit Gajananrao Joshi, Pt. Mallikarjun Mansur, Surashri Kesarbai Kerkar, Pt. Bhimsen Joshi and Dr.Prabha Atre also influenced him. His Tana patterns incorporate the behlaos peculiar to Jaipur style. His tana patterns have different varieties like saral, vakra, bol tana, mukhbandi and so on. He is also a composer of new bandishes. His voice is distinctively known for quality, volume and vigor. He is gifted with a mellifluous and flexible voice and tremendous ability to make an immediate impact on the audience. Connoisseurs and common listeners alike enjoy his concerts. He also effectively presents Thumris, Bhajans at times. The effectiveness of his music is greatly enhanced by his joyous and amiable disposition. He is also continuously involved in exploring new possibilities of Tana pattern.
Dr. Kashalkar has been awarded a PhD (Sangeetacharya) by the Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya for his work in the field of “Creativity in Music”
He is certified “A” grade artist on All India Radio (AIR).
As a teacher.
Dr. Kashalkar strongly believes in sharing his wealth of knowledge to interested students. He has teaching sessions almost every day in Pune. He is one of the first Hindustani Classical vocalists who started teaching online and due tho this his shishya pariwar is spread all around the world. He is closely associated with Shadjamadhyam, a web portal for teaching vocal music online. He teaches music to students from USA, Europe and other countries. Several of his students have already established themselves as concert vocalists. Manjusha Patil, Aparna Gurav, Hrishikesh Ghangurde, Mukul Kulkarni & Matt Rahaim are few of them.
Apart from this he is a Guest educator for under-graduate, post graduate and PhD students at Center for Performing Arts, Lalit Kala Kendra, University of Pune since 1987.
He is guide to PhD students of S.N.D.T University and Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya Mandal, Mumbai. He works as an examiner for PhD thesis in various centers like Aurangabad, Kolhapur and Amravati in Maharashtra India. He is guest Lecturer for NET guidance workshop at SNDT, Pune. Also works as a guide to Refresher Course for teachers, SNDT University, Pune.
A number of students are working for PhD under his guidance. Many of his students have been awarded the “Sangeetacharya” Degree.
Other work.
He has published many articles in news papers as well as in Magazines. in Sawai Gandharva Music Festival (Sawai Gandharva Bhimsen Samaroh 2011) Vikas has wonderfully interviewed Legendary Swaryogini Dr. Prabha Atre in interactive session "Antarang" which was a rare opportunity to listen and interact with the living legend. This was another fine facet of Vikas. (on - 10 December 2011 at Pune)

</doc>
<doc id="20185659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185659" title="Didier Borotra">
Didier Borotra

Didier Borotra (born 30 August 1937 in Nantes) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department. He is a member of the Centrist Union and of the MoDem.

</doc>
<doc id="20185665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185665" title="Latin Grammy Award for Best Singer-Songwriter Album">
Latin Grammy Award for Best Singer-Songwriter Album

The Latin Grammy Award for Best Singer-Songwriter Album is an honor presented annually at the Latin Grammy Awards, a ceremony that recognizes excellence and creates a wider awareness of cultural diversity and contributions of Latin recording artists in the United States and internationally. According to the category description guide for the 13th Latin Grammy Awards, the award is reserved for solo artists or duos and they "must compose and interpret 75 percent of the album on their own to be eligible in this category". Additionally, live albums are eligible if they contain at least 51 percent of new unreleased material released within the eligibility period. 
The accolade for Best Singer-Songwriter Album was first presented to American performer and musician Soraya at the 5th Latin Grammy Awards in 2004 for her eponymous fourth studio album (2003). Caetano Veloso and Gian Marco Zignago have received the most wins in this category, with three. Guatemalan singer Ricardo Arjona has the highest number of nominations without a single win, with three unsuccessful nominations. For the first time in the category's history, in 2011, a tie was declared with the award given to Zignago for "Días Nuevos" and to Cuban artist Amaury Gutiérrez for "Sesiones Intimas".
Recipients.
</noinclude><noinclude>
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20185678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185678" title="Yannick Botrel">
Yannick Botrel

Yannick Botrel (born 9 December 1951) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Côtes-d'Armor department. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20185680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185680" title="Wilfred G. Lambert">
Wilfred G. Lambert

Wilfred George Lambert FBA (26 February 1926 – 9 November 2011) was a historian and archaeologist, a specialist in Assyriology and Near Eastern Archaeology.
Early life.
Lambert was born in Birmingham, and, having won a scholarship, he was educated at King Edward’s School, Birmingham. He obtained two degrees, in Classics and Oriental Languages, at Christ's College, University of Cambridge.
Academic career.
Lambert taught and researched at the University of Birmingham for thirty years, during which period he made weekly trips to work on deciphering cuneiform tablets in the British Museum. After retirement he worked with the Museum on their Catalogue of the Western Asiatic Seals Project, dealing with the inscriptions on the seals. In January 2010 Professor Lambert and Dr Irving Finkel identified pieces from a cuneiform tablet that was inscribed with the same text as the Cyrus Cylinder.
Lambert was an external consultant for the Chicago Assyrian Dictionary. His work, 'Introduction: the transmission of the literary and scholarly texts', in "Cuneiform Texts in the Metropolitan Museum of Art II: Literary and scholastic texts of the first millennium BC", was used as background material for The Higher Education Academy's project, "Knowledge and Power in the Neo-Assyrian Empire". He was also noted for his new discoveries in relation to the Gilgamesh text.
Personal life.
Lambert was a Christadelphian, and a conscientious objector. From 1944 he worked in a horticultural nursery north of Birmingham in lieu of military service and supervised Italian prisoners of war in their work. Later, in his spare time, he was editor of one of his church's quarterly magazines.
Appointments and Memberships.
Lambert was elected a Fellow of the British Academy in 1971. He was also a presenting member of the Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale (International Congress of Assyriology and Near Eastern Archaeology).
Bibliography.
This is a partial bibliography:

</doc>
<doc id="20185687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185687" title="Didier Boulaud">
Didier Boulaud

Didier Boulaud (born 4 September 1950) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Nièvre department. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20185688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185688" title="PS Political Science &amp; Politics">
PS Political Science &amp; Politics

PS: Political Science & Politics (PS) provides critical analysis of contemporary political phenomena and is the journal of record for the discipline of political science reporting on research, teaching, and professional development. PS, begun in 1968, is the only quarterly professional news and commentary journal in the field and is the prime source of information on political scientists' achievements and professional concerns.
PS Editorial Board.
The 15-member PS Editorial Board advises the editor-in-chief in matters involving the journal. Members of the board review essays submitted for inclusion in the journal, offering comments and suggestions on publication. Members serve a three-year term and are appointed by the president of the American Political Science Association.
Editor in chief.
The current editor in chief is Robert J-P. Hauck.

</doc>
<doc id="20185689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185689" title="Insall">
Insall

People with the surname Insall include:

</doc>
<doc id="20185692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185692" title="Gjoçaj">
Gjoçaj

Gjoçaj is a municipality in the Peqin District, Elbasan County, central Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Gjoçaj, Celhakaj, Hasmashaj, Kurtaj, Vashaj, Rrumbullak, Bregas, Bardhas and Blinas.

</doc>
<doc id="20185697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185697" title="Yaxley Halt railway station">
Yaxley Halt railway station

Yaxley Halt railway station was located in Yaxley, Suffolk. It was midway along a branch line from Mellis to the terminus at Eye which opened in 1867. Yaxley Halt did not open until 20 December 1922 and closed in 1931 when passenger trains were withdrawn from the branch.
The station was situated adjacent to the Ipswich to Norwich main road (the A140) which passed over the railway at this point on a bridge known as the "Dukes Bridge". On inclement days passengers used to shelter under the bridge as the platform was a very basic affair with name board and oil lamp. Passenger trains carried a ladder by which passengers could board and alight.
Freight traffic continued on the Eye Branch until 1964 when the line closed. It was lifted in 1965.
The 1925 1:2500 map indicated a roman coin was found on the line just to the east of the station.
Former services

</doc>
<doc id="20185698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185698" title="Alima Boumediene-Thiery">
Alima Boumediene-Thiery

Alima Boumediene-Thiery (born 24 July 1956) was a Member of the European Parliament (1999-2004) and a member of the Senate of France (2004-2011), representing the city of Paris. She was a member of the French Green party. She took part in the 1983 March for Equality and against Racism.

</doc>
<doc id="20185707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185707" title="Edward Azar">
Edward Azar

Edward Azar (1938 in Lebanon – 1991) was a professor of government and politics. He studied International Relations at the graduate level at Stanford University where he got his Ph.D. He taught at the University of North Carolina, Michigan State University and San Francisco State University. Azar developed the theory of protracted social conflict. He was head of the Centre for International Development and Conflict Management at the University of Maryland, College Park from 1981 to 1990. 
He died of cancer in 1991 at the age of 53.

</doc>
<doc id="20185713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185713" title="Joël Bourdin">
Joël Bourdin

Joël Bourdin (born 25 January 1938) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Eure department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20185716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185716" title="Karinë">
Karinë

Karinë is a municipality in the Peqin District, Elbasan County, central Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Karinë, Kazije, Rrozej, Progem, Sinametaj, Drangaj and Garunje.

</doc>
<doc id="20185730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185730" title="Sloughin' Blue">
Sloughin' Blue

"Sloughin' Blue" is the sixth single by Japanese electronica/rock band Boom Boom Satellites. It was initially released on January 24, 2001, as the second single from their second album "Umbra".

</doc>
<doc id="20185732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185732" title="Anterior interosseous syndrome">
Anterior interosseous syndrome

Anterior interosseous syndrome or Kiloh-Nevin syndrome I is a medical condition in which damage to the anterior interosseous nerve (AIN), a motor branch of the median nerve, causes pain in the forearm and a characteristic weakness of the pincer movement of the thumb and index finger.
Most cases of AIN syndrome are due to a transient neuritis, although compression of the AIN can happen. Trauma to the median nerve have also been reported as a cause of AIN syndrome.
Although there is still controversy among upper extremity surgeons, AIN syndrome is now regarded as a neuritis (inflammation of the nerve) in most cases; this is similar to parsonage-turner syndrome. Although the exact etiology is unknown, there is evidence that it is caused by an immune mediated response. 
Studies are limited, and no randomized controlled trials have been performed regarding the treatment of AIN syndrome. While the natural history of AIN syndrome is not fully understood, studies following patients who have been treated without surgery show that symptoms can resolve starting as late as one year after onset. Other retrospective studies have shown that there is no difference in outcome in surgically versus nonsurgically treated patients. Surgical decompression is rarely indicated in AIN syndrome. Indications for considering surgery include a known space-occupying lesion that is compressing the nerve (a mass) and persistent symptoms beyond 1 year of conservative treatment.
History.
The syndrome was first described by Parsonage and Turner in 1948⁠ and further defined as isolated lesion of the anterior interosseous nerve by Leslie Gordon Kiloh and Samuel Nevin in 1952.
Anatomy.
The anterior interosseous nerve is a motor branch of the median nerve, which arises just below the elbow. It passes distally in the anterior interosseous membrane and innervates the long flexor muscles of the thumb, index and middle finger.
Symptoms.
Most patients experience poorly localised pain in the forearm. The pain is sometimes referred into the cubital fossa and elbow pain has been reported as being a primary complaint.⁠
The characteristic impairment of the pincer movement of the thumb and index finger is most striking.
Clinical signs.
In a pure lesion of the anterior interosseous nerve there may be weakness of the long flexor muscle of the thumb (Flexor pollicis longus), the deep flexor muscles of the index and middle fingers (Flexor digitorum profundus I & II), and the pronator quadratus muscle.
If asked to make the "OK" sign, patients will make a triangle sign instead.
This 'Pinch-Test' exposes the weakness of the Flexor pollicis longus muscle and the flexor digitorum profundus I leading to weakness of the flexion of the distal phalanges of the thumb and index finger. This results in impairment of the pincer movement and the patient will have difficulty picking up a small item, such as a coin, from a flat surface.
There is little sensory deficit since the anterior interosseous nerve has no cutaneous branch.
Causes.
Injuries of the forearm with compression of the nerve is the most common cause: examples include
supracondylar fractures, often associated with haemorrhage into the deep musculature;
injury secondary to open reduction of a forearm fracture; or dislocation of the elbow.⁠⁠
Direct trauma from a penetrating injury such as a stab wound is a common cause for the syndrome.
Fibrous bands or arcuate ligaments may entrap the median as well as the anterior interosseous nerves, in which case a patient may experience numbness as well as pain.⁠⁠
Rheumatoid disease and gouty arthritis may be a predisposing factor in anterior interosseous nerve entrapment.
Very similar syndromes can be caused by more proximal lesions, such as brachial plexus neuritis.⁠
Anterior interosseous nerve entrapment or compression injury remains a difficult clinical diagnosis because it is mainly a motor nerve and the syndrome is often mistaken for finger ligamentous injury.⁠
Diagnosis.
Electrophysiologic testing is an essential part of the evaluation of Anterior interosseous nerve syndromes. Nerve conduction studies may be normal or show pronator quadratus latency.⁠⁠
Electromyography (EMG) is generally most useful and will reveal abnormalities in the flexor pollicis longus, flexor digitorum profundus I and II and pronator quadratus muscles.⁠⁠
The role or MRI and ultrasound imaging in the diagnosis of Kiloh-Nevin syndrome is unclear.⁠
Treatment.
Surgical decompression can give excellent results if the clinical picture and the EMG suggest a compression neuropathy.
In brachial plexus neuritis, conservative management may be more appropriate.
Spontaneous recovery has been reported, but is said to be delayed and incomplete.
There is a role for physiotherapy and this should be directed specifically towards the pattern of pain and symptoms. Soft tissue massage, stretches and exercises to directly mobilise the nerve tissue may be used.⁠

</doc>
<doc id="20185737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185737" title="Badagaun, Rapti">
Badagaun, Rapti

Badagaun is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3283 people living in 385 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20185738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185738" title="David Doonan">
David Doonan

David Doonan (born 1954) is a website designer and politician. He was elected mayor of the Village of Greenwich in Washington County, New York in 2008.<ref>Doonan also serves as the webmaster of the Green Party and Single Payer New York's websites [http://www.greenpartywatch.org/2008/12/18/green-party-calls-for-single-payer-health-care/.

</doc>
<doc id="20185742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185742" title="VAQ-132">
VAQ-132

Electronic Attack Squadron 132 (VAQ-132), the "Scorpions", is a United States Navy aircraft squadron based at Naval Air Station Whidbey Island. The "Scorpions" fly the EA-18G Growler. The squadron's radio callsign is "Scorp".
History.
Electronic Warfare Squadron 132 can trace its history all the way back to Patrol Squadron 911 (VP-911, later VP-29), established in 1946. In November 1955, VP-29 personnel formed the nucleus of the squadron Heavy Attack Squadron Two (VAH-2) "Royal Rampants" and transitioned to the A3D Skywarrior and changed its homeport the following year to NAS Whidbey Island. Then in November 1968, VAH-2 was redesignated as Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron 132 (VAQ-132) and transitioned to the EKA-3B. In January 1971, the "Scorpions" received the EA-6B Prowler and became the first operational squadron to transition to the new aircraft.
On 7 November 2008, VAQ-132 held their ceremonial last flight in the Grumman EA-6B Prowler. They began the transition to the brand-new, Boeing EA-18G Growler in February 2009 with flight certification in the Summer of 2009. Initial operational capability (IOC) was achieved on September 22. The Scorpions were the first operational squadron to transition to the EA-18G.
On 5 August 2009, EA-18G Growlers from VAQ-132 and Electronic Attack Squadron 129 (VAQ-129) completed their first at-sea carrier-arrested landing (trap) aboard the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier .
The EA-18G was first used in combat during Operation Odyssey Dawn by supporting efforts to enforce a UN no-fly-zone over Libya. The five EA-18Gs of VAQ-132 were redeployed from Iraq to Italy to support Libya operations.

</doc>
<doc id="20185754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185754" title="E120 bomblet">
E120 bomblet

The E120 bomblet was a biological cluster bomb sub-munition developed to disseminate a liquid biological agent. The E120 was developed by the United States in the early 1960s.
History.
The E120 bomblet was one of several biological weapons that were developed before the United States abandoned its offensive biological warfare program in 1969-1970. The E120 was developed in the early 1960s. The Schu S-4 strain of the tularemia bacteria was standardized as Agent UL for use in the E120 bomblet.
Specifications.
The E120 was a spherical bomblet with a diameter of 11.4 centimeters. It was designed to hold 0.1 kilograms of liquid biological agent. Much like the M139 bomblet, the E120 had exterior "vanes". However, the vanes' function on the E120 was to cause the bomblet to rotate as it fell, thus shattering and rolling around upon impact while spraying the agent from a nozzle.

</doc>
<doc id="20185769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185769" title="Trolox">
Trolox

Trolox (6-hydroxy-2,5,7,8-tetramethylchroman-2-carboxylic acid) is a water-soluble analog of vitamin E sold by Hoffman-LaRoche. It is an antioxidant like vitamin E and it is used in biological or biochemical applications to reduce oxidative stress or damage.
Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity (TEAC) is a measurement of antioxidant strength based on Trolox, measured in units called Trolox Equivalents (TE), e.g. micromolTE/100 g. Due to the difficulties in measuring individual antioxidant components of a complex mixture (such as blueberries or tomatoes), Trolox equivalency is used as a benchmark for the antioxidant capacity of such a mixture. Trolox equivalency is most often measured using the ABTS decolorization assay. The TEAC assay is used to measure antioxidant capacity of foods, beverages and supplements. Ferric reducing ability of plasma (FRAP) is an antioxidant capacity assays which uses Trolox as a standard.
Oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC) used to be an alternative measurement, but the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) withdrew these ratings in 2012 as biologically invalid, stating that no physiological proof "in vivo" existed to support the free-radical theory.

</doc>
<doc id="20185771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185771" title="Return of the Brute">
Return of the Brute

Return of the Brute is a novel written by Irish writer Liam O'Flaherty and published in 1929.
Plot.
Based on the author's experience as an Irish Guardsman in World War I, this short novel tells the story of a squad of British soldiers in an unidentified area of the Western Front. The squad is led by Corporal Williams, an obtuse NCO, and consists of nine infantrymen, one of whom, William Gunn, is plagued by PTS and mentally unbalanced. The novel focuses on the last hours of this group of doomed individuals, which will be killed or wounded in a fruitless attempt to occupy a section of the enemy front line. Gunn will go crazy, turning into the Brute of the title, and will kill the other two surviving soldiers in the bleak ending of the novel.
Criticism.
David Trotter, in "The Cambridge Companion to The Literature of the First World War", maintains that O'Flaherty's book—which, unlike most British war novels, was written by an author of proletarian origin—is interesting inasmuch as it "intended to do justice to the brute's point of view" (35), where "brute" stands for working class soldiers.
Umberto Rossi praised the book as one of the few World War I novels which did not censor the traumatic and brutal experience of front infantrymen, showing combat in the trenches for what it was with a remarkable expressionistic style; it can be thus considered a forerunner of such late-modern writers as Cormac McCarthy and William T. Vollmann.

</doc>
<doc id="20185794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185794" title="Bulgaria in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008">
Bulgaria in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008

Bulgaria selected their Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008 entry by a national final, which was held on 18 September 2008. The winner was Krestiana Kresteva with the song "Edna Mechta" which represented Bulgaria in Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008 on 22 November 2008.
National Selection Controversy.
Prior to the pre-selection local Bulgarian newspaper, "Trud", accused organizers of fixing the selection process in favour of the eventual winner, Krestiana Kresteva. A member of the pre-selection committee, Svetoslav Loboshki, denied the accusation, stating, "The article is based on false assumptions of the journalist or is an improper publicity stunt by some of the parents, whose children are involved in preselection".
At Eurovision.
At Junior Eurovision, Bulgaria performed in the eighth slot.

</doc>
<doc id="20185814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185814" title="Müşkür">
Müşkür

Müşkür (known as Pavlovka until 1999)
In 1999, the neighbouring villages of Qasabovka and Yekaterinovka were incorporated into Müşkür.

</doc>
<doc id="20185815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185815" title="Santa Bárbara, Chile">
Santa Bárbara, Chile

Santa Bárbara is a Chilean city and commune in Bío Bío Province, Bío Bío Region. In 2004 a great portion of its territory was taken off to form the new commune of Alto Bío Bío.
History.
The city of Santa Bárbara lies on the north bank of the Biobío River, and was established by Manuel de Amat y Juniet first as the fort of Santa Bárbara in 1756. The governor populated and erected the town of Santa Bárbara there on July 4, 1758. The town and fort was improved during the government of Ambrosio O' Higgins and became an important post for containing the malones of the Pehuenches. In January 1819 it was depopulated and in 1821 it was burned by the royalist Juan Manuel Picó. It remained in ruins until 1833 when it began to be repopulated under the direction of the commander Domingo Salvo. It eventually developed to the point it was again recognized as a town January 2, 1871.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Santa Bárbara spans an area of and has 19,970 inhabitants (10,835 men and 9,135 women). Of these, 7,932 (39.7%) lived in urban areas and 12,038 (60.3%) in rural areas. The population grew by 67.8% (8,069 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Santa Bárbara is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Daniel Enrique Iraira Sagredo (ILE).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Santa Bárbara is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Juan Lobos (UDI) and José Pérez (PRSD) as part of the 47th electoral district, (together with Los Ángeles, Tucapel, Antuco, Quilleco, Quilaco, Mulchén, Negrete, Nacimiento, San Rosendo, Laja and Alto Bío Bío). The commune is represented in the Senate by Victor Pérez Varela (UDI) and Mariano Ruiz -Esquide Jara (PDC) as part of the 13th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Coast).

</doc>
<doc id="20185820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185820" title="Bobby Jones (goalkeeper)">
Bobby Jones (goalkeeper)

Robert "Bobby" Jones (born 28 March 1933, Walton, Liverpool; died 1998) is a former English footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He played in The Football League for Southport, Chester and Blackburn Rovers.
Playing career.
Jones played football as a youngster for the Meols Cop School team, the Southport town boys side and the Boys' Brigade. He then joined Football League side Southport, where his father was club trainer. In the summer of 1953 he moved to Chester, going on to be a league ever present in his first season at the club.
He remained a part-time player throughout his stay at Chester as he earned more in his work as a structural engineer. In March 1958 Jones moved to Blackburn Rovers for £3,000, going on to play top flight football over the next eight years.
Jones was released by Blackburn Rovers in 1966 and he dropped into non–league football with Great Harwood Town, where he would have spells as player, trainer and manager until 1977. Away from football he ran his own design business Jones Wilkinson Construction Services along with lifelong Friend Ken Wilkinson until retiring in 1985 on health grounds. He died in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20185821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185821" title="Martial Bourquin">
Martial Bourquin

Martial Bourquin (born 23 July 1952) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Doubs department. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20185833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185833" title="Liquid Metal (Sirius XM)">
Liquid Metal (Sirius XM)

The station plays such popular acts as Metallica, Megadeth, Pantera, Slipknot, Anthrax, Slayer, Killswitch Engage, Black Sabbath, Ozzy Osbourne, Iron Maiden, King Diamond, Venom, Judas Priest, Motörhead, Cannibal Corpse, Testament, Sepultura, Prong and many more. On November 12, 2008, Hard Attack merged with XM Liquid Metal as part of the Sirius/XM merger, renaming the channel as Liquid Metal. The channel was also added to XM channel 42 at the time, replacing XM Liquid Metal, and is now on XM 40. This channel can also be heard on Dish Network channel 6027. Until February 9, 2010, it was on Direct TV channel 841.
Sirius XM pre-empted Liquid Metal on March 14, 2009 at 6pm ET for Mandatory Metallica until April 13, 2009 at 3am ET.
Musical content.
"Liquid Metal" runs various programs including:
DJ's.
José Mangin 
Weekdays 4 pm - 9 pm ET
José Mangin started his radio assault in Arizona as Metal Director of the U of A’s college radio station in Tucson. As a graduate student in Pharmacy over in Memphis, Mangin landed a killer gig in radio, and ended up choosing a life of rock ‘n roll over medicine. In 2000 José moved to NYC and landed his dream job over at SIRIUS-XM. Throughout the years Mangin helped to revolutionize rock radio, and has lined up some impressive awards and praise for his efforts, including being name checked by Metallica’s James Hetfield in Rolling Stone magazine! Currently, José programs Liquid Metal and Hair Nation, can be heard rockin’ on-air weekdays on Liquid Metal, hosts a nationally syndicated weekly TV show called LatiNation, and is a father of two “horn throwing” metal chicks. Raised since birth on heavy music, Mangin lives his dream 24/7 at SIRIUS-XM, and is stoked to be bringing this music to the masses.
Ian Christe 
Weekends 9 am - 3 pm ET 
Bloody Roots: Various times 
Ian Christe is the author of Sound of the Beast: The Complete Headbanging History of Heavy Metal. He's covered emerging technology and fringe culture for Reuters, Wired and salon.com. His hundreds of articles on heavy metal have appeared in Spin, AP, CMJ Monthly, Blender, Metal Maniacs and Guitar World. His own digital metal as Dark Noerd was featured on the Gummo movie soundtrack CD alongside metal artists Sleep, Bathory and Burzum.
Mario Comesanas (deceased)
Mario got his radio start at his college's heavy metal station. A veteran of the New Jersey metal and hardcore scenes with a hand in every sub-genre out there, he brought a flavor to his college station that everyone wanted a taste of. Thursday and My Chemical Romance are two of the bands that Mario lent a hand to early on. Mario also has spent ten years adventuring through one of the most notorious musical outfits from the east coast, December Aeternalis. He bleeds passion on the stage, and also on the mic – he DJs six days a week on Hard Attack.
On June 13, 2011, it was announced on Liquid Metal's Facebook Page that Mario Comesanas died that evening.
Zeena 
Weekdays 9 pm - 2 am ET 
Zeena popped out of the womb in true metal fashion, kicking and screaming. Instantly falling in love with music, she immersed her life in singing and becoming a student of music... then she moved to New Jersey and developed an endearing love for all things obscene. This amorous union sparked a need for more metal and liquor in her life, leading her to work with some of metals' finest at Roadrunner and Earache Records, as well as many years of ripping her throat out with her own musical endeavors. These days Zeena spends her time upping the crass ante, fronting a stoner rock band and of course, listening to metal. Always classy and always trashy, Zeena brings her love of all metal, hatred of idiots and passion for bad men to the Hard Attack family.
Troy
Sundays 9 am to 3 pm ET
Troy hails from the woods of Pennsylvania, deep in the heart of Amish country. His interest in metal/hardcore began at a young age. "My first show at 13 years old was Sheer Terror and Sick Of It All at City Gardens, in Trenton, NJ. When Sheer Terror went on, it was an absolute brutal bloodbath, and I thought I was going to die. It was cool!" Troy hosted a metal radio show with legendary PA concert promoter Frank Phobia for a few years before landing a gig at SIRIUS-XM. Music is his life. He enjoys writing, recording and performing music. In addition, Troy has toured the U.S. a few times over with different bands, and is currently playing with the experimental/grindcore band I Want To Kill You and the bizarre funk band Hot Asian Women.
Channel Merger.
On November 12, 2008, the XM lineup underwent a massive overhaul, and XM Liquid Metal ceased operations. Ward Cleaver, Katie Brutal, and Cool Guy were severed from the channel as part of XM Liquid Metal's signoff. The Hard Attack play list has also been changed, featuring acts that were once heard on the former XM channel Squizz. Mercury has been replaced by Beyond the Pit, which airs in the middle of the night, instead of its former evening drive time slot.
As part of the Sirius XM update, Sirius 27 Hard Attack was renamed Liquid Metal (taking the name of the channel that was on XM channel 42). Original subscribers to Sirius and XM have been disappointed because the title change, and others because of the new "format" that the channel has taken. Sirius XM has received a large number of complaints concerning the entire list of channels. Sirius XM have not yet released any official statements to resolve the matter.

</doc>
<doc id="20185834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185834" title="Baldovan railway station">
Baldovan railway station

Baldovan railway station served the village of Baldovan in the Scottish county of Angus. Services were provided by the Dundee and Newtyle Railway.
History.
Opened by the Dundee and Newtyle Railway and absorbed into the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then closed by the British Transport Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20185838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185838" title="Qaradağ Buduq">
Qaradağ Buduq

Qaradağ Buduq (also, Qaradağ-buduğ) is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,735. The municipality consists of the villages of Qaradağ Buduq, Qaradağlı, Rəhimoba, and Ustacallı.

</doc>
<doc id="20185841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185841" title="Theodore Pitcairn">
Theodore Pitcairn

Theodore Pitcairn (1893–1973), son of PPG Industries founder John Pitcairn, was an art collector and philanthropist, and a minister in the General Church of the New Jerusalem. 
Pitcairn purchased two paintings by Vincent van Gogh from the Montross Gallery in 1920. He is also known to have owned paintings by El Greco and Monet as well as Egyptian antiquities.
In 1927 he wrote a book titled "The Book Sealed with Seven Seals" with the purpose of introducing to the General Church certain new theological ideas proposed by a Dutch layman, H. D. G. Groeneveld. 
In the late 1930s, a doctrinal schism within the General Church centering on Groeneveld's ideas led Rev. Pitcairn and several other church members to found a new branch of The New Church known as The Lord's New Church Which Is Nova Hierosolyma.
In 1939, Rev. Pitcairn established a non-profit corporation for the purposes of promoting and maintaining the new church.
The events of the Second World War delayed formalization of the new Church's organization. Finally, in March 1947, the Church's international governmental structure was drawn up by a provisional international council composed of Pitcairn, the Revs. Ernst Pfeiffer and Philip N. Odhner, and the laymen Groeneveld and Anton Zelling, and was approved by Church members in America and Holland later that year.
Pitcairn served as a leader of the new church until his death.
Thomas Hoving, former Director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, described meeting the Reverend Pitcairn in the course of negotiating the purchase of "Garden at Sainte-Adresse" by Claude Monet.

</doc>
<doc id="20185842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185842" title="Qadaşoba">
Qadaşoba

Qadaşoba is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,384. The municipality consists of the villages of Qadaşoba, Ağarəhimoba, and Hacıisaoba.

</doc>
<doc id="20185843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185843" title="Latin Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Album">
Latin Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Album

The Latin Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Album is an honor presented annually at the Latin Grammy Awards, a ceremony that recognizes excellence and creates a wider awareness of cultural diversity and contributions of Latin recording artists in the United States and internationally. The award goes to the artists for releasing albums containing at least 51% or more of instrumental tracks of Latin instrumental recordings.
The award was first presented in 2001 in the pop field under the name of Best Pop Instrumental Album when it was handed out to Nestor Torres for the album "This Side Of Paradise". However it wasn't until the Latin Grammy Awards of 2004 when the instrumental field was created and the award received its current denomination Best Instrumental Album which was awarded to Yo-Yo Ma for "Obrigado Brazil".
Chick Corea is the biggest winner in this category with two awards. Furthermore, musicians from the United States have received this award on four occasions. The rest of the winners come from Argentina, Cuba, Colombia and Puerto Rico. In 2013, the album "Presente" by Bajofondo became the first instrumental album to be nominated for Album of the Year.
History.
At the first Latin Grammy Awards ceremony a category intended for instrumental recordings was presented in the pop field under the name of Best Pop Instrumental Performance for singles and tracks only. The winner was Mexican guitarist Santana for the song "El Farol", which also happened to win the Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance that same year, who competed against; Raul di Blasio for "El Despertar Escandalo", Ivan Lins for "Dois Córregos", Frankie Marcos featuring Arturo Sandoval for "Oh Havana, When I Think Of You" and Nestor Torres for "Luna Latina". The following year a category was created under the name of Best Pop Instrumental Album now intended for full albums. In 2004 the category was renamed Best Instrumental Album and moved to the newly created instrumental field which now includes all forms of Latin instrumental music.

</doc>
<doc id="20185848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185848" title="Arzu">
Arzu

Arzu is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,249. 

</doc>
<doc id="20185854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185854" title="Brigitte Bout">
Brigitte Bout

Brigitte Bout (born 26 January 1941) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Pas-de-Calais department. She is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20185866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185866" title="Abdul Jamil Khan">
Abdul Jamil Khan

Achievements.
A Jamil Khan has been given the charge of some many important offices in the past which include;
For his meritorious services the Govt of Pakistan decorated him with Sitara-e-Imtiaz (Star of Distinction) by the President of Pakistan, the highest award given to a Civil servant.
AJ Khan, visiting Haripur polling station during 2008 General Elections in Pakistan

</doc>
<doc id="20185867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185867" title="Aşağı Ləgər, Khachmaz">
Aşağı Ləgər, Khachmaz

Aşağı Ləgər (also, Aşağı-ləngər) is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 325. 

</doc>
<doc id="20185868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185868" title="Suxtaqalaqışlaq">
Suxtaqalaqışlaq

Suxtaqalaqışlaq is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 230. 

</doc>
<doc id="20185878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185878" title="Perot Museum of Nature and Science">
Perot Museum of Nature and Science

The Perot Museum of Nature and Science (shortened to Perot Museum) is a natural history and science museum located in Dallas, Texas. It consists of two campuses: the primary campus located in Victory Park, and a secondary campus in Fair Park. The Victory Park campus museum was named in honor of Margot and Ross Perot. The current chief executive officer of the museum is Nicole Small.
Background.
History.
In 2006, museum CEO Nicole Small oversaw the uniting of the Dallas Museum of Natural History and the Science Place and the Dallas Children's Museum at Fair Park. Following the merger, the museum was located in three buildings in Fair Park, featuring an IMAX-style theater, a fully functioning planetarium, an extensive exhibit hall, and its own on-site paleontology lab.
The museum was relocated on December 1, 2012 to a new facility in Victory Park. The former Science Place Building and Planetarium were closed, with the building for the former Dallas Museum of Natural History converted into a second campus for the Perot Museum.
Donation and Endowment.
The Victory Park campus museum was named in honor of Margot and Ross Perot as the result of a $50-million gift made by their adult children — Ross Perot, Jr.; Nancy Perot Mulford; Suzanne Perot McGee; Carolyn Perot Rathjen; and Katherine Perot Reeves. The $185-million fundraising goal – which provided for the site acquisition, exhibition planning and design, construction of the new building, education programs and an endowment was achieved by November 2011, more than a year before the museum's scheduled opening in December 2012. The donated funds enabled the museum to be built without incurring any debt or public funding.
Victory Park campus.
The 180,000 square feet facility has 6 floors and stands about 14 stories high. It has five floors which are accessible to the public and houses 11 permanent exhibit halls as well as 6 learning labs. The top-most floor houses the museum's administration offices. The Victory Park campus opened its doors to the public on December 1, 2012. Approximately 6,000 visitors came to the museum on its first day of operation.
Building design.
Designed by 2005 Pritzker Architecture Prize Laureate Thom Mayne and his firm Morphosis Architects, the building was conceived as a large cube floating over a landscaped plinth (or base) and is designed to inspire awareness of science through an immersive and interactive environment. It has a stone roof which features a landscape of drought-tolerant greenery inspired by Dallas surroundings. The building's design was conceived in collaboration with Dallas-based landscape architects, Talley Associates, the plinth is landscaped with a 1-acre rolling green roof consisting of rock and native drought-resistant grasses that reflects Texas' indigenous landscape and demonstrates a living system that will evolve naturally over time. By integrating architecture, nature and technology, the building's design demonstrates scientific principles and is used as a teaching tool that provides living examples of engineering, sustainability and technology at work. Building on the museum's commitment to resource conservation, the new building integrates a variety of sustainable strategies including a rainwater collection system that captures run-off water from the roof and parking lot, satisfying 74% of the museum's non-potable water needs and 100% of its irrigation needs.
The building features a 54-foot continuous flow escalator housed within a 150-foot glass casing that extends diagonally outside the building cube. To maximize sustainability, the building also features LED lighting, off-grid energy generation technology and solar-powered water heating. Skylights were installed to draw natural sunlight to the atrium and to the other spaces.
The building has secured from the Green Building Initiative the highest possible 4 Green Globes. It obtained a rating of an overall 85% on the Green Globes rating scale and 100% for its design and its sustainable performance measures. Green Globes is a nationally recognized green building guidance and assessment program in the United States. The Green Globes rigorous assessment is also the most closely aligned certification to United States federal building requirements. The Green Globes achievement is a rarity in United States building industry where only 12 out of 759 certified buildings have reached a four Globe certification. The Victory Park building was designed and built using green building practices so that it would serve as a model of sustainability.
The Hoglund Foundation Theater.
The 298-seat Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) compliant theater has a 2D, 3D 4K digital projection and sound system. The theater features a variety of films from educational features and documentaries to experimental independent films.
Fair Park campus.
The museum at Fair Park features exhibits such as "Mineral Majesty", "Light Play" and historical dioramas. Admission to the former Dallas Museum of Natural History is $1 for non-members and free for members. A ticket to the Perot Museum in Victory Park provides free access to the Fair Park campus.
Educational outreach.
The museum creates a Teacher's Guide, which is a booklet and online publication that is distributed to North Texas educators. The guide outlines programming designed for children pre-K to 12th grade in earth and space sciences, life and natural sciences, chemistry, physical sciences and engineering. Programming is designed to reinforce Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills (TEKS) objectives.
There are three educational outreach opportunities: field trips to the museum, onsite programming at schools (in the classroom and after school), and ScienceCast distance-learning programs through videoconferencing.
Field trips.
Students can explore 11 permanent exhibit halls, experience educational films in their theater, and take advantage of TEKS-aligned onsite classroom or auditorium programming. Further learning, available through program extensions, is held in the learning labs and auditorium of the museum's Lower Level. The museum also features educational films, offered in partnership with National Geographic.
Onsite programming at schools.
Museum educators offer 26 programs that can be taught in schools’ classrooms, presented to large groups in auditoriums, or showcased as part of after-school programming.
Distance-learning video conferencing.
ScienceCast distance-learning programs, which the museum created and introduced in 2012 to widespread acclaim, use computer technology to stream live instruction directly to the classroom, allowing students to interact with educators in real time.

</doc>
<doc id="20185882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185882" title="Michel Boutant">
Michel Boutant

Michel Boutant (born 23 November 1956) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Charente department. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20185895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185895" title="Dominique Braye">
Dominique Braye

Dominique Braye (born 21 October 1947) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Yvelines department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20185902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185902" title="Iran at the 2003 Asian Winter Games">
Iran at the 2003 Asian Winter Games

Iran participated in the 2003 Asian Winter Games held in Aomori, Japan from January 1, 2003 to February 8, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20185908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185908" title="Nicole Bricq">
Nicole Bricq

Nicole Bricq ( ; born 10 June 1947) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Seine-et-Marne department. She is a member of the Socialist Party. On May 16th 2012, she was appointed Ministry of Ecology, Energy, and Sustainable Development in the government of Jean-Marc Ayrault. After the French legislative elections of June 2012, she was appointed Minister for Foreign Trade. She was replaced at the Ministry of Ecology by Delphine Batho. Whereas some members of the government, such as Cécile Duflot, considered this nomination like a promotion, many felt that it was due to the decision taken by Nicole Bricq to stop all drilling contracts signed with Shell in French Guiana, a decision that has been reversed since then.
She studied private law in Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="20185911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185911" title="Outlaws (1960 TV series)">
Outlaws (1960 TV series)

Outlaws is an NBC Western television series, starring Barton MacLane as U.S. marshal Frank Caine, who operated in a lawless section of Oklahoma Territory about Stillwater. The program aired 50 one-hour episodes from September 29, 1960, to May 10, 1962. The first season was shot in black-and-white, the second in color. Co-starring with MacLane in the 1960–1961 season was Don Collier as deputy marshal Will Foreman. In the second season, MacLane left the program, and Collier was promoted to full marshal, with Bruce Yarnell joining the cast as deputy marshal Chalk Breeson. Jock Gaynor appeared in the first season as deputy Heck Martin, the on-screen nephew of Will Foreman. Slim Pickens appeared as "Slim" in the second season. Judy Lewis also appeared the second season as Connie Masters, an employee of the Wells Fargo office in Stillwater.
The dog who appeared in Walt Disney's "Old Yeller" was also cast in "The Outlaws".
Others who appeared on the program on at least three occasions were Vic Morrow, Cliff Robertson, Pippa Scott, and Harry Townes. In addition, John Anderson, Edgar Buchanan, Jackie Coogan, Bruce Gordon, Robert Harland, Robert Lansing Cloris Leachman, Robert Karnes, Brian Keith, Wright King, Larry Pennell, Chris Robinson, William Shatner, Ray Walston, Jack Warden, and David Wayne each appeared twice in the series. 
In the first season, "Outlaws" episodes were told from the view of the outlaws. James Coburn starred on February 16, 1961, as "Culley", a confused young outlaw who wants to repent. He stops on a chase from the law to help a blind elderly man played by Henry Hull. Judson Pratt appeared in the episode too in the role of Daggott. For the second season, telecast in color, the stories were told from the standpoint of the lawmen.
On October 27, 1960, in the segment "The Rape of Red Sky", veteran western film star Roscoe Ates appeared as a bartender; others in the episode were Patricia Barry as Aimee, Jackie Coogan as Corbett, and Skip Homeier as Gabe Cutter. Homeier also appeared that season in his own NBC detective series "Dan Raven".
A two-part segment entitled "Starfall" aired on November 24 and December 1, 1960, with guest stars John Anderson, Edgar Buchanan, Pippa Scott, Cloris Leachman, James Millhollin, William Shatner, and Jack Warden.Johnny Washbrook, the child actor from "My Friend Flicka" appeared as Vince Nickels, along with character actor J. Pat O'Malley in the 1960 episode "The Quiet Killer". In another two-parter on January 26 and February 2, 1961, entitled "The Daltons Must Die", Charles Carlson, Robert Lansing, and Larry Pennell played the Dalton brothers, Grat, Frank, and Robert Dalton, respectively. In another 1961 episode "The Brathwaite Brothers", Conlan Carter, later on ABC's "Combat!", appeared as the outlaw Perry Brathwaite. Barbara Stuart appeared as Juno in the 1961 episode "Roly".John M. Pickard, formerly of "Boots and Saddles", appeared as Wick Boley in the 1961 episode, "Return to New March." 
On May 4, 1961, the series aired the episode "Sam Bass" about the outlaw Sam Bass, with Jack Chaplain in the guest starring title role; Gregg Palmer appeared in the episode as Heff. Bass was shot on July 19, 1878, and died two days later on his twenty-seventh birthday in Round Rock, Texas, north of Austin, after having been betrayed by an associate. Cliff Robertson starred in the title role and wrote the episode "The Dark Sunrise of Griff Kincaid", which aired on January 4, 1962. The costars were Ed Asner, Nancy Kulp, and Reta Shaw.
"Outlaws" was filmed in both Bronson Canyon and Griffith Park in Los Angeles. The series aired at 7:30 Eastern on Thursday. Its principal competition in the first season were two situation comedies, "Guestward, Ho!", starring Mark Miller, Joanne Dru, and J. Carrol Naish, and "The Donna Reed Show" on ABC. In the second season, the long-running "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet" replaced "Guestward, Ho!". Chill Wills's "Frontier Circus" western series aired during the same hour from 1961–1962 on CBS.
""Outlaws" was a good western for television, but it never got the respect it deserved, and like many other westerns during the early 1960s, it got ran over by the cop and sitcom shows", wrote Ronald Jackson and Doug Abbott in the book "Fifty Years of the Television Western".
Don Collier thereafter appeared for four seasons from 1967–1971 as the ranch foreman in another NBC western, "The High Chaparral" with co-stars Leif Erickson, Linda Cristal, Cameron Mitchell, Mark Slade, and Henry Darrow.

</doc>
<doc id="20185928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185928" title="Aging of wine">
Aging of wine

The aging of wine, and its ability to potentially improve wine quality, distinguishes wine from most other consumable goods. While wine is perishable and capable of deteriorating, complex chemical reactions involving a wine's sugars, acids and phenolic compounds (such as tannins) can alter the aroma, color, mouthfeel and taste of the wine in a way that may be more pleasing to the taster. The ability of a wine to age is influenced by many factors including grape variety, vintage, viticultural practices, wine region and winemaking style. The condition that the wine is kept in after bottling can also influence how well a wine ages and may require significant time and financial investment. 
History.
The Ancient Greeks and Romans were aware of the potential of aged wines. In Greece, early examples of dried "straw wines" were noted for their ability to age due to their high sugar contents. These wines were stored in sealed earthenware amphorae and kept for many years. In Rome, the most sought after wines—Falernian and Surrentine—were prized for their ability to age for decades. In the Book of Luke, it is noted that "old wine" was valued over "new wine" (). The Greek physician Galen wrote that the "taste" of aged wine was desirable and that this could be accomplished by heating or smoking the wine, though, in Galen's opinion, these artificially aged wines were not as healthy to consume as naturally aged wines.
Following the Fall of the Roman Empire, appreciation for aged wine was virtually non-existent. Most of the wines produced in northern Europe were light bodied, pale in color and with low alcohol. These wines did not have much aging potential and barely lasted a few months before they rapidly deteriorated into vinegar. The older a wine got the cheaper its price became as merchants eagerly sought to rid themselves of aging wine. By the 16th century, sweeter and more alcoholic wines (like Malmsey and Sack) were being made in the Mediterranean and gaining attention for their aging ability. Similarly, Riesling from Germany with its combination of acidity and sugar were also demonstrating their ability to age. In the 17th century, two innovations occurred that radically changed the wine industry's view on aging. One was the development of the cork and bottle which allowed producers to package and store wine in a virtually air-tight environment. The second was the growing popularity of fortifying wines such as Port, Madeira and Sherries. The added alcohol was found to act as a preservative, allowing wines to survive long sea voyages to England, The Americas and the East Indies. The English, in particular, were growing in their appreciation of aged wines like Port and Claret from Bordeaux. Demand for matured wines had a pronounced effect on the wine trade. For producers, the cost and space of storing barrels or bottles of wine was prohibitive so a merchant class evolved with warehouses and the finances to facilitate aging wines for a longer period of time. In regions like Bordeaux, Oporto and Burgundy, this situation dramatically increased the balance of power towards the merchant classes.
Aging potential.
One authority believes that only a few wines have the ability to significantly improve with age: Master of Wine Jancis Robinson notes that only around the top 10% of all red wine and top 5% of all white wines can improve significantly enough with age to make drinking more enjoyable at 5 years of age than at 1 year of age. Additionally, Robinson estimates, only the top 1% of all wine has the ability to improve significantly after more than a decade. It is her belief that more wine is consumed too old, rather than too young, and that the great majority of wines start to lose appeal and fruitiness after 6 months in the bottle. Many consumers appear to disagree, as very high prices are routinely paid for wines of many types that are much older than what she claims is viable.
In general, wines with a low pH (such as Pinot Noir and Sangiovese) have a greater capability of aging. With red wines, a high level of flavor compounds, such as phenolics (most notably tannins), will increase the likelihood that a wine will be able to age. Wines with high levels of phenols include Cabernet Sauvignon, Nebbiolo and Syrah. The white wines with the longest aging potential tend to be those with a high amount of extract and acidity. The acidity in white wines, acting as a preservative, has a role similar to that of tannins in red wines. The process of making white wines, which includes little to no skin contact, means that white wines have a significantly lower amount of phenolic compounds, though barrel fermentation and oak aging can impart some phenols. Similarly, the minimal skin contact with rosé wine limits their aging potential.
After aging at the winery most wood-aged Ports, Sherries, "Vins doux naturels, Vins de liqueur", basic level Ice wines and sparkling wines are bottled when the producer feels that they are ready to be consumed. These wines are ready to drink upon release and will not benefit much from aging. Vintage Ports and other bottled-aged Ports & Sherries will benefit from some additional aging, as can vintage Champagne. In 2009, a 184-year-old bottle of Perrier-Jouët was opened and tasted, still drinkable, with notes of "truffles and caramel", according to the experts.
Little to no aging potential.
A guideline provided by Master of Wine Jancis Robinson
Good aging potential.
A guideline provided by Master of Wine Jancis Robinson. Note that vintage, wine region and winemaking style can influence a wine's aging potential so Robinson's suggestion of years are very rough estimates of the most common examples of these wines.
Factors and influences.
Wine constituents.
The ratio of sugars, acids and phenolics to water is a key determination of how well a wine can age. The less water in the grapes prior to harvest, the more likely the resulting wine will have some aging potential. Grape variety, climate, vintage and viticultural practice come into play here. Grape varieties with thicker skins, from a dry growing season where little irrigation was used and yields were kept low will have less water and a higher ratio of sugar, acids and phenolics. The process of making Eisweins, where water is removed from the grape during pressing as frozen ice crystals, has a similar effect of decreasing the amount of water and increasing aging potential.
In winemaking, the duration of maceration or skin contact will influence how much phenolic compounds are leached from skins into the wine. Pigmented tannins, anthocyanins, colloids, tannin-polysaccharides and tannin-proteins not only influence a wine's resulting color but also act as preservatives. During fermentation adjustment to a wine's acid levels can be made with wines with lower pH having more aging potential. Exposure to oak either during fermentation or after (during barrel aging) will introduce more phenolic compounds to the wines. Prior to bottling, excessive fining or filtering of the wine could strip the wine of some phenolic solids and may lessen a wine's ability to age.
Storage factors.
The storage condition of the bottled wine will influence a wine's aging. Vibrations and heat fluctuations can hasten a wine's deterioration and cause adverse effect on the wines. In general, a wine has a greater potential to develop complexity and more aromatic bouquet if it is allowed to age slowly in a relatively cool environment. The lower the temperature, the more slowly a wine develops. On average, the rate of chemical reactions in wine double with each 18 °F (8 °C) increase in temperature. Wine expert Karen MacNeil, recommends keeping wine intended for aging in a cool area with a constant temperature around 55°F (13°C). Wine can be stored at temperatures as high as 69°F (20°C) without long term negative effect. Professor Cornelius Ough of the University of California, Davis believes that wine could be exposed to temperatures as high as 120 °F (49 °C) for a few hours and not be damaged. However, most experts believe that extreme temperature fluctuations (such as repeated transferring a wine from a warm room to a cool refrigerator) would be detrimental to the wine. The ultra-violet rays of direct sunlight should also be avoided because of the free radicals that can develop in the wine and result in premature oxidation.
Wines packaged in large format bottles, such as magnums and 3 liter Jeroboams, seem to age more slowly than wines packaged in regular 750 ml bottles or half bottles. This may be because of the greater proportion of oxygen exposed to the wine during the bottle process. The advent of alternative wine closures to cork, such as screw caps and synthetic corks have opened up recent discussions on the aging potential of wines sealed with these alternative closures. Currently there are no conclusive results and the topic is the subject of ongoing research.
Bottling factors.
Bottle shock.
One of the short-term aging needs of wine is a period where the wine is considered "sick" due to the trauma and volatility of the bottling experience. During bottling the wine is exposed to some oxygen which causes a domino effect of chemical reactions with various components of the wine. The time it takes for the wine to settle down and have the oxygen fully dissolve and integrate with the wine is considered its period of "bottle shock". During this time the wine could taste drastically different than it did prior to bottling or how it will taste after the wine has settled. While many modern bottling lines try to treat the wine as gently as possible and utilize inert gases to minimize the amount of oxygen exposure, all wine goes through some period of bottle shock. The length of this period will vary with each individual wine.
Cork taint.
The transfer of off-flavours in the cork used to bottle a wine during prolonged aging can be detrimental to the quality of the bottle. The formation of cork taint is a complex process which may result from a wide range of factors ranging from the growing conditions of the cork oak, the processing of the cork into stoppers, or the molds growing on the cork itself.
Dumb phase.
During the course of aging, a wine may slip into a "dumb phase" where its aromas and flavors are very muted. In Bordeaux this phase is called the "age ingrat" or "difficult age" and is likened to a teenager going through adolescence. The cause or length of time that this "dumb phase" will last is not yet fully understood and seems to vary from bottle to bottle.
Effects on wine.
As red wine ages, the harsh tannins of its youth gradually give way to a softer mouthfeel. An inky dark color will eventually fade to a light brick red. These changes occur due to the complex chemical reactions of the phenolic compounds of the wine. In processes that begin during fermentation and continue after bottling, these compounds bind together and aggregate. Eventually these particles reach a certain size where they are too large to stay suspended in the solution and precipitate out. The presence of visible sediment in a bottle will usually indicate a mature wine. The resulting wine, with this loss of tannins and pigment, will have a paler color and taste softer, less astringent. The sediment, while harmless, can have an unpleasant taste and is often separated from the wine by decanting.
During the aging process, the perception of a wine's acidity may change even though the total measurable amount of acidity is more or less constant throughout a wine's life. This is due to the esterification of the acids, combining with alcohols in complex array to form esters. In addition to making a wine taste less acidic, these esters introduce a range of possible aromas. Eventually the wine may age to a point where other components of the wine (such as a tannins and fruit) are less noticeable themselves, which will then bring back a heightened perception of wine acidity. Other chemical processes that occur during aging include the hydrolysis of flavor precursors which detach themselves from glucose molecules and introduce new flavor notes in the older wine and aldehydes become oxidized. The interaction of certain phenolics develop what is known as tertiary aromas which are different from the primary aromas that are derived from the grape and during fermentation.
As a wine starts to mature, its bouquet will become more developed and multi-layered. While a taster may be able to pick out a few fruit notes in a young wine, a more complex wine will have several distinct fruit, floral, earthy, mineral and oak derived notes. The lingering finish of a wine will lengthen. Eventually the wine will reach a point of maturity, when it is said to be at its "peak". This is the point when the wine has the maximum amount of complexity, most pleasing mouthfeel and softening of tannins and has not yet started to decay. When this point will occur is not yet predictable and can vary from bottle to bottle. If a wine is aged for too long, it will start to descend into decrepitude where the fruit tastes hollow and weak while the wine's acidity becomes dominant.
The natural esterification that takes place in wines and other alcoholic beverages during the aging process is an example of acid-catalysed esterification. Over time, the acidity of the acetic acid and tannins in an aging wine will catalytically protonate other organic acids (including acetic acid itself), encouraging ethanol to react as a nucleophile. As a result, ethyl acetate – the ester of ethanol and acetic acid—is the most abundant ester in wines. Other combinations of organic alcohols (such as phenol-containing compounds) and organic acids lead to a variety of different esters in wines, contributing to their different flavours, smells and tastes. Of course, when compared to sulfuric acid conditions, the acid conditions in a wine are mild, so yield is low (often in tenths or hundredths of a percentage point by volume) and take years for ester to accumulate.
Coates Law of Maturity.
Coates Law of Maturity is a principle used in wine tasting relating to the aging ability of wine. Developed by the British Master of Wine, Clive Coates, the principle states that a wine will remain at its peak (or optimal) drinking quality for a duration of time that is equal to the time of maturation required to reach its optimal quality. During the evolution (aging) of a wine certain flavors, aromas and textures appear and fade. Rather than developing and fading in unison, these traits each operate on a unique evolutionary path and time line. The principle allows for the subjectivity of individual tastes because it follows the logic that positive traits that appeal to one particular wine taster will continue to persist along the principle's guideline while for another taster these traits might not be positive and therefore not applicable to the guideline. Wine expert Tom Stevenson has noted that there is logic in Coates' principle and that he has yet to encounter an anomaly or wine that debunks it.
Example.
An example of the principle in practice would be a wine that someone acquires when it is 9 years of age, but finds it dull. A year later the drinker finds this wine very pleasing in texture, aroma and mouthfeel. Under the "Coates Law of Maturity" the wine will continue to be drunk at an optimal maturation for that drinker until it has reached 20 years of age at which time those positive traits that the drinker perceives will start to fade.
Artificial aging.
There is a long history of man using artificial means to try to accelerate the natural aging process. In Ancient Rome a smoke chamber known as a fumarium was used to enhance the flavor of wine through artificial aging. Amphorae were placed in the chamber, which was built on top of a heated hearth, in order to impart a smoky flavor in the wine that also seemed to sharpen the acidity. The wine would sometimes come out of the fumarium with a paler color just like aged wine. Modern winemaking techniques like micro-oxygenation can have the side effect of artificially aging the wine. In the production of Madeira and rancio wines, the wines are deliberately exposed to excessive temperatures to accelerate the maturation of the wine. Other techniques used to artificially age wine (with inconclusive results on their effectiveness) include shaking the wine, exposing it to radiation, magnetism or ultra-sonic waves. More recently, experiments with artificial aging through high-voltage electricity have produced results above the remaining techniques, as assessed by a panel of wine tasters.
Other artificial wine-aging gadgets include the "Clef du Vin", which is a metallic object that is dipped into wine and purportedly ages the wine one year for every second of dipping. The product has received mixed reviews from wine commentators.

</doc>
<doc id="20185956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185956" title="Tergipedidae">
Tergipedidae

Tergipedidae is a family of sea slugs, aeolid nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Fionidae (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Subfamilies.
The family Tergipedidae consists of the following subfamilies:
Genera.
Genera within the family Tergipedidae include:
Subfamily Tergipedinae
Subfamily Cuthoninae
Subfamily Precuthoninae
subfamily ?

</doc>
<doc id="20185983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20185983" title="Shawmut Design and Construction">
Shawmut Design and Construction

Shawmut Design and Construction is an American construction management firm with offices in Boston, New York City, Providence, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, New Haven and Springfield. Shawmut provides services for the following markets: academic, commercial, corporate interiors, cultural and historic preservation, healthcare and science, gaming, restaurant, retail, spas and health clubs, and sports venues.
History.
In 1982, Jim Ansara founded Shawmut with just a handful of employees and a unique vision for a construction company. Jim specialized in building projects with complex and difficult conditions (the types of projects other construction managers didn’t want), completing them on fast-track schedules, and providing exceptional customer service. The market responded positively to Jim’s refreshing approach to the construction process as Shawmut quickly set itself apart as one of New England’s most successful start-up companies.
Jim served as Shawmut’s President/Chief Executive Officer for 18 years before assuming the position of Chairman and handing the company reins over to Tom Goemaat. Today, Jim works closely with CEO Tom Goemaat on Shawmut's Board of Directors, and also with Executive Vice President and COO Les Hiscoe.
Culture.
Shawmut is a 100% employee-owned company through the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP). Every year, shares of the company are distributed into each employee’s ESOP account which serves as a retirement savings vehicle for them. 

</doc>
<doc id="20186001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186001" title="Baldragon railway station">
Baldragon railway station

Baldragon railway station served the village of Baldragon in the Scottish county of Angus. Services were provided by the Dundee and Newtyle Railway.
History.
Opened by the Dundee and Newtyle Railway and absorbed into the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then closed by the British Transport Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20186004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186004" title="Pleasure Bay">
Pleasure Bay

Pleasure Bay is a tributary of the Shrewsbury River in Monmouth County, New Jersey in the United States.
Pleasure Bay is an estuary formed by the confluence of Branchport Creek and Troutmans Creek, flowing north to the Shrewsbury River. A short distance above the mouth, Manahasset Creek enters the bay.
Pleasure Bay forms the boundary of Oceanport with Long Branch and Monmouth Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="20186005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186005" title="Alan Singley and Pants Machine">
Alan Singley and Pants Machine

Alan Singley and Pants Machine is an Indie rock band from Portland, Oregon, made up of Alan Singley, Gus Elg, Leb Borgerson, and Scott Hayden. Alan Singley and Pants Machine is a fixture of the Portland, Oregon independent music scene. They've been featured twice on the PDX Pop Now! compilation, as among the Willamette Week's Best New Bands of 2006.
Alan Singley and Pants Machine are currently recording an orchestral record and playing the West Coast of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20186011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186011" title="Latin Grammy Award for Producer of the Year">
Latin Grammy Award for Producer of the Year

The Latin Grammy Award for Producer of the Year is an honor presented annually at the Latin Grammy Awards, a ceremony that recognizes excellence and creates a wider awareness of cultural diversity and contributions of Latin recording artists, in the United States and internationally. The award is given to a producer whose recordings released during the eligibility period represent extraordinary creativity in the area of record production. Six individual songs, or 51% of the duration of an album, are the minimum for a producer to be eligible. Two or more producers can participate as a team only if they have worked together during the period of eligibility.
The award for Producer of Year was first presented to the Cuban songwriter Emilio Estefan in 2000. In that year Estefan produced the albums "Ciego de Amor" by Charlie Zaa, "El Amor de Mi Tierra" by Carlos Vives and the song "Da la Vuelta", performed by Marc Anthony, and was awarded as the first Person of the Year by the Latin Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences. Italian singer-songwriter Laura Pausini became the first female artist to be nominated for this category, for producing her album "Entre Tu y Mil Mares". At the 2010 ceremony, joint winners were announced for the first time, when Jorge Calandrelli and Gregg Field were honored for their work on "A Time for Love" by Cuban trumpeter Arturo Sandoval; they shared the award with Sergio George, who holds the record for the most wins with three accolades, and most nominations with seven. Cachorro López also has earned seven nominations which resulted in two wins. Gustavo Santaolalla has been nominated six times and received the award in 2005. Since its inception, the award has been presented to musicians originating from Argentina, Colombia, Cuba, Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico, Spain, and the United States.
Recipients.
</noinclude><noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20186032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186032" title="George J. Seabury">
George J. Seabury

George John Seabury (10 November 1844–13 February 1909) was a chemist and pharmacist.
Life.
Seabury was born 1844 in New York City and grew up there where he received his initial basic education. He married at the age of twenty two in 1866 and ultimately had four children. 
Seabury obtained his higher education in chemistry, pharmacy, and medicine after his initial basic education. He spent time in Europe for additional professional studies. There he attended the University of Heidelberg and the University of Göttingen in Germany. He was interested in the discoveries of Sir Joseph Lister and especially of his studies of antiseptics and germ theory.
Career.
Seabury became a member of the American Pharmaceutical Association in 1876. He was chairman of their commercial interests from 1894 to 1896. He held a similar relationship for five terms to the committee on the status of pharmacists in the United States army, navy, and the marine hospital service.
Seabury founded the firm of Seabury and Johnson in 1885. He was sole owner and president. They were manufacturers of medical plasters and surgical dressings. In 1874, Seabury with Robert Wood Johnson I, developed a medicated adhesive plaster with a rubber base as a precursor to the Johnson & Johnson Band-aid.
Seabury was one of the founders of the New York State Pharmaceutical Association. In 1895 he was their president. He was also a member of the New York College of Pharmacy. Seabury wrote at great length on the subject of the retail druggist in maintaining fair retail prices. 
Military.
Seabury was in the Civil War serving in the 12th New York Volunteer Regiment. In 1862 he was wounded at Gaines's Mill and Malvern Hill. Throughout his life he was always interested in military affairs. Seabury was a member of the "Old Guard" of New York City. 
Other.
Seabury served as honorary secretary and director of the National Rifle Association. He promoted rifle practice in the National Guard. 
In 1909 Seabury served as a presidential elector for President William Howard Taft and vice president James S. Sherman. Seabury was enthusiastic for art and music. 

</doc>
<doc id="20186043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186043" title="Tenellia adspersa">
Tenellia adspersa

Tenellia adspersa, common name the miniature aeolis, is a species of very small sea slug, an aolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tergipedidae.
In Britain this solitary species is referred to as the lagoon sea slug.
Description.
The color of this nudibranch is generally pale yellow to light brown, with black speckles. The length is up to 8 mm. 
Distribution.
The indigenous distribution of "Tenellia adspersa" is the Northeastern Atlantic Ocean, the Mediterranean Sea, Black Sea and Caspian Sea.
This species is fully protected in the United Kingdom under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 since 1992.
The species is introduced in:
Ecology.
Habitat.
This small sea slug is found crawling along the substrate in coastal intertidal and shallow sublittoral zones, and is also found in estuaries. It prefers small rocks to sea grass bottoms, and occurs on man-made substrates as well. It prefers sheltered, low wave action waters. The minimum recorded depth is 0 m; the maximum recorded depth is 0 m.
Life cycle.
Females produce up to 100 eggs. Larvae are pelagic. They are sexually mature at 20 days old. Life span is less than one year usually.
Feeding habits.
This sea slug is known to rapidly devour hydroid colonies. "Tenellia adspersa" is a carnivore feeding primarily on hydroids such as "Cordylophora caspia".
References.
This article incorporates public domain text (a public domain work of the United States Government) from the reference.

</doc>
<doc id="20186050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186050" title="Baldoyle railway station">
Baldoyle railway station

Baldoyle railway station was a railway station on the Dublin-Drogheda railway line, that served Baldoyle in County Dublin.
The station opened in 1844 and closed in 1846.

</doc>
<doc id="20186068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186068" title="Elie Brun">
Elie Brun

Elie Brun (born 15 October 1948) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Var department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
In Summer 2011, a family of vacationers Bearn puts his towel in front of a private beach, but by the sea in the famous "zone of five meters" that can not be withdrawn from the public domain. The beach attendant, helped by its employees and the mayor, Elie Brun, tries to make it clear. The altercation reached serious proportions, since the mother has a fractured finger. She filed a complaint against, in particular, the mayor. The floor of Draguignan requested further information before deciding on further action. It should be possible, we hope to clarify this matter, which was recorded by the camera as the mother by a TV crew on site.

</doc>
<doc id="20186070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186070" title="Uncial 0155">
Uncial 0155

Uncial 0155 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 1055 (von Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 9th century. 
The codex contains two small parts of the Gospel of Luke 3:1-2,5,7-11; 6:24-31, on two parchment leaves (27 cm by 20 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 22 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th century.
The codex formerly was held in Qubbat al-Khazna in Damascus (without catalogue number). The present location of the codex is unknown. The manuscript currently is not accessible.

</doc>
<doc id="20186080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186080" title="François-Noël Buffet">
François-Noël Buffet

François-Noël Buffet (born August 28, 1963) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Rhône department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20186094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186094" title="Jean-Pierre Caffet">
Jean-Pierre Caffet

Jean-Pierre Caffet (born 8 November 1951) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the city of Paris. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20186099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186099" title="Tăriceanu Cabinet">
Tăriceanu Cabinet

Tăriceanu Cabinet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20186108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186108" title="Christian Cambon">
Christian Cambon

Christian Cambon (born 8 March 1948) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Val-de-Marne department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20186115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186115" title="Mohana">
Mohana

Mohana is small town in the Siddharth Nagar District. It is named after two rivers: one from Himalaya and the other from a rural area. The main industry is based on agriculture. It has a police station.

</doc>
<doc id="20186119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186119" title="Edward Dexter Sohier">
Edward Dexter Sohier

Edward Dexter Sohier (1810–1888) was a United States lawyer, best remembered for defending John White Webster in a murder trial in 1850.
Early days.
Edward Dexter Sohier was the son of William Davies and Elizabeth Amory (Dexter) Sohier and was born in Boston, Massachusetts, on April 24, 1810. He graduated at Harvard in 1829 and was admitted to the Suffolk bar in October, 1832.
Career.
In 1838, Sohier formed a partnership with Charles A. Welch, which continued until his death. He was remembered as a profound lawyer, full of resources, forcible in argument, sharp in repartee and conscientious in his management of cases, ""as witty as Sydney Smith and more agreeable."" At a meeting of the Suffolk bar to pay tribute to his memory, the presiding officer, Edward Bangs, said, ""As a lawyer he stood among the first; as a man, his courtesy, his honesty, his untarnished honor, the severe strictness of his integrity, made him remarkable, even among associates abounding in such virtues."" He married, February 16, 1836, Hannah Louis Amory, and died November 23, 1888.
Webster trial.
He is best known for being the junior counsel with Pliny T. Merrick in the Parkman–Webster murder case (1850). Sohier and Merrick lost the case and Webster was hanged, but Sohier's and Webster's detailed notes from the case survive at the Massachusetts Historical Society, providing insight into the conduct of the defendant, the trial and the actions of his counsel not available elsewhere.
One historian characterized Sohier's appearance in 1850 at the Webster trial as
"...striking. Of medium build, his gray moustache and long sideburns framed his semi-bald, handsome head. The wrinkles between and above his white eyebrows gave indication of the seriousness of this man who was the founder of ... one of Boston's most prestigious and probably oldest firms."
Quiet by nature, fastidiously ethical and courteous to the court, Sohier was essentially a civil or commercial lawyer, a fiduciary rather than a criminal defense lawyer. It is unusual that in 1850 he defended in a trial which at that time was the most sensational murder trial in America's history.

</doc>
<doc id="20186120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186120" title="Zeno Vendler">
Zeno Vendler

Zeno Vendler (1921 – January 13, 2004) was an American philosopher of language, and a founding member and former director of the Department of Philosophy at the University of Calgary. His work on lexical aspect, quantifiers, and nominalization has been influential in the field of linguistics.
Life.
Vendler was born and raised in Hungary, where he learned to speak both Hungarian and German. He studied there until he began to train as a Jesuit priest in Maastricht. Vendler later went to Harvard University to study philosophy, and earned his doctorate in 1959 with a dissertation entitled "Facts and Laws." After holding several teaching positions at various American universities, he became a professor at the University of Calgary, where he was one of the founding members of the Department of Philosophy. After leaving the University of Calgary in 1973, he taught at several other schools, including Rice University and the University of California, San Diego.
He was married twice—his first wife was poetry critic Helen Hennessy Vendler—and had two sons. Vendler died on 13 January 2004 at the age of 83.
Influence.
Vendler's 1957 "Philosophical Review" article "Verbs and times" first introduced a four-way distinction between verbs based on their aspectual features, a distinction which has had a major influence on theories of lexical aspect or "aktionsart". 
Under Vendler's model, events may be classified into one of four aspectual classes: 
Vendler also popularized the use of the progressive aspect as a diagnostic for distinguishing between these lexical classes; for example, activities and accomplishments are able to appear in the progressive ("He is running", "He is painting a picture"), whereas states and achievements are not (*"He is knowing French", *"He is recognizing his friend"). Vendler's categories are still widely used in current research in areas such as syntax, semantics, and second language acquisition. Linguist S.-Y. Kuroda has said that Vendler's terms "achievement" and "accomplishment" "have since become basic technical vocabulary in modern linguistics," and have been used to develop numerous theories and allow for "sophisticated and highly technical" research in a variety of areas.
Vendler's 1967 book "Linguistics in Philosophy", a collection of some of his earlier articles, had a large influence on the field of linguistic philosophy, which attempts to use the study of language and linguistic structures to inform philosophical theory. The book has been described as an attempt to "reconcile the empirical basis of linguistic science with the a priori nature of philosophical reasoning." His 1972 "Res Cogitans" also dealt with the relationship between language and philosophy.
Overall, Vendler published over 30 widely cited journal articles and four monographs.

</doc>
<doc id="20186127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186127" title="SNCB Class 12">
SNCB Class 12

SNCB's class 12 locomotives are dual-voltage (25 kV AC and 3000 V DC) with a design based on single-voltage class 21 locomotives.
They were built to work freight and passenger services between Belgium and Lille in France. With the introduction of AM96 EMUs they have been displaced from passenger duty, but continued to be used in freight service. They were withdrawn from service in 2012.
In 2013 class 12 undertook tests in Czech Republic in order to receive Czech service certifications. 

</doc>
<doc id="20186131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186131" title="The Hear After">
The Hear After

The Hear After is the third studio album of indie hip hop artist J-Live, released in 2005 on the label Penalty. 

</doc>
<doc id="20186132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186132" title="List of films at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival">
List of films at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival

The following films are to be shown at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20186145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186145" title="Uncial 0156">
Uncial 0156

Uncial 0156 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, α 1006 (in the Soden numbering), dated palaeographically to the 8th century.
The codex contains a small parts of the Second Epistle of Peter 3:2-10, on one parchment leaf (12 cm by 8 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 21 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 8th century.
The codex formerly was held in Qubbat al-Khazna in Damascus. The present location of the codex is unknown. The manuscript currently is not accessible. 

</doc>
<doc id="20186150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186150" title="Bring On the Rain">
Bring On the Rain

"Bring On the Rain" is the title of a song written by Billy Montana and Helen Darling, and recorded by American country music artist Jo Dee Messina. It was released in September 2001 as the fourth single from her album "Burn". In March 2002, it became Messina's fifth Number One hit, and her highest entry on the Adult Contemporary charts.
Content.
"Bring on the Rain" is a mid-tempo country pop ballad. In it, the narrator tells that she has had a bad day, but is not let down by it, and is ready for another day as well: "Tomorrow's another day / And I'm thirsty anyway / So bring on the rain." Tim McGraw sings background vocals throughout.
Messina said that, from the first listen, she "loved" the song, and thought that its message would resonate well, considering that it was released a day before the September 11 attacks. After the song had peaked, her fan club received an e-mail from a woman whose daughter was undergoing chemotherapy. In the letter, the mother explained that her daughter quoted the chorus to her.
It was used on the "Touched by an Angel" episode "Bring On the Rain".
Awards.
"Bring on the Rain" received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals, and a Vocal Event of the Year nomination from the Academy of Country Music.
Chart performance.
"Bring On the Rain" debuted at #53 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of September 15, 2001. "Bring on the Rain" reached its peak of Number One on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts for the week of March 9, 2002. During most of its chart run, it overlapped with McGraw's then-current single "The Cowboy in Me", which took over the Number One spot a week later. The song was also Messina's highest entry on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks charts, peaking at #6 there.

</doc>
<doc id="20186152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186152" title="Connexions (website)">
Connexions (website)

Connexions (full name Connexions Information Sharing Services) is the central online library and archive for Canada’s movements for social change. The non-profit project also maintains a comprehensive directory of Canadian associations and NGOs.
Founded in 1975 as a national information clearinghouse for grassroots activists involved with urban and rural poverty issues, the project was originally called the Canadian Information Sharing Service. The name was changed to Connexions in 1978 to more clearly identify the project’s action-oriented goal of connecting grassroots activists with each other and with information, ideas, and issues. The scope of the project expanded to include Native rights, third world development, women’s empowerment, peace, human rights, and other issues. The project disseminated information through the newsletter-format "Connexions Digest", which received documents and materials from participants across the country, and distilled them into a subject-indexed summary format.
Print-based for the first two decades of its existence, Connexions published more than 4,000 abstracts summarising the content of documents, articles, reports, and books, as well as profiles of organizations and projects, becoming in the process a resource and networking tool for Canadian activists and researchers concerned with social justice issues.
In the 1980s and 1990s it published "The Connexions Annual", a widely distributed sourcebook of social and environmental alternatives. "The Connexions Annual's" combined articles surveying current issues confronting movements for social change with lists of resources and directory listings and profiles of grassroots groups working for change. The last print edition of "The Connexions Annual" appeared in 1994.
In the mid-1990s, Connexions moved online, and added new resources to its online library while pursuing an ongoing program of digitizing its print-based resources. Connexions Online hosts an online library of more than 7,000 documents related to human rights, civil liberties, social justice, economic alternatives, democratization, women’s issues, gay, lesbian, and bisexual rights, First Nations and Native Peoples issues, alternative lifestyles, and environmental issues.
In addition to using Library of Congress and Dewey Decimal subject classifications, Connexions also uses a controlled vocabulary database of more than 20,000 subject headings developed by Connexions in association with " Sources", the Canadian directory of experts and spokespersons. Connexions has worked with "Sources" since 1993, when "Sources" publisher Barrie Zwicker, a media critic and peace activist, asked Connexions Co-ordinator Ulli Diemer to lead a joint project to develop an online directory of Canadian associations.
"The Connexions Directory of Associations", a separate resource also available on the Connexions site, now lists more than 5,000 organizations, indexed under more than 20,000 topics.
Connexions also maintains the Connexions Calendar which lists Canadian events related to social change.
Connexions produces an extensive compilation of materials on Israel and Palestine, featuring resources for “those who believe that a solution to the conflict is possible only on the basis of justice, equality, respect for human rights, mutual recognition and an end to Israel’s occupation of the Palestinian territories.”
Connexions maintains other specialised collections, including a selection of political manifestos from 1776 to the present.
Connexions hosts the complete archive of "The Red Menace", a libertarian socialist newsletter published from 1976 to 1980 by the Libertarian Socialist Collective, as well as a partial archive of Seven News, a community newspaper founded by community activists associated with John Sewell, the Toronto alderman who later to become reform mayor of Toronto.
Political Orientation.
Connexions describes its political orientation as left-pluralism, that is, including a diversity of views on the progressive side of the political spectrum. The writers’ guidelines observe that “our biases are reflected in which works we select for inclusion in Connexions, but within our selection guidelines, we endeavour to include materials taking different points of view and proposing a variety of goals and strategies. We try to provide our readers with neutral summaries of the works we abstract, leaving it to the readers to make their own judgments.”
Connexions does identify the broad principles that guide its decisions about which kinds of materials to select for inclusion in the Connexions Library. As a rule, documents written from a Leninist, Trotskyist, or post-modernist perspective are not included.
Connexions’ principles include a strong commitment to civil liberties, human rights, freedom of speech, freedom of the press, secularism, and democratic principles. Connexions declares itself opposed to censorship and to all forms of discrimination and oppression based on gender, sexual orientation, ethnicity, or race.
Theology of Connexions.
Connexions is a secular project unaffiliated with any religion, but church-based social activists played an important role in founding and developing the project, and funding through its early years came from church bodies in Canada and abroad, including the United Church of Canada, the Anglican Church of Canada, the Presbyterian Church of Canada, various Roman Catholic dioceses and religious orders, and the World Council of Churches. The work of Connexions inspired a number of individuals affiliated with the Canadian Theological Reflection Project to publish a theological reflection on the meaning of Connexions under the title "A Theology of Connexions" which was circulated among church bodies internationally. It observed that "Connexions has become something of a crossroads, a meeting place–a place where stories get told. On the page of Connexions, one hears the voices of the powerless and the abused, the disabled, prisoners, the unemployed, the underemployed, skid row residents, the poor, the psychiatric patients, Third World peoples, immigrants, workers, older persons, women, native peoples, etc. Connexions realizes that the stories of the poor and oppressed differ radically from those of the typical Canadian as portrayed in mainstream culture."
International internship program.
Connexions runs a social justice internship program that receives interns and volunteers from many different countries. Interns work on developing the electronic archive, scanning documents and images, writing descriptions, and marketing. Connexions is in the process of translating its controlled-vocabulary search terms into French, Spanish, and German, and is looking for more volunteers to help with this.

</doc>
<doc id="20186172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186172" title="Louis Semple Clarke">
Louis Semple Clarke

Louis Semple Clarke, or Simpson Clarke or simply LS was born in 1866 to Charles John Clarke, the son of Thomas Shields Clarke (1801 – 1867).
Family.
Thomas Shields Clarke started out with a single river boat the “Beaver” in 1832, then by 1842 he and his brother in law William Thaw started Clarke and Co and by 1855 his son Charles joined the firm. Originally the firm was called Clarke and Thaw and over 15 years operated a fleet of steam boats which traveled all the way to New Orleans and was the designate shipping firm for all shipping west of Pittsburgh for the Pennsylvania Railroad. 
Louis was born into an influential family at an influential time in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania, a time of great economic expansion and innovation for the region and country. The names which the Clarkes associated themselves were Andrew Carnegie, Andrew Mellon and Henry Clay Frick to name a few of the more notorious all of whom were also members of the South Fork Fishing and Hunting Club, the club’s dam which broke in May 1889 caused the largest man-made disaster in US history at the time, the Johnstown flood.
Louis was inspired at this time of innovation and took a keen interest in new inventions and technologies. Louis’s inventive nature propelled him to build a handmade camera, with which he took many of the photos which are now part of the county’s historical treasure trove. As an avid photographer he was the primary person who documented the SFFHC activities prior and after the dam's collapse in May 1889. The glass plates used to take the pictures surfaced 100 years later when his granddaughter in 1991 found them in the attic. At the time she called Charles Guggenheim who had just finished a documentary on the Johnstown Flood and would win an academy award for short documentary in 1991. Additionally, the film was narrated by David McCullough who had also written a book the Johnstown Flood in 1968 with various pictures including a picture of Louis.
Louis was probably the last man at the age of 22 to join the South Fork Fishing and Hunting Club, as his membership stock certificate is dated April 1889, although he attended the club under his father’s membership since his father and various other members had founded the club in May 1879. He and other younger members were energetic about all things mechanical and given the times they placed a small steam engines on boats to cruise across Lake Conemaugh and often LS would dress up as a sailor and “man” his station.
The Autocar Company.
LS was an educated engineer and in the 1890s started working with his brother Charles developing motorized vehicles resulting in the Pittsburgh Motor Vehicle Company supported by brothers, John S. and James K. Clarke along with their father Charles and friend William Morgan in 1897. Initial production included a motorized tricycle and a small car, which the brothers called “The Pittsburgher.” 
In 1899, the name of the company was changed to “The Autocar Company,” and operations were relocated to Ardmore, Pennsylvania, a western suburb of Philadelphia. In 1901 they produced what is considered to be this country’s first multi-cylinder, shaft driven car. Initial sales brochures touted that it “cannot blow up or burn up” as well as its ease of control, to the point he taught his wife to drive, making her the first known woman driver in the county.
The new design was driven from Ardmore to the Madison Square Garden, New York City, in six hours and fifteen minutes, where it was exhibited in the New York Automobile Show of December 1901. The first eight hundred cars were equipped with steering levers, but new innovations helped the Autocar to generate another revolution in innovative design, placing the steering wheel on the left hand side of the car thus establishing the reason we currently drive on the right hand side of the road. Under the Clarke brothers, the company was an early innovator, developing the first porcelain-insulated spark plugs– a process patented and later sold to Champion, and which still remains the basis for today’s spark plugs. Other early developments included the first American shaft-drive vehicle, double-reduction gear drives, and the recirculating lube–oil system. They even contributed toward the war effort with their engineering abilities as Louis also designed a naval bomb fuse which had been adopted as standard and also had been adopted for army use. His son Louis Phillips or LP during the war was responsible for detonating bombs in the US and France. According to the National Cyclopedia of American Biography, “For approximately the first ten years of the Autocar company's existence Clarke was president and chief engineer of the company. In later years he served the company as vice-president and consulting engineer. He sold his interested in the Autocar Co. in 1929 and retired at that time.”
West Palm Beach.
Charles John Clarke (1833-1899) was one of the pioneers of Palm Beach, where he established a winter residence in the early ‘80s. Louis’s father may have been a winter visitor to the Lake Worth area as early as 1885 when he appeared in a photo with hunting and fishing party near Jupiter lighthouse. He was from Pittsburgh, where he operated a fleet of boats providing transportation between Philadelphia and Pittsburgh with his partner and brother-in-law, William Thaw. Charles liked the area so much from his first visit that he and Louisa spent the winter of 1890 - 1891 at Elijah N. Dimick’s “Cocoanut Grove House” Palm Beach’s only hotel at the time. The following winter, Clarke bought the hotel along with about of land from the Lake Trail to the ocean beach. He also bought more on the South Lake Trail, where the Society of the Four Arts stands today. This estate he named “Primavera,” (Springtime). He then had constructed Palm Beach’s first non-wooden residence, the first to have a genuine tile roof instead of wooden shingles, with white stucco outer walls instead of the usual shingles or clapboard. When the house was completed and landscaped at No. 8 South Lake Trail, he and Louisa moved in.
Louis also bought property in Palm Beach in 1892. Located on his father’s estate, he named it “Dulciora", located on Lake Trail South, which is one of the most attractive estates at Palm Beach. His kept his summer home in Haverford, Pennsylvania.
Additionally, his brother’s Thomas Shields Clarke a famous artist of the time, John and James also purchased property and helped to establish the new community of West Palm Beach where they entertained their affluent friends from Pittsburgh and Philadelphia. By the 1920s West Palm had become the oasis of the East for the wealthy including the Kennedy’s. Louis had two children, Winifred and L. Phillips. Winifred, married a West Palm Beach pioneer, Roscoe Tait Anthony and is credited with having started the first Sunday School in Palm Beach and L. Phillips Clarke was an architect and with his partner, Henry Stephen Harvey, they opened a West Palm Beach office in 1921 and designed many of the buildings in Palm Beach and West Palm Beach including the Comeau Building, the Murray Building, Guaranty Building, Gus’ Baths, Holy Trinity Episcopal Church, and the Palm Beach County Library all of which represent the style of an aspiring time and most are on the national register for Spanish Colonial/Mission Revival design.
Late Life.
After retirement LS lived and died in West Palm Beach on January 6, 1957, survived by his two children and a multitude of grand and great grandchildren. The Autocar Company was purchased by White Motor Company in 1953 which continued to make Autocar Trucks and then was then purchased by Volvo in 1981 which continued make Autocar Trucks although they were called Volvo Autocar but still used the familiar bow tie name plate until 2001 when it was sold to Grand Vehicle Works Holdings which manufacturers refuse vehicles in Hagerstown Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="20186173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186173" title="Petals Network">
Petals Network

Petals Network is a floral wire service company which distributes consumer flower orders to local florists for delivery. Petals offers both a florist-to-florist clearinghouse service and a customer to florist service through its network of independent local florists.
Petals runs its own networks of florists in several countries; Australia, New Zealand and the UK. It also uses the services of other local floral relay services to operate in 70 other countries around the world. Petals is based in Armidale, New South Wales Australia. 
Petals has won a number of business awards including Australian National Small Business of the Year and was 4 years in the Top 100 Fastest Growing Businesses in Australia list.
In March 2011, Petals Network was acquired by their US-based competitor Teleflora Inc. for an undisclosed sum. This was Teleflora's first international acquisition and was believed to "strengthen the U.S.-based Teleflora's offerings throughout Australia and New Zealand".

</doc>
<doc id="20186190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186190" title="Blue Ridge Railway">
Blue Ridge Railway

Blue Ridge Railway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20186244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186244" title="Asioryctitheria">
Asioryctitheria

Asioryctitheria ("asian digging beasts") is an extinct order of early eutherians. 
Skull structure.
With the exception of "Prokennalestes", these advanced forms lacked a Meckelian groove. Furthermore they were equipped with double-rooted canines, a lower premolar with a reduced or absent metaconid and a more elongated lower premolar than their predecessors. In addition, the entoconid and hypoconulid on the lower molars are untwinned, the entotympanic is non-existent, the alisphenoid is enlarged, a Vidian foramen is present as well as a promontorium linked to the paroccipital process via the crista interfenestralis. 

</doc>
<doc id="20186252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186252" title="Class 98">
Class 98

Class 98 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20186295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186295" title="Feilong (mythology)">
Feilong (mythology)

Feilong (; lit. "flying dragon") is a winged legendary creature that flies among clouds in Chinese mythology. The proper name Feilong applies to people, fictional characters, places, martial art techniques, military weapons, and a pterosaur.
Word.
The Chinese dragon name "feilong" combines "fei" or "fly; flying; hover; flutter" and "long" or "dragon". This loanword 飛龍 is pronounced as Japanese "hiryū", Korean "piyong" 비용, and Vietnamese "philong". The inverted "Longfei" 龍飛 was an era name (396-399 CE) during the Later Liang Dynasty.
The (121 CE) "Shuowen Jiezi", the first Chinese character dictionary, uses "feilong" to define "da" (written with 2 龍 dragons) "flying dragon; appearance of a dragon in flight".
Early references.
Chinese classic texts frequently mention "feilong" 飛龍 "flying dragons". The examples below are roughly arranged in chronological order, although some heterogeneous texts are of uncertain dates.
Yijing.
The (5th-3rd centuries BCE) "Yijing" "Book of Changes" first uses "feilong" to symbolize a "daren" 大人 "great person; accomplished person". "Qian" 乾 "The Creative", the first hexagram, says (tr. Wilhelm 1967:9), "Nine in the fifth place means: Flying dragons in the heavens. It furthers one to see the great man." The "Commentary on the Decision" (彖傳, tr. Wilhelm 1967:371) explains, "Because the holy man is clear as to the end and the beginning, as to the way in which each of the six stages completes itself in its own time, he mounts on them toward heaven as though on six dragons." And the "Commentary on the Images" (象傳, tr. Wilhelm 1967:371) says, "'Flying dragon in the heavens.' This shows the great man at work."
Many later texts, such as the "Zuozhuan", "Shiji", and "Hanshu" histories, quote this "Flying dragons in the heavens" from the "Yijing".
Hanfeizi.
The (3rd century BCE) "Hanfeizi" (難勢, tr. Ames 1983:74) quotes Shen Dao contrasting "feilong" 飛龍 with "tengshe" 螣蛇 "ascending/floating snake" to explain the Legalist concept of "shi" 勢 "political power; strategic advantage".
Shen Tzu said: "The flying dragon mounts the clouds and the "t'eng" snake wanders in the mists. But when the clouds dissipate and the mists clear, the dragon and the snake become the same as the earthworm and the large-winged black ant because they have lost that on which they ride. Where men of superior character are subjugated by inferior men, it is because their authority is lacking and their position is low. Where the inferior are subjugated by the superior, it is because the authority of the latter is considerable and their position is high. 
Ames notes this Shen Dao quotation "is very close both in wording and in substance to" the "Shenzi" (威德) fragment, and "indeed, it could conceivably be an expansion and elaboration on it."
Lüshi Chunqiu.
The (c. 3rd century BCE) encyclopedic "Lüshi Chunqiu" (古樂 "Music of the Ancients", tr. Knoblock and Riegel 2000:148) uses Feilong 飛龍 "Flying Dragon" as the name of a music master for the legendary ruler Zhuanxu 
The Sovereign Zhuanxu was born at Ruo River and lived at Kongsang. Then he ascended to become a Sovereign who was truly a match for Heaven. When the winds true to the eight directions circulated, they made sounds like "hya-hya", "tsied-tsied", and "tsyang-tsyang". The Sovereign Zhuanxu, being fond of these sounds, ordered Feilong to compose music in imitation of the Eight Winds, naming them "Supporting the Clouds" and using them in the worship of the Supreme Sovereign. He then ordered the [鼉] water-lizard to lead them as singing master, so the water-lizard reclined and, using his tail to beat his belly, made the sound "bung-bung". 
Zhuangzi.
The (3rd-2nd centuries BC) Daoist "Zhuangzi" (1, Watson 1968:33) describes a "shenren" 神人 "holy person" riding a "feilong"
He said that there is a Holy Man living on faraway Ku-she Mountain, with skin like ice or snow, and gentle and shy like a young girl. He doesn't eat the five grains, but sucks the wind, drinks the dew, climbs up on the clouds and mist, rides a flying dragon, and wanders beyond the Four Seas. By concentrating his spirit, he can protect creatures from sickness and plague and make the harvest plentiful. 
Chuci.
The (3rd-2nd centuries BCE) "Chuci" uses "feilong" in two poems. The "Li Sao" 離騷 "On Encountering Trouble" (tr. Hawkes 1985:77) says,
Harness winged dragons to be my coursers; Let my chariot be of fine work of jade and ivory! How can I live with men whose hearts are strangers to me? I am going a far journey to be away from them. 
The "Goddess of the Xiang" 湘君 (tr. Hawkes 1985:107) mentions "feilong" twice.
North I go, drawn by my flying dragon, Steering my course to the Dong-ting lake: My sail is of fig-leaves, melilotus my rigging, An iris my flag-pole, my banner of orchids. Gazing at the distant Cen-yang mooring, I waft my magic across the Great River. … The stream runs fast through the stony shallow, And my flying dragon wings swiftly above it. The pain is more lasting if loving is faithless: She broke her tryst; she told me she had not time. 
Huainanzi.
The (2nd century BCE) "Huainanzi" uses "feilong" in two chapters. 
"Evolution of Animals and Plants" (墬形訓, tr. Major 1993:209, cf. Visser 1913:65) mentions "feilong" with "yujia" 羽嘉 "winged excellence", "fenghuang" 鳳皇 "phoenix", and "luan" 鸞 "a legendary phoenix-like bird; simurgh". 
Winged Excellence gave birth to Flying Dragon. Flying Dragon gave birth to the phoenix ("fenghuang"). The phoenix gave birth to the simurgh ("luan"). The simurgh gave birth to ordinary birds. Feathered creatures in general are born from ordinary birds. 
Edward H. Schafer (1963:38, 288) first translated "luan" as simurgh "a giant winged creature in Persian mythology".
"Generalship and the Prevention of Anarchy" (兵略訓, tr. Morgan 1933:196) describes Daoist movement with the animal metaphors of "luan", "qilin" (instead of "yujia"), "fenghuang", and "feilong".
The movements of the Tao-inspired are like a spirit's emergence and a demon's action, unexpected and sudden, like the sudden shining of the stars and their sinking into darkness again; like the rising of the fabulous bird "Luan", and the excitation of the "Lin", like the flight of the phoenix or the ascension of the dragon. 
Baopuzi.
The (c. 320 CE) Daoist "Baopuzi" by Ge Hong mentions "Feilong" 飛龍 "flying dragon" and uses it as a graphic variant for the draconic mountain spirit "Feifei" 飛飛 "fly fly" (see Eberhard 1968:58).
"Feilong" occurs describing a Daoist "xian" 仙 "transcendent; immortal" (6, tr. Ware 1966:111), "When my eyes have square pupils and my ears grow from the top of my head; when, driving a flying dragon and riding a cloud of good fortune, I shall mount above the darted lightning and reach Lighted-from-below, how will you be able to interrogate me? If you see me, you will then cry out that it is a heaven or an earth deity, or a strange sort of man. It will never occur to you to say that I am something produced by mere study!" 
"Feifei" occurs with "kui" 夔 "a one-legged demon" in a list of "shanxiao" 山魈 "mountain spirits" (l7, tr. Ware 1966:287), "Another is like a dragon, variegated in color and with red horns, the name being Fei-fei. Whenever one of these appears, shout its name, and it will not dare harm you."
Other texts.
"Feilong" occurs in many additional contexts. Carr (1990:115) cites two examples. The "Xijingfu" 西京賦 "Western Metropolis Rhapsody", by Zhang Heng (78-139 CE), used "feilong" as an alternate name for the mythical bird called "longque" 龍雀 "dragon sparrow". "Bicheng" 筆乘 "Collection of Notes", by Jiao Hong 焦竑 (1540-1620 CE), described the "feilong" as having "a dragon's head, phoenix's tail, and multicolored patterns", and equated it with the wind god "Feilian" 飛廉.
Proper names.
"Feilong", "Hiryū", and "Flying Dragon" commonly occur in names. 
Chinese "Feilong" Flying Dragon is used to name.
Japanese "Hiryū" Flying Dragon names.
English has additional Feilong "Flying Dragon" names.

</doc>
<doc id="20186309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186309" title="First National Bank of Florida">
First National Bank of Florida

The First National Bank of Florida is a bank headquartered in Milton, Florida, with branches in Pensacola, Pace, Navarre and Destin. It is not to be confused with the First National Bank of Miami which became Southeast Banking Corporation which later failed in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20186321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186321" title="Uncial 0157">
Uncial 0157

Uncial 0157 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1007 (in the Soden numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 7th century (or 8th century). 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the First Epistle of John 2:7-13, on one a fragmentary parchment leaf ([21.5] cm by 28.4 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 21 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is unknown. Aland did not placed it in any of Categories of New Testament manuscripts.
It is dated by the INTF to the 7th or 8th century.
The codex formerly was held in Qubbat al-Khazna in Damascus. The present location of the codex is unknown. The manuscript currently is not accessible. 

</doc>
<doc id="20186324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186324" title="Jess M. Stairs">
Jess M. Stairs

Jess M. Stairs was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 59th District from 1977 onwards. In 2002, he was a candidate to replace John E. Barley as Majority Chair of the House Appropriations Committee, eventually losing to Dave Argall. In an open letter to the House Caucus announcing his candidacy, Stairs criticized Barley's dual positions as both chair of the House Republican Campaign Committee and chair of the Appropriations Committee. He expressed his desire to work with John Perzel, saying that "John Perzel is a city fellow and fights like an alley cat. I will join him as a country boy and fight like a barn cat."
He and his wife live in Acme, Pennsylvania and have 2 children. He retired prior to the 2008 election was succeeded by Republican Mike Reese.

</doc>
<doc id="20186327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186327" title="Missouri Gaming Commission">
Missouri Gaming Commission

The Missouri Gaming Commission is a state agency that regulates riverboat casinos and charitable bingo in Missouri. It is headquartered in Jefferson City.
The Gaming Commission was established in 1993 to regulate excursion gambling boats. The Commission's role is to ensure the legality of licensed gaming operations and that games are conducted fairly, according to their rules and with full disclosure.
There are 12 riverboat gaming casinos in Missouri. The industry employs about 10,900 people with an annual payroll of $347 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20186335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186335" title="Impiety (band)">
Impiety (band)

Impiety is a Singaporean black metal band, formed in early 1990 by Shyaithan (vocals/guitar/bass) and drummer Necro-Angelfornicator. They are notable for being one of the first extreme metal bands to emerge from Singapore, including releasing records on notable Western record labels.
Biography.
Impiety was originally formed in January 1990 by guitarist/bassist/vocalist Shyaithan (real name Mohammed Ariffeen Khuttubudeen) and drummer Necro-Angelfornicator, originally heavily influenced by the likes of Venom, Hellhammer, Sarcófago, Possessed, Destruction, Bathory and early Morbid Angel. The two recorded a rehearsal demo/promo in early 1991, but this was never officially released. After a few line-up changes, the band (now consisting of Shyaithan with guitarist Xxxul and drummer Iblyss) recorded its first official demo, in the form of 1992's "Ceremonial Necrochrist Redesecration", which made a name for the band amongst underground tape-traders. Xxxul left Impiety in 1993, to be replaced by Iblyss' brother Leprophiliac Rex on guitars. This new trio signed to Shivadarshana Records, and recorded their first 7" single, "Salve the Goat... Iblis Excelsi" in 1993, which proved to be a great improvement in both sound and execution; the single was later licensed to the American label Fudgeworthy, who pressed it onto marbel vinyl.
Following the release of "Salve the Goat...", Impiety once again underwent a line-up change, bolstering their sound with the addition of Abyydos taking over all lead and rhythm guitars, Rex moving to bass and Shyaithan performing vocals. They recorded their debut album, "Asateerul Awaleen", once again for Shivadarshana, in 1994. Despite its raw production, the album received positive reviews within the metal press. A five-song MCD, "Funeralight", was also recorded for release in early 1997, but as Shivadarshana had folded the EP only saw the light as a limited edition cassette through the Malaysian label Ultra-Hingax, until Agonia's 2007 re-release. Shortly afterwards, Iblyss and Abyydos left the group, Abyydos to fulfill his national service requirements, and Shyaithan recruited new members for live shows in early 1997.
This new line-up, consisting of Shyaithan (vocals), guitarist Fyraun and ex-Libation drummer Dajjal (with session bassist, Abattory's Kravnos), recorded Impiety's breakthrough album, "Skullfucking Armageddon", in 1999. A considerable improvement over previous efforts, the record was initially released through Dies Irae Records, but subsequently through the cult French label Drakkar and Germany's Iron Pegasus Records, the latter on limited edition vinyl and picture disc. Dajjal left the band shortly after the recording to join death metallers Abattoir, in turn to be replaced on drums by ex-Abhorer and Abattoir member Dagoth. Around this time, the band also released a split 7" EP with Paul Ledney's US group Profanatica, through US label Samhain Records.
In 2000, further line-up changes were to trouble the band when Fyraun left the band, allegedly imprisoned for two years for possession of heroin prior to a planned Asian and European tour. However, with the addition of former guitarist Xxxul and new bassist Demonomancer, Impiety undertook their Asian Hell tour and the four-date European mini-tour "Skullfucking Euro Armageddon 2000" over the summer. Two months after returning to Singapore, drummer Dagoth left the band to join Demonification and was replaced by Fauzzt (of Hail), before Impiety returned to Europe for the 15-date, six country "Skullfucking Euro Battlestorms 2000" tour, courtesy of Drakkar (who re-released the album to coincide with the tour). The tour was successful and led to the band signing a three-album deal with French label Osmose in 2001, though both Xxxul and Demonomancer left following the tour.
Impiety recorded their third album, "Kaos Kommand 696", in three weeks during July 2002 at Berno Studios in Sweden. The recording line-up consisted of Shyaithan (bass/vocals), Fauzzt (drums) and the returning Fyraun (guitar). Extensive touring followed, particularly in South-East Asia, including such festivals as the Annual God Beheading Live Ritual (Bangkok, Thailand), Formoz Open Air Festival (Taiwan) and the Under the Black Sun festival in Germany. Both Fauzzt and Fyraun left in December 2003, and the decision was made to leave Osmose. Shyaithan set up an international line-up by recruiting the Mexican musicians Oscar Garcia (Hacavitz drummer) and Antimo Buonnao (Blood Reaping and Hacavitz lead guitarist) to the Impiety fold in 2004. The band also signed a two album deal with Polish label Agonia around the same time. The new line-up recorded three songs at Ambox Studios in Querétaro, Mexico, that were released as Impiety's half of the "Two Majesties" split EP with Thai act Surrender of Divinity (Unholy Horde Records, 2004).
After the recruitment of Blood Reaping's Eduardo Guevara, Impiety recorded the eight tracks of their fourth album, "Paramount Evil", at Ambox Studios in 2004. Reception was again positive and further touring ensued, including the nine-date "Mexican Assault Tour" in August 2004 and a five-date "Asian Desecration Tour" during December 2004-January 2005. Following the cancellation of a number of European tours in 2004 and 2005, Shyaithan was forced to call an end to his Mexican alliance in mid-2006 owing to the costs associated with the large distances prohibiting rehearsing, recording and playing live. A new Asian line-up consisting of Shyaithan, Arbitrary Element's Tremor (drums), Dusk's Iron Shaikh (bass) and Absence of the Sacred's Mike Priest (guitars) was brought together and resulted in the "Tormentors of Tijuana" live album on Japan's cult Heavy Metal Super Star Records (2007) and the studio effort "Formidonis Nex Cultus", once again for Agonia.
In 2008, Impiety released the "18 Atomic Years – Satanniversary" double CD through Pulverised and double LP through Agonia. This was followed by an Impiety/Abhorrence split 7” EP, featuring exclusive tracks. Later in 2008, a new 5 track MCD entitled "Dominator" was released. The band headlined its own 23 date European tour soon after. 
The sixth album "Terroreign" was released in 2009, featuring Rangel Arroyo of Abhorrence of guitar. In February 2010 a new EP called "Goatfather" was released via Basement Records. The months after, a tour of 22 dates followed throughout Europe accompanied by Swedish black metal band Setherial. In the meantime, HMSS released a second live LP, "Tormentors of Nagoya", which was recorded a few months before. Later, the band announced a seventh album entitled "Worshippers of the Seventh Tyranny", featuring Fabio Zperandio as a special guest on guitar solos. The album will be released 24 January 2011.
Controversy.
Impiety were accused of supporting Nazism and anti-Semitism due to their depiction of Auschwitz and the practices of Josef Mengele in the lyrics of the song "Carbonised" on their album "Paramount Evil" (2004). The group was thus by some associated with National Socialist black metal, something the band has distanced itself from. It is worth noting that 75% of Singapore's population is Chinese, some members of the band are Malays and that Singapore's strict censorship laws mean that racist and anti-semitic material is illegal on the island.
Line-up.
Former members.
Guitar:
Bass:
Drums:

</doc>
<doc id="20186341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186341" title="Paul Mashatile">
Paul Mashatile

As a student, Mashatile was an activist in the struggle against apartheid as a member of the Congress of South African Students, and was the co-founder and first president of the Alexandra Youth Congress. He was detained without trial from 1985-1989, and participated in a nation-wide protest by engaging in an 18-day hunger strike. When the African National Congress and the South African Communist Party were unbanned in 1990, he helped re-establish them and continued to organize on their behalf. He has held various administrative positions in Guateng province, including serving in its legislature as Leader of the House.
Premier of Gauteng.
He is the former Premier of Gauteng province in South Africa and a member of the African National Congress. Mashatile replaced Mbhazima Shilowa on 7 October 2008, after Shilowa resigned in protest against the decision of the African National Congress to remove President Thabo Mbeki from office. Mashatile was replaced as Premier by Nomvula Mokonyane on 6 May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20186352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186352" title="Vincenzo Di Meglio">
Vincenzo Di Meglio

Vincenzo Di Meglio was an Italian doctor, who worked in the "Africa Orientale Italiana" in the late thirties and during World War II, and an Italian Eritrean politician who saved Eritrea from being divided in 1947 between Sudan and Ethiopia.
Life.
Di Meglio was born on the island of Ischia (near Naples, Italy) in April 1903. As a young man he participated in politics and became mayor of his hometown in the twenties. He graduated as a medical doctor and in 1935 moved to the Italian colonies in East Africa, where he worked as a general practitioner, initially helping the poorest Africans.
In 1939 he was asked by the governor of Eritrea, Giuseppe Daodiace, to work in Asmara in the "Regina Elena" Hospital as Vice-Director of Gynecology.
During World War II Di Meglio was politically active in defence of the Italians of Eritrea and successively promoted the independence of Eritrea.
After the war he was named Director of the "Commitato Rappresentativo Italiani dell' Eritrea" (CRIE). In 1947 supported the creation of the ""Associazione Italo-Eritrei"" and the ""Associazione Veterani Ascari"", in order to get alliance with the Eritreans favorable to Italy in Eritrea.
As a result of these creations, he cofounded the ""Partito Eritrea Pro Italia"" (Party of Shara Italy) in September 1947, an Eritrean political Party favorable to the Italian presence in Eritrea that obtained more than 200,000 inscriptions of membership in one single month.
Indeed the Italian Eritreans strongly rejected the Ethiopian annexation of Eritrea after the war: the Party of Shara Italy was established in Asmara in 1947 and the majority of its members were former Italian soldiers with many Eritrean Ascari (the organization was even backed up by the government of Italy). The main objective of this party was Eritrea freedom but they had a pre-condition that stated that, before independence, the country should be governed by Italy for at least 15 years (like happened with Italian Somalia).
In 1951 Dr. Di Meglio moved to Saudi Arabia due to problems with the British authorities when he was forced to close the main Italian political organization of Eritrea called CRIE.
After a brief return to Eritrea as Director of Gynecology of a hospital, in 1961 Di Meglio returned to Italy where died in March 1987.
Personal life.
Vincenzo married Caterina Scotti, His daughter born in 1935 is Rita Di Meglio who lived in Asmara and Massaua Eritrea for quite sometime. She still lives at Villa Caterina the family home in Ischia, and in Rome Italy.
Political accomplishments.
Vincenzo Di Meglio was appointed Director of the C.R.I.E (Comitato Rappresentativo degli Italiani dell’Eritrea), the main organization of the Italians in Eritrea during the British rule after 1941.
He was friend of Eritrean politicians, like Woldeab Woldemariam and Abdel Kader Kebir, who promoted the independence of Eritrea during the British occupation. As a consequence he suffered some murderous attacks from the so-called "Scifta" terrorists, but survived without harm.
Dr. Di Meglio was one of the main authorities in Eritrea who opposed the British tentative to divide Eritrea between Sudan and Ethiopia after 1945. He obtained in 1947 the dismissal of this project by the United Nations (wanted mainly by the British to enlarge their Sudan with most of northern Eritrea) with his continuous pressure on the Latinoamerican representatives (like those of Haiti) at the ONU: by only one vote -exactly the one of Haiti- Eritrea was not divided between Sudan and Ethiopia.
But later was unsuccessful -as a representative even of independist Eritrean organizations- when he went to New York to talk in the United Nations against the annexation of Eritrea to Ethiopia as a federated province in 1950. In the ONU Vincenzo Di Meglio promoted (even in agreement with the Italian government) the "Fiduciary Administration" by Italy until 1960 of an independent Eritrea, to be done in a similar way to that of Italian Somalia [http://www.italiaeritrea.org/chisiamo/lettere_consolo.html].
In 1951 Dr. Di Meglio created the "Casa degli Italiani" ("House of the italians)" in Asmara as the center for the remaining members of the Italian Eritreans. In recent years the "Casa" has been proposed to be named with his name.

</doc>
<doc id="20186353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186353" title="Gene Ammann">
Gene Ammann

Eugene George Ammann, Jr. (born: January 30, 1949 in Decatur, Georgia or New York) was a pitcher who is most notable for winning the 1970 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a junior at Florida State University (FSU). He is one of two players from Florida State University to win that award. The other is Marshall McDougall.
In 1968, he went 5-0 with a 2.17 ERA. He went 11-2 with a 2.09 ERA in 1969. His 1970 collegiate was perhaps one of the best ever in NCAA history. He won 15 games and lost none for a record of 15-0, and his ERA was 0.66, the lowest all-time in a single season. He had a string of 41 scoreless innings, and another string of 29 scoreless innings. Furthermore, he also holds the record for most shutouts in a season, with eight. At one point, he threw a no-hitter. He also holds the record for lowest ERA in a career, posting a career 1.45 ERA while attending FSU. Overall, his career record at FSU was 31-2. 
Prior to pitching collegiately, he attended Lakeside High School.
Ammann was drafted twice. The first time, he was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in the 55th round of the 1967 draft. He chose not to sign. After being drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the third round of the 1970 draft, he did sign. He played professionally for five seasons, never reaching the majors. 
In his first professional season (1970), he played for the Jacksonville Suns, going 1-5 with a 2.85 ERA in 11 games. From 1971 to 1973, he played for the Evansville Triplets. In 1971, he went 6-10 with a 3.79 ERA in 25 games. In 1972, he went 9-10 with a 3.92 ERA in 30 games. Finally, in 1973, he went 8-8 with a 5.68 ERA in 26 games. In 1974, he played for the Hankyu Braves in Japan. He appeared in only one game, after which he was released.
In 1991, he was inducted into the FSU Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20186359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186359" title="Stuart Oliver (racing driver)">
Stuart Oliver (racing driver)

Stuart Oliver (born 2 July 1963 in Hexham) is a British auto racing driver, who races in Truck Racing, where he has won many titles. He drives a MAN TGA D26 in both the British Truck Racing Championship and the FIA European Truck Championship, for Team Oliver Racing.
Racing career.
Truck Racing.
He first entered the British Championship in 1998, finishing the season third on points and winning the title of Professional Driver Of The Year. A year later in 1995, he was Truck racing champion, going on to dominate the championship in the following seasons. He was champion again in 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010. In 2004 he also won the FIA European Truck Championship.
2011 Stuart Oliver joins Truck Race Team Allgäuer based in Weiler, Austria to compete in the FIA European Truck Championship.
BTCC.
For 2008 he raced in saloon cars, in the British Touring Car Championship in-between truck events when there was no fixture clash. He raced in a Lexus IS200 for BTC Racing, but the car was both uncompetitive and unreliable, and he only drove in the first part of the season with no points.
Top Gear.
It has been rumoured that Stuart Oliver appeared as the ‘Rig Stig’ on Top Gear Series 12, Episode 1. The episode saw the £5000 Lorry Challenge where the first event was to powerslide a lorry, with Oliver's own racing truck being used as a demonstration of this.
He has appeared on an episode on Top Gear (2002 TV series) driving a fuel truck in a race comprising airport vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="20186377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186377" title="Stanley Park Aerodrome (Blackpool)">
Stanley Park Aerodrome (Blackpool)

Stanley Park Aerodrome was an airfield located in the Stanley Park area of Blackpool, Lancashire England which was in use for civil and military flying from 1929 until closure of the airfield in 1947. The site is now used by Blackpool Zoo.
Early history.
Despite the existence of the Squires Gate site, now Blackpool Airport, which had been used intermittently for flying since October 1909, Blackpool Corporation decided in 1928 to build a new airfield close to Stanley Park. The aerodrome was located east south east of North Pier at an elevation of above sea level.
It occupied of a site acquired by the Corporation for aviation and sports use under the Blackpool Improvement Act 1928. The aerodrome was completed, licensed and opened for use in August 1929. After the erection in early 1931 of a hangar and a clubhouse and offices with an observation/control tower on top, the aerodrome was officially opened on 2 June 1931 by the Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald. The all-grass airfield's surface was small with the longest landing run available (NW/SE) being in length.
Early operations.
For the first few years the airfield was used aircraft owned by private individuals and flying clubs. These were housed in an art deco hangar and terminal building, parts of which still survive in use within Blackpool Zoo. On 15 June 1932, T. Neville Stack departed from the aerodrome at the controls of Spartan Mailplane G-ABLI on the first leg of a flight to Karachi, India, carrying two passengers. After being named "Blackpool", the aircraft was given a civic send-off and reached Drigh Road aerodrome 5 days 23 hours 50 minutes later. 
A public Air Pageant was held at Stanley Park on 26 June 1932. Another public event was held on 7 September 1935 during which Alan Cobhams National Aviation Day Circus performed. Pleasure flights were available to the public, but tragedy ensued when an Avro 504 biplane of Air Travel Ltd collided over the outskirts of Blackpool, with Cobham's Westland Wessex monoplane. The pilot and two sisters from Blackpool were killed in the Avro, but the pilot of the Wessex skillfully brought his aircraft and four passengers to a non-fatal crash-landing.
Inter-war airline operations.
The first scheduled air services from Stanley Park Aerodrome were operated by the short-lived United Airways to Isle of Man Airport during the summer of 1935 using eight-seat de Havilland Dragons. During summer 1935, United Airways flew an ex Imperial Airways Armstrong Whitworth Argosy "G-AACJ" on pleasure flights from the airfield. This was a large three-engined 20-seat biplane airliner, which had been built in 1929.
Railway Air Services (RAS) had operated schedules from Squires Gate from April 1935, but their flights moved to Stanley Park Aerodrome on 1 June 1937. From 26 September 1937, RAS operations from Blackpool were transferred to Isle of Man Air Services (IoMAS) and these continued until the outbreak of World War II, again operated by Dragon Rapides. Some RAS/IoMAS scheduled flights from Ronaldsway Airport, Isle of Man continued from Stanley Park Aerodrome to Speke Airport, Liverpool and Manchester's Barton Aerodrome.
The scheduled services through Stanley Park Aerodrome were not resumed after the war, the now larger Squires Gate airfield again being used.
Operations in World War II.
The airfield was requisitioned at the start of the war and was initially used by the Royal Air Force No.3 School of Technical Training, which used various types of grounded aircraft, including Armstrong Whitworth Whitleys, which were dispersed around the airfield boundary.
Vickers-Armstrongs (VA) established a major aircraft shadow factory at Squires Gate in 1940 for the production of large numbers of Vickers Wellington medium bombers. Vickers took over most of the existing facilities at Stanley Park Aerodrome and used them, and five newly erected temporary Bellman hangars, to house a secondary assembly line. Because of the airfield's short grass runways, the Wellingtons landed at the larger Squires Gate facility after their maiden flights. A total of 2,584 Wellingtons were completed at the two Blackpool aerodromes between September 1940 and summer 1945.
Lancashire Aircraft Corporation (LAC) established an aircraft repair line at Stanley Park Aerodrome which overhauled Bristol Beaufighters for return to service with the RAF. Later, some Hawker Hurricanes were flown in and reduced to scrap metal. No.181 Gliding School RAF used Kirby Cadet gliders at Stanley Park Aerodrome between 1943 and 1947 to train air cadets.
Postwar activities.
A limited amount of charter flying was performed from Stanley Park Aerodrome during early 1946 by LAC using de Havilland Dragon Rapide biplane airliners. However, the airline transferred to the better facilities at Squires Gate and flying from Stanley Park Aerodrome ceased in 1947.
However, although seemingly undocumented, the airfield was busy after that date. The 1952 Aerial Survey of the UK shows the runways still visible and numerous aircraft around the hangars waiting to be scrapped. There are at least 35 folded wing Seafires visible with 13 dispersal stains showing where aircraft have been removed for scrapping. In addition there are around 30 Spitfires/Seafires and at least 6 other aircraft to be seen in the photograph. 
Until 1970, the site was used to stage the Royal Lancashire Agricultural Show. In that year, the site was acquired for the construction of Blackpool Zoo, which opened to the public in 1972. Several extra large buildings were erected, with the pre-war aerodrome terminal building and hangar and three wartime hangars also being utilised by the zoo.

</doc>
<doc id="20186384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186384" title="Private Lives (film)">
Private Lives (film)

Private Lives is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Sidney Franklin. The screenplay by Hanns Kräly and Richard Schayer is based on the 1930 play "Private Lives" by Noël Coward.
Plot synopsis.
Left to reminisce, Elyot and Amanda rekindle their relationship with a kiss and make a pact to put an end to any verbal battles when either one utters the name "Solomon Isaacs." The two then abandon and flee to St. Moritz, but before long they begin a spat that evolves into a major fight about a phonograph record, which Amanda breaks over Elyot's head, an action that leads to total destruction of their hotel room. Rushing out, Amanda meets Victor and Sybil, who have tracked down the prodigal duo, and everyone becomes involved in the dispute. Things finally calm down, and the two couples meet for breakfast the next day, but when Victor and Sybil begin to fight, Elyot and Amanda walk out and depart the resort by train.
Production.
When Noël Coward's play proved to be a hit both in London and on Broadway, MGM executive Irving Thalberg bought the rights for a film adaptation starring his wife, Norma Shearer. Coward was uncertain if Shearer was capable of handling the sophisticated dialogue of his comedy of manners, but the actress confidently proclaimed, "I don't care what he thinks - he thinks in theater terms - I think in film terms. It doesn't seem to occur to Mr. Coward that we both may turn out to be right!" She personally suggested Robert Montgomery, who already had appeared in three films opposite her, for her co-star. 
The studio filmed a performance of the play with Coward and Gertrude Lawrence, which the director and cast closely followed. According to Coward biographer Cole Lesley, the playwright was pleased with the outcome and described the leading performers as "perfectly charming." The film's critical acclaim and financial success proved instrumental in helping Coward sell the film rights to several other plays.
Exteriors were filmed in Franklin Canyon in the Santa Monica Mountains and Glacier National Park in Montana. 
The song "Someday I'll Find You," sung by Shearer and frequently heard as an underscore on the soundtrack, was written by Coward.
Critical reception.
Mordaunt Hall of the "New York Times" called the film "a swift and witty picture" and "one of the most intelligent comedies that has come to the screen." He added, "Sidney Franklin's direction is excellent and Norma Shearer as Amanda Prynne gives an alert, sharp portrayal . . . Robert Montgomery struggles with matters at the outset, but he soon succeeds in doing well enough with his rôle . . . Una Merkel and Reginald Denny both deserve a great deal of credit for their work." 

</doc>
<doc id="20186408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186408" title="Planets of the Universe">
Planets of the Universe

"Planets of the Universe" is a song by American singer/songwriter Stevie Nicks. The song was first recorded as a demo during the recording sessions for the 1977 Fleetwood Mac album, "Rumours", and this demo was included on the 2-disc "Rumours" expanded re-release in 2004. The song earned Nicks a nomination for the Grammy Award for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance.
In 2001, Nicks released an edited version of the song (omitting almost 2 minutes of material) on her solo album "Trouble in Shangri-La", having recorded a completely new full-length version in 2000. 
"Planets of the Universe" became a number-one hit on the U.S. Hot Dance Club Play chart in August 2001.
Track listing.
The song was released on 2 CD singles, one of which was a maxi-single with dance remixes and the full-length, unedited 2000 version. A double 12-inch vinyl set was also issued as a limited edition in the US and featured the tracklisting of the CD maxi-single. Both physical CD singles and 12-inch vinyl release are no longer available from Reprise Records.
The 'extended album version' is a misnomer as it is actually the full-length, unedited, newly recorded 2000 version, including extra lyrics and coda, previously only demoed in the 1976 "Rumours" sessions.
References.
http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_ss_gw?url=search-alias%3Dpopular&field-keywords=stevie+nicks+planets+of+the+universe&x=17&y=19 (Deleted CD single) 
http://www.soundworks-sf.com/charts/2001/2001-07-25.txt

</doc>
<doc id="20186411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186411" title="Princess Margarete Karola of Saxony">
Princess Margarete Karola of Saxony

Princess "Margarete Karola" Wilhelmine Viktoria Adelheid Albertine Petrusa Bertram Paula of Saxony, Duchess of Saxony (Full German name: "Prinzessin Margarete Karola Wilhelmine Viktoria Adelheid Albertine Petrusa Bertram Paula von Sachsen, Herzogin zu Sachsen") (24 January 1900, Dresden, Saxony – 16 October 1962, Freiburg im Breisgau, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) was the fifth child and second-eldest daughter of Frederick Augustus III of Saxony and his wife Archduchess Luise of Austria, Princess of Tuscany and a younger sister of Georg, Crown Prince of Saxony and Friedrich Christian, Margrave of Meissen. Margarete Karola was the Princess consort of Hohenzollern 22 October 1927 – 16 October 1962.
Marriage and issue.
Margarete Karola married Frederick Victor, Hereditary Prince of Hohenzollern (later Frederick, Prince of Hohenzollern), son of William, Prince of Hohenzollern and his wife Princess Maria Teresa of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, on 2 June 1920 at Schloss Sibyllenort in Sibyllenort, Silesia, Germany. Margarete Karola and Frederick had seven children:

</doc>
<doc id="20186455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186455" title="Leverett Candee">
Leverett Candee

Leverett Candee (1 June 1795 – 27 November 1863) was an industrialist, businessman, and pioneer rubber manufacturer. 
Life.
Candee went to New Haven at the age of fifteen after receiving a minimal education at the local school in Oxford, Connecticut. There he obtained employment first with a Gad Peck who was a merchant in foreign trade. His next position was with a firm named Root & Atwater. They were dealers in dry-goods. This began his twenty-five year career with the dry-goods business. 
Candee soon organized the firm of "Candee, Dean & Cutler" with two co-workers named James E. P. Dean and William Cutler. They then took over the business of their employer. Candee retired from the company in 1833 and moved to New York. In New York Candee he was a partner in a dry-goods jobbing house for two years. He then returned to New Haven in 1835 and entered into a partnership with Timothy Lester and Abraham Murdock. They all formed a general merchandise business which they ran for a few years before they dissolved it. Candee was then interested in the manufacture of book paper at Westville, Connecticut which he did for several years. This firm was called "Candee, Page & Lester" and later changed to "Candee & Lester." The business was unsuccessful and failed in 1842. It wiped out Candee's fortune he had accumulated over a period of twenty-five years. 
Candee then started manufacturing elastic suspenders. He became interested in rubber and rubber products. In the same year of his previous business failure he started to manufacture rubber footwear. Charles Goodyear offered Candee a license to use the rubber vulcanization process he had just discovered. Henry and Lucius Hotchkiss of New Haven put up the money to put Candee into the manufacture of rubber footwear at Hamden, Connecticut. Candee became the first person in the world to manufacture rubber footwear. Candee used Goodyear's patent on rubber. These first overshoes were crude and needed much refining which his early years of manufacture took up in research and development. Candee improved the market for his rubber footwear and by the late 1840s his firm was on good footings. The name of the firm was established in 1852 as "Candee & Company" which consisted of four partners; the Hotchkiss brothers, Timothy Lester, and Candee as president.

</doc>
<doc id="20186477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186477" title="Oldenburg T 3">
Oldenburg T 3

The Class T 3s of the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg State Railways were tank locomotives for duties on local and branch lines. They were broadly similar to the Prussian T 3. In terms of performance they were no different from the Oldenburg T 2; but the T 3 had a lower axle load and a somewhat higher adhesive weight of 4.4 tonnes. 
12 locomotives were delivered by Hanomag between 1898 and 1901. In 1909 another three engines were supplied, that were only intended for shunting duties. They had a grate area of 1.0 m², a heating area of 57.2 m² and were not fitted with Heberlein brakes.
In 1925 the Deutsche Reichsbahn took over all 15 locomotives, grouped them into DRG Class 98.2 and gave them numbers 98 201 to 98 215. They were retired by 1926.
In 1945 the former 98 210 was taken over by the Deutsche Reichsbahn (GDR) as a works engine and was given the number 89 7577. It was retired in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="20186508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186508" title="Nulla poena pro vitium Abyssus">
Nulla poena pro vitium Abyssus

Nulla poena pro vitium Abyssus (Latin: "No penalty for the crimes of Hell"), is a defunct English common law doctrine which prohibited a judge from taking into consideration criminal offences committed in a foreign jurisdiction whilst passing sentence for a crime committed in England.
Origin.
The doctrine of "Nulla poena pro vitium Abyssus" was first promulgated by Judge Cochrain in the case of "R. v. Huggins" 17 St. Tr. 309 at 376. On 17 November 1730 a merchant mariner by the name of Jonathan Huggins appeared before Judge Cochrain at the Devon and Cornwall Winter Assizes having pleaded guilty to stealing one tod of apples (28 pounds or 12.7 kg). It was known that Huggins had spent many years abroad and had a reputation for theft in the ports of the Spanish colonies. Huggins argued that it would be unjust to consider his reputation when passing sentence because foreign-born men and English men living in foreign climes had a natural proclivity to steal.
Judge Cochrain agreed with Huggins' submission and his judgment was recorded thus:
"With regard to the substantial question in the case - whether the sentence passed upon the prisoner should reflect not just the offence before this court but a considerable antecedent history of larceny committed outside of His Majesty’s realm - the law is that an Englishman’s conduct so far as it relates to his habits, persuasions and proclivities should at all points in time whilst domicile in any county of England conform to the highest standards of probity. It is accepted that men conceived and nurtured beyond these shores can rarely aspire to attain a comparable disposition but should contemplate a prolonged servitude to malicious malappropriation, wanton fornication and temporal degradation. It is in this case that I must give consideration to an English man who by his own volition has forsaken His Majesty’s aegis and committed himself to an extended sojourn amongst innate supplicants. I profess my disappointment that the prisoner was unable to inoculate himself against their conventions but do not profess surprise. It may be possible to speculate that the prisoner would have found himself in considerable danger had he not conformed to the prevailing iniquity of his surroundings. I am content to limit my speculation as to that possibility and to none other. This court is of the opinion that a sin committed past the gates of hell is no sin at all. Likewise, a crime committed beyond His Majesty’s writ is not a crime for which a court in England can assay a man’s repute. Consequently, I will confine the prisoner’s sentence to a term of imprisonment consummate with the gravity of the offence for which he has been arraigned and no more than the gravity of that offence."
Abolition.
Parliament abolished the doctrine of "Nulla poena pro vitium Abyssus" in the early 20th Century by enacting s.29 of the Criminal Justice Act 1929. By that time jurists and politicians considered the doctrine to be an anachronism and potentially contrary to the public good in view of the increased mobility of the population and the increasing affordability of foreign travel.

</doc>
<doc id="20186531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186531" title="Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall">
Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall

The Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall is a theater in Sarasota, Florida.
The 1,736 seat hall's 1968-69 construction was partly funded by a bequest from local residents Lewis and Eugenia Van Wezel.
The architectural design was carried out by William Wesley Peters, of Taliesin Associated Architects, who used two seashells as an inspiration for the design.
The purple and lavender color scheme was suggested by Frank Lloyd Wright's widow, Olgivanna Lloyd Wright.

</doc>
<doc id="20186585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186585" title="MiQuale Lewis">
MiQuale Lewis

MiQuale Maurice Lewis (born June 8, 1987 in Fort Wayne, Indiana) is a former college football running back at Ball State University Cardinals. As a junior, Lewis rushed for 1,701 yards and scored 22 touchdowns to help Ball State accumulate a 12-2 record and earn a berth in the 2009 GMAC Bowl.
College career.
Lewis ran for 3,748 yards while a member of the Ball State Cardinals football team.
Professional career.
Lewis decided to put his National Football League dreams on hold during the 2011 NFL Lockout.

</doc>
<doc id="20186595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186595" title="Lusignan Massacre">
Lusignan Massacre

The Lusignan Massacre refers to the murder of eleven residents of Lusignan, East Coast Demerara, Guyana, on 26 January 2008. The victims were murdered by a group led by Rondell "Fineman" Rawlins. After carrying out another massacre when they attacked the town of Bartica, Essequibo, and murdered 12 people, Rawlins and many of the other suspected gang members were later killed by Guyanese security forces. This massacre was part of a series of murders which appeared to have begun with the murder of a prison officer, Troy Williams, during the Mash Day Prison break on 23 February 2003.
Events.
On the morning of Saturday, 26 January 2008, gunmen stormed into the small village of Lusignan, Guyana, and murdered eleven people, including five children and six adults. Five families were affected by the massacre. The gunmen armed with shotguns and AK-47s entered Lusigan around 2:00 am and invaded the homes of five Lusignan families. Within 20 minutes eleven people were murdered. The victims were: Clarence Thomas, 48; Vanessa Thomas, 12; Ron Thomas, 11; Mohandan Goordat, 32; Seegopaul Harilall, 10; Seegobin Harilall, 4; Dhanwajie Ramsingh, 52; Seecharran Rooplall, 56; Raywattie Ramsingh, 11; Shazam Mohammed, 22; and Shaleem Baksh, 52. Several of the murdered children were found dead while still in their beds. Survivors of the attack were Arjune Bhim, 11, Roberto Thomas and Howard Thomas. Both Roberto and Howard, who sustained life-threatening gunshot wounds, have successfully recovered.
Aftermath.
As the country experienced nationwide mourning, East Coast residents held protests along the East Coast corridor, where they burned tires and damaged state infrastructure. Residents reported that they had made several attempts to contact the Vigilance Police Station during the siege, but the police did not respond promptly, and arrived at the crime scene long after the gunmen had escaped. Angry residents staged protests to vent their disappointment with the country’s fractured national security and were also incensed when government officials visited Lusignan.
Mastermind and motive.
The former soldier, Rondell “Fineman” Rawlins, who claimed responsibility for the massacre, was initially wanted for the April 2006 assassination of the Agriculture Minister, Satyadeow Sawh.
Rawlins' girlfriend, nineteen-year-old Tenisha Morgan, vanished on 18 January 2008, while on her way to a city hospital to deliver her baby. Rawlins believed that his girlfriend was kidnapped by law enforcement officials in an effort to force Rawlins to turn himself in, although the Joint Services have repeatedly denied this claim. Rawlins telephoned the Criminal Investigations Department (CID) a few days after her disappearance, and warned them to turn over his girlfriend to him or face the consequences. His voice was positively identified by the police.
Following the Lusignan Massacre, a man claiming to be Rawlins contacted the local newspaper "Kaieteur News" by phone. He claimed responsibility for the Lusignan killings, but declared that he was not the mastermind behind the slaying of the Minister for Agriculture in 2006. Rawlins further warned that he would repeat a mass killing in Guyana if his girlfriend was not returned to him alive and well.
This threat was realized less than one month after the Lusignan Massacre, with another bloodbath in the mining town of Bartica, during which the town was under siege for approximately one hour. In that incident, thirteen people were murdered, including three policemen, while seven others sustained multiple gunshot wounds. As a result of the Bartica murders the reward for Rawlins was increased, from 5 million dollars to 50 million dollars, as public and international demands for justice increased.
Operation “Restore Order”.
Two days after the Lusignan Massacre, the Joint Services launched Operation Restore Order, headed by the Commissioner of Police, Henry Greene. The operation was launched with the intention of capturing and disabling criminal gangs, and restoring law and order to the country. Sea, land and air resources were mobilized in an effort to capture the killers.
On Wednesday, 30 January 2008, members of the Joint Services were engaged in a shoot-out in the vicinity of Pond Dam, Buxton when around ten gunmen shot at, and threw grenades at, the Joint Service ranks. The shootout resulted in the death of two armed men. The two dead were identified as Vibert Leroy Harris (aka Bolo), of Friendship, East Coast Demerara, and Troy St. John (aka John Eye). St. John was believed to be Rawlins’ second in command.
During Operation Restore Order, the Joint Services cleared a section of the backlands of Buxton to prevent the criminals from escaping into the fields. They discovered the skeletal remains of one man who had been missing since 2007. The Joint Services also recovered several AK-47 rifles, hundreds of rounds of ammunition for various weapons, and military fatigues, among other items, during raids in Buxton.
The operation was extended to other towns and villages in Guyana following the second massacre at Bartica.
Condemnation of the attack.
The Lusignan massacre was condemned by many factions of the Guyanese community as well as by various international bodies. All the Guyanese political parties and religious bodies unreservedly condemned the Lusignan massacre and called for an end to the brutal crimes. The ruling People’s Progressive Party (PPP) issued a statement in which they strongly condemned “the brutal and cold blooded” murder of the eleven people at Lusignan, and said the attack on the Police Headquarters which preceded the slayings was “a well coordinated and centrally directed terrorist attack”.
Controversy.
Various controversies have surrounded the motives of the Lusignan massacre, and the national response to the capture of the criminals.
The President of Guyana, Bharrat Jagdeo, refused to hold consultations on the country’s crime situation with the main opposition leader, Robert Corbin. The president declared that he would not discuss the matter unless the opposition leader admitted that the community of Buxton was a safe-haven for criminals. The opposition leader said that he would not single out Buxton, as criminals could be found all over the country. Following the second massacre in Bartica, the President did later meet with all national stakeholders, parliamentary political parties and religious bodies on Wednesday, 20 February 2008.
As part of Operation Restore Order, the Joint Services conducted various search exercises in the homes of Buxtonians. Many residents complained that their household items were unnecessarily damaged beyond repair. There were also claims of unnecessary force used during the detainment of suspects from the village. The Joint Services subsequently said that all items damaged during the search exercises would be replaced or compensated for.
Operation Restore Order saw the clearing of the Buxton backlands, so as to prevent criminals from using the backlands to make good their escape. This affected the livelihood of Buxton farmers, as their cash crop farms were cleared. The government of Guyana subsequently set up a compensation scheme in order to assess the claims of destroyed farms and supply monetary compensation for all losses.
Tenisha Morgan, who was pregnant at the time of her disappearance, allegedly contacted her mother, Waple Morgan, while still missing. Her mother reportedly said she received a phone call from the young woman, who said she did not know where she was, but she was walking along a dam. She also reportedly said that the baby, a girl, was sick, and that they had no food. A massive search was launched for the missing woman and her baby, but neither were found. Police investigations found inconsistencies in Waple Morgan’s report, and that she had changed her story of how she came to receive the phone call. This cast doubt on her reliability but, nonetheless, the police continued to search for the missing pair.
Rawlins' death.
The search for Rawlins came to an end on 28 August 2008, when police caught up with Rawlins at one of his hideouts near the capital Georgetown. Police shot and killed Rawlins and two other gang members in the shoot-out that followed.

</doc>
<doc id="20186620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186620" title="Estadio Alfredo Ramos">
Estadio Alfredo Ramos

Estadio Alfredo Ramos is a football stadiuam in Agronomía, Buenos Aires, Argentina. It is the home ground of Comunicaciones. The stadium holds 3,500 people and was opened on 29 September 1962. 

</doc>
<doc id="20186655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186655" title="On a Sensual Note">
On a Sensual Note

On a Sensual Note (OASN) is the all-male collegiate a cappella singing ensemble of American University. Founded in the fall of 1996, OASN is the University's oldest a cappella ensemble. The ensemble performs regularly at campus events, tours and visits other schools and participates in regional festivals. OASN's most popular events include its biannual end-of-semester concerts in the Kay Spiritual Life Center, a tradition which has been mirrored by newer performing ensembles.
History.
The Early Years.
In the fall of 1996, Jay Criscuolo and Jay Rao arrived as freshman at American University, each with a desire to participate in the collegiate legacy of men’s a cappella. Upon learning that there were no a cappella groups at AU, both independently began a search to find members to start a group. Eventually, they found each other. In their early months of searching, the group grew to only six members. It was not until the spring of 1998 that the group of six, under the name “Tastes Like Chicken”, got its first gig.
The Present.
Since its beginning, the group has established themselves as one of the most well-known a cappella groups in the D.C. area, performing at many prominent venues in the city and surrounding area. OASN has released six albums and has taken multiple tours up and down the eastern seaboard. In the fall of 2012, OASN began production of their seventh album. The group plans on having the album complete by spring of 2014.
Notable Performances.
The group's most notable performance came on January 28, 2008 when the campaign of then U.S. Presidential candidate Barack Obama asked OASN to open for a rally at AU where Obama was endorsed by Senator Ted Kennedy. The ensemble learned Obama's campaign theme song, Stevie Wonder's "Signed, Sealed, Delivered I'm Yours" (1970), but was forced offstage after a teleprompter was kicked during their performance.
Since then, the group has performed at The White House, the Embassy of Singapore, the National Cherry Blossom Festival, and for the U.S Secretary of Labor.

</doc>
<doc id="20186662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186662" title="KkStB Class 99">
KkStB Class 99

The steam locomotives of kkStB Class 99 were 2-6-0T tank engines operated by the Imperial Royal Austrian State Railways ("kaiserlich-königliche österreichische Staatsbahnen"), or k.k.StB, for duties on secondary routes ("Nebenbahnen") and branch lines ("Lokalbahnen").
History.
In 1897 the delivery of the kkStB Class 99 began. It fulfilled the requirements placed on it for a 300 PS engine and, with good coal it even reached 400 PS. By 1908 69 units had been built and, between 1903 and 1907 another 5 units went to the NÖLB as Class 2, which were deployed to the Korneuburg - Hohenau "Lokalbahn". The kkStB engines were to be found in the Karlsbad, Laibach and Knittelfeld areas. Five 99s were employed on the Vienna suburban lines in charge of light trains. Of note was the use of the Karlsbad locomotives on the inclines of the Schlackenwerth–Joachimsthal "Lokalbahn" with its inclines of up to 50 Promille.
Between 1908 and 1913, 20 locomotives of Class 199 were built, an evolutionary development, that had a greater water capacity and could carry more coal. These engines worked the lines Bolzano-Meran, Krems-Mauthausen and on the changeover ("Wechselstrecke") of the "Aspangbahn". The same type was also built in nine examples for the NÖLB as Class 102 and they were employed on the Freiland–Türnitz line (c.f. "Leobersdorfer Bahn").
After World War I, Italy was given eight engines (FS Class 876 and 877)), Yugoslavia 11 and Czechoslovakia 34 units of these classes. 34 locomotives remained with the BBÖ and retained their kkStB numbers. In 1923 in the wake of nationalisation the locomotives of the NÖLB went into the BBÖ, where they were given numbers "99.70–74" (ex-Class 2) and "199.21–29" (ex-Class 102). 
In the inter-war years, these locomotives were mainly employed on the secondary lines of Wels, Bad Radkersburg and Pöchlarn, but also on many other branch lines. On being taken over by the Deutsche Reichsbahn in 1938 the locomotives in Class 99 were allocated the numbers 98.1301–1324, and the Class 199s the numbers 98.1352–1374.
In 1953 the Austrian Federal Railway (ÖBB) took over 15 Class 99s as ÖBB Class 91 and 9 Class 199s as ÖBB Class 91.1. The last two digits of the serial numbers remained the same as with the BBÖ. In 1960 they began to concentrate the classes, so that the majority of locomotives were to be found in Neustadt and Mürzzuschlag. By 1968 all bar 3 locomotives had been retired. 
The last area of operations for these 3 locomotives was the Mürzzuschlag - Neuberg branch line. In 1972 they, too, were withdrawn.

</doc>
<doc id="20186663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186663" title="Princess Cristina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies">
Princess Cristina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies

Princess Cristina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (full Italian name: "Maria Cristina Pia Anna Isabella Natalia Elisa di Borbone delle Due Sicilie") (24 December 1869, Rome – 28 March 1870, Rome) was the only child of King Francis II of the Two Sicilies and his wife, Maria Sophie of Bavaria.
Biography.
Her parents.
Exiled to Rome (still under pontifical rule), the Bourbons-Two Sicilies needed to perpetuate their dying dynasty in the relatively likely scenario of a failure of the newborn (1861) Kingdom of Italy which struggled, in its early years under Savoy rule, to contain the foreign and rebellious south of the peninsula. Ever since fleeing the castle of Gaeta, where they had sought refuge, the sovereigns had looked at the current situation as a temporary one (much as it had been the case for their parents during the time of the Napoleonic empire).
Somewhat supported by other European reigning families, who had witnessed the Savoys quickly "usurp" the thrones of relatives close and distant, the Bourbons-Two Sicilies were well aware of the significance of a strong, healthy blood line to encourage former subjects to act against the Savoys—hence the pressure on Francis and Maria Sophie to conceive and procure a healthy heir designated.
However, king Francis had suffered, since birth, of a malformation that prevented him from having children. His deeply religious and shy nature also hindered any intimate contact with his wife.
Maria Sophie, after being patient for some time, finally gave free rein to her sensuality and began several extra-marital affairs. From one of her lovers, the Belgian Count Armand de Lawayss, Maria Sophie even had twins, a pregnancy kept well hidden to avoid a scandal by her mother Princess Ludovika of Bavaria and siblings.
Traveling continuously in an attempt to distract herself from a disappointing marriage, the young queen had many chances to meet new people (and new lovers) while spending time with her favourite sister, Empress Elisabeth of Austria, who regularly sought escape from her unhappy marriage as well.
After witnessing one of Maria Sophie's several liaisons, her brother-in-law, Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria, intervened. His wife Elisabeth, unwilling to tolerate the rift between Maria Sophie and her husband any further, wrote a letter to King Francis II in which she attempted to persuade him to fulfil his conjugal duties, while calling upon her sister to return to Rome to receive a gift from her.
Francis, under pressure from the Emperor and the papal court, finally decided to undergo an operation to resolve his physical problem; Maria Sophie, upon returning to Rome, found her sister Elisabeth's gift, a beautiful and expensive double bed.
Birth and death.
A deeply moved King Francis announced, in April 1869, the pregnancy of his wife. The King demonstrated his enthusiasm throughout the pregnancy, attending to his spouse and to all the preparations, including the choice of a wet nurse—a degree of involvement seldom observed in royal couples of the time. Assisted by her sister Elisabeth, who had arrived incognito for the occasion, Maria Sophie gave birth to a frail girl on Christmas Eve 1869. The infant was named "Maria Cristina" after her paternal grandmother, Maria Christina of Savoy.
The search for a wet nurse, which began immediately, led, after two failed attempts, to the selection of a sturdy peasant from the northern regions of the kingdom.
The choice of a governess, who effectively led the nursery, proved to be an even more arduous, and less fortunate, endeavour. The English middle-aged Lady who was finally selected turned out to be very eccentric and ill-suited to fit the Bourbon's strict royal protocol, suggesting that the infant be given cold baths and left to dry in the sun, administering alcoholic beverages "to build character", and requesting that the wet nurse do not touch the newborn altogether.
As it was customary that parents rarely visite newborns (and children, in general), there was little supervision that could have prevented the infant's health from quickly deteriorating under such bizarre (and overly harsh) conditions.
An opulent baptism ceremony took place five days after the birth at Palazzo Farnese in Rome, with Pope Pius IX and her maternal aunt Elisabeth serving as godparents; the baptism was attended by much of the Neapolitan nobility, in Rome for the occasion, several diplomats, prelates, and all of Maria Sophie's sisters.
The princess' health quickly deteriorated and could not be restored. Her death, at barely three months of age, shook her parents' relationship forever: Marie Sophie left Rome, where she never returned, while Francis became even more introverted, losing interest for royal duties and dedicating his time almost completely to prayer and religious functions.
The burial occurred at the Church of Santo Spirito dei Napoletani in Rome, from which the remains were transferred, on 18 May 1984, to the Bourbon family chapel in Naples, alongside her parents'.

</doc>
<doc id="20186672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186672" title="Papyrus 98">
Papyrus 98

Papyrus 98 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_198, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Book of Revelation. The manuscript palaeographically had been assigned to the late 2nd century. 
Description.
The surviving text of Revelation are verses 1:13-2:1 in a fragmentary condition. The script is a well-formed and large. It was formed in a scroll. The biblical text is on the side verso. On the recto is another documentary text dated to the end of the 1st century or the beginning of the 2nd century. Side verso of the scroll was used for the biblical text at the end of the 2nd century.
It has error of dittography in the first line – περι̣εζωσμμ̣εν̣ον instead of περιεζωσμενον.
Text.
It is still not placed in any of Aland's Categories of New Testament manuscripts. "The text shows several differences from that printed in Nestle-Aland 27th". 
In Rev 1:18 it lacks the phrase και ο ζων as Latin Codex Gigas and some manuscripts of Vulgate. It is the only one Greek manuscript which does not contain this phrase.
History.
Probably the manuscript was written in Egypt. 
The first publisher was Wagner in 1971, he did not know that it was biblical text. Hagedorn discovered that it was text of Rev. 1:13-2:1.
The manuscript is currently housed at the Institut Français d'Archéologie Orientale (P. IFAO inv. 237b [+a]) at Cairo.

</doc>
<doc id="20186684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186684" title="United States Senate election in Kentucky, 1998">
United States Senate election in Kentucky, 1998

The 1998 United States Senate election in Kentucky took place on November 3, 1998. It was concurrent with elections to the United States House of Representatives. Incumbent Democratic U.S Senator Wendell Ford decided to retire, instead of seeking a fifth term. Republican Representative Jim Bunning won the open seat.

</doc>
<doc id="20186687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186687" title="Oh What a World (song)">
Oh What a World (song)

"Oh What a World" is a song written and performed by Canadian-American singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright. It was released as the second single from Wainwright's third studio album, "Want One" (2003), released digitally via iTunes and 7digital in the United Kingdom on November 8, 2004. Promotional copies were also distributed to radio stations in an attempt to increase awareness of the song and album. The song includes several arrangements from Maurice Ravel's Boléro.
"Oh What a World" also appears on "Rufus Wainwright: Live at the Fillmore", the bonus DVD that accompanies "Want Two" (2004), the repackaged double album released in the UK simply titled "Want", and the 2005 compilation album "Acoustic 05".
The song contains an interpolation of Maurice Ravel's "Boléro", which premiered in 1928. 

</doc>
<doc id="20186689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186689" title="Chalcidian helmet">
Chalcidian helmet

A Chalcidian helmet or Chalcidian type helmet was a helmet made of bronze and worn by ancient warriors of the Hellenic world, especially popular in Greece in the fourth and fifth centuries BC. The helmet was also worn extensively in the Greek (Southern) parts of Italy in the same period.
Terminology.
The helmet is so-called because it was first, and is most commonly, depicted on pottery once thought to derive from the Euboean city of Chalcis. In fact, it is not known whether the helmet actually originated in Chalcis; indeed, it is not known whether the pottery in question was actually Chalcidian.
Description.
The helmet appears to have been a development of the Corinthian helmet, its improvements in design giving the wearer better hearing and vision, resulting in a lighter and less bulky helmet. 
It consisted of a hemispherical dome, and below that, generally inset from the top dome, a pair of cheek pieces and a neck guard, with a substantial loop on either side for the wearer's ears. In the front, between the two cheek pieces, was a small nasal bar to protect the wearer's nose. The helmet could be entirely one piece, or the cheek pieces could be attached separately by hinges, which eased construction and made putting the helmet on easier. In Italy, the helmet with fixed cheek pieces is referred to as Chalcidian, its variant with hinged cheek pieces is called a Lucanian helmet because it was widely used in Lucania.
The helmet would commonly have a hole pierced on each cheek piece or elsewhere in order to accept an inner lining which was made of leather. Adornments such as combs and other protuberances were usually placed on the top of the helmet.
Usage.
By the time of Alexander the Great, the helmet was still worn by armoured soldiers, especially Hoplites, the spear-armed heavy infantrymen (other than those of the Spartans, who instead wore the much plainer pilos helmet). It is likely that some of the Macedonian soldiers who ruled the rest of Greece and went on to forge a substantial Hellenistic empire also wore the Chalcidian helmet. The helmet is thought to have developed in turn into the Attic helmet which is iconic of classical soldiers.

</doc>
<doc id="20186691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186691" title="Zenith 248 SX">
Zenith 248 SX

The Zenith 248 was a desktop computer with two 5¼ inch floppy drives and no hard drive, released in 1986. It came with Windows operating system on floppies. It was manufactured by Zenith Data Systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20186707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186707" title="Ash Grove (plantation)">
Ash Grove (plantation)

Ash Grove is an 18th-century plantation house in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. In 1790, Bryan Fairfax built Ash Grove on Leesburg Pike, 2 miles west of Tysons Corner, Virginia for his son, Thomas Fairfax. 
Ash Grove is said to have been named for an older Fairfax family house in England. In his later years, Thomas Fairfax bought Vaucluse Plantation, near Alexandria, Virginia, and bestowed Ash Grove upon his second son, Henry. He married Caroline Herbert of Maryland, and they had several children, and operated a boarding school for young ladies.
Following Captain Henry Fairfax's death during the Mexican–American War, at Saltillo, Mexico, on August 14, 1847, the property was purchased by James Sherman on June 20, 1851. 
Descendants on occasion relate some interesting family lore of American Civil War events when the neighborhood was a "no man's land."
James Sherman died in Spring 1865, and left the property to his son, Franklin Sherman (February 11, 1843 - April 9, 1915), Lieutenant in the 10th Michigan Cavalry. He returned after the Civil War to farm, was Sheriff, member of the Board of Supervisors, and School Board. (A Fairfax County Elementary School is named for him.) The property passed to Wells Alvord Sherman, and then Wilson C Sherman.
The house was purchased from the Sherman family in 1997, and dedicated as a Fairfax County, Virginia, park.
See also.
Historic houses in Virginia

</doc>
<doc id="20186727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186727" title="Soibahadine Ibrahim Ramadani">
Soibahadine Ibrahim Ramadani

Soibahadine Ibrahim Ramadani (born 5 March 1949) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the island of Mayotte. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20186740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186740" title="M143 bomblet">
M143 bomblet

The M143 bomblet was a biological cluster bomb sub-munition developed by the United States during the 1960s. The spherical bomblet was the biological version of the Sarin-filled M139 chemical bomblet.
History.
The M143 bomblet was produced at the peak of U.S. biological delivery systems development during the 1960s. Essentially, the biological version of the M139 bomblet, the M143 was smaller than the M139. The Sergeant missile system utilized the M143 in its M210 warhead, it could hold 720 individual bomblets. If that system released the bomblets at an altitude of , the weapon could attain a coverage area of 60 square miles.
Specifications.
The M143 was a spherical bomblet that had a diameter of 8.6 centimeters (cm). Designed to carry a liquid biological agent, the M143 carried a 0.5 kilogram (kg) explosive charge meant to disseminate the agent upon impact. Eight percent of the liquid released from the M143 was in the form of an inhalable aerosol. When filled, the bomblet had a mass of .34 kg and 190 milliliters (ml) of liquid agent could contain 6 X 1012 anthrax spores. The M143 demonstrates the lethality of even a small amount of biological agent, the amount of anthrax contained in the bomblet would be the equivalent of 300 million lethal doses.
Tests involving the M143.
The M143 bomblet was used in multiple biological weapons effectiveness tests by the U.S. Army. Two tests, collectively dubbed "Yellow Leaf" sought to test the M143 and biological agents in a jungle environment. The tests were divided into two Phases, Phase A was at the Panama Canal Zone and utilized tiara as a simulant. Tests in Panama could not be completed because of "international considerations", and an alternate test site was found in Hawaii at the Olau Forest, southwest of Hilo. The goals of the Yellow Leaf tests were to learn the effectiveness of the M143 in a jungle environment, the area of coverage for a U.S. Navy MISTEYE I weapons system Sergeant missile biological warhead over a jungle. The Panama tests took place in February 1964 and the Hawaii tests, utilizing the simulant "Bacillus globigii", took place from April-May 1966.
Other tests, known as "Red Cloud", took place from November 1966-February 1967 in the Tanana Valley near Fort Greely, Alaska. The main goal of Red Cloud was to obtain data on "Francisella tularensis" and its decay rate as well as its animal infectivity data. The tests involved M143 bomblets being dropped from a tower-mounted gun into a wintertime spruce forest. E26 and M32 dissemination devices were also used. The tests disseminated the following biological agents or simulants: "F. tularensis" (both wet and dry variants), "B. globigii", "Serratia marcescens", and "Escherichia coli". Both Red Cloud and Yellow Leaf were overseen by the U.S. Army's Deseret Test Center, and were part of Project 112.

</doc>
<doc id="20186742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186742" title="Uncertainty (film)">
Uncertainty (film)

Uncertainty is a 2008 indie crime drama thriller film written, produced, and directed by American independent filmmakers Scott McGehee and David Siegel and starring Lynn Collins and Joseph Gordon-Levitt. It was first released at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival.
Distribution rights were acquired by IFC Films and it received limited release on November 13, 2009. It was simultaneously made available to cable viewers via video on demand.
The film was shot in HD on the Arriflex D-20.
Plot.
Bobby (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) and Kate (Lynn Collins) are a young couple who have been together ten months. Kate is 11 weeks pregnant. They can't make up their minds where to go on the Fourth of July, or whether to have the baby, so they decide to flip a coin. After Bobby flips the coin, they both run off Brooklyn Bridge in opposite directions. From that moment on two separate storylines are followed.
One storyline takes place in Brooklyn, where Bobby and Kate decide to go visit Kate's family. On the way they pick up a stray dog, whose owner they try to locate. Kate's family has its share of family drama, with an uncle who is institutionalized and suffers from memory loss, a brother who died five years earlier, and a sister who is taking a year off before going to college, much to her mother's dismay.
The other storyline takes place in Manhattan (beginning in Chinatown), where Bobby and Kate find a cellphone belonging to a criminal who values it at $500,000. They try to set up an exchange, but after narrowly escaping pursuit from a killer, Bobby throws the cellphone onto a passing boat.
Both storylines end the next day on a bridge, with the lines "What do you want to do now? / What do we do now? I don't know. I guess we just keep going".
The storylines are also set apart by Bobby and Kate's clothing. In the Manhattan/Chinatown storyline, they both wear easily recognizable yellow, a dress for her and a t-shirt for him, while in the Brooklyn storyline, they are dressed in more subtle shades of green. In the first scene on the bridge Kate wears the yellow dress from the Manhattan story, while Bobby wears the outfit he'll wear in Brooklyn.
Reception.
"Uncertainty" received mixed reviews upon its theatrical release. The New York Times called it "a taut, skillful exercise in cinematic clockwork" but the New York Post called it a "gimmicky, overlong thriller". The film has an approval rating of 54% on Rotten Tomatoes, from 24 reviews counted.

</doc>
<doc id="20186754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186754" title="All Star United (album)">
All Star United (album)

All Star United is the debut album of the band of the same name. The album was released in 1997. The song "Beautiful Thing" was featured on the soundtrack of the 2004 movie "Saved!".

</doc>
<doc id="20186758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186758" title="Servpro">
Servpro

SERVPRO Industries, Inc. is a franchisor for more than 1,600 fire and water cleanup and restoration franchises in 48 states in the USA and Canada. Headquartered in Gallatin, Tennessee, SERVPRO franchises offer a range of residential and commercial cleaning and restoration services, including: fire, water and mold remediation, carpet cleaning, hardwood floors, HVAC systems, upholstery and more. 
History.
Ted and Doris Isaacson launched SERVPRO Industries, Inc. in 1967 as a painting business in Sacramento, California. With a background in cleaning and restoration, Ted and Doris changed the direction of the company, becoming a franchisor of cleanup and restoration services.
SERVPRO Industries, Inc. sold their first franchise in 1969 and in 1979, it acquired the Bristol-Myers Domesticare Division and its 175 franchises. In order to provide more room for expansion, SERVPRO Industries, Inc. relocated their corporate headquarters from Sacramento to Gallatin in 1988, placing itself within of 50 percent of the U.S. population. At the time of the relocation, the SERVPRO Industries, Inc. system consisted of 647 franchises.
SERVPRO Industries, Inc. sold its 1,000th franchise in 2000. Today, the company employs more than 350 corporate staff at its national headquarters and supports a network of more than 1,600 franchises.
Training facility.
SERVPRO has a training facility based at their headquarters.
The training center has two furnished, full-size residential structures to teach professional cleanup and restoration skills in water, fire and mold. The ASD (Applied Structural Drying) house, located adjacent to the corporate facility, allows SERVPRO to teach a hands-on ASD certification course.
HERO commercials.
In 2007, SERVPRO began running a series of TV commercials produced by Bent Image Lab of Oregon. They are also known for their distinctive Green Vans.

</doc>
<doc id="20186781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186781" title="Ahmet Polat">
Ahmet Polat

Ahmet Polat (Roosendaal, 1978) is a Dutch-Turkish photographer living in Istanbul. Polat has studied at the St. Joost Academy in Breda.
Ahmet Polat, recipient of ICP’s, International Center of Photography, “Young Photographer” award, is a photographer whose work questions preconceived notions. 
His upbringing was the fusion of West and East. Born of a Dutch mother and Turkish father, he integrates both cultures. In the past 5 years he worked on commissions for cultural institutes and commercial companies, like the Istanbul Modern and MAVI jeans. Outside of Turkey his work is exhibited in France, Vienna, Germany, Malaysia, Holland and Belgium as well as published in French and Turkish Vogue, Paris Match, Marie Claire, Quest and Vice magazine. His latest work called "Kemal's Dream" is exhibited at FOAM museum in Amsterdam. 
In 2006, Ahmet Polat won the ICP Young Photographer Infinity Award.
Biography.
Born of a Dutch mother and a Turkish father, growing up in a small village in the province of Brabant (NL), Polat made photographing diversity his leitmotif. In 2005, shortly after the murder of Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh, he decided to leave the Netherlands and settle in Istanbul. 
To See The Invisible Man: by Orhan Cem Cetin.
One of the fundamental problems in photography is that to a very casual observer they all appear to be similar, their meaning and reasons for existence are subjected to the difficulty of visual clues. Thankfully the format, the show, the album in which images are collected and manage to breakthrough into the frame or the gallery wall makes ones job easier, it lifts the burden of sleuthing after such clues.
It is also a good idea to gather your evidence from the photographer’s full body of work. If one looks at each photograph as a letter, the exhibit as a word then the full archive should constitute a meaningful sentence. 
Ahmet Polat regardless of his age and the short periods of time in which he composes his shows, is an amazingly accomplished photographer. Normally the work of an artist at his age would be messengers of things yet to come, hints to future accomplishments and signposts guiding one to a yet unknown body of work. They could very well be images which would latter be overlooked from a mature perspective as youthful indiscretions. But Ahmet Polat’s works for some time has not needed such patronizing niceties. If anything they are deserving of the respect of serious critique. One should overlook any matter of his age when confronted with these images, as this would be the greatest injustice. While viewing this exhibit, one should also be familiar with his earlier works, his brutal sincerity, his good natured interest in the human condition and social dynamics, but most important of all is that one should be aware of the obvious bond of trust that he creates between his subjects and his camera.
At the very least in Turkey, images of VIP’s are always subject to either a sort of truce or have mutually accepted rules of engagement. Maybe for the first time Ahmet Polat breaks this cease fire and moves through parties, private soirees and special occasions as an invisible man. He approaches his subjects with the same sensibility and candor as he always does. He does not attempt to either deify or pity his subjects nor to create an alternate reality. He just shares with sincerity. He shares with us peaks and plateaus, moments that one might pretend not to be familiar with. While doing this he skillfully avoids the pitfalls of sycophancy and keeps his distance, he seals himself off and not his subjects.
His snapshot esthetic, cuts through the carefully choreographed theatrical ambiance of these stages, while leaving behind enough clues to the true nature of the space. The raw, un-centered localized flash and his off the hip framing, creates an uncanny sense of the familiar which pulls the viewer in. Although the fact that there is no eye contact with the lens keeps us grounded in the reality of the environment and preserves the distance from the VIP section.
The select people that we see in the photographs are the primary target audience of this show, but these frames are very possibly the first honest witnesses of these candid moments. This seesaw of values is not standard in such subject matter. This is one reason why I would be very interested in hearing the commentary of the viewers and the debate that is sure to ensue between various people of diverse economic backgrounds.
A short time ago I had the opportunity to overhear an interview with Ahmet on the eve of his receiving the ICP, Infinity Award. The fundamental yet banal question he was asked was most likely along the lines of “What is photography?” After a short pause he answered “Photography is a very, very big thing for me”.
Yes “Ars longa, vita brevis ” and photography is truly a very big thing. We can also say that Ahmet Polat is already a very big photographer even though he may not achieve the photographers utopia “To change the world” he manages to transform irreversibly those that meet him and his works.
Orhan Cem Çetin
Photographer, Lecturer
Istanbul Bilgi University
Work.
Rebound of the Gaze: the Photographs of Ahmet Polat ; by Dr. Wendy M.K. Shaw
I often notice that all forms of nationalism seem to have passed me by: whether supporting a team, feeling part of a nation, or declaring a religion, I find myself with no desire to pick a side. I used to see this as a product of birth compounded by experience: half this and half that nationally and religiously, people have always seemed eager to either tell me I was foreign or, if accepting me, let me know that this was a signal of their own broad mindedness. I particularly resented the repetition of Noah’s ark when it came to dating and marriage, since so many of my friends ultimately chose to mate with their own ethnic, religious, and class species. However, as I’ve grown older, if not wiser, I have discovered that the state of being in between is not only one that one is born into, but which one can also grow into through experience: through education, immigration, or simply individualism. So many people are foreign, or feel foreign, when one scratches the superficial practices which produce collective identity. The difference for those of us of mixed heritage, even more for those of mixed race, is that we wear our foreignness where it is readily visible, and where people often feel compelled to confront it immediately upon meeting. The fulcrum between hiding and revelation of identity sits in a different place than for those who are more clearly part of defined communities. And yet we all produce our communities, including those of us who are mixed, either double or in-between, both local and always foreign in every community to which we belong.
The photographs of Ahmet Polat, a Dutch photographer born in 1978 to a Turkish father and a Dutch mother, capture this space between belonging and being foreign, the simultaneous act of going and coming. This seemingly contradictory activity takes place both in the production of the photographs and in the images themselves. Like many photographers, Ahmet is a wanderer, attempting to understand the world by capturing it in instantaneous glimpses. Yet at the same time, his photographs refuse this curiosity. They turn back on him as well as on us, the viewers; they look not only back at us, but also in many other different directions, asking more questions than they answer. 
His early body of work documents his return to the Turkish village of Çakal Koy near the city of Gaziantep, where his grandfather was born, and to the city of Yalova, where his relatives were among tens of thousands who suffered through the devastating earthquake of 1999. This work reflects a quest for lost identity, a recuperation of an unknown past. It is as though his father – who left the family when he was a teenager - was one of those who walked away along the road portrayed in one of his photographs. 1 However, his father’s experience is not his own and they he cannot partake of another’s memories. The gaze of someone from two cultures is always double: at once foreign yet comprehending of the myriad cultural signs around him; at once understood as foreign, rejected, yet simultaneously taken in, embraced. Unlike a casual traveler, when Ahmet returns to Turkey, he knows what he sees: the villagers of Gaziantep, as well as the people he stays with in Yalova, are relatives. Yet just as he does not bear the callused hands of a farmer or suffer the crashing concrete of a home lost in a devastating earthquake, his relatives share neither his Dutch home nor language, nor his ambivalent sense of being foreign at home - wherever he lives. EXAMPLES Both the relatives and the photographer seem familiar to each other yet they are also ciphers. They magnify the uncanny relationship between those we know but cannot always understand, as well as the surprising familiarity and comfort we can sometimes find in the casual glance of a stranger.
His photographs approach the status of documents, promising added knowledge of the unknown. It almost seems as if they could fill in the blank wooden map of Turkey shown in one of his photographs, a map which both the foreigner and the child born abroad share. But like the stranger whom we gradually come to know, his images ultimately present increasingly complex questions which photographs cannot help always leaving unanswered. These are not simply anthropological questions of “who?” and “why?” which might be explained away by stories or customs, but more profound issues structured by the photographs themselves. In one of his earliest photographs, openings along a street – dark doorways and windows – become frames for odd moments of life: a woman examining the bottom of her shoe, a man smoking and looking out of a basement window, rolled carpets out of place, sitting on a chair on the sidewalk and, amidst it all, a girl holding a ball and looking at the camera, as though playing catch with the photographer. Here the gaze itself becomes like a ball which the subject catches and, in the next instant, will throw back. With it, she threatens to shatter the lens and the power through which it produces knowledge for the viewer. Similarly, sitting in the back of a car, the photographer looks out the front window, ignored by the driver captured in profile in the rear-view mirror, but caught in the act of peeking by the child who, rather than sitting properly in the car looking forward, instead looks back at the camera. As in the image of the shadow of a child and a ball between two shuttered windows, the photograph captures the instant of the rebound. This rebound is caught repeatedly in numerous images: by walls which point to a winding tree and the embrace of two men; by the outstretched arms of a proud man holding a cigar and wearing a cowboy hat; by the lines of a football field which point towards and away from a boy sitting at their corner, out of focus and eyes closed; and by the walls of a building which bend away from the shadow of a tree. 
Not limited by these simple compositional devices, this rebound reappears in Polat’s frequent use of mirrors and lights which confuse the direction in which we, the viewer, are supposed to look, sending our own gaze elsewhere. A mirror positioned over a bending child reflects the sky, as if it were laundry hung to dry, or as if it were a broken window, threatening to crash down, or as if it were her freedom, if only she turned around and looked up. Yet it is the photographer’s mirror which plays with our understanding, forcing us to imagine beyond the frame of the image. Through the mirror, a wall becomes a window, enabling us to gaze at a small coffee house without being seen. Boys become caught in their own vanity as they evaluate a haircut. Men surround a television which shines forth without an image, like a flash bulb popping as a picture is taken of us, the viewers, catching us as unaware as the subjects in his photographs. Like the people in many of Polat’s group photographs, we begin to look every which way, and in doing so, begin to look beyond the limits of the frame of the photograph.
The photographer arrives, sees, but does not conquer. Instead, he wanders away, having interacted with the world both for himself and on our behalf. He leaves the scene as he entered, neither a blank slate nor a scholar. He has paused to capture not what he sees, but to capture other people engaged in looking: engaged, actually, in life. We may empathize with these lives, but they remain outside our experience, rendering the photograph as opaque as it is transparent, a door as much as a window. It is good to remember this lest we expect photographs to reveal so much about their subjects that they give us as viewers a sense of command over the lives of others. As Ahmet Polat shifts from an examination of his personal history towards multiple arenas ranging from fashion to environment - both inside and beyond his homelands -he is no longer limited by the dilemma of identity. Rather he has been empowered by its placement of him on a boundary between empathy and exclusion – wherever he may wander.
In 2008, he was portraited for the Dutch cultural television-magazine, "Van Hier Tot Tokyo".
Both in his autonomous and commercial work, Polat's signature is evident: meticulous in composition, enigmatic in content, and expressing an overall warm-hearted curiosity for human relations. 
Motivated to show the traditional and the modern life of his father's country, Polat can be found working both in the outskirts of Turkey and among the high-society of Istanbul. In October 2008, the French edition of "Vogue" magazine published an article with Polat's view of Istanbul. 
Since 1999, Polat has participated in more than 20 exhibitions, at galleries including Stroom (The Hague), RAM (Rotterdam), Karsi Sanat (Istanbul) and Galeri X-ist (Istanbul). In 2007, he had his first solo exhibition at the Istanbul Modern Art Museum. 
Polat's book ""...Neither Here Nor There..."" ("Mets & Schilt"), a personal journey for identity, was released at Breda Photo 2008. This annual international photo festival also included a solo exhibition under the same title at the Nieuwe Brabantse Kunst Stichting (NBKS). The photo book was co-published with "Managing Diversity", and is initiated by the European Cultural Fund.
He's currently working together with Award winning designer, Sybren Kuiper on a new Book publication coming out by the end of 2011.
His Exhibition at the FOAM museum in Amsterdam, October 2010 will travel to DEPO Istanbul in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20186782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186782" title="Richard Tuheiava">
Richard Tuheiava

Richard Tuheiava (born February 28, 1974) is a member of the Senate of France, representing French Polynesia. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20186818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186818" title="Robert Laufoaulu">
Robert Laufoaulu

Robert Laufoaulu (born July 7, 1947) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the islands of Wallis and Futuna. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20186827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186827" title="Enrico Benzing">
Enrico Benzing

Enrico Benzing (born June 17, 1932) is an Italian engineer and journalist, son of the writer Mario Benzing
He wrote for the daily newspaper "La Gazzetta dello Sport" as Motoring-Editor and Formula One races reporter. Since 1974 he writes for "Il Giornale", created by Indro Montanelli, with technical contributions about the Formula One races. In 1963 he won the first edition of the "Dino Ferrari" Prize. From 1978 to 1980 he represented Italy in the Technical Commission of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile. He has projected wings for race cars, also Formula One, and he has published twelve books: among them, monographs about single cars, treatises about engine-technology, aerodynamics and the relations between aerodynamics and power in the race-cars.

</doc>
<doc id="20186858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186858" title="Radio promotion">
Radio promotion

Radio promotion is the division of a record company which is charged with placing songs on the radio. They maintain relationships with program directors at radio stations and attempt to persuade them to play singles to promote the sale of recordings, such as CDs, sold by the record company. They may also pay a fee to a third party, known as an independent promoter, who has a financial relationship with the radio station or its parent company.

</doc>
<doc id="20186865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186865" title="International Anthems for the Human Race">
International Anthems for the Human Race

International Anthems for the Human Race is the second album of Christian rock band All Star United. The album was released in 1998. The song "If We Were Lovers" was a #1 single in Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="20186866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186866" title="Michel Magras">
Michel Magras

Michel Magras (born 6 January 1954) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the island of Saint-Barthélemy. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. His brother Bruno Magras is Saint Barthélemy's current President of the Territorial Council and owns the St Barth Commuter local airline.

</doc>
<doc id="20186888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186888" title="Louis-Constant Fleming">
Louis-Constant Fleming

Louis-Constant Fleming (born 1 December 1946) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the island of Saint-Martin.He was born on the Dutch Side of the island which is Sint Maarten,there he attended primary school, he later left the island and went on to Canada. He has a degree in politics from a French university.He is a well known political figure in the French Caribbean, where he has held many positions. He is currently a member of the Union for a Popular Movement, and the senator of Saint Martin. The only Hospital in Saint Martin was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20186912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186912" title="David Poisson (politician)">
David Poisson (politician)

David E. Poisson (born September 3, 1951) is an American politician. He served in the Virginia House of Delegates 2006–2010, representing the 32nd district in Loudoun County. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Poisson served on the House committees on Agriculture, Chesapeake and Natural Resources (2006–2007), Counties, Cities and Towns (2008–2009), and Militia, Police and Public Safety (2006–2009).

</doc>
<doc id="20186915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186915" title="James Franklin (printer)">
James Franklin (printer)

James Franklin (February 4, 1697; Boston – February 4, 1735; Newport, Rhode Island) was an American colonial author, printer, newspaper publisher, and almanac publisher. James published the "New England Courant", one of the oldest and the first truly independent American newspaper.
Early years.
James was an older brother of Benjamin Franklin and the son of Josiah Franklin, a chandler from Ecton, Northamptonshire, England, and Abiah Folger Franklin, who came from a family of Nantucket Puritans. In addition to James, their children included: John (1690–1756), Peter (1692–1766), Mary (1694–ca. 1730), Sarah (1699–1731), Ebenezer (1701–1702), Thomas (1703–1706), Benjamin (1706–1790), Lydia (1708–1758), and Jane (1712–1795). James had seven other siblings from his father's earlier marriage. In 1717, James, returned to Boston from England with a press and a small quantity of type letters to start in the printing trade, and younger brother, Benjamin, became indentured to him. James married Ann Smith, who came from a Puritan family, in 1723, on his 26th birthday. The ceremony, in Boston, was performed by the Rev. John Webb of the New North Church.
Career.
James began publishing the "Courant" in Boston in 1721 with wife, Ann, and brother, Benjamin, working alongside him. While at the "Courant", James gathered a group, referred to by some as "The Hell-Fire Club", for assistance, and introduced "yellow journalism" to Boston. The "Courant" was considered controversial, and James was imprisoned for four weeks in 1722 for writing "scandalous libel". The paper was suppressed in 1727 and they left Boston in the same year.
At the invitation of James's brother, John, a tallow chandler, James and Ann moved to Newport. Here, they had five children, including Mary, Elizabeth, and James Jr. Here, too, James and Ann established the colony's first printing press.
Starting in 1727, James printed and published eight editions of the "Rhode-Island Almanack", sometimes under the pseudonym "Poor Robin". They were printed in James' shop near the town schoolhouse, or at his printing-house on Tillinghast's Wharf, near the Union-Flag Tavern. With the assistance of Thomas Fleet, the almanacs were sold as far away as Pudding-Lane in Boston.
On September 27, 1732, James published the first issue of the "Rhode Island Gazette", by in size. Its run lasted only until May 24, 1733, and its issues were irregular.
Later years.
James was ill while living in Newport, but before his death, Benjamin came for a visit. When Benjamin left for Philadelphia, he had with him his nephew, James Jr., and provided him with a printing apprenticeship thereafter. After a long illness, James died in Newport in 1735, on his 38th birthday and 12th wedding anniversary. He was survived by Ann, leaving her with four young children to support alone one child having preceded James in death.

</doc>
<doc id="20186923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186923" title="Alberto Magnelli">
Alberto Magnelli

Alberto Magnelli (1 July 1888 – 20 April 1971) was an Italian modern painter who was a significant figure in the post war Concrete art movement.
Biography.
Magnelli was born in Florence on July 1, 1888. In 1907 he started painting and, despite lacking formal art education, by 1909 he was established enough to be included in the Venice Biennale. His initial works were in a Fauvist style. Magnelli joined the Florentine avant-garde befriending artists including Ardengo Soffici and Gino Severini. He also visited Paris where he met Guillaume Apollinaire and the Cubists including Pablo Picasso, Fernand Léger, and Alexander Archipenko. By 1915 had adopted an abstract style incorporating cubist and futurist elements.
Over the next few years Magnelli returned to figurative work and drifted away from the Italian avant-garde, which was becoming more supportive of Fascism, which he opposed. By 1931 he had returned to abstraction in the form of concrete art featuring geometric shapes and overlapping planes. He moved to Paris, where he joined the Abstraction-Création group and became friends with Wassily Kandinsky, Jean Arp and Sophie Taeuber. Following the invasion of France by the Nazis, Magnelli and his future wife, Susi Gerson, went to live in Grasse with several other artists including the Arps. Some of the group, including Gerson, were Jewish so they were forced to hide. Despite this, the group was able to produce a number of collaborative works.
Following the Second World War, Magnelli returned to Paris which was to be his home for the rest of his life. He became a major figure in the post war concrete art movement and influenced artists such as Victor Vasarely, Nicolas de Staël as well as the concrete artists in South America such as Hélio Oiticica. He again exhibited at the Venice Biennale, this time with a whole room. Major galleries organised retrospectives of his work.
Magnelli died on April 20, 1971 at his home in Meudon, Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20186929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186929" title="Denis Detcheverry">
Denis Detcheverry

Denis Detcheverry (born 29 April 1953) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20186931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186931" title="Sam Cohen (Australian politician)">
Sam Cohen (Australian politician)

Samuel Herbert "Sam" Cohen (26 October 1918 – 7 October 1969) was an Australian politician, and was the first Jewish person to ever be elected to the Australian Senate. 
He was born in Sydney, he was educated at Wesley College, Melbourne and then the University of Melbourne. He served in the military from 1942 to 1943 and became a barrister in 1946. In 1961, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Victoria. He held the seat until his death in 1969; Bill Brown was appointed to replace him.

</doc>
<doc id="20186959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186959" title="Simon Loueckhote">
Simon Loueckhote

Simon Loueckhote (born May 7, 1957) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the island of New Caledonia. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
Loueckhote served as the sole member from New Caledonia to the French Senate from 1992 until 2011. Loueckhote announced in September 2011 that he would not seek re-election to the Senate after the Union for a Popular Movement political party threw its support to two other candidates, Pierre Frogier and Hilarion Vendegou, in June.
In 2011, New Caledonia's representation in the Senate of France was increased to two members as part of the Senate's enlargement. An electoral college held on September 24, 2011, will elect the two new Senators, who will succeed Loueckhote.

</doc>
<doc id="20186969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186969" title="Pierre Martin Rémi Aucher-Éloy">
Pierre Martin Rémi Aucher-Éloy

Pierre Martin Remi Aucher-Éloy (October 2, 1792 – October 6, 1838) was a French pharmacist and botanist who was a native of Blois.
He received his education at Orléans and later Paris. Beginning in 1817, he operated a bookstore in Blois, and in 1820, also a print shop. In 1826 he returned to Paris as owner of a print shop. In 1830 he relocated to Istanbul with aims of creating an "Herbier d'Orient". For the next several years he collected and studied plants throughout Asia Minor, Cyprus, Greece, Egypt, the Sinai Peninsula, Chios, Kos, Syria, Persia, Oman, et al. Stricken by exhaustion and illness, he died near Isfahan on October 6, 1838.
Aucher sold his collections to the "Museum National d'Histoire Naturelle" in Paris, from where they were distributed to various herbaria. His book "Relations de Voyages en Orient de 1830 à 1838" was published posthumously in 1843.

</doc>
<doc id="20186976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20186976" title="Adrien Giraud">
Adrien Giraud

Adrien Giraud (born 4 October 1936) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the island of Mayotte. He is a member of the Centrist Union. He was a baseball player before then in the tampabay rays.

</doc>
<doc id="20187001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187001" title="Didier Guillaume">
Didier Guillaume

Didier Guillaume (born 11 May 1959) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Drôme department. He is also the current President of the Drôme General Council. In 2008, after his election as senator, he had resigned his post as major of the "commune" of Bourg-de-Peage, which is the chef-lieu of the canton of the same name, represented by Guillaume in the General Council. He is a member of the Socialist Party and Vice-President of the Socialist Group in the Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="20187022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187022" title="Bunny Lewis">
Bunny Lewis

Bunny Lewis (12 November 1918 – 7 September 2001) was a London based manager, record producer and composer, whose songwriting abilities were used in a number of films. Sometimes this coincided with involvement in films of artists whom he personally managed, most notably the actor and singer, Craig Douglas. He also co-composed the song, "Cara Mia". Authorship was accredited to 'Tulio Trapani and Lee Lange'; Lee Lange was the pseudonym for David Whitfield's producer, Lewis, and Tulio Trapani was the nom de plume of the song's other co-writer and arranger, Mantovani.
Biography.
Born Bridges George McGibbon Lewis, in Kensington, London, he served in World War II in the Black Watch and was awarded the Military Cross.
After being demobbed in January 1946, Lewis worked at Decca Records. His major work was connected to three late 1950s and early 1960s productions; "Expresso Bongo" (1959), "The Frightened City" (1961), and also "It's Trad, Dad!" (1961), which co-starred Douglas.
Other film credits included work on "A Change of Heart" (1962), "The Painted Smile" (1962) and "One Too Many" (1950).
Lewis managed Doug Sheldon, Christine Quaite and Douglas, giving the singer previously known as Terry Perkins, the name under which he would become famous. Sheldon was discovered by Lewis while acting on stage, and was offered a recording contract with Decca. 
As a composer, Lewis contributed the song, "A Voice in the Wilderness", to the Cliff Richard film, "Expresso Bongo". Lewis also wrote a handful of songs that figured in the repertoire of early 1960s UK pop star Helen Shapiro; specifically "Kiss 'n' Run", "Let's Talk About Love", "Little Miss Lonely", and "Marvellous Lie". Craig Douglas' cover version of "Oh Lonesome Me" (1962) was produced by Lewis. As well as Lee Lange, Bridges also wrote and produced his songs under the pseudonyms of Johnny May and Emile Reisdorff.
Lewis' record production tally extended to David Whitfield's "Cara Mia" and "Answer Me"; Eden Kane's "Well I Ask You"; plus Craig Douglas' version of "Only Sixteen". All of these songs were number one hits in the UK Singles Chart. Lewis' UK chart-topping effort of four production credits exceeds those notables such as Phil Spector, Mickie Most, Denny Cordell, Phil Coulter and Albhy Galuten, all of whom only managed three such Number Ones. 
In 1999 Lewis was presented with a Gold Badge award by the British Academy of Composers and Songwriters (BACAS).
Lewis died in Westminster, London, in September 2001, at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="20187034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187034" title="George Poyser (politician)">
George Poyser (politician)

Arthur George Poyser (13 February 1915 – 5 August 1986) was an Australian politician. Born in Ballarat, Victoria, he was educated at state schools in Geelong, after which he became a textile worker and tramway worker. He served in the military 1940-1941. From 1961 to 1966 he was Secretary of the Geelong Trades Hall Council. In 1966, he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Victoria, filling the casual vacancy caused by the death of Senator Charles Sandford. The Australian Constitution dictated that a special election had to be held at the same time as the lower house 1966 election; Poyser and the Country Party's James Webster, appointed after the death of Harrie Wade, were required to stand for election. Both were successful. Poyser sat in the Senate until his retirement in 1975. He died in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20187039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187039" title="ANAPROF 2003">
ANAPROF 2003

ANAPROF 2003 is the 2003 season of the Asociación Nacional Pro Fútbol (ANAPROF), the Panamanian professional football league. The season started on February 26, 2003 with the "Torneo Apertura Bellsouth 2003" (Bellsouth Opening Tournament 2003), and ended on October 26, 2003 with the "Torneo Clausura Bellsouth 2003" (Bellsouth Closing Tournament 2003). The champion of both the opening and closing tournaments were Tauro; therefore, for the second time in history, Tauro were crowned ANAPROF champions without the need to play a grand final.
ANAPROF 2003 Grand Final.
Cancelled, as Tauro won both tournaments.
Local derby statistics.
El Super Clasico Nacional - Tauro v Plaza Amador
Clasico del Pueblo - Plaza Amador v El Chorillo

</doc>
